America has fast descended into a police state. The trouble is that we want to believe in the rule of law and the system that alleges to support and enforce it. But when reality collides with illusion, it is too late. No matter how bad things seem, we always think that times will get better and that government will do the right thing.
Only a few people left Germany in the early 1930s. They could clearly see the evolving tyranny. Many who stayed thought that things would not get so bad or that times would get better. They suffered from normalcy bias, a form of cognitive dissonance. They paid.
The wisdom today is in being able to see what is happening and having the vision to discern what is going to happen. Sorry. Anyone who still believes in the illusion of the rule of law will not see reality until it's too late to do what is necessary to survive and keep their assets.
Today, the rule of law is what the 1 percent (the government) says it is. The government holds the police power and the military power. Its main purpose is to be the silent force to contain the population.
The population in the United States is well-armed. That fact does not escape the 1 percent. That is why the 1 percent is so eager to find a basis upon which to justify disarming the people. The armed populace is all that stands between the people and full-blown tyranny.
We have entered the last days of the fiat regime. It is evidenced by a falling confidence in government and the government's stepped-up oppression of the people. This fact continues to be hidden by the mainstream media, which is under the control of the government.
The vast majority refuse to see or admit the regime is failing and descending into totalitarianism. They cite the fact that Americans are free to worship, free to travel, free to work, free to express themselves and free to vote as evidence that America remains free. But there are many signs that America is not far removed from tyranny seen in the former Soviet Union and the depths of Mao-ruled Chinese empire.
The state, meaning the apparatus of government, is “the system” that controls the American people.
Most people foolishly believe that they control the political system through elections. Little do they know that the government and the corporate state own and control the state and, through it, the people. This fact is kept invisible through constant conditioning of the public mind. There has never been any more sophisticated propaganda than in the United States today. No serious issues are ever discussed on national media.
The nature of government and the nature of people put them at natural enmity. Everything that the government is and has, it must extract from the people. It takes so much that it cannot disclose how much. The state and all that it has comes from the production and savings of the people by taxation and inflation.
If there is constant enmity and actually silent war between the State and the people, why is there no physical conflict? The answer is because of constant deceptive propaganda and the fact that the process is gradual over a long period of time. Gradualism clouds reality. Gradualism fogs the mind and suppresses rebellion. Rulers know this.
The elected elites know the proper code words to use to deceive the unthinking populace. Any and every law, no matter how oppressive, can be sold to the people by invoking these words. The Constitutionality of these laws does not matter and is not discussed. The court system does not help. All major legal decisions since the United States became a nation have been in favor of the government.
The Internet has thrown a wrench into the cogs that run the government propaganda machine and suppress the people. Information is now available that was once hidden or manipulated in favor of the state. The wall of propaganda has been breached.
This has thrown the elites off their game. Where they preferred to continue with their glacial march toward full-blown tyranny, an awakening populace has recognized the stepped-up oppression and has begun to push back. The physical conflict that had been so long avoided seems almost inevitable.
It's obvious the American regime is preparing for it:
President Barack Obama's regime has invented “legal” grounds to justify assassinating American citizens with drones. So far, three Americans have been executed without trial, including a 16-year-old from Colorado. This is mission creep far beyond what little George W. Bush began and Congress enabled with the false “war on terror” and the 4th Amendment-nullifying USA Patriot Act of 2001 (since extended).
2009 Nobel Peace Prize nominee Jim Garrow, Ph.D., who is noted for their work saving thousands of babies in China from certain death through the country's one-child policy, claims in a Facebook post that a military member and “hero” who everyone would recognize confided in them that Obama is using as a litmus test of military leadership that involves their willingness to fire on U.S. citizens and is removing those who say they will not.
The Department of Homeland Security has ordered another 21.6 million bullets to add to the 1.6 billion it has bought in the last year. Before the order, DHS had more than enough bullets to shoot every U.S. citizen four times and keep hundreds of millions of rounds in reserve. For perspective, during the height of the Iraq war, U.S. soldiers were using 5.5 million rounds per month.
The immigration reform legislation currently under discussion would place many more drones into U.S. airspace to spy on citizens along the border and within the 100 mile border zone over which DHS claims jurisdiction. It also calls for biometric ID cards maintained by the government at considerable expense — and no doubt wrought with considerable problems and shortcomings — that would be necessary to secure employment and perform other interactions with government functionaries and bureaucracies.
Police officers are teaming with National Guard and other U.S. military units to carry out training exercises that resemble military invasions on U.S. soil in violation of Posse Comitatus.
The Obama regime aided by a complicit Congress passed into law just more than one year ago the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which gives the regime the power to arrest and indefinitely detain American citizens without habeas corpus.
The surveillance state is growing more intrusive by the day. Police now have scanners that can peer beneath our clothes and in our cars and homes on street corners and in mobile units. Cameras and audio recording devices are everywhere.
High Schools students are being required to carry microchipped cards that record their whereabouts and to submit hair samples for mandatory drug testing.
Lawyers are being arrested for informing people of their rights.
Police officers are accompanying electric workers to enforce installation of so-called “smart meters” on houses that have the capability of spying on homeowners and supplying the state with terabytes of data on day-to-day activities. This opens the homeowner up to abuse from state enforcers and identity theft from thieves.
The elite behind the scenes count on the ignorance of the American people — who have been dumbed down with drugs, tobacco, alcohol, debauchery, a craze for national sports, instant gratification, debt and no rule of law — to ignore these and the many other loses of freedoms as they advance their agenda to confiscate all the world's wealth and enslave the populace.
How long will it continue before the pushback commences?
France's Education minister, Najat Vallaud-Belkacem has announced plans to boost teachers' pay in a bid to make their profession more attractive. Belkacem also wants school kids to become more fluent in foreign languages. However, one language in particular- Arabic - has sparked controversy.
One billion euros is the amount the government is promising to try and tackle France's dearth of teachers by 2020.
Staff in the country's infamous "priority education zones", on the outskirts of Paris and other big cities are likely to benefit most from the promised pay rise.
And so will the struggling education system which needs the best teachers. Because of the difficult conditions in these areas few dare apply to schools there.
"We were well behind other OECD countries," Najat Vallaud-Belkacem told French TV station BFM on Tuesday. "I want our treatment of teachers from now on to top the country rankings," they said.
Up until now, French teachers seem to have received the short end of the stick when it comes to pay.
They earn just under 30,000 euros per year, a fairly modest amount when compared with countries like Switzerland where the average salary is over 60,000 euros.
So, once this plan gets underway from next year, teachers - especially those just starting out - can expect to earn an extra 1,400 euros on top of their annual salary.
This bout of good news has been overshadowed by a growing controversy over the teaching of Arabic to primary school kids.
The government wants Arabic to be among the language choices for school kids as young as 6. But some deputies aren't happy.
Republicains deputy Annie Genevard last week said they regretted the introduction of "communutarian languages" in schools, even going so far as to equate the teaching of Arabic with a sort of "islamic indoctrination" that could threaten "national unity".
Education minister Belkacem dismissed these claims as total nonsense. They argue that Arabic is the official language of 26 states in Africa and the Arabic peninsula, and hardly constitutes a threat.
"Arabic will be taught in primary schools if the human resources are there, and if, of course parents ask for it," they said.
Rogers Communications Inc. was not the only group to have a rocky first year in its $5.2-billion broadcast contract with the NHL – so did one of its competitors, French-language sports television network RDS, along with Montreal Canadiens fans across Central and Western Canada.
While Rogers recently blamed lower quarterly profits on the NHL contract, which failed to produce the anticipated advertising and subscriber revenue in the 2014-15 regular season, RDS took a major hit to its bottom line because it was forced to match an offer for the Canadiens' French regional rights from TVA Sports in order to hang on to the package of 60 games it has had for 25 years. This, according to one broadcast industry source, tripled the annual cost to RDS to $60-million from $20-million, wiping out what was a steady profit of $30-million to $40-million.
RDS president Gerry Frappier declined to discuss the details of the Canadiens regional contract but insisted the network remains profitable. However, they admitted profits are down substantially because of the deal. BCE Inc., Rogers' main competitor in the communications industry, is the majority owner of RDS through its subsidiary Bell Media, which also owns the English-language sports network TSN. BCE owns 15 per cent of The Globe and Mail.
Story continues below advertisement
"It was a significant profit reset," Frappier said. "This is where I was extremely thankful to be part of a large integrated company that could accept a profit reset and was able to see long-term the strategic value of having a strong healthy sports service in this market."
Also feeling the pain this season were thousands of Habs fans who live outside the Canadiens' regional broadcast area of a small slice of Eastern Ontario, Quebec and the Maritimes. Those fans, from Ontario west to British Columbia, were no longer able to watch all 82 Canadiens games on RDS because once the NHL signed the deal with Rogers and TVA Sports, which is owned by Quebecor Inc., the league decided it would no longer let RDS and the Canadiens ignore the blackout restrictions followed by the other six Canadian-based NHL teams.
Even though the Rogers deal allows more games than ever to be shown nationally – on Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays this season – the NHL continues to enforce regional blackouts in order to preserve the value of each team's regional broadcast packages. Between 44 and 60 of the 82 regular-season games of each of the seven Canadian teams are designated as regional games. The league believes allowing too many of one team's games to be broadcast in another team's market would diminish the value of the host team's regional rights.
The only way around this for the viewer is to buy a specialty package such as NHL Centre Ice or Rogers GameCentre LIVE, a streaming service, which are not subject to most blackouts. The league and Rogers share the revenue from those packages, which cost about $200 each for the season. The prospect of selling more of these services undoubtedly played a role in the NHL's decision to enforce the Canadiens blackouts.
Keith Pelley, president of Rogers Media and the driving force in the NHL negotiations, is hailed by both their competitors and their colleagues for bringing their company a maximum return for the French broadcast rights. Pelley declined to comment.
Initially, TVA Sports landed both the national rights to 22 Canadiens games and regional rights to 60 games with a bid of $125-million a year through Rogers. But RDS had the right in its NHL contract to match any other regional bid, so it decided to pay $60-million annually for the 60 regional games. TVA Sports received the 22 national Canadiens games plus other NHL games and the playoffs for $65-million.
Quebecor's motivation in paying that much was twofold. It wanted NHL content for its fledgling sports network and putting a substantial amount of money in the league's coffers might have a happy effect on the company's efforts to land an NHL franchise for the new arena in Quebec City.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Since the early 1990s, Habs fans outside of the Canadiens' designated broadcast area benefited from the fact there was no competitor to RDS and that francophone audiences in Central and Western Canada were relatively small. For those reasons, even though RDS's contract was officially for French-language broadcasts of 60 regional games plus a national package, the NHL allowed RDS to show all 82 Canadiens games across the country. The league did enforce the blackouts for English-language regional broadcasts, as there were competing networks in TSN and Rogers's Sportsnet.
"It was a unique situation," Frappier said. "As a result, we never had to black out a game anywhere across the country in our history. Even the Hab regional games would go across the country, which technically they shouldn't have.
"A French broadcast of the Habs going into Alberta wasn't bothering anybody. Given there weren't two competing players sharing rights, there was no reason for anyone to enforce the rights. So they gave us a free ride."
But when Quebecor formed TVA Sports in 2011 and then became a partner with Rogers in its bid to wrest the Canadian national NHL broadcast rights away from TSN and the CBC, RDS was no longer alone in the field. And that spelled the end of a loophole that allowed thousands of francophone and anglophone Canadiens fans across the country to see their favourite team's games in French as long as they bought a cable or satellite package that included RDS.
Naturally, Frappier was disappointed to lose a package their network held for so long, but they do not feel slighted. "All they're doing is enforcing the existing rules," they said, although they believe RDS will be better off in the long run given the cost of the package.
In March, Quebecor chief executive officer Pierre Dion admitted it would take at least five years before TVA Sports' NHL deal is profitable. But they said the network's subscriber base increased 25 per cent in one year, growing to two million.
Estonia and Lithuania moved on January 17 to shore up military relations with the United States ahead of the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump.
The two Baltic states signed bilateral defense agreements with the United States to formalize the presence of U.S. troops in their countries, their defense ministries said.
The third Baltic state, Latvia, signed a similar deal with the United States last week.
The accords will ease the deployment of U.S. forces in the countries and allow for joint exercises and training.
"We are interested in the continued presence of American troops in Lithuania, as this is one of the key elements of our security," Defense Minister Raimundas Karoblis said.
Trump has called the NATO alliance that binds Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania with the United States and 24 other countries "obsolete." The comments caused a stir in the Baltic states, which have expressed concerns about the assertiveness of neighboring Russia following that country's illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula and support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Trump, who will take office on January 20, has repeatedly signaled their intent for warmer relations with Russia.
Linas Kojala, director of the Eastern Europe Studies Center in Vilnius, told the Associated Press that the moves are purposely being made to beat the clock on Trump's inauguration.
"Both sides (the United States and Lithuania) aimed to finalize the agreement before the inauguration of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, as the arrival of the new administration might push the issue to the bottom of the political agenda," Kojala said.
With reporting by dpa and AP
While we're used to high-end variants of the Perth Mints much bullion coin designs every year, it isn't often that there are many surprises in the release schedule. After the bullion version usually comes proof, coloured, gilded, high-relief, or even the ocassional antique version. For a new version of the 2016 Wedge-tailed Eagle (WTE) design we have something truly new for the mint.
We often think of bimetallic as being used for the low-end copper-nickel circulating coins, but there are othertypes that the description fits perfectly. The Royal Mint will often issue proof commemoratives that use yellow gold and rose gold to replicate the bimetallic British £2 coin, but mixed silver and gold coins are altogether rarer. For this new WTE coin, the mint has gone with ½oz of silver surrounding ½oz of gold, creating a classic high-contrast look.
The superb John Mercanti designed eagle artwork is limited to the small gold centre, with all of the inscriptions kept away from it by basing them in the silver surround. It works well. There will only be 750 of these well presented coins available, and at $1599.00 AUD they're not bargain basement, but it's a desirable coin if early buzz is any indicator.
Also out are the usual pair of five-ounce high-relief variants of the same original design. These are generally though of as being the best looking versions of this design and we agree wholeheartedly. The gold will sell for $12,995 and have a mintage limited to 150 units. The silver is a much more reasonable $495.00, no doubt linked to a pretty high mintage of 5,000 for a coin of this format. Both are beautiful pieces and available to order today.
lightbar
Abdulrahman Noorah faces accusations of manslaughter, felony hit and run and reckless driving. Police said they were passing vehicles, nearly colliding with them, at high speeds on Southeast Hawthorne Boulevard before their gold Lexus fatally struck a teen crossing 43rd Avenue.
(The Oregonian/File)
Updated at 11:03 a.m.
A 20-year-old man driving with a suspended license has been arrested in connection with a Southeast Portland crash that claimed the life of a teenage girl, police said Saturday.
Abdulrahman Noorah
Abdulrahman Noorah faces accusations of manslaughter, felony hit and run and reckless driving. Police said they were passing vehicles, nearly colliding with them, at high speeds on Southeast Hawthorne Boulevard on Friday afternoon before their gold Lexus struck and killed the teen as they were crossing 43rd Avenue.
Witnesses said the driver continued west at a high speed and made no attempt to stop, police said. Noorah later returned to the crash scene.
Investigators with the Portland Police Bureau's Major Crash Team said Noorah was driving with a suspended license. They "are still determining if intoxication was a factor," the agency said Saturday morning in a news release. Noorah was booked into a Multnomah County jail where their bail totals $257,500.
Several of the teen's family members were present during the crash, and they have asked for privacy.
Sgt. Greg Stewart, a police spokesperson, said the agency is holding off on releasing the teen's name despite the family notifications being completed.
"My understanding is there is work being done to make sure as many of their schoolmates as possible are notified in as compassionate a manner as possible," they said.
Investigators thanked The Ranger Station, a local business, for closing so that the family and others involved could have privacy.
Friday's fatality is at least the 30th traffic death in Portland this year and one of several in the city this month.
Portland averaged 33.25 traffic deaths per year from 2000 to 2015, according to the 2015 Portland Traffic Safety Report.
This report will be updated as information becomes available.
-- Tony Hernandez
thernandez@oregonian.com
503-294-5928
@tonyhreports
This post was updated to include a quote from Greg Stewart.
Since the state of Colorado legalized recreational marijuana, teen drug use has dropped. Here's why.
In 2012, the residents of Colorado voted in favor of recreational marijuana and by 2014, Colorado's Amendment 64 was implemented. The state's residents, aged 21 and older, were granted to access to purchase marijuana without a medical card. In the first year alone, $44 million in tax revenue was generated from sales and a portion the revenue funded social programs. Another positive impact from legalization was that teen drug use dropped.
According to the most recent National Survey on Drug Use and Health, marijuana use among the state's teenagers ages 12 to 17 is faintly higher than nine percent. The survey focused on monthly marijuana usage between 2015 to 2016, and experts stated that this is the lowest rate in marijuana use among teenagers in ten years. What's even more positive? The rates of teenagers using alcohol, tobacco products, and heroin have also dropped.
An author of Colorado's Amendment 64, Brian Vicente, credits the decrease of teen marijuana usage to the position that the state has in the industry. “There are serious penalties for selling to minors,” Vicente said in an interview, “and regulated cannabis businesses are being vigilant in checking IDs.”
One must consider, although Colorado legalized recreational marijuana, the black market is still alive and well. Despite still having access to marijuana, why has usage rates dropped dramatically? One theory is by eliminating the illegality of it, the stigma and “forbidden fruit factor” is also removed. If teenagers see adults using marijuana, this action may seem less disobedient and because of that less tempting.
While we may be getting ahead of ourselves to presume that teen drug use will entirely dissipate just by solely legalizing marijuana, the National Survey on Drug Use and Health is a good starting argument for the information and data required.
Beatles star Sir Paul McCartney will end the Olympics opening ceremony with Hey Jude and he'll ask the stadium's 60,000 spectators to join them for a sing-along
1bn people expected to watch Danny Boyle's £27 million Isles of Wonder show honouring Britain
Sources reveal the show will include a 'History March' paying tribute to the NHS and suffragettes
It will also shine a light on immigration, poverty and unemployment in the 20th century
Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney will close out the Olympics Games opening ceremony with a performance of Hey Jude - and he'll ask the stadium's 60,000 spectators to sing along with him.
One billion people are expected to tune in to watch the spectacular three-hour show, which is being directed by Oscar winner Danny Boyle and is costing £27 million to produce.
The largest harmonically tuned bell in the world will ring to mark the start of the ceremony at 9pm on July 27 - and the pop legend will bring it to a rousing finale at midnight.
Sir Paul McCartney will lead 60,000 people inside the stadium in a rousing singalong of Hey Jude
Work is well under way for the opening ceremony on July 27, which will be watched by a TV audience of 1 billion Giant models of the Gerkin, the Houses of Parliament and the Royal Albert Hall are built at a site in Dagenham ready to feature in the Opening Ceremony McCartney prompted rumours Hey Jude was on their Olympics set list last month when they reportedly refused to perform the song at the Queen's Jubilee concert. Sources now confirm to the Sunday Times the song will mark the end of the ceremony later this month. They have also revealed a darker side to Danny Boyle's Isles of Wonder spectacular - named after a line in Shakespeare's play The Tempest.
As well as a 'green and pleasant land' celebrating Britain's rolling fields and rural heritage - the show will include a 'History Parade' celebrating the NHS, immigration and protest movements, and shining a light on the country's darker past. The Olympic Stadium will be crammed with 60,000 spectactors for the ceremony, whic will begin at 9pm with the ringing of largest harmonically tuned bell in the world
Danny Boyle unveils a model showing how the Olympic stadium will be transformed into a 'green and pleasant land'
The green set will transform into a bleak industrial landscape and performers will recreate the Jarrow march of 1936, when 200 men walked to London to protest poverty and unemployment in the north east.
There will also be a tribute to the suffragette movement, led by an actor portraying Emmeline Pankhust.
And a celebration of Windrush of 1948, when West Indians sailed to Britain in search of a new life - played out to a calypso soundtrack.
Britain's National Health Service will also be honoured by a parade of real nurses pushing hospital beds around the arena.
Performers will pay tribute to the Beatles by dressing in outfits inspired by the Sgt Pepper album cover
And there's room in the show for a tribute to the Beatles, as performers dressed in Sgt Pepper-inspired military uniforms fill the inside of the stadium.
A detailed soundtrack will accompany each performance, changing as the 'History Parade' progresses to the present day, including an all-female urban dance group, who'll perform the background music as a group of BMX bikers recreate stunts.
One highlight is expected to be the appearance of five Olympic rings which will converge and burst into flames in a spectacular pyrotechnic display - before Sir Paul McCartney closes the event with a performance of Hey Jude.
There will be three final rehearsals for the opening ceremony in the Olympic stadium the week before the Games, featuring up to 60,000 people, including 900 schoolchildren.
The volunteer performers are not being paid but will receive travel and food costs, and officials have sent out letters warning those taking part not to divulge any information about what they are doing.
Such is the pressure to get the ceremony perfect that officials have warned that any children unable to make every practice session will be prevented from performing.
The opening ceremony, which will be attended by 60,000 spectactors inside Stratford's Olympic Stadium, including the Queen, is due to begin at 9pm on July 27.
WHITESBURG, Ky. — Moonshine packs a punch in this corner of Appalachia, where making hooch is steeped in local lore. But when Colin Fultz, the grandson of a bootlegger, opened a gourmet distillery here last fall, they ran afoul of a spirit even more potent than white lightning: University of Kentucky basketball.
With their outlaw grandfather — who spent 18 years behind bars for smuggling — very much on their mind, Mr. Fultz, a business person and onetime coal miner, set out to carry on their family's tradition in a legal, and thoroughly modern, way.
They tinkered with recipes, blending peaches and blackberries into mash brewed in their garage. They hired a lawyer — “My wife got on me, said I was going to get into trouble,” they said — and renovated an old car dealership, where they now distill and sells fruit-infused whiskey, serving it in thimble-size cups from an exposed-brick tasting bar.
But Mr. Fultz also tried to trademark their business name: Kentucky Mist Moonshine. And that, sports lovers, is how a moonshine maker wound up suing the University of Kentucky — the basketball behemoth exalted by its “Big Blue Nation” of fans — in federal court over a fundamental question: Who owns the rights to the name of the state?
Three men and a woman have been charged after police were called to a Clayton Park apartment building early Wednesday morning and found an assault rifle on the grass outside.
A concerned neighbour contacted police after hearing what sounded like a gun being handled inside an apartment on Caxton Close, Halifax Regional Police said in a statement. Police arrived on scene and were in the process of contacting the people inside the apartment when three men came out.
Two 29-year-old men and a 28-year-old man were taken into custody, along with a woman, 26, who was inside.
Police said they found an assault rifle and ammunition lying on the grass below the apartment while searching the area.
The four people in custody were each charged on Wednesday with multiple weapons offences as well as one count each of possession of cocaine for the purpose of trafficking.
One man was also charged with one count of breaching a probation order.
Bitcoin Companies Are Compounding the Bitcoin Hoarding Problem
Rate this post
Bitcoin hoarding has been dubbed as one of the “major problems” hampering the adoption growth of this disruptive digital currency. While there are over 14 million bitcoins in circulation at the time of publication, only a fraction of that amount is changing hands on a regular basis. As a result, there are a lot of coins not moving to different owners, leading to various addresses “hoarding” bitcoins.
Also read: New Economy Movement Focuses on Equal Opportunities
Consumers not Incentivized to Spend Bitcoin
One of the more common reasons for the Bitcoin hoarding problems can be blamed on lack of incentives for consumers to spend Bitcoin. While merchants are reaping the benefits from paying lower transactions fees on Bitcoin transactions, the everyday consumer is still paying the same amount for goods and services, rather than receiving a discount.
On top of that, the number of merchants accepting Bitcoin payments is still fairly low, despite that number increasing over time. Despite there being lower transactions fees for merchants, as well as the option to has Bitcoin transactions converted to fiat currency and receiving the money in their bank account the next business day, most people are still wary of Bitcoin.
At this time, the Bitcoin ecosystem is in a make-or-break phase. Either the number of transactions will continue to increase, regardless of incentives to spend BTC for goods and services, or the number of transactions will start to decrease very soon. Luckily for Bitcoin enthusiasts, the latter does not seem to be as worrying as it sounds, as more and more Bitcoin transactions are recorded on a quarterly basis.
Merchant adoption is not the only factor influencing the Bitcoin hoarding issue, though. As long as the Bitcoin community can grow, there will always be enough reasons to send Bitcoin transactions to other people in the world. Loans, wages and even gifts in Bitcoin are a great way to support friends, family and loved ones.
Various companies around the world have been focusing their efforts on bringing Bitcoin — and blockchain technology — to all corners of planet Earth. Many people have limited to no access to a financial infrastructure, and Bitcoin could present a financial vehicle these people have been waiting for for a long time. But these companies are, in their own way, also a part of the Bitcoin hoarding problem.
Bitcoin Companies are Hoarding BTC as Well
Every Bitcoin company is earning their revenue in BTC directly, which is their main purpose of being active in the digital currency ecosystem. On top of that, most of these companies will pay their staff – either in full or partially – in Bitcoin as well, creating a list of transactions every month. As a result, Bitcoin companies are trying to fight the hoarding system in a way.
But here is the twist: there is always a portion of BTC left in the company's wallets that are not being transferred. There is no reason to convert those Bitcoins to fiat currency when it's not needed, but there are other expenses that can be paid with this BTC balance. One of those expenses is advertising and marketing, an area Bitcoin companies will have to work on if they want to help digital currency gain mainstream adoption.
It is no secret that Bitcoin has a serious PR problem, due to mainstream media associating the digital currency with fraud, scams and hacks all the time. Every Bitcoin company has the responsibility to help push Bitcoin awareness and adoption to new levels. Advertising and marketing efforts are the easiest way to do so, as these types of campaigns will attract new customers from all over the world.
There is an argument to be made on behalf of these companies as well, however. Various Bitcoin companies will not pay for advertising campaigns due to the low BTC price at this time. There is a certain merit to that statement, but the Bitcoin price will not increase as long as people keep hoarding coins either. “You have to spend money to make money” seems to be an appropriate saying in that regard.
What are your thoughts on Bitcoin companies affecting the hoarding problem? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of Shutterstock
The opinions expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of Bitcoinist.net.
Originally posted on: Bitcoin Companies Are Compounding the Bitcoin Hoarding Problem
Jan 1, 2017
The Story of Hei Teves
As Lubavitcher Chassidim around the world prepare to mark a milestone Hei Teves, A Chassidisher Derher magazine is providing meaningful insight into the meaning of the day; the storyline of the trial and victory.
As Lubavitcher Chassidim around the world prepare to mark a milestone Hei Teves, A Chassidisher Derher magazine is providing meaningful insight into the meaning of the day; the storyline of the trial and victory, the “spiritual side” of the court-case, and how it all applies to us today.
The 70-page supplement magazine has been sent to subscribers around the world and is already being enjoyed in thousands of homes and yeshivos.
A highlight of the magazine is a roundtable discussion with three shluchim who lived through the entire story, the trial and the victory, as bochurim.
Rabbi Avraham Sternberg, shliach in New London, CT recalls how in those early months just before the trial began, Chassidim understood that a very serious issue was at hand:
“I remember in the winter of 5746 (1985-86) during the Rosh Chodesh Kislev seudah that Rabbi Meir Harlig organized, a few of the members of Agudas Chassidei Chabad—Rabbi Moshe Pinchas Katz, and perhaps Rabbi Mordechai Mentlick too—shared with the Chassidim what had happened during the yechidus that had taken place a few days earlier. They recounted how the Rebbe had banged their hand on the wall and emphasized that this wasn't just about the sefarim from the library, but a milchamah against the Frierdiker Rebbe, the Rebbe Rashab, and went on and named all the Rabbeim until the Baal Shem Tov!
“This was the first time that I heard it spoken about in public, in such an open forum, in front of a packed shul. Up until then, there had been quiet meetings and discussions, but never in such a public way. The words spoken that night had a tremendous effect on the audience…”
For almost a year, Chassidim waited impatiently for a verdict from the judge. Finally, on Hei Teves 5747, the ruling was issued that affirmed total and unequivocal victory for the Rebbe and Chassidim.
Rabbi Mordechai Glazman, shliach in Riga, Latvia recalls those exciting moments:
“On Hei Teves I was in the dining room of the yeshiva, and there was a rumor that there was a ruling from the judge, and it was didan notzach. We ran to 770, some other bochurim and I, and we went straight to the mazkirus office and asked Rabbi Binyomin Klein if it was true. They looked at us as if they didn't know anything; I think they knew already, but they didn't want to say.
“Outside people already started dancing. It was a very small crowd but it was very lebedik; as time passed more and more people came, and the crowd grew bigger. Never in my life Have I experienced such simcha; it is very hard to describe the feeling of happiness and the simcha that we experienced on that day.
“Later, we danced days and nights, and while there were many other days of didan notzach victories, the simcha of that day was just extraordinary; it was out of this world…”
The powerful message of Hei Teves is summed up by Rabbi Yosef Greenberg, shliach in Anchorage, AK:
“Looking back at the years of the case, it is clear that the essence of the court case was about the future. Now after Gimmel Tammuz, we can have a better understanding of what the Rebbe was speaking about during the entire case.
“At the time, the Rebbe was constantly emphasizing that “hu bachayim,” the Frierdiker Rebbe is here with us and still guiding us.
“The Rebbe was teaching us that a Rebbe is nitzchi, everlasting, and that their hashpa'ah continues even many years after the histalkus. They were telling us that the future of Lubavitch and 770, and all that comes with it, is still in the Rebbe's hands, and can continue to grow and become b'ein aroch—incomparably greater to what it was before, even though today we cannot see the Rebbe physically…”
The booklet also offers a collection of the Rebbe's talks emphasizing the spiritual aspect of the trial and victory, an in-depth look at the history of the Chabad library itself, and much more.
The full booklet is available for download here.
Relive year-round occurrences in the Rebbe's presence and fascinate your mind with little-known facts and accounts by subscribing to A Chassidisher Derher's monthly magazine. Visit Derher.org/subscribe
Children as young as four are being introduced to street and gang culture in parts of Glasgow, according to research.
Johanne Miller, of the University of the West of Scotland, said children in the Scottish city may be fully fledged gang members who accept violence as "part of their lives" by the age of 12.
Miller, who spent weeks studying 60 members of 21 gangs in Glasgow, said the groups formed in the city are not hierarchical, organised criminal groups but merely friends who have grown up close to each other.
They said: "The process that emerged from participants was that young people aged between four and 12 began playing in the few streets that made up their scheme – a council-built estate – and began from a young age to be socialised into street culture.
"These children have grown up hearing stories of territorial rivals and the crimes they enact.
"So within the child's conscious there is a known enemy, an 'other' out there who is already a threat in their minds. There is a tradition of associating your scheme as something that needs to be protected."
They added: "They would begin absorbing street culture transmitted through story-telling and observations of older children in the area and family members. They would adopt the gang name, start using it and decide whether they wanted to fight or not. This is how they grew into the gang. This violence then becomes more serious for core members, and conflict becomes a central binding agent of the gang."
Miller said their research showed that when aged between 14 and 18, gang members could spend as much as six hours a day on the street and even more at weekends.
They said gangs usually occupy derelict buildings and parking lots as well as forests, with fighting taking place away from CCTV and regular police controls.
"I was told stories about broken arms, a broken back from falling from a cliff, nails through feet, being hit with cars, someone is set on fire, suicides, shootings, stabbings, a boy's brother buzzing gas and it's blowing up, killing him," Miller said. "People being hurt and dying was an accepted part of their lives, it was just another inevitable part of occupying the streets for the young people."
However, Millar described how most members only stay in a gang for around three years before "drifting away".
A Scottish Government spokesperson said: "There are relatively low numbers of young people involved in gangs in Scotland.
"Our approach to divert young people from offending is based on prevention, early intervention and providing appropriate support. Our early intervention initiative – the whole system approach – tackles all aspects of youth offending from low-level crime to the most serious and harmful offences and aims to stop young people following the wrong path."
As Operation Protective Edge holds in a temporary ceasefire, evidence has come out revealing the extent of the extremist Sunni group Islamic State's (IS, formerly ISIS) involvement in the terror war against Israel from the Hamas stronghold of Gaza.
Terror organizations associated with IS and Al Qaeda have been proven to be joining the fight against Israel in Gaza, firing rockets on Israeli civilian population centers and attacking IDF troops.
On Sunday the Abdullah Azzam Brigades declared it had fired a Grad missile towards the Israeli town of Mivtahim located near southern Gaza. The announcement comes after similar ones last month by the Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis and Majlis Shura al-Mujahidin organizations.
Does terrorists have already been proven to be active in Gaza in a video uploaded by the group in July, showing them firing rockets on Israel. Perhaps more troubling is a Channel 10 report which on Sunday exposed that in recent months black IS flags have been commonly seen in Arab-Israeli towns in northern and coastal Israel, notably in the cities of Nazareth and Akko.
Since the beginning of Operation Protective Edge on July 8, the IS and Al Qaeda-associated organizations in Gaza have announced the deaths of at least 13 of their terrorists in the fighting against the IDF and Israel.
The 13 include Abdullah Awani al-Fara, Ahmed Omar Abed al-A'al, Jaber Hamdan Abu Jaber, Saeed al-Lahawani, Usa Mohammed al-Sha'ar, Yusuf Jalal Barkat, Hamza Yusuf Muamar, Eyman Abed al-Rauf al-Sheikh, Hamza Halad al-Kadi, Mohammed Hamdan, Rasam Abu A'adra, and Mohammed al-Hamida.
The list repeats Abdullah Awani al-Fara's name to reach a total of 13, a technique being used rampantly in the manipulation of casualty figures being presented about the operation.
A video posted last Friday shows terrorists of the IS and Al Qaeda affiliated organizations active in Gaza. Masked terrorists can be seen making declarations in front of the black IS flag and firing mortar shells at Israel.
Viewer discretion is advised given that the video contains very graphic imagery of a mutilated child's body.
A St. John's woman has written city councillors, calling for better sidewalk snowclearing and salting, after a senior woman fell into a snowbank at a downtown bus stop.
Cara Lewis says this is their first winter in many years as a full-time pedestrian and safety has been on their mind.
Demanding better snow clearing after witnessing a frightening fall. 7:54
Even more so, Lewis said, since they saw a woman had fallen into a snowbank, while a man in a wheelchair struggled to get off a Metrobus at the Long's Hill and Harvey Road stop.
You could tell they were embarrassed and apologetic and just struggling with their one leg and their wheelchair. It was absolutely outrageous. - Cara Lewis
They thought the man was struggling to get on the bus's accessibility ramp, but then realized the man was actually trying to help their partner, who Lewis said was "lodged" in slush.
"She was struggling and not able to get up from the snowbank which they fell into," Lewis told CBC's St. John's Morning Show of the Jan. 21 incident.
Lewis and the bus driver helped the woman get up and then also helped clear snow and slush out of the way for the the man in the wheelchair to get off the bus.
"I just started digging — I had to dig around the ramp so that they could shimmy themselves off," said Lewis, who added they didn't get the names of the two people they helped, but asked for permission to share the story.
"You could tell they were embarrassed and apologetic and just struggling with their one leg and their wheelchair. It was absolutely outragoues."
'It just needs to be addressed'
On Merrymeeting Road, one obstacle to sidewalk snowclearing include poles in the middle of the sidewalks. (Cecil Haire/CBC)
The incident inspired Lewis to write a letter to the city councillors, as well as share the content of that letter on Facebook.
In the letter, Lewis makes the case to councillors to establish an immediate response to maintain sidewalks on main arteries, including where they live on Merrymeeting Road, as well as a strategic plan to tackle the issue.
"It's good to explain your situation, your motivation, and then to just make some clear and also reasonably reachable goals to address the problems that you are expressing," said Lewis.
"I would go for at least one sidewalk a street, I think that's reasonable."
Since posting it on social media, Lewis said she's received support from other people looking for better sidewalk clearing.
In addition, Lewis said she's heard back from most of the councillors by Monday morning, at least acknowledging them complained.
"I'm not sure if the squeaky wheel kind of got the results and we did eventually get a sidewalk [cleared] on our road," they said.
"But it's days that you see families and people with disabilities struggling from supermarkets … and just in the middle of the street, it just needs to be addressed."
While this is not a ‘goodbye', the time has come for me to leave Ra Ra Riot.
Thank you for the wonderful 6 years– so many beautiful places visited, with incredible fans & close friends made along the way. I will carry on what I have learned from each and every one of you in future endeavors, whether it be music, becoming a pilot, or the next Iron Chef.
Playing music with Rebecca, Milo, Wes, Mathieu, John, Kenny, Gabriel, and Cameron has provided some very special opportunities in my life, alongside all the talented and amazing bands that have shared the stage with us throughout. I have learned so much from all of you, and most importantly, you have have taught me to strive every day to be a better musician and songwriter.
much love,
Alexandra Lawn
—-
A few nights ago I happened upon some early videos of us playing live; back from when we were a newborn of a band. I began to reminisce about the early days and temporarily got sucked into a black hole of nostalgia. Seeing the early footage was a glowing reminder of how far we've come, and how much we've changed—as a band, and as people.
Back when we first started, the thrill of being allowed to play was enough to keep us going. We functioned week-to-week and were playing every show as if it might have been our final, trying to make the most of it all while it lasted.
Our first priority (and ultimately the reason why we started the band in the first place) was simply “to have fun.“ This objective acted as a mission statement in the early days. It was our pole star as we navigated our course into our unknown future. It was a fundamental goal that provided a guide for our decision-making process.
When we first formed, none of us could have guessed that we'd still be a band six years and however many hundreds of shows later. Since then we've been through a lot together. We've seen the world. We've learned about ourselves. We've learned about each other. We've made a lot of memories that will last a lifetime. And we've shared experiences that cover the extreme ends of the human emotional spectrum. Life. Love. Death. Sometimes it's difficult to keep these things in perspective. We are not the same band that we were six years ago, for we are not the same people. These sorts of changes are only natural of course. They are the result of living life. It would be counterproductive to try to deny change to ourselves or to the band. Nothing lasts forever after all… as they say, with every end is a new beginning.
Allie's decision to leave the band reflects a true sense of self-awareness and is a testament to their continuous quest for contentment. Taking active control over your destiny is a sign of strength, and I am happy for Allie that they are pursuing whatever it is that they are looking for.
It was by chance that Allie and I ended up in a band making music together. Unknowingly at the time, we'd come to effectively alter the course of each other's lives in countless ways. I feel very fortunate that we got to play music together in the first place and I consider myself lucky that we have spent the better part of the last six years doing so. For that, I am grateful.
-Milo & Ra Ra Riot
According to a report published earlier today, Adobe will be pulling support for Flash on browsers for mobile devices.
(via Tumblr)
The news comes from ZDNet – a business and technology news website – in the form of a report in which they cite “sources close to Adobe” who claim that they have been briefed on the company's future plans. The most notable bit about these “plans” being how Adobe is reportedly looking to stop further development of Flash on browsers for mobile devices such as Android and PlayBook.
The sources sent a “forthcoming announcement” to ZDNet in which Adobe states that their focus from now on would be on their newer AIR technology instead of Flash and that Flash will no longer be adapted for browsers on new mobile devices or new OS versions. This is while current Flash for Android and Blackberry Playbook configurations will continue to see bug fixes and security updates (but not new features).
From ZDNet:
Our future work with Flash on mobile devices will be focused on enabling Flash developers to package native apps with Adobe AIR for all the major app stores. We will no longer adapt Flash Player for mobile devices to new browser, OS version or device configurations. Some of our source code licensees may opt to continue working on and releasing their own implementations. We will continue to support the current Android and PlayBook configurations with critical bug fixes and security updates.
Well, that sure was unexpected.
One of Android's most advertised features of 2010 was how the OS is “open” and offers “the full web” since over 75% of rich media on the internet was made and displayed in Flash. It was, then, being marketed as an exclusive feature, one that iOS users were sorely missing.
The whole Adobe vs. Apple topic was one of the hottest debates of 2010. Adobe wanted to push their multimedia platform beyond the PC while Apple saw it as an outdated technology unsuitable for low-power mobile devices, susceptible to malware, unreliable and poor in performance.
Adobe eventually released Flash Player 10 for Android while Apple declared that Flash would never be made available for Mobile Safari.
The story now ends with Adobe ceasing development of Flash for browsers on mobile devices and Apple, or more specifically Steve Jobs, winning the debate.
Apple was really right in the end as currently, despite seeing heavy development, Flash for Android is still a mess. Even on the highest-end of devices, its performance is mediocre at best. On my Samsung Galaxy S II, Adobe Flash is set to run “on demand” and, honestly speaking, it never really gets any demand from me since the most popular websites and services support HTML5 – an open, secure and better performing alternative to Flash – which, in turn, is well supported by the modern mobile browsers such as Android's stock browser and iOS' Mobile Safari.
Update: To make things more official, Adobe has posted an article on their blog; officially acknowledging the death of Flash on mobile device, and diverting focus more towards HTML5.
You may also like to check out:
You can follow us on Twitter, add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the web.
Related Stories
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador — El Salvador and 20 other nations in Latin America and the Caribbean are this month electing their national Baha'i assembly for the 50th time.
The anniversary not only marks a milestone in the establishment of the Baha'i Faith in the Western Hemisphere, but the formation of those 21 assemblies in 1961 helped pave the way for the election two years later of the Universal House of Justice, the nine-member body that is now the worldwide head of the Baha'i Faith.
"To be able to elect the House of Justice, we first had to elect national assemblies," explained Gabriel Torres, who was a member of the first National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of El Salvador.
Mr. Torres shared their memories at a special session during El Salvador's 50th national convention, held this past weekend at the new Baha'i center in the capital city of San Salvador.
Others who spoke were Quentin and Jeanne Farrand – also among the nine people elected to the first Salvadoran Baha'i National Spiritual Assembly.
"It was such an emotional moment when (we learned) that 21 countries in Latin America would all form their national assemblies in 1961," Mrs. Farrand said.
At the time, added Mr. Farrand, there were just 24 active Baha'is in El Salvador. "I remember that there were only 11 people at the first summer school we had. Now our Baha'i Institute is too small to hold all the people."
There are several thousand Baha'is in El Salvador now, despite upheavals caused by civil war in the 1980s and early '90s that forced many people from their homes and significantly reduced the size of the Baha'i community.
More important than numbers, however, is the progress being made at the grassroots level to work with the wider community in contributing to the betterment of society, said Gabriela Velis, 32.
"Our work is aimed at raising the capacity of people to take charge of their own spiritual, social, and intellectual development," they said.
Activities include gatherings that strengthen the devotional character of the community; classes for children; groups that channel the energies of young people; and study circles where participants explore the application of spiritual teachings to their lives.
Festival of Ridvan
National Baha'i elections are held during the 12-day Festival of Ridvan, which begins each year on 21 April. Ridvan marks the anniversary of Baha'u'llah's declaration in 1863 that  They are the Messenger of God for this age, the most recent in a line of divine educators that includes Buddha, Jesus, Krishna, Mohammed, Moses, Zoroaster, and others.
In its annual message for the Ridvan period addressed to the Baha'is of the world, the Universal House of Justice observed the growing ability of National Spiritual Assemblies across the globe to think and act strategically in nurturing community-building processes at the local level.
As core activities multiply, the message noted, they will be sustained by "men and women eager to improve material and spiritual conditions in their surroundings."
In addition to El Salvador, other countries in Latin America and the Caribbean where Baha'is are electing their National Spiritual Assembly for the 50th year include Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, and Venezuela.
Historical photographs from the first national Baha'i election in each of these countries may be seen at https://news.bahai.org/story/ridvan2010/photographs.html.
Amish Farm & House
Amish is a way of life brought over from Switzerland around 1690. Contrary to popular belief, it is not a religion. The oldest (and second largest) Amish settlement in the United States is in Lancaster County, where there are an estimated 30,000 living in a 30-mile radius.
At the Amish Farm and House, you can see how the Amish have lived for more than 300 years. The Amish kitchen is of particular interest. Although many outsiders see Amish life as isolated and restrictive, they have no dietary restrictions. Since they shun electricity, propane is used for cooking and lighting. Most Amish in Lancaster County have indoor plumbing.
Their clothing is rather uniform (strictly solid colors) and there is plenty on display in the upstairs bedrooms. Perhaps the most striking difference between the Amish home and most American homes is the lack of pictures. Like Muslims, the Amish forbid photos of sentient beings. Highlights of the outside exhibits include old farming equipment, a vacuum milker, blacksmith shop as well as a schoolhouse. The Amish are only educated up to 8th grade, as that's all they deem necessary for their way of living.
The only thing missing from the museum are actual Amish people. For those who want to see Amish life in the 21st century, 90-minute bus tours leave from the museum seven days a week. They wind through the back roads of Lancaster County, where the Amish live and work. They are generally friendly people as long as you don't try to take their picture.
Disruption is all the rage. Venture Capitalists swear by it and everyone seems to want to disrupt some industry or other.
The idea is that if you can find some new technology that breaks the mold of an old industry, then the new disrupting company will get to own that massive business or what is left of it. Fortunes can be and are made with disruption. Apple did it to the music business. Google did it to the print industry. The list of billion dollar triumphs is long.
Imagine for example if someone found a way to get gold out of seawater. Don't laugh, Howard Hughes funded a project to do just that.
Why?
There are eight kilos of gold in a square mile of seawater and there are 140 million square miles of sea. That's a lot of gold, so let's go!
The trouble is, no one has found the disruptive technology for that. Dagnabit, or rather thank goodness, as a few million extra tons of gold won't do the gold price any good at all.
There are plenty of disruptive technologies that don't exist that get sold on the stock market. There are the cures for cancer, the emerging technologies that are always on the brink of setting some industry on fire but never do. The stock markets of the world are plagued with these hopeless pump and dumps, and some run for years. However, every now and then one actually does come along.
The big one of course was the Internet; it was technology that had been gestating for decades and most people didn't know why they would need such a nerdy abstract thing. Why would anyone bother with email for goodness sake? Then boom, no one could do without the Internet, web etc.
Then you can think about fracking. One moment we were all going to have to eat mud and revert to barbarism because peak oil had arrived and then suddenly oil was coming out of every earthly orifice. Who would have thunk it?
Even disrupting the taxi cab trade can generate bazillions of value, or at least according to the magician financiers that can incant billion dollar valuations for explosive start ups.
Disruptive technology is where it's at.
So how about a warp drive? Like in Star Trek. An engine that simply makes one directional force. Things that move don't make one directional force to push them along, they grind against stuff and stick to Newton's third law of equal and opposite reaction.
A force engine wouldn't bother with that; energy in would turn into directional force and off it would go without reaction. It would be a cableless elevator. Newton said you can't have this and while Jules Verne could come up with such a thing in their head, to have a force engine you'd have to invent it over Newton's dead body.
This of course is possible because:
Newton is dead. Einstein kind of rained on their parade. Someone claims to have come up with a force engine called an EmDrive. NASA is testing the idea and is mumbling that it might just work. Let's focus on the word MIGHT. Some Chinese physicists are firing lasers down cables and they bend in a way that also suggests the idea MIGHT work. This information wasn't released on April 1st.
The impossible is looking improbably and that might turn into something amazing.
The reason I'm writing this? If this force engine were to work, every industry you invest in will be turned upside down. Admittedly, this is a very early call. Inventing a time machine would be more dramatic than EmDrive but not a lot more. A force engine would be like inventing fire.
For starters we could all leave the planet and not for $10,000 a kilo but for cents. Spacecraft could move using electricity from solar panels and not by throwing stuff out the back to get a Newtonian move on, as is currently the case. We could all up sticks and leave Earth and this alone is enough to change everything even before you get flying cars zipping around, floating cities and all the SF stuff they used to airbrush onto paperbacks in the 1970s.
So keep an eye on this one, because if there is a get around to Newton's Third Law, then the Internet is going to look like a small event and Uber about as significant as a smear of sweat on your mobile screen.
It can't work of course, but the whole reason NASA is bothering in the first place is, if it does, then the consequences are truly awesome for everyone.
So we should all watch what happens next to the EmDrive.
Imagine bad news of equivalent importance, for instance, NASA saying “maybe” a meteor is going to slam into earth in two years and we are all going to die. Everyone would know about it in minutes, but the equivalent good news is going almost unreported.
Good news just doesn't travel that fast, but with a EmDrive force engine, maybe it would.
---
Clem Chambers is the CEO of leading private investors Web site ADVFN.com and author of Be Rich, The Game in Wall Street and Letters to my Broker.
One of the ironies of the current broadband situation in the US is that staunch free marketeers defend the status quo even though the result of their views has been duopoly and high prices. Meanwhile, other countries (including those with a reputation in some quarters for "socialism") have taken aggressive steps to create a robust, competitive, consumer-friendly marketplace with the help of regulation and national investment.
Critics, it's time to stop the quibbling: the data collection practices that show the US dropping year-over-year in all sorts of broadband metrics from uptake to price per megabit might not prove solid enough to trust with your life, but we're out of good reasons to doubt their general meaning.
On March 26, 2004, George Bush talked up the importance of broadband. "This country needs a national goal for... the spread of broadband technology," they said. "We ought to have... universal, affordable access for broadband technology by the year 2007, and then we ought to make sure as soon as possible thereafter, consumers have got plenty of choices when it comes to [their] broadband carrier."
But multiple reports show that countries around the world are beating us at broadband, and we're putting our economy and technological leadership at risk through a truly stunning failure to cast a national vision. Other countries are doing better at this, and they're doing it through a combination of financing, fear (competition), and federal mandates.
Report US ranking FTTH Council, "Asia Lead the World in FTTH Penetration" (July 18, 2007) 11 Robert Atkinson, "The Case for a National Broadband Policy" (June 2007) 12 OECD, "Broadband Statistics to December 2006" 15 ITU, "Broadband Statistics for 1 January 2006" 15 ITU United Nations Conf. on Trade and Develop., "Chapter 3, the Digital Opportunity Index" 20 Website Optimization, LLC, "US Jumps to 24th in Worldwide Broadband Penetration" (August 21, 2007) 24
This was the message of John Windhausen, president of Telepoly Consulting, who authored (and is currently lobbying for) the "Big Broadband" plan for 100+Mbps fiber optic connections to every home in the country. The plan is backed by the higher-ed IT association EDUCAUSE, and Windhausen presented their work to members at an annual policy gathering this week in Washington, DC. While Windhausen's model might not be the one ultimately adopted by the US, they did explain just how other countries have managed to leapfrog us. First, though, they dismissed two common canards. (Quack, quack; bang, bang.)
A common criticism of the OECD broadband numbers that put the US in 15th place worldwide is that they cover countries less rural than the US, with its amber waves of grains and the purple majesty of its mountains at twilight (word on the street has it that God sheds grace like dead skin on these places, too). But Windhausen pointed out that other countries with more rural areas are beating us in broadband. Norway, Iceland, and Sweden, for instance, all have a greater rural mix than does the US, and all are higher in the rankings.
In addition, nearly all the countries beating us have a smaller Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita than the US; in fact, only Norway and Luxembourg have a higher one.
So if being a broadband laggard can't be chalked up to either having less money or more farmers, what can explain it? Windhausen says that other countries have deployed the "three Fs" listed above as they made broadband a key piece of national policy.
Japan. The government requires local loop unbundling so that new ISPs can emerge without having to rewire the last mile every time. The government also has a 34 percent stake in NTT, one of the major telecoms, and has ordered it to deploy fiber whether or not it shows a profit; broadband is considered a key piece of infrastructure that can't simply be deployed only where it is profitable. The government also subsidizes a third of the cost of all fiber-to-the-home deployments in rural areas, where rolling out new lines can prove terribly expensive. The result is one of the fastest broadband networks in the world at one of the lowest price-per-megabit points anywhere.
France. In France, local loop unbundling was mandated in 1999 (the US ditched similar rules a few years later) and multiple competitors emerged. In December 2007, new fiber rules were promulgated that required all new construction to be compatible with fiber, which is much cheaper to install at the time of construction. The country's policies have been successful enough that competing ISPs like Iliad and Neuf Cegetel are no longer just content to lease their lines but are rolling out their own fiber infrastructure. While fiber ramps up, DSL too remains far above US offerings, providing 20Mbps for around $20 a month using ADSL2+ technology of the kind AT&T is now deploying for U-verse (though in AT&T's version, only part of this is available for Internet access).
Sweden. Sweden was the first European nation to have a broadband policy, and it has sunk $820 million into infrastructure so far. That might not sound like much, but it represents a $30 billion expenditure for a country the size of the US. The Swedish government is now recommending another $500 million to build fiber out further into rural areas, and fiber lines are unbundled to encourage competition.
Canada. Finally, Canada adopted a broadband plan in 2001 and it treats broadband as a core infrastructure element. It has about the same rural/urban mix as the US but a smaller economy per capita, and it is near the top of the OECD rankings.
Despite the repeated claims of the current administration that our "broadband policy" is working, the US actually has no broadband policy and no aggressive and inspiring goals (think "moon shot"). The EDUCAUSE model suggests investing $100 billion (a third comes from the feds, a third from the states, and a third from companies) to roll out fiber to every home in the country. Whether the particular proposal has merit or not, it at least has the great virtue of being an ambitious policy that recognizes the broad economic and social benefits from fast broadband.
Here's hoping that the next president, whoever they (or, possibly, she) is, gives us something more effective—and inspiring—than this. It's telling that the current administration's official page on the President's tech policy hasn't had a new speech or press release added since... 2004.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Shocking new details have been revealed in public about the CIA's torture program as the agency has declassified dozens of once-secret documents. A portion of the new documents deal with a prisoner named Gul Rahman, who froze to death at a secret CIA prison in 2002. Rahman's family is now suing CIA-contracted psychologists James Mitchell and John “Bruce” Jessen, who helped design the U.S. torture program.
The new records also show a prisoner who was waterboarded 83 times was likely willing to cooperate with interrogators before the torture. The account from medical personnel who helped with the first waterboarding of Abu Zubaydah deals a major blow to the CIA's insistence it gained crucial information through torture. Zubaydah said they made up fake terrorist plots in order to stop the abuse.
AMY GOODMAN: Another partially declassified document reveals President Bush was uneasy about what the agency was doing. One 2006 memo read, quote, “The president was concerned about the image of a detainee, chained to the ceiling, clothed in a diaper and forced to go to the bathroom on themselves.”
Joining us now is Dror Ladin, attorney with the ACLU, the American Civil Liberties Union, who helped win the release of these documents.
Dror, welcome to Democracy Now! What did you find?
DROR LADIN: I mean, we found so much more evidence of what everyone already knows, which is that the CIA torture program was not at all some scientific method of getting information from bad people who would only give it up under torture. But instead it was an exercise in brutality against people who the CIA didn't know whether they had information, whether they didn't have information, and where the only answer was more torture whenever they didn't get the answers they wanted. The result, we learn, is not only the brutality against individuals, but also actual damage to the country's ability to gather intelligence. So, these documents are the CIA's own account of their failures.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And the role of psychologists in this? What do the documents show?
DROR LADIN: I mean, the role of psychologists is horrifying. So we represent also in another lawsuit Gul Rahman's family over their death under torture. And these documents now reveal why they were singled out for such brutality. And it's because of this psychological theory that they could identify someone who was a sophisticated resister, and then deploy this escalating set of tortures in order to break him. And when you now have these reports, we can see why they thought they were such a sophisticated resister. And this is what it is: They complained about the violations of their human rights. They complained about the poor treatment. And in a detention facility in which they would freeze to death from hypothermia, they said they had trouble thinking because it was so cold. They write this down in cables and say, “Gul Rahman is a very sophisticated resister. We need to employ even more brutality.”
A different part of the documents describes how senior people at the agency believed that waterboarding was, quote, “a silver bullet,” and they would rapidly escalate to it. So the whole torture program, when it finally became public, was sold by the CIA as if it was very carefully calibrated, they would only do what they needed to get people to cooperate. But the reality was nothing like that. They would just immediately go to the worst possible thing they could do. And people like Gul Rahman paid the price.
AMY GOODMAN: Talk about Abu Zubaydah, the waterboarding 83 times, and about the fact that they said they would talk before the torture.
DROR LADIN: Yeah, the remarkable thing is that a lot of people think that the CIA program, you know, they would only go to torture, again, when they knew that someone was holding information that's a ticking time bomb, whatever. But the thing is, they don't actually know that, going into it. And so, with Abu Zubaydah, they didn't even know who they are. They were convinced they were the number three person in al-Qaeda. And in these new—some of the new transcripts we have are the testimony that they gave at Guantánamo, in which they say even the CIA tells him, “Oh, we made a big mistake with you.”
But that big mistake, you know—the way the CIA operated is that you had the people on the ground doing the torture, and then you had these analysts back at headquarters who would say, “Oh, they haven't told you about the plot? Well, they definitely know about a plot, so you should torture them further.” And one of the remarkable things about the cables that we just uncovered is you see actually the torturers talking to headquarters and saying, “We don't know. I mean, we've been torturing them for a while now, and it really doesn't seem like there's much left to say.” And they say, “Oh, we can't believe that there's nothing more. Torture further.”
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And the information about the pangs of conscience of President Bush?
DROR LADIN: You know, it's hard to credit that, but on the other hand, I think a lot of people think of torture in a more abstract way rather than thinking of a detainee chained to the ceiling in a diaper. And so, I think that, you know, the president or anyone else, when ultimately confronted with the brutality of it, has to really think again, you know, “Is this who we are? Is this—even imagining that it was, you know, effective”—which we know it wasn't—”is this who we are?”
AMY GOODMAN: Do you now have evidence for lawsuits for crimes, charges of war crimes to be brought up against U.S. officials, right on up to the president, for what they knew and when they knew it?
DROR LADIN: I mean, that's the thing that is horrifying about this, is that these are war crimes. This is evidence of war crimes. And yet no one's been prosecuted. No senior official has ever been prosecuted. The ACLU can't prosecute people. We have a damages lawsuit on behalf of the victims. But the Department of Justice, you know, needs to prosecute people. Human Rights Watch just called—you know, renewed its call for prosecutions based on these new documents. It's something we've long said. But the government has to actually want to do it. And that's a problem.
AMY GOODMAN: Very quickly, how did you get these documents? And are there more?
DROR LADIN: We got these documents through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit. Some of them we've been fighting over for over a decade. And yes, there will be more. There's so much more left to know about this program, and it's essential that we know about it now.
AMY GOODMAN: Dror Ladin, we want to thank you for being with us, staff attorney at the ACLU National Security Project, counsel in the FOIA case that led to the release of the CIA documents, as well as in the ACLU suit against Mitchell and Jessen, the two psychologists who designed the CIA torture program.
That does it for our show. Democracy Now! has three job openings: office coordinator, news producer and a senior video news producer. Go to our website at democracynow.org and apply immediately.
Some designs i did explore some ideas for a possible steampunk batman cosplay group costume project thing i might be doing with my family. been designing these the last few days and decided to throw some markers on it.
I've designed things semi steampunk for my comic, this is the 1st time ive attempted to do a full steampunk design. so dont know if they conform to the "rules" of steampunk hehe. i primarily designed them to look like the character and then added the steampunk elements instead of vice versa. like having the frowny goggles. i just don't think the big round owl eyes suits batman as i think they loose some of the intimidation factor.
and yes i know, i'm missing some bat family members. im aware of this. just pre-empting the "ooh you left out Red Robin or Black Bat etc etc" i get that i cant do everyone's favourite character... so tough... you wanna see steampunk BatWing etc, go draw it yourself. i get this kind of comments with every group pic i do and they start to grate after a while.
and no...theyre not guns on batman robin and nightwing... those are just holsters for their grapnels.
Cocaine had been blended with plastic to make the suitcases
Police in Chile say they have arrested a woman bound for Spain who was carrying suitcases made from - rather than filled with - cocaine.
Officials pulled the woman aside and decided to search their bags when they acted nervously, reports said.
Their suspicions were further aroused when they found the two bags were heavier than their contents.
The black suitcases were made from a mixture of pure cocaine and plastic and each weighed more than 20 kilos (44lb).
The cocaine, which was later extracted by authorities using a chemical process, was reported to weigh up to 15 kilos.
"In this case, the suitcases were the drug," police inspector Leandro Morales was quoted as saying.
The 24-year-old Argentine woman carrying the bags had stopped in the Chilean capital, Santiago on their way from Argentina to Madrid.
They initially said they were going to visit friends on holiday, but later confessed to smuggling drugs, Mr Morales said.
They would have received a payment of $5,000 (£3,070) if they had delivered the suitcases, they said.
In February, former UFC middleweight Chris Leben and Bellator MMA announced 'The Crippler' would return to mixed martial arts under the auspices of Scott Coker's circular cage. Yet, less than a month later, it was revealed Leben's return to the sport would be shortlived. In pre-fight medical exams, doctors found Leben had a debilitating and dangerous heart condition, prompting Bellator to pass on bringing Leben back.
On Friday, Leben appeared on The Luke Thomas Show on SiriusXM to detail the nature of their physical condition, the struggle to end their physical dependency on prescription medication and more.
Below is a short clip of the interview, followed by a partial transcript of the larger conversation:
What did the doctors find was wrong with your heart?
Basically, I was doing my pre-fight stuff. I failed the EKG, so I took four more, continued to fail as my left ventricle was putting out too much electricity. They did a cardio-ecogram where they went in and actually look. They do an ultrasound of your heart while it's pumping.
Unfortunately, my left ventricle is oversized, misshapen and not pumping correctly. It's pumping at 18 percent, which I'm told is not a good thing.
Have you been feeling symptoms of this before the exam?
You know, that's the crazy thing. I've never felt better. That was the big thing about this comeback was I'm off the Suboxone, I'm off the medications the doctors have been giving me. I'm 100 percent drug, alcohol free and eating healthy. I'm in the gym, I'm beating up all the 20-year-olds. I'm a little leaner than I used to be and I'm back to eating meat again, but that's great for fighting.
I was doing awesome. I would come in in the morning, I'd do jiu-jitsu with Baret Yoshida, then I'd come and do my kickboxing with Vince, then I'd do go over with Andy and do my strength and conditioning, so three hours in the morning and I was back for team practice at night.
So, what are the doctors saying would happen if you kept fighting?
The doctors were like, 'You don't have a problem walking up these stairs?' That's the way they're looking at it. They're blown away that I'm performing the way that I am, that I can do the things I can do with my heart, because it's just not pumping the blood and apparently that's an important thing. It's definitely extremely frustration.
What are they worried about, specifically? Heart attack, heart failure?
Stroke, heart attack, yeah. Heart failure is actually the condition. Basically, my heart is failing. It's got dead tissue on it, it's oversized. There's plethora of reasons this can happen. It happens more commonly to athletes.
They're not saying it's linked to alcohol or anything like that, but my guess is I train my ass off when I'm in the gym. I never miss a day in the gym, but for a long time, I also took advantage of the night life as well. So, I'm kinda burning the candle from both ends for years. I think my heart just couldn't take it.
Is there any way to say there could be genetic factors playing a role?
My uncle had the same heart condition. They had open-heart surgery and everything else. My family has a history of high blood pressure. Everybody has that. There are definitely some genetic factors in there as well.
I believe, after I fought [Mark] Munoz and I tested positive for painkillers, I went to rehab. Well, after I got out of rehab, the doctors put me on a drug called Suboxone. Everybody I know that takes that drug, their blood pressure shoots through the roof.
It wasn't until about 9 months ago I was finally able to quit the drug the doctors gave me, which, by the way, is the hardest drug to come off in the world. You can Google it. It's got a horrible failure rate and it was nightmare coming off of this, but I was able to come off this. I wanted so badly to just be somewhat of an example with the book out and with my new lifestyle comeback, fight, do well and use that to hopefully inspire some people.
Unfortunately, I ran a little too hard for a little too long. I think the Suboxone and training hard on top of it - I was taking it while I was fighting in the UFC - the hard training with that. Your blood pressure's high and when you train, it only gets higher.
What is your long-term prognosis?
I've been to four different cardiologists. One of them was saying, 'You made need a heart transplant. We may need to get you on the list for a heart transplant.'
The other doctor said, 'Well, I think this is attributable to training too hard, but with consumption of alcohol. I think if you never drink again and you take the medicine we're going to give you, you take it easy in the gym, then your heart can somewhat of a recovery.'
Do you think we'll see other fighters as they age see they've damaged their hearts from overuse?
I think so. Let's face it, professional athletics is no not necessarily the most...I would never change anything, how much I've learned. I've grown both mentally, spiritually. I think everything happens for a reason, but with that being said, professional athletics is hard on your body. That's especially if you're fighting.
The huge weight cuts, another thing I did. I blew out my thyroid cutting weight, so I have to take thyroid medication the rest of my life. The huge weight cuts, the insane training you do for MMA. There's not a sport in the world, nobody that trains as hard as we do.
When you push your body to the limit and you're getting ready to go fight in the UFC, Bellator event, it's a tightrope walk between overtraining and not training enough. You want to be the absolute best, but you push everything to the limit. You combine that with a less than healthy lifestyle and I think it's a no brainer. To me, I feel like hopefully with my lifestyle changes, I can make some recovery.
I'm also trying to go the naturopathic route. I'm obviously doing what the doctors tell me, but I'm doing a bunch of extra herbs and supplements. Organic cayenne pepper, I got a whole stack of stuff that I'm on here now. Hopefully with some good energy coming from some other people, me staying diligent on taking care of myself, I hope that I'll be fine.
It's always bothered me when others say, 'I have no regrets'. I don't live with regret, but there are moments in my life I regret. Do you live with regret?
No. No, I don't. My book is out, it's crushing it and I'm getting massive feedback from social media, how many that book has inspired and how many people have changed their lives and have realized for me to do what I did and go through what I've gone through, and the situations I was in - not in the cage, but outside of the cage - the battles that I faced.
What I've been able in some aspect is to give back to society that way. I couldn't go back and change it. I don't think so. Besides that, stepping into the Octagon for a main event at a sold out MGM. That's a feeling not too many people in this world can ever say they've hand anything even close to how powerful that moment is. I wouldn't change anything.
Were you sober before the attempted return to MMA?
I was sober before. Basically I was able with my girlfriend's help - and it was a nightmare, horror story trying to come off Suboxone - but we were able to get me off of that. Every couple of weeks, I'd have a few drinks. I wasn't doing that AA-hardcore route, but certainly I was cleaner than I'd ever been in my life, by far.
I really don't miss it at all. I feel great. I wake up in the morning and there was a time in my life where it'd cost me $100 to feel as good as I feel when I wake up in the morning. Yeah, I feel great.
Suboxone, as I read it, has a high risk of dependency. How hard was it to get off and what'd you have to do it?
I was slowly weening myself down and I would take just enough to get through work, through the day, then I would get back and my girlfriend would sit next to me for the first month. I'd just sit on the bathroom floor and just vomit all night. It's like coming off of heroin, but coming off of heroin lasts three days. Suboxone lasts two months.
Every night, they would take care of me all night while I laid there and she'd have to change the sheets twice a night because the whole bed would be soaked in sweat. I'd be there shivering and shaking. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.
I'm not exaggerating. I feel like I'm a pretty tough guy. It was absolutely terrible.
The Luke Thomas Show airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on SiriusXM 93.
Use A Survey: Blog Owners Can Learn More About Their Target Audience By Asking The Right Questions.
Why use a survey as a blogger? Creating valuable content for your blog can be challenging at times. You may run out of ideas for your blog post content. You may even find that you've fallen into the habit of writing just to please yourself!
By turning to your blog visitors and asking what they want to know more about, you will be providing more value and be more productive. The goal is to have people find your blog a valuable resource that they turn to whenever they need answers in your particular niche. A survey can also help you create new products and services based on the needs of your blog readers, followers, and art buyers.
You will find that by creating a survey and involving your blog readers by asking the right questions, you can uncover challenges your blog readers need help with. You can never know too much about your blog readers and their challenges. The more closely you can identify with your audience and readers, the more you can actually help them and make a difference in their lives. Does that make sense?
There are several ways to create a survey for your blog. Please look these tools over and see which one or two you think seems to fit your comfort level and budget.
Tips To Keep In Mind When Creating A Survey
One thing I've learned over my many years in business is that people love talking about themselves and giving their opinion. A survey is typically a fun activity that most people enjoy participating in.
Personally, I think it shows how much you care about your blog readers by acknowledging that their opinions matter. Doesn't it make you feel valued when you are asked for your opinion?
I consider my readers part of my online family and it really does matter what they each think as we are building something of value for all of us. Most people will love to help you so let them know that their responses truly make a difference.
People are busy, though, so here are some things to keep in mind when creating your survey:
It can provide you with leads. You can include space to collect a respondent's name and email address if you choose, but don't make it mandatory. If people are allowed to remain anonymous, you are likely to get more complete and honest answers. If they do provide you with their name and email address, be sure to thank them for providing this information.
When developing ideas for your form questions, make sure they are created with short easy-to-answer objectives.
Create a survey that's easy to understand and navigate.
Let your respondents know ahead of time the approximate time it will take to complete.
Choose a pleasing clean design.
Give the respondents a way to express their thoughts. Have you ever taken a survey with only multiple choice answers and none of them were quite what you wanted as a response? Make sure they have room to tell you, in complete sentences, what's really on their mind. I think it's fine to have a multiple choice survey and then leave a text box at the end so that your respondents can elaborate any points they wish to. You could also leave empty text or content boxes for each question along with the multiple choice selections.
Don't be in a rush to publish the results. If you post the results too soon, it could influence new respondents who haven't taken the survey yet.
If you choose to send out a survey to your email list, don't forget to test the email to make sure that it is working correctly. It would be very embarrassing to send it out and no one can actually respond to it.
When creating forms, you can choose to show a ‘summary of results' that generates pie charts you can share your results. (Read more on how to create forms below).
Ready to create your survey? Here are some suggestions on how to get started.
Create A Survey For Free With Google
1) If you have a Google Account, log in and create a survey using Google Forms for free.
Go to > Google Docs Forms. Click on the + sign, “Start A New Form.” After it opens, you are able to add any suitable questions directly onto the form template. It also allows you to style your form by adding headers and dividers. You may create a form that results in several pages.
You can learn more about editing your forms by going here.
2) You can also create a free online survey by using Google Docs. Just go to New > More > Forms.
Sign in to your Google Account. Then go to https://drive.google.com/forms to create your new form.
3) Sign into your Google Account. Then go to https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets. You can add a form while working with Google Sheets.
With your spreadsheet open, click Insert > Form. You will see a message notifying you that a new form has been created.
In the message, click “Add questions here” to begin editing your form.
To return to the spreadsheet and dismiss the editing of the form, click “Dismiss.”
When using Google Forms, you can click “ADD OTHER” to give your respondents the option to suggest their own answer instead of having to choose from your multiple choice answers.
To add a new question, just click the “+” sign in the box to the right.
Just repeat until all of your questions are on the form. Keep in mind that if you keep the exercise short, more people will be inclined to complete it. But, the longer it is and more precise, the more detailed information you will receive. Depending on your objectives for creating the survey, you have to decide the length and the time it takes to complete.
Don't forget to check out the settings at the top. (Click the gear icon on the top right). These settings allow you to customize your design, allow your respondents to be able to edit their response after entering it, see summary charts and text responses, and more.
You will then be able to send the form through email, or share in your Newsletter via a link to the form. All for free thanks to Google!
If you want to host the survey on your own site, embed your form into a WordPress Blog Post. Select File from the top menu of the page where you're editing your Google Form. Click “Embed,” then copy and paste the HTML code into the text editor of a page or post on your blog.
Other Tools For Creating Your Survey
1) Some people are not Google Fans. This needsn't deter you from creating a free survey. Many professional bloggers recommend Survey Monkey. I decided it would be valuable to mention it here.
As with other online services, you will find that there is a free version along with premium plans. What can you expect with the free version? By signing up for their free Basic Plan, you will be able to ask up to ten questions and receive up to 100 responses. If your blog is new or is in its early growing stages, this will work for you just fine.
Survey Monkey has over 16 years of science behind the technology that helps gives you confidence. Even if you are a relatively inexperienced blogger, you can create and conduct a survey that can help you achieve the intended results.
You can give the free Basic Plan a try at no risk to see firsthand how the service works. If you plan on doing several surveys a year, a premium plan may be a better option. The Gold Plan, will provide you with unlimited questions and responses for an entire year.
2) If you don't want to use Google Forms or tools, may I suggest that you give Survey Hero a try. Their free Basic Plan has an unlimited number of surveys you can create, an unlimited amount of questions you can ask, and an unlimited amount of responses!
Their list of design choices and features is pretty substantial. You'll be amazed at what you get with a free plan!
FINAL THOUGHTS
You can show your blog readers that you care and that you take your blog seriously by asking them what they want. As I said earlier in this post, you can never know too much about your blog readers.
If you are on a tight budget, there are free ways to conduct your research and obtain the results you desire.
Using a survey you can uncover your reader's challenges, develop new products and services, and provide real value and become their “go to” resource for your particular industry.
Have you ever conducted a survey on your blog? If so, what did you learn from the experience? Please share in the comments below.
Thank YOU for reading my blog! It's a privilege to serve you.
WASHINGTON – The National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE) has launched the Transgender On-campus Nondiscrimination Information (TONI) Project, the nation's first online hub for transgender students to share trans-affirmative college policies and practices, and exchange ideas for organizing and action.
Key features of the site include a searchable database of campus profiles that document a range of campus policies such as housing, records and documentation, healthcare, safety, and curricula.
TONI is accessible to current and prospective students in search of trans-affirmative colleges and universities, and users also have access to a community forum where they can share ideas for taking action.
“With the start of another academic year, the TONI Project is urgently needed,” said Mara Keisling, NCTE Executive Director, in a statement.
“Colleges and universities have always been at the forefront of the progress we've made in trans inclusion. But there are still too many trans college students who have trouble getting to, paying for, and graduating from college.” Keisling added. “That's why NCTE and our allies came together to develop this site and hope it'll go a long way to make the challenges of college life just a little bit easier to overcome.” “Study after study from the National Transgender Discrimination Survey to the Campus Climate Index tells us that trans and gender non-conforming college students face real problems on campus. Fifteen percent leave school because they faced severe harassment. We can't continue to allow trans students to make choices as important as this without having all the information in front of them. And we have to hold colleges accountable for how they treat young people in our community.”
According to the NCTE, the TONI project serves as a tool to counteract those challenges by empowering transgender students to advocate for their rights and complete their education.
As a platform for transgender students to connect and share valuable information, the TONI Project will spread valuable knowledge and encourage activism on campuses across the nation, the NCTE said in a prepared statement.
The site is available at www.transstudents.org.
This Story Filed Under
A far-left group made up of disenchanted Greens members is calling for Australia Day celebrations to be cancelled and national flags to be stolen and burnt.
The radical group, which calls itself Left Renewal, posted a call to arms to its growing following on Facebook ahead of the national public holiday on January 26.
Aboriginal and non-aboriginal supporters were encouraged to spray paint walls and government offices, make spears and steal and burn Australian flags on the day.
A far-left group made up of disenchanted Greens members is calling for Australia Day celebrations to be cancelled
The group, which calls itself Left Renewal, encouraged supporters to erect protest banners
The group, which is made up of disenchanted Greens members, linked to an event hosted by another group named Warriors of the Aboriginal Resistance
The group also suggested erecting protest banners, with slogans like 'F*** Aussie Pride', 'No Pride in Genocide' and 'Burn The Aussie Flag' seen across the page.
Left Renewal linked to an event hosted by another group named Warriors of the Aboriginal Resistance, which proposed 'seven days' of resistance in the lead-up to Australia Day.
NSW Premier Mike Baird condemned the group's plans, the Daily Telegraph reported.
'Australia Day is a day for all Australians. Anybody sets out to disrupt those celebrations, or promote disrespect for our flag, will be unsuccessful,' they said.
Federal Greens leader Richard Di Natale refused to comment on the matter when contacted by the Daily Telegraph.
Labor MP Anthony Albanese told the publication that Left Renewal was 'completely out of touch'.
NSW Premier Mike Baird condemned the group's planned 'seven days of resistance' in the lead-up to Australia Day
DURHAM, N.C. -- In the spring when water temperatures start to rise, rainbow trout that have spent several years at sea traveling hundreds of miles from home manage, without maps or GPS, to find their way back to the rivers and streams where they were born for spawning.
In a study published April 26, 2017 in Biology Letters, researchers have identified genes that enable the fish to perform this extraordinary homing feat with help from Earth's magnetic field.
Generated by the flow of molten metal in its core, the Earth's magnetic field ranges from a mere 25 microteslas near the equator to 65 microteslas toward the poles -- making it more than a hundred times weaker than a refrigerator magnet.
Diverse animal species can detect such weak magnetic fields and use them to navigate. First identified in birds in the 1960s, this sense, called magnetoreception, has since been documented in animals ranging from bees and salamanders to sea turtles.
But despite more than half a century of research, the underlying molecular and cellular machinery remains a mystery.
To work out the genetic basis, Duke University postdoctoral associate Bob Fitak and biology professor Sönke Johnsen and colleagues investigated changes in gene expression that take place across the rainbow trout genome when the animal's magnetic sense is disrupted.
In a basement aquarium on the Duke campus, they randomly scooped up one fish at a time from a tank into a small holding container, and placed the container inside a coil of wire. The coil was connected to a capacitor, which discharged an electric current to create a split-second magnetic pulse inside the coil, about 10 times weaker than the magnetic field generated by an MRI machine in a hospital.
Next the researchers sequenced all the gene readouts, or RNA transcripts, present in the brains of 10 treated fish and 10 controls to find out which genes were switched on and off in response to the magnetic pulse.
Disrupting the fish's internal compass with the magnetic pulse triggered changes in 181 out of the roughly 40,000 genes they examined.
Notably, the brains of treated fish showed increased expression of genes involved in making ferritin, a protein that stores and transports iron inside cells. Treated fish also showed changes in genes involved in the development of the optic nerve.
“The results suggest that the detection system is based on iron that may be connected with or inside the eyes,” Johnsen said.
The findings are consistent with the idea, first proposed nearly 40 years ago, that animals have tiny magnetic particles of an iron-containing compound called magnetite in their bodies. The magnetite particles are thought to act like microscopic compass needles, relaying information to the nervous system by straining or twisting receptors in cells as they attempt to align with the Earth's magnetic field.
“You can think of them as mini magnets that the body's cells can sense,” Fitak said.
Magnetite has been found in the beaks of birds, the brains of sea turtles, the tummies of honeybees, and the nasal passages of rainbow trout. Other studies have even found minuscule amounts of magnetite in the human brain, but recent research suggests most of it comes from air pollution rather than occurring naturally, and it's unclear whether they give humans a subconscious magnetic sense.
The researchers suspect the iron-binding ferritin protein may be involved in repair when the fish's magnetite-based compass is disrupted or damaged.
Next they plan to do similar experiments with other tissues, such as the retina, and additional species that live in the ocean but travel to their freshwater hatching grounds each spring to spawn, such as American shad.
“Scientists don't know what proteins might be involved in magnetite-based magnetoreception, but now we have some candidate genes to work with,” Fitak said.
Other authors include Benjamin Wheeler of Duke, and David Ernst and Kenneth Lohmann of the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.
This research was supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (FA9550-14-1-0208).
CITATION: "Candidate Genes Mediating Magnetoreception in Rainbow Trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)," Robert Fitak, Benjamin Wheeler, David Ernst, Kenneth Lohmann and Sönke Johnsen. Biology Letters, April 26, 2017. http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rsbl.2017.0142
# # #
Liberals Meltdown Over V.P. Pence Cabinet Meeting Remarks Praising Pres. Trump
Liberals had a meltdown reacting to Vice President Mike Pence praise President Donald Trump during a cabinet meeting on Friday for theirs and the administration's major accomplishments this year.
.@POTUS & entire Cabinet were committed to passing the largest tax cut in American history. And because of the President's determination and leadership, the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten no more, and we are Making America Great Again. pic.twitter.com/SxcNw0dTvz — Vice President Mike Pence (@VP) December 20, 2017
Rob Reiner, aka Meathead from All in the Family, lead the pack with their pornographic take, “If you want to see a VP perform falatio (sic) on a POTUS, check out today's cabinet meeting. Just keeping them happy before the hammer comes down.”
If you want to see a VP perform falatio on a POTUS, check out today's cabinet meeting. Just keeping them happy before the hammer comes down. — Rob Reiner (@robreiner) December 20, 2017
Russian dissident Garry Kasparov equated Pence's comments to the Soviets, “Until Trump, I believed that official public spectacles of personal loyalty and nationalism that reminded me of the Stalinism were limited to dictatorships.”
Until Trump, I believed that official public spectacles of personal loyalty and nationalism that reminded me of the Stalinism were limited to dictatorships. https://t.co/gctNDnsfuk — Garry Kasparov (@Kasparov63) December 21, 2017
Former Obama Ambassador to Russia, Michael McFaul, “Wow. Can anyone ever remember another VP delivering such a statement to a president in public? I can't.”
Wow. Can anyone ever remember another VP delivering such a statement to a president in public? I can't https://t.co/jfOmUPjj3h — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) December 21, 2017
Kapsarov and McFaul were replying to author Steve Silberman who wrote, “This Mike Pence “prayer” of thanks to Trump is excruciatingly, stomach-churningly uncomfortable to watch. The ritual submission and exaltation is nearly pornographic. This is not America.”
(Video of Pence's comments embedded in tweet.)
This Mike Pence "prayer" of thanks to Trump are excruciatingly, stomach-churningly uncomfortable to watch. The ritual submission and exaltation is nearly pornographic. This is not America. pic.twitter.com/FN6y2X2K73 — Steve Silberman (@stevesilberman) December 20, 2017
Josh Marshall, Talking Points Memo, “Good Lord, you need to watch this. After Ben Carson's Prayer, Mike Pence actually delivered a prayer of thanks to Trump. Must watch.”
Good Lord, you need to watch this. After Ben Carson's Prayer, Mike Pence actually delivered a prayer of thanks to Trump. Must watch. pic.twitter.com/sAq9OQnQT9 — Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) December 20, 2017
The Washington Post obsessed like Rain Man on how often Pence said positive things about Trump and their administration, “Analysis: In Cabinet meeting, Pence praises Trump once every 12 seconds for three minutes straight”
Analysis: In Cabinet meeting, Pence praises Trump once every 12 seconds for three minutes straight https://t.co/xbz7cPPTaz — The Washington Post (@washingtonpost) December 20, 2017
What Pence was doing was employing a common communications technique. They were speaking live to the American people, using the news media which won't report it, about the tremendous successes of the Trump administration after eleven months in office.
For an actual example of what the liberals are melting down over, one need go no farther back than December 19, 1998 when Vice President Al Gore praised President Bill Clinton in a Rose Garden gathering with Democrat members of congress just minutes after Clinton was impeached for perjury and obstruction of justice by the House of Representatives.
Now that's political fellatio, Meathead.
Brisbane: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday told the G20 leaders that reform has to be driven by the people and cannot be implemented by stealth.
Addressing the gathering of G20 leaders here, the prime minister said that reforms have to be "people-centric and people-driven", according to tweets posted by the ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
"Reform is bound to face resistance... must be insulated from political pressures", they said.
"Reform has to be driven by the people....cannot be by stealth. Globally, reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes, a burden on the people, this needs to change," Modi said.
"Reform is a continuous multi-stage process... must be institutionalized."
"Reforms should lead to simplification of processes... and processes of governance must be reformed," they said.
IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A Chinese developer is planning a 95-story, 760-unit condominium building in Jersey City, officials said Tuesday, in what would become “by far the tallest building in New Jersey.”The firm, China Overseas America, also plans to include 18,000 square feet of commercial and retail space and new public plaza and park space, Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop said in a news release. The 950-foot-tall project would rise at 99 Hudson St., a waterfront site acquired in fall 2013 by a group known as China Construction America Inc. for $70 million.
Fulop said Jersey City's planning board was scheduled to vote Tuesday night on a change to a city redevelopment plan for the site, and the plan would then head to the City Council for approval. The planning board would then vote on final site plan approval, with China Overseas America Inc. anticipating construction to start in late spring.
A project cost was not immediately available.
If completed, it would add to a city that is already home to seven of the state's 10 tallest buildings and is undergoing the biggest construction boom in its history, Fulop said. They said that, in 2014, the Hudson County seat led New Jersey in residential construction starts with more than 6,000 units under construction and another 18,000 approved.
“This is another milestone moment for Jersey City,” Fulop said in a prepared statement. “Our plan here is to continue building a world class skyline and to continue leading the region in job creation with projects like this, and we couldn't be more excited to attract hundreds of millions of dollars of investment into the city.
“This project is going to further put Jersey City on the map.”
The tallest building in New Jersey already is in Jersey City at 30 Hudson St., the home of the 781-foot-tall Goldman Sachs tower. The property known as Trump Plaza, at 532 feet, is the state's tallest residential building and is also in Jersey City.
And in the city's Journal Square section, one of the three towers being developed as part of Kushner Real Estate Group's Journal Squared project is expected to be the second-tallest residential building in the state, behind 99 Hudson.
“We are committed to developing this iconic project on Jersey City's waterfront,” Cindy Xiu, president of China Overseas America Inc., said in a prepared statement. “This is indicative of the continuing growth of Jersey City and the administration's vision to make this best midsized city in America.”
The last large-scale condominium project in Jersey City was Crystal Point, which opened in 2009 with 269 units, the news release said. Since then, development in Jersey City has been marked by an explosion in rental projects tied to its transportation infrastructure and growing population of upwardly mobile young professionals.
ALSO ON NJBIZ:
EDA votes to approve nearly $1 million in incentives for co-working spaces
Is your child getting one of the best educations in the country in N.J.?
Bridge Development plans first major N.J. project
Under the budget proposed by Paul Ryan, federal spending on everything other than Medicare and Social Security would decline over the next 20 years …
(a) from 22% of GDP to 18.5% of GDP
(b) from 22% of GDP to 14.5% of GDP
(c) from 14.5% of GDP to 11.5% of GDP
(d) from 14.5% of GDP to 7% of GDP.
In this week's YouGov survey, 34% of Americans chose (b); 23% chose (a); 15% chose©; only 11% chose the correct answer (as scored by the Congressional Budget Office ), (d). (The remaining 16% declined to hazard a guess.)
In other words,
(1) most people vastly overestimate how much the federal government is currently spending;
(2) a plurality expect the Ryan budget to reduce federal spending in 20 years to the level it is at right now; and
(3) among the minority who have an accurate sense of current spending, most vastly underestimate the magnitude of the cuts Ryan has proposed.
Cross-posted at Model Politics.
Fans of the legendary actor and comedian Robin Williams, who died Monday, turned a bench where Williams and Matt Damon shared a scene in the classic Boston movie “Good Will Hunting'' into a makeshift memorial Monday night, leaving flowers and writing quotes from the film on the ground.
A petition has been created to place a bronze statue of Williams seated at the iconic bench.
An Imgur user uploaded an image of the bench on Monday night:
On Tuesday, people continued to add messages near the bench.
Dozens of people remembering Robin Williams in chalk at the famous Good Will Hunting bench in Boston's Public Garden. pic.twitter.com/poGQMeHpkf — Andrea Shea (@asheaarts) August 12, 2014
Robin Williams Memorial at Good Will Hunting Bench in Boston Public Garden @universalhub pic.twitter.com/KrAs3LZ2Yj — Hedge (@Hedge76) August 12, 2014
Memorial for Robin Williams continues to grow at the Good Will Hunting bench in the Boston Garden. (pic @shdonovan19) pic.twitter.com/3oRxwIN5Bs — BostonTweet (@BostonTweet) August 12, 2014
Bostonians have descended on the #GoodWillHunting bench at Boston Public Garden leaving msgs. (via @shdonovan19) pic.twitter.com/ogKSt5PJGf — Only In Boston (@OnlyInBOS) August 12, 2014
More flowers, chalk now at the Public Garden "Good Will Hunting" bench. Via @jtl62785 on IG: http://t.co/gacs96iOEm pic.twitter.com/tKFjiXlVyn — The Boston Calendar (@TheBostonCal) August 12, 2014
The Boston Public Garden bench, of course, was the setting of this famous scene from the Oscar-winning 1997 film:
Poly 101 Lessons for life: Effective Communication March 10, 2012
Posted by shaunphilly in Culture and Society Tags: effective communication
The skills we need to be successfully be polyamorous are nothing more than skills to be better people all around. For a series on what polyamory has taught me about being a better person, I want to address how they are also important in non-poly circumstances.
One of the most essential things a person needs to do in order to successfully maintain a polyamorous set of relationships is to become better at communication.
This means not only saying what you think, communicating concerns and appreciation, and listening, but also making sure that you do these things effectively. You need to do your best to not merely do enough, but to make sure that what it is you are communicating is understood by the hearer. Otherwise why communicate at all?
And this goal of effective communication has obvious uses everywhere, although applying the necessary tools for such are different within relationships than they are in general. In an intimate relationship, for example, you know a fair bit (hopefully) about your interlocutor, and so this is easier than communicating with co-workers, aquaintences, or strangers. Communicating with the public at large (like most of our readers!) is perhaps one of the hardest things to do with complete effectiveness due to our lack of familiarity with the audience and their points of view.
When I compose my thoughts for a post, I have to consider the way many kinds of people will read the ideas I am trying to convey. There are readers here who are monogamous skeptics, polyamorous spiritual-but-not-religious people, and even many people of faith who will disagree with just about everything I say.
As a result of these considerations, I have to try and make points in a way that will communicate the idea I want to be read for the largest possible audience, knowing that despite this effort many people will not quite understand my point of view no matter how clearly I try to communicate.
This problem of mis-communication has been a challenge for much of the atheist community over the last several years. If I had known, back before the publication of The End of Faith or The God Delusion what types of challenges the small and young community would go through with issues such as new atheists/accommodationsts, privilege/minority atheists, and how many in-fighting splits would occur, perhaps we could have avoided some of the mis-communication snafus and be less divided now as a community.
Probably not, but it's a nice thought.
In many cases I don't think the ultimate points of disagreement which exist in the movement could be avoided, as they are endemic to the differences in people rather than mere points of confusion (accommodationism is, perhaps, a good example of this). And in other cases, knowing how things turned out, there are people out there who might have avoided some comment, term, or line of argument had they known what would happen. And undoubtedly some would change nothing of what they did.
And no, the attempt at constructing effective communication is not the same as accommodationism. The goal is not to change wording to avoid offense or direct criticism for the sake of tone. Rather, it means avoiding miscommunication of the strident and blunt points we wish to make by ensuring that the word choices we make do not get taken a completely different way than they are intended.
Because it sucks when you craft a message with the intent to make a harsh point, and have it backfire because something else was interpreted.
Consider the recent issue with the PA-Nonbelievers billboard (pictured above) which was taken to mean, by some, something very different than what it was intended to convey. By all means, follow that link for the details of the issue, but essentially the question is whether the billboard, as it appeared (before it was vandalized after being up for one day), was racist. And although it was not intended that way (I know quite a few of the people from PAN, and I have no indication of racism on the part of those who created the image), being that much of central Pennsylvania (Pennsyltucky, we sometimes call it) is pretty racist, the billboard could easily be mistaken for a very different intended purpose.
BTW, it's purpose was to respond to the Year of the Bible legislation in PA by showing how immoral the Bible is, using its advocacy of slavery as the vehicle for such an observation. It simply did not occur (I'm guessing. I don't know for sure) to those at PAN that it would be taken as an endorsement of slavery non-ironically. Slavery is abhorrent (think most Christians), Christians loves their Bibles, and Bibles condone slavery.
Instead, some saw the billboard as racist, the ambiguity of the message left many people confused and irritated.
The fact that this snafu of miscommunication occurred demonstrates that the importance of effective communication is not only essential, but it is quite hard. Just like, while having an argument with a loved one, sometimes the best-intended statement can be taken quite badly due to a different parsing of the words or even due to some semantic diversion by speaker and listener, the general public will often misunderstand what we atheist activists (or at least proponents) have to say about religion and faith.
Now, there are many sources, both online and otherwise, for learning about how to effectively communicate. A simple Googling of the term will find you quite a bit about the many techniques and guidelines that can help, and so my outlining them for you here would be redundant.
But the general message I want to convey here to people of any persuasion is that in many cases our conversations, whether they are debates, disagreements, or shouting matches with people being wrong (on the internet or otherwise) , we need to keep in mind how we are presenting our case and what pitfalls might interfere with our goals.
By all means, express your indignation for whatever idea you disagree with. Don't hold back your opinion, but make sure it is communicated in a way that will not be read as something that it is not.
And remember to listen. Listening is perhaps the most important skills in effective communication, and it is clear that we need to listen to whatever feedback we receive. In many cases, this does include keeping your eye on the general public's views on what you will communicate about, which usually entails reading blogs of those who are theists or defenders of monogamy in many cases, for me.
That said, I want your feedback here at polyskeptic on any and all posts. we want to know how well we are communicating with you. If we can do a better job at communicating our point of view, we want to know how we can do so.
Advertisements
This is my second year doing Secret Santa and this year exceeded all of my expectations. Last year was good, but this year was incredible!
As always, I wrote my essay-long description of myself and all of my favorites. including traveling, Suicide Squad, The Big Bang Theory, and my infatuation with corgis. I even mentioned my recent trip to California and much to my surprise, my gifter messaged me saying they were from California, and had a corgi!! It honestly couldn't have been a better match.
After much anticipation on my end, I finally got my present today and IT. IS. AMAZING! The Harley Quinn pop figure is going to find a permanent place on shelf. And the corgi shirt! The only indication I've given to anyone that I have an immense love for corgis is just my continuous blabber about them but now I can show my love off to everyone!
And finally, the SCREENPLAY! My gifter had hinted at show memorabilia but this definitely exceeded anything I had thought of. An actual screenplay from the show? How could anyone beat that?! I don't think there are enough words to explain how incredibly happy that gift made me, let alone all the others they got! I've forgotten how great it is to truly be surprised and this was just so fantastic.
I cannot thank my gifter enough for such an incredible and thoughtful gifts, and I hope they know that I'm so incredibly thankful! Merry Christmas everyone!
198
I've been using this recipe for years and it's still one of our favorites. The only thing we do differently is cook the chicken in the italian dressing at a low heat (275 degrees) for 2 or 3 ho...
I have never made italian chicken like this before. I always bake my chicken while it is still in the marinade, it makes it MUCH more juicy and flavorful..and I usually spoon some of the marinad...
Stephanie 3 3
I've been using this recipe for years and it's still one of our favorites. The only thing we do differently is cook the chicken in the italian dressing at a low heat (275 degrees) for 2 or 3 ho... Read more
Sarah Marie 53 8
This is the easiest and most delicious chicken recipe!!! I make it for my roommates at least once a week, it is one of their favorites!! Before marinating the chicken I make sure to poke holes ... Read more
SallyLou 1 12
I've made this oodles of times and it's a basic no fail recipe. I do as someone else recommended and pierce the chicken with a fork. I use a 2 1/2 lb. bag of boneless skinless chicken breasts an... Read more
KitchenMama88 94 31
I have never made italian chicken like this before. I always bake my chicken while it is still in the marinade, it makes it MUCH more juicy and flavorful..and I usually spoon some of the marinad... Read more
LOSTAZURE 325 22
This is such an easy and flavorful main course. I dredged the chicken in bread crumbs after removing it from the marinade and then baked it. It turned out great. Read more
BONNIE WOODRING 0 1
I add whole or halved mushrooms to marinate with the chicken. They explode with flavor in your mouth! Read more
GIB103 0 6
I couldn't believe how good this was after only using two ingredients! Definetely marinate the chicken for 2 hours +. Read more
Jillian 6k 2k
It doesn't get much easier than this. I cut the recipe in half and used Kraft light italian dressing. I pounded the chicken down thin and added a couple tablespoons of olive oil, some rosemary,... Read more
The City of Brotherly Love will continue to be a staple in the annual Army vs. Navy rivalry, as it was announced Monday that Philadelphia will host the matchup in four of the next five seasons.
"Philadelphia is synonymous with the Army-Navy game, so it is fitting that we are playing at Lincoln Financial Field for four of the next five matchups," Army athletic director Boo Corrigan said in a statement. "We look forward to continuing the relationship with the city of Philadelphia and creating more memories for America's Game."
The 2018, 2018, 2020, and 2022 seasons will see the contest played in Philadelphia, while the 2021 game will take place at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey, according to Paul Myerberg of USA Today.
Philadelphia has hosted the Army-Navy game 86 out of 117 times, and the 2017 affair will mark the 11th time that Lincoln Financial Field is the home stadium.
Navy leads the all-time series 60-50-7, and is 12-0 at Lincoln Financial Field, including 2-0 against Temple to complement the 10 wins versus Army.
Terrorists attacked the EDI building in Jammu and Kashmir's Pampore. (AFP photo)
Highlights Government building on outskirts of Srinagar under attack Same building was targeted in February Terrorists are inside, firing continues, 1 army jawan injured
Soldiers have been locked in a standoff with terrorists in Pampore. (PTI)
An encounter with a group of terrorists who are hiding inside a government institute in Pampore, 15 km from Srinagar, has stretched for well over a day. Explosions and gunshots are being heard regularly from within and around the building, used to offer vocational training to young Kashmiris.An army soldier was injured in the initial firing yesterday. Terrorists have not fired at the forces since then, possibly with the intent of luring soldiers inside, officials said (the information being shared here is delayed so as not to jeopardize the security forces fighting the terrorists).Officials said the encounter has stretched on because the building offers a "bunker-like" protection to the terrorists. Seemingly well-stocked in ammunition and supplies, they have demonstrated a willingness to prolong the operation.There are no hostages, sources said, because classes have been suspended for more than three months because of the unrest in the state that began with the killing of 22-year-old terrorist Burhan Wani.The terrorists entered the building in saffron-rich Pampore at 6.30 am on Monday. The same institute had been targeted in a major attack in February. Five soldiers and a civilian were killed then; three terrorists were shot dead.Units of the army's Special Forces, paramilitary soldiers and counterinsurgency police encircled the building in the sprawling compound last morning.Sources said that terrorists who broke into the institute in the morning approached the campus on the outskirts of Srinagar through boats on the River Jhelum, which flows from Kashmir into Pakistan . According to the police, the terrorists then set sections of the Entrepreneurship Development Institute (EDI) hostel building on fire to lure security forces. When they arrived, a major gunbattle broke out."We are confident of neutralising the terrorists as soon as possible," an army officer supervising the operation said. Intel agencies have been warning of terror attacks in retaliation for the surgical strikes conducted by India across the Line of Control two weeks ago. Soldiers raided staging areas in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir where terrorists were waiting to cross the border and attack major cities, the army has said.
By |
When word came around that Joss Whedon and their cohorts were developing a S.H.I.E.L.D TV series, many questions came about. Would it feature characters from the film's? Would it introduce Marvel characters from the comic book? Would every episode end with the entire cast breaking down what they learned that day well eating sweet, sweet shawarma? Well that question still hasn't been answered yet (when will you return my letters, Joss?!), we have some confirmation of what we can expect the Characters in S.H.I.E.L.D. will be. And just like Joss previously said, all the regulars seem to be characters new to the Marvel Universe. BUT ARE THEY?!
Yes..they are.
The character descriptions come courtesy of TVLine, although you probably shouldn't take these as anything more than base descriptions. Names, details, relationships, and more could change before filming actually begins on the pilot (it wouldn't be the first time). But here's how the cast list looks to be at this point:
Skye: This late-20s woman sounds like a dream: fun, smart, caring and confident – with an ability to get the upper hand by using their wit and charm. Agent Grant Ward: Quite the physical specimen and “cool under fire,” they sometimes botch interpersonal relations. He's a quiet one with a bit of a temper, but he's the kind of guy that grows on you. Agent Althea Rice: Also known as “The Calvary,” this hard-core soldier has crazy skills when it comes to weapons and being a pilot. But their experiences have left them very quiet and a little damaged. Agent Leo Fitz and Agent Jemma Simmons: These two came through training together and still choose to spend most of their time in each other's company. Their sibling-like relationship is reinforced by their shared nerd tendencies – they deal with biology and chemistry, he's a whiz at the technical side of weaponry.
So yup…everything seems to represented here. The tough guy with a temper. The emotionally scared badass. The seemingly perfect hero who can more than handler herself. And of course the awesome nerds, who'll probably be quipping away with all the funny Whedon jokes. Yeah, things look real familiar things for Whedon fans. But honestly, that's not such a bad thing. Even though a lot of their characters have things in common, Whedon has a way of embedding them with special little quirks that make them all seem distinct from one another. And most of the time they are all very well defined and fun to hang out with on a weekly basis, something TV shows have a huge problem with now a days (looking at you, Revolution and The Walking Dead). So yes, this cast list is familiar…but still perfect.
What do you think? Are you excited to see these characters come to life on the small screen. And more important—who should play them?
-Matthew
Researcher To Demo Spy-Phone At Black Hat
Using the ability to inject malicious code into applications on Android devices, a researcher will demonstrate at Black Hat how to create the infrastructure to spy on mobile users
Security researchers have warned that mobile phones could easily be made into surveillance devices that can track users, record audio and video of their surroundings, and eavesdrop on their communications. Now one researcher plans to show off a proof-of-concept program at the Black Hat Security Briefings this summer that can compromise a phone and turn it into just such an eavesdropping platform.
The program, created by researchers at network security firm Kindsight, essentially turns any Android phone into a compromised bot, allowing the attacker to eavesdrop on communications, track location, download personal information and take pictures without the victim's knowledge. In addition, the researchers will show how they developed the architecture of the eavesdropping software and ways that it can be easily added as a Trojan Horse to any mobile app.
"This is a demonstration, a proof-of-concept malware," says Kevin McNamee, security architect and director of Kindsight's Security Labs. "We use this as a way to show the capabilities of the malware and show how dangerous cyberespionage can be."
While only a small fraction of U.S. mobile users are impacted by malware, spyware makes up a large portion of the pantheon of mobile threats. As of March 2013, almost two out of every 10 malicious mobile applications qualifies as spyware, according to Juniper Networks' Mobile Threat Center. The company classifies any program that captures and transfer sensitive data on the phone without notifying the user as spyware.
[A spate of research into mobile devices as sensor platforms has shown that compromised smartphones can be turned into insiders -- eavesdropping on phone calls, 'shoulder-surfing' for passwords, or looking around an office. See Mobile Trojans Can Give Attackers An Inside Look.]
In its Third Annual Mobile Threats Report, Juniper described a current threat that could easily be used for espionage by its operators. Known as NotCompatible, the malware turns an Android phone into a compromised node on a botnet, allowing an attacker to gain insider access to a corporate network.
"It is important to note the complexity of these threats varies significantly depending on the sophistication of the attacker," says Michael Callahan, vice president of global security-product marketing at Juniper Networks. "The most complex attacks are capable of leveraging the device to probe into the broader corporate network, while others simply monitor activities on the device."
In the Kindsight demonstration, the researchers will not show off any novel ways of compromising a device, instead relying on a standard phishing attack to convince the victim to install a fake application. However, by creating a trojanized application, the attacker could easily fool the target, if they can convince the victim to install an application from a place other than the Google Play Store.
"We can take an application from Google Play, open it up, take it apart, and put this spy-phone service into that application," Kindsight's McNamee says.
The current incarnation of DroidWhisper uses Web-based command-and-control communications to send data and receive instructions from a server on the Internet. However, it could be programmed to exchange information via short message service (SMS) text messaging.
The company stopped short of adding aggressive reconnaissance functionality, McNamee says. By installing network utilities, a phone could be used as a portable network scanner, finding vulnerabilities in corporate networks and infecting additional systems.
"There are some things that we have not taken to the logical extreme," McNamee says. "That is a little bit too over the top."
Companies worried about attackers using employees' mobile devices as eavesdropping platforms should focus on two defensive measures. Inspecting network traffic for signs of malicious traffic can help pinpoint malware that sneaks into a network. And host-based defenses could detect when malware attempts to spread.
"When these personal devices connect to the corporate network, it's vital that companies also implement secure access controls that can limit the privileges of these devices," says Juniper's Callahan. "These solutions also provide a way to control the types of devices connecting to the network by identifying device type, checking the device's security posture and then enforcing secure access controls and policies."
Have a comment on this story? Please click "Add Your Comment" below. If you'd like to contact Dark Reading's editors directly, send us a message. Veteran technology journalist of more than 20 years. Former research engineer. Written for more than two dozen publications, including CNET News.com, Dark Reading, MIT's Technology Review, Popular Science, and Wired News. Five awards for journalism, including Best Deadline ... View Full Bio
Carrie L. Carmody, the current Orange County Grand Jury foreperson, made a lone strategically brilliant move today at a press conference announcing the panel's finding in the ongoing jailhouse snitch scandal: Carmody refused to give reporters a copy of the report until after she'd finished taking questions.
Keeping summoned journalists in the dark for more than 45 minutes was wise given its laughable title, “The Myth of the Orange County Jailhouse Informant Program,” and a more unintentionally hilarious, 28-page, hagiographic, middle-school-civics-class-quality portrait of District Attorney Tony Rackauckas and Sheriff Sandra Hutchens, who've been, she'd have us believe, victims of “a witch-hunt.”
After spending almost a year chatting in secret mostly with prosecutors and deputies about the law enforcement scandal, grand jury members and Carmody asserted the panel strenuously dug for evidence that officers violated a well-established U.S. Supreme Court ruling (Massiah v. USA) by illegally employing informants against pre-trial government targets and couldn't find a single example.
“That narrative [of a scandal] does not stand up to factual validation,” the report states.
According to Carmody—who specialized in survey research, grant writing and marketing after working at T.J. Maxx, Woolworth, Inc., and Bed, Bath and Beyond—Superior Court Judge Thomas M. Goethals, the California Court of Appeal, esteemed Cal State Berkeley law school dean Erwin Chemerinsky, Assistant Public Defender Scott Sanders, retired prosecutors around the nation and veteran courthouse reporters got it wrong, “unfortunately” causing an “erosion of trust in the criminal justice system.”
Despite all the detailed evidence reported in the Weekly and other news outlets since 2014, Carmody reasoned that if Hutchens had operated a secretive, unethical program employing snitches to help prosecutors win tainted convictions, they would have maintained and willingly shared files of those activities, like a “calendaring of events” or “a strategic plan” or “schedule for jailhouse informants.”
The foreperson stated that if there were any problems, they were minor and involved “rogue deputies,” which echoes the sheriff's latest public relations spin.
Would it surprise you to know Carmody wasn't ready to defend their assertions when confronted with facts?
Taking the first question, I asked them if they knew the DA's office a year ago abandoned assertions this grand jury was making to downplay the scandal.
“You understand that?” I asked. “And you also understand that last June the district attorney's office, Assistant DA Dan Wagner, wrote a letter belying everything you just told us: that there was a huge problem [with informants]; that there was an informant program; that it was active and [the deputies'] were doing ‘capers'? How do you rationalize what you just told us with that letter from the DA's office?”
Foreperson, who wanted reporters to tell our readers that they have a Ph.D. in Psychology & Social Behavior, responded, “You would have to talk to Dan Wagner about why they did what they did.”
“But you are coming to us and telling us that [the scandal] is a myth; don't you owe us an explanation about that letter? How do you square your findings with that letter?”
“We cannot find evidence of the notion of [an informant] program in the Orange County jails.”
“So, the district attorney's office was wrong in that letter?”
“I'm not going to speak to Dan Wagner's letter, no.”
In the end, Carmody's report found an appropriate resting place:
Microsoft's touch-focused Windows 8 operating system is pushing a new form factor for devices: the tablet-notebook hybrid – or, as Gadget Lab likes to refer to it, the "laplet." These sliding, folding, twisting, clicking contraptions look like notebooks but double as tablets. Or the other way around. You get the idea.
The question is whether these devices address a real need in the marketplace and will catch on with consumers, or they simply do two things poorly and will become this year's netbooks.
“I do believe the convertibles have the ability to draw consumer attention,” IHS iSuppli analyst Craig Stice says. “The question of course will boil down to price with these new convertibles and how competitive they will be able to be versus the tablet.”
Think about these devices as being on a spectrum between full-on tablet, like the iPad, and a straight laptop. Microsoft is entering closer to the tablet end of the spectrum – and in a big way – with Surface, which elegantly incorporates some laptop form and functionality with an attachable keyboard and fairly advanced PC operating system with Windows RT. As my colleague Mat Honan points out, the company is reinventing the tablet with Surface RT.
But move a little further toward the desktop world and you'll see that with Windows 8, Microsoft and its partners are also trying to reinvent the laptop. Windows 8 itself is a huge departure from previous versions of the operating system. Where Apple loads its iPads and iPhones with the same mobile operating system and its Macs with a separate desktop OS, Microsoft is taking a different strategy. With Windows 8, the company has decided to group the desktop and tablet on one OS and leave only the smartphone running on the mobile-only Windows Phone 8 OS.
But even on the desktop Windows 8 also leans toward mobile functionality with the touch-friendly Start Screen. In this world, it makes sense that tablets and laptops might share one form factor; hence, the laplet.
Companies like HP, Dell, Lenovo, Sony, Acer, Samsung, Toshiba, and Asus have all started pushing into this new category of convertible devices. In recent months we've seen a variety of laplets like Lenovo's 360-degree folding IdeaPad Yoga convertible, which looks like a traditional notebook until you fold the screen all the way back so that the rear of the screen rests flush against the bottom of the device and, voila, it's a tablet. There's also Dell's spinning XPS 12, which has a screen that can rotate in its frame, to face either inward like a notebook or outward like a tablet. Both seem well thought out and even highly practical, but they will cost $1,000 and $1,200 respectively – too expensive for consumers who might be approaching these from a tablet state of mind. And those coming from the notebook market have to consider the risk of investing the same amount of money into an unfamiliar category.
“Hybrid devices will not drive the overall growth [of the PC market] as long as the price point is higher than the $700 range,” Gartner analyst Mikako Kitagawa told Wired. “When the price drops below $700, it will start picking up.”
Beyond Lenovo and Dell, other manufacturers are also struggling to figure out what "convertible" really looks like and means. Sony's take, the Duo 11, is a sliding option that very closely resembles Intel's Cove Point reference design. The screen can slide up to reveal a keyboard or back down to be used as a tablet. But early reviews of the device have dinged it for making too many compromises in both modes, especially in how the keyboard affects overall practicality. And the Duo 11 starts at a high-end $1,100.
One company we won't see a laplet from anytime soon is Apple, which has been especially critical of hybrid devices. “Anything can be forced to converge,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said during an investor call in April. “But the problem is that products are about trade-offs, and you begin to make trade-offs to the point where what you have left doesn't please anyone. You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user.”
It's clear, however, that Microsoft believes in the laplet at least for the sake of consumer choice. For the past year, since announcing Windows 8, Microsoft has said that the operating system is optimized for mobile devices like tablets, laptops and convertibles. The company included convertibles in the mix before most manufacturers had committed to making them. And Microsoft has featured several laplets on its official Building Windows 8 blog. "The innovation and breadth of PCs for Windows 8 is phenomenal, with all-in-ones, traditional notebooks now with touch, convertibles that enable new usage scenarios and tablets," Microsoft told Wired in a statement. "There really is a Windows 8 PC for everyone."
Intel, which has been pushing convertibles, also touts the benefits of the two-in-one devices. The company announced in September that it has already altered its 2013 roadmap and plans to help OEMs make even thinner, lighter and more varied hybrid devices starting in 2013. And Intel recently conducted a customer survey in which it let let people use five different devices – an all-in-one desktop PC with touch, a clamshell notebook with touch, a convertible with touch, a touch tablet, and an notebook without touch. The company found that while 75 percent chose the clamshell notebook as their device of choice, 44 percent also said that they would want a convertible, indicating consumer interest.
"We think that a convertible done right is going to give people a good blend of capabilities," Intel's director of ultrabook marketing Karen Regis told Wired. "What we've seen is that it's very appealing to a lot of consumers, we think there's a play for business as well." Regis pointed out that most convertibles will not fall in the tablet price range but that there will be plenty of choices in various prices for consumers.
And Intel's bets are on the laplet. "We think that this could be an inflection point," Regis said. "We think touch is going to be important. It's going to ramp up quickly in the PC space and that's why Intel has gone out and secured capacity beyond the forecasted need."
Even if the laplet category ultimately fails to catch on, though, it and Windows 8 are unquestionably driving change in what was becoming a slightly moribund PC space.
“It will create a good atmosphere in the consumer PC market," says Kitagawa. "It shows innovation, regardless of consumers' actual purchase intentions.”
Australian gold mines could recover more of the precious metal following the deployment of an x-ray technique that rapidly and accurately detects gold in ore samples.
Working with Canadian company Mevex, CSIRO (Australia's national science office) has conducted a pilot study that shows that gamma-activation analysis (GAA) offers the advantage of speed and accuracy over chemical analysis methods.
GAA works by scanning mineral samples – typically weighing around half a kilogram – using high-energy x-rays that activate any gold in the sample. The activation is then picked up using a sensitive detector.
According to project leader Dr James Tickner, CSIRO's study showed that this method is two-to-three times more accurate than the standard industry technique ‘fire assay', which requires samples to be heated up to 1200°C.
‘The big challenge for this project was to push the sensitivity of GAA to detect gold at much lower levels – well below a threshold of one gram per tonne,' they said in a statement.
Last year, Australia produced over A$10bn worth of gold. Even if GAA only led to a five per cent improvement in recovery, that would be worth half a billion dollars annually to the industry.
Tickner said that a gold processing plant may only recover between 65 and 85 per cent of gold present in mined rock. Given a typical plant produces around A$1bn of gold each year, this means hundreds of millions of dollars worth of gold is going to waste.
‘Our experience suggests that better process monitoring can help reduce this loss by about a third,' they said.
Tickner said that the other major benefit of GAA is that it is easily automated, allowing for much quicker analysis of ore samples.
‘Fire assay usually involves sending samples off to a central lab and waiting several days for the results. Using GAA we can do the analysis in a matter of minutes, allowing companies to respond much more quickly to the data they're collecting.'
‘A compact GAA facility could even be trucked out to remote sites for rapid, on-the-spot analysis.'
Another advantage of GAA is that it is more sustainable as, unlike fire assay, it doesn't require the use of heavy metals such as lead. It is also adaptable.
‘While most of the work we've done has been based on the gold industry, the technique can be modified for other valuable commodities such as silver, lead, zinc, tin, copper and the platinum group metals.'
Now that the research team has proved the effectiveness of the technique, their next goal is to partner with local and international companies in order to get a full-scale analysis facility up and running in Australia. They hope to achieve this within the next two years.
ST PETERSBURG, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Friday they accepted the United States was probably still the world's sole superpower and they were ready to work with whoever won the presidency, but didn't want to be told how to live by Americans.
Putin's comments follow a rocky period in U.S.-Russia relations, which have been undermined by disagreements over issues such as Ukraine and Syria.
Putin reiterated criticism of what they said was the misguided role of the United States in Ukraine's affairs and said they opposed what they cast as U.S. efforts to prevent Russia repairing its relations with the European Union.
But they had some positive words too.
“America is a great power - today probably the only superpower. We accept that,” Putin said at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum. “We want to and are ready to work with the United States.”
Asked about Donald Trump, Putin appeared to play down positive comments they had made about the Republican contender in the past, saying those had been misinterpreted.
In December, Putin described Trump as “very flamboyant”, “very talented” and “an absolute leader in the presidential race”.
Those comments, along with warm words from Trump about Putin, have fueled speculation the Kremlin would be pleased to see Trump in the White House.
But on Friday Putin said they had only described Trump as “flamboyant”.
“He is, isn't he?” said Putin with a smile. “I did not give any other assessment of him.”
Putin said they welcomed Trump's desire to restore U.S.-Russia ties. “What's wrong with that?” Putin asked, drawing applause from the audience.
They appeared keen however to hedge Russia's bets by avoiding the impression they were taking sides, and also emphasized their “warm relations” with former U.S. President Bill Clinton, whose wife Hillary is running for the White House.
Russian President Vladimir Putin delivers a speech during a session of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2016 (SPIEF 2016) in St. Petersburg, Russia, June 17, 2016. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
Putin said they were grateful for the attention and respect Bill Clinton had shown to Russia and Putin personally.
They had less to say about Hillary Clinton though, saying they had never worked with them directly.
Pity the Indian middle class! So united in its quests and aspirations, but almost always bitterly disunited over ideas of politics. It is the inherently fractious nature of this class that pulls it in different directions, willy-nilly breeding disappointment among sections of it and pitting them against popular movements, even those its members spearhead or in which it is invested heavily.
The fragmented nature of the middle class will inevitably turn sections of it against the Aam Aadmi Party, which sprang from an anti-corruption movement that they conceived, organised and supported in large numbers. There is already a growing murmur in some segments of the middle class against the AAP government's decisions and conduct of its leaders. And they seem unforgiving.
In qualifying words such as “segments” and “sections” lies the catch: the middle class may agree on the problems facing the country, but never on their solutions. That is undoubtedly democratic, testifying to India's much-celebrated argumentative spirit.
Or is it that there is another story underlying the sharp disagreements among members of the middle class over contentious political issues? It is possible the middle class opinion gets fragmented because it reflects the reality of its composition – that it is riven with deep divisions, economically, socially, culturally – and therefore, politically as well.
Perhaps the problem is analytical, arising from the method employed to categorize the middle class. No doubt, it is a sound proposition to band a category of people on the basis of income-range and call them middle class. But it isn't a sound idea to assume a shared class position will necessarily lead them to harbour common ideas about politics – or society and culture, for that matter. To believe the economic position of a person determines all their or their attitudes is as Marxist in approach as that of those who self-avowedly belong to this school.
Indeed, the theory of economic determinism glosses over the sheer heterogeneity of the Indian middle class, which is said to have doubled over the last ten years. Partly, this heterogeneity is inherent in the income bandwidth invoked to categorize the middle class. The National Council of Economic Research (NCAER) divides the middle class into two – seekers with annual household income between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 5 lakh, and strivers with annual household income between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 10 lakh at 2001-2002 prices. On the basis of these figures, the Indian middle class is variously estimated to range from 70 million to 153 million.
It would be erroneous to presume a unity in intent and action between a household earning Rs 2 lakh a year and another Rs 10 lakh a year, that is, between a household earning a little over Rs 17000 a month and another around Rs 83,000 a month. This is because the two will necessarily inhabit two different worlds. For instance, the neighbourhood they live in, the civic facilities they have access to, the schools their children go to, the degree of influence they can wield over the system, and the nature of problems they encounter in their daily lives. Different experiences foster varying perceptions about the problems and their solutions. Might it not be fallacious, then, to believe that a middle class, palpably diverse even economically, will necessarily adopt a common political outlook?
Income aside, the spatial spread of the middle class militates against it having common attitudes. A middle class person in a mofussil town, barring exceptions, will perceive politics differently from their or their counterpart in a metro. Nor should we ignore the possibility of caste or religious or linguistic identities inducing differences in political choices of two persons sharing the same class position. Really, is it inconceivable to imagine a Dalit middle class vote another way than their or their class brethren from upper caste?
The contradictions besetting the middle class are reflected in its responses to the AAP government. For instance, the subsidy offered on power and water has enthused those constituting the lower layers of the middle class, but alienated its upper segment. Partly, it is because this measure is in violation of the economic philosophy this segment espouses. But it might also be because it doesn't stand to benefit from a subsidy that is linked to consumption, unlikely as this group of people would be to reform their profligate ways.
Similarly, anecdotal accounts suggest the anti-corruption helpline has helped bolster support for AAP in the lower layers of the middle class. This group reels under the extortionist demands of petty officials and police; its members lack the necessary influence, or are not sufficiently networked into the system, to have their legitimate rights enforced without paying bribes. But this measure, quite understandably, has also alienated those who benefit from a venal system – yes, petty officials and constables who too constitute the lower layers of the middle class. It will, in the long run, inevitably turn owners of, say, small-scale industrial units and commercial establishments who grease the palms of inspecting officials to condone their flouting of rules.
Even more interesting a study is the schism in the upper segments of the middle class to the undeniable vigilantism of Delhi law minister Somnath Bharti, who led residents from their constituency to mount pressure on a house allegedly running a prostitute-and-drug racket. The conservative segment in the upper middle class believes the police was guilty of the original sin, as it persistently refused to heed to the demands of residents to crackdown on drug and prostitution in the area. It wasn't even willing to concede that Bharti hadn't subscribed to the due process of law, that the residents might have been guilty of racial profiling, and that they sought to impose their notions of cultural values on Africans. The liberals in this segment took a contrarian view, stridently critical of AAP for tacitly endorsing patriarchy and fostering the culture of khap-like vigilantism.
As AAP grows wings and wants to fly around the country to fight the election, these faultlines in the middle class are likely to intensify even further. It will inevitably coax the AAP to forage other social bases for sustenance, through policy formulations that would splinter the middle class even further. But then, it can be argued that the existing definition of what is the middle class needs revision.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
CLOSE Former White House press secretary James Brady, who was severely wounded during the 1981 assassination attempt on President Reagan, has died at age 73. They became an advocate for gun control, leading a campaign that bears their name. VPC
James Brady is pushed by White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton during their visit at the White House on June 16, 2009. (Photo: File photo by Alex Wong, Getty Images)
Former White House press secretary James Brady, who survived a bullet wound to the head during the 1981 assassination attempt on President Reagan and went on to lead the gun-control campaign that bears their name, has died at age 73, their family said Monday.
A statement from the family cited "a series of health issues" for the longtime government and political spokesperson who was paralyzed during the attack more than three decades ago.
"Over the years, Jim inspired so many people as they turned adversity into accomplishment," the family said in the statement.
President Obama said that Brady became "a legend at the White House for their warmth and professionalism as press secretary for President Reagan; for the strength they brought to bear in recovering from the shooting that nearly killed them 33 years ago; and for turning the events of that terrible afternoon into a remarkable legacy of service."
Current White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Brady "really revolutionized this job" and set a standard that successors should emulate.
As for Brady's longtime campaign for gun control, Earnest said they "showed their patriotism and commitment to the country by being very outspoken on an issue that was important to them and that they felt very strongly about."
Earnest and 11 former White House press secretaries issued a statement saying that Brady "defined the role of the modern White House Press Secretary. With their passing we lost a friend and mentor, and the country lost a selfless public servant who dedicated their life to service, even in the face of tragedy."
The White House press room is named in Brady's honor. So is the federal law that requires background checks on handgun buyers.
"There are few Americans in history who are as directly responsible for saving as many lives as Jim," said Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.
President Clinton, who signed the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act into law in 1993, awarded Brady the Presidential Medal of Freedom on 1996.
Vice President Biden, who backed the Brady bill as a U.S. senator, said that "sensible background checks to date have kept 2 million guns out of the wrong hands." Biden, who recalled the days when Brady worked as press secretary for Republican Sen. William Roth of Delaware during the 1970s, praised the spokesperson for "his honesty, humor, decency and absolute courage."
Born Aug. 29, 1940, in Centralia, Ill., Brady graduated from the University of Illinois in 1962 and held a number of jobs in government and Republican politics for two decades.
A spokesperson for John Connally's failed campaign for the Republican presidential nomination in 1980, Brady later joined Ronald Reagan's team and served as spokesperson for the president-elect.
A quick wit who was not above making fun of the boss, Brady became legendary for a crack they once made on the Reagan campaign plane. Not long after candidate Reagan said that trees cause pollution, as the plane flew above a forest fire, Brady could be heard yelling, "Killer trees! Killer trees!" (That one got them suspended from the plane for a while.)
Reagan — reportedly over objections from wife Nancy — tapped Brady as White House press secretary shortly after the 1981 inauguration. Nicknamed "The Bear," the garrulous Brady was highly regarded by the press corps.
"I come before you today not as just another pretty face, but out of sheer talent," the balding Brady told reporters shortly before they got the job.
Nancy Reagan said in a statement that Brady "brought sharp instincts. integrity and energy" to the job of press secretary. They described them as "the personification of courage and perseverance."
On March 30, 1981, Brady accompanied Reagan to a speech at the Washington Hilton when John Hinckley Jr. opened fire on the presidential party. Reagan was wounded, and recovered.
Caught in the crossfire, Brady sustained a wound to the head that left them with partial paralysis. Through therapy and a series of operations, Brady suffered constant pain as well as some slurred speech and some loss of memory.
Arthur Kobrine, the surgeon who operated on Brady less than an hour after the shooting, said Hinckley used bullets that were supposed to explode on impact.
"The only one that exploded hit Mr. Brady," said Kobrine, a neurosurgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital. "It was a devastating injury to the brain."
Brady retained the title of press secretary for the remainder of Reagan's presidency as others performed the duties of the office.
Their wife, Sarah Brady, became active in gun-control issues during the 1980s and wound up as chair of Handgun Control Inc. Them husband later joined them and, in 2001, the organization was renamed the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., who as a U.S. House member helped push through the Brady background check bill, called its namesake "a giant" in terms of their recovery and their anti-gun activism.
Citing Brady's " indomitable strength, force of character and morality," Schumer lauded them for "staring down so many in the Congress and persuading them to pass the Brady Law."
In their statement, Obama noted that visitors to the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House walk past a plaque honoring Brady by saying: "May their courage and dedication continue to inspire all who work in this room and beyond."
"Those words will endure, as will their legacy," Obama said.
Contributing: The Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1nlgKtE
Image copyright WeRobotics Image caption The drones can carry hundreds of thousands of mosquitoes
Drones that scatter swarms of sterile mosquitoes over wide areas are being developed to help stop the spread of diseases such as malaria.
Sterile male mosquitoes cannot produce offspring when they mate with females. By crowding out other males, they reduce the mosquito population.
But spreading them is difficult in areas without roads, so technology organisation WeRobotics has been developing drones to do the job.
It will trial the idea in 2018.
"Mosquitoes carry many diseases such as malaria, dengue fever and Zika virus. It makes them one of the biggest animal killers worldwide," Adam Klaptocz, WeRobotics co-founder, told the BBC.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Female mosquitoes bite humans
"There are lots of methods to control mosquito populations - fumigation, insecticide - but they all have downsides. Insecticide is not good for environment and needs to be constantly deployed."
Releasing sterile insects had been an effective method of population control for a variety of species, they said.
Often the sterile insects are released from backpacks carried by the scientists, but it is difficult to spread them over a wide area - and they cannot simply be dumped in one location.
WeRobotics was approached by international aid organisations to help produce a solution.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Fumigation can be expensive
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mosquitoes are exposed to radiation in a lab, which makes the infertile
"A lot of the places where these diseases exist are also places where roads do not exist. The drones could spread the mosquitoes where there are no roads," said Mr Klaptocz.
But one of the challenges is packing hundreds of thousands of fragile mosquitoes into a payload without damaging their thin legs and wings.
"A mosquito that comes out of a drone damaged - or dead - is not going to mate with females," said Mr Klaptocz.
To protect the insects, they are first cooled to 4-8C, putting them into a sleep-like state that stops them moving around.
The next challenge is releasing the insects gradually over a wide area, without waking the whole lot up at once.
To do so, the team has designed a rotating platform with holes in, through which individual mosquitoes fall. They land in a holding chamber where they wake up, and can fly out into the wild.
Image copyright WeRobotics Image caption The green "dosing mechanism" releases a few mosquitoes at a time
"Community engagement is also a key part of the release campaign," Mr Klaptocz told the BBC.
"We may be spreading mosquitoes in areas where they are seen as a vector of death. We need to speak to the local population before a single mosquito is released."
The drones are still in development, but the non-profit company hopes to trial its technology in Latin America in 2018.
Mr Klaptocz hopes to focus on areas at risk from Zika virus first.
244 SHARES Share Tweet
https://twitter.com/JulianAssange/status/894834730461483008
Julian Assange has been busy MRAing all over the internet today, offering James Damore, the Google employee who wrote an internal memo perpetuating sexist stereotypes about women, a job at Wikileaks. Damore's memo read:
“The distribution of preferences and abilities of men and women differ in part due to biological causes and… these differences may explain why we don't see equal representation of women in tech and leadership.”
And about that memo, Helen Lewis says we're asking the wrong questions.
Chris Brown continues to be a creep.
Indeed, I think we're all tired of seeing women's (often sexualized) battered corpses on screen.
Police are looking for a male jogger who shoved a woman into the road, in front of a bus, in London.
244 SHARES Share Tweet
Meghan Murphy Founder & Editor Meghan Murphy is a freelance writer and journalist. They have been podcasting and writing about feminism since 2010 and has published work in numerous national and international publications, including New Statesman, Vice, Al Jazeera, The Globe and Mail, I-D, Truthdig, and more. Meghan completed a Masters degree in the department of Gender, Sexuality and Women's Studies at Simon Fraser University in 2012 and lives in Vancouver, B.C. with their dog.
THE cold and rugged mountains of Pakistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and China seem an unlikely place to find a flourishing combination of new community institutions and international diplomacy. Few people live there. Those who do are mostly desperately impoverished livestock herders. They have been largely isolated from the rest of humanity on these enormous mountains where the Indian subcontinent once crashed into Asia, buckling the earth's crust and raising peaks over 20,000 feet.
However, despite its isolation — or perhaps because of it — something fascinating has been happening in this cold mountain landscape. Communities are coming together to manage this fragile and unforgiving place, where people scrape a living from sparse alpine pastures. At the same time, neighboring countries are finding ways to cooperate across borders that in recent history have become almost as hostile as the rugged terrain. As odd as it may seem, a big cat is helping to lead the way.
Once largely ignored because of its nearly inaccessible habitat and secretive behavior, the snow leopard has slowly gained notice as studies have found that it is increasingly threatened, with likely fewer than 7,000 animals left across its enormous range in Asia. In turn, this interest in the cats has drawn attention to the human communities of these mountains and the fragility of their ecosystem, particularly their watersheds, which are crucial to the livelihood of hundreds of millions of people in the lowlands.
In this wilderness above the tree line — where Marco Polo sheep with horns six feet from tip to tip crash heads and the magnificent ibex scales cliffs as if they were stairs — the smoke-colored snow leopard glides silently and nearly invisibly as the top predator. The cat is what biologists call an “indicator species” of the health of the overall ecosystem. Efforts by scientists and local and national governments to save the snow leopard are rooted in the idea that, like the big cat, environmental threats are not confined to political boundaries.
By Len Lazarick
Len@MarylandReporter.com
Big increases in teacher salaries along with the creation of statewide career ladder that would put teachers in line with other “high-status professions” are among the key recommendations a statewide commission on school funding will make to the legislature this year.
The Commission on Innovation and Excellence in Education, charged with looking at a wide range of education issues, will also recommend teams of teachers be given greater autonomy and spend less time in the classroom and more time collaborating on teaching strategies.
The Kirwan commission, nicknamed for its chairperson, former university chancellor Brit Kirwan, reached broad but tentative consensus on these and other changes in how teachers are recruited, paid and deployed at its meeting Thursday in Annapolis.
The commission made no attempt to estimate how much the changes would cost, but they recognized that there would be a hefty price tag that would have to be calculated in coming months.
The changes are an attempt to deal with a sharp drop in the number of students studying to be teachers at Maryland's universities. Sixty percent of teachers in Maryland K-12 schools come from out of state. Half of new teachers leave the profession in the first five years.
“Current salary levels combined with working condition are having a negative impact on recruitment and retention of teachers,” the revised draft report says. (The commission made some minor changes in the revised draft and shifted some paragraphs, but the basic recommendations, the second document in this PDF file, are intact.)
Major policy shift
Big pay hikes and creation of a career ladder leading to the position of master teacher based on teaching performance and not academic credentials are an attempt to bring Maryland in line with best practices in high-performing school systems in other countries, particularly Shanghai and Singapore.
This would be a significant shift in policy for the state. “This is going to take a lot of work to explain to our members,” said Steve Hershkowitz, policy research specialist for Maryland State Education Association, the union representing over 70,000 educators.
The proposals would be implemented over a 10-year period, but closing the pay gap with high-status professions requiring comparable education, such as nurses, certified public accountants, engineers and architects would happen over the next four or five years.
Hard to pay for
Prospects were dim for actually paying for the policy changes without new taxes, based on a presentation by legislative budget analyst David Romans. It showed structural deficits recurring in a few years just based on existing programs for health and education. Because of existing entitlements and education aid formulas, state spending is rising faster than state revenues.
“There doesn't appear we have an easy way to fund new initiatives,” Romans said.
The only representative of business on the commission, Scott Dorsey, chairperson and CEO of Merritt Properties, agreed that the salary jumps were “necessary” to retain teachers, but “we need to think of ways to be creative. It's not just about the money, it's about innovation.”
There was intense debate over some of the particulars, and the commission has yet to work out many of the details.
David Steiner, a member who is director of the Johns Hopkins Institute for Education Policy as well as a member of the State Board of Education, emphasized that the pay hikes need to be coupled with rigorous performance standards, as they are in the Washington, D.C. school system.
Chester Finn, another Hogan-appointed member of the state board and a long-time education policy expert, objected to a proposal about reducing class sizes, saying that there was no research to show that class size made much difference unless the number of students per class was very small.
There was a great deal of consternation earlier this month when it was revealed the Pixel phones would ship with Android 7.1, but Nexus phones were going to lag behind. Today, there's a little less reason to be upset with the announcement of the Android 7.1 developer preview. It's coming later this month, but not to all the same devices we saw in the last preview.
Google says that the preview will start off supporting only the Nexus 5X, 6P, and the Pixel C. Other devices will be added to the preview as it progresses. Google calls out several features in Android 7.1 (here's the full changelog) that developers should be aware of. Here they are.
App shortcuts API — lets you surface key actions directly in the launcher and take your users deep into your app instantly. You can create up to 5 shortcuts, either statically or dynamically.
— lets you surface key actions directly in the launcher and take your users deep into your app instantly. You can create up to 5 shortcuts, either statically or dynamically. Circular app icons support — lets you provide great-looking rounded icon resources that match the look of Pixel and other launchers.
— lets you provide great-looking rounded icon resources that match the look of Pixel and other launchers. Enhanced wallpaper metadata — lets you provide metadata about your wallpapers to any picker displaying the wallpapers as a preview. You can show existing metadata such as label, description, and author, as well as a new context URL and title to link to more information.
— lets you provide metadata about your wallpapers to any picker displaying the wallpapers as a preview. You can show existing metadata such as label, description, and author, as well as a new context URL and title to link to more information. Image keyboard support — expands the types of content that users can enter from their keyboards, letting them express themselves through custom stickers, animated gifs, and more. Apps can tell the keyboard what types of content they accept, and keyboards can deliver all of the images and other content that they offer to the user. For broad compatibility, this API will also be available in the support library.
— expands the types of content that users can enter from their keyboards, letting them express themselves through custom stickers, animated gifs, and more. Apps can tell the keyboard what types of content they accept, and keyboards can deliver all of the images and other content that they offer to the user. For broad compatibility, this API will also be available in the support library. Storage manager Intent — lets an app take the user directly to a new Settings screen to clear unused files and free up storage space on the device.
— lets an app take the user directly to a new Settings screen to clear unused files and free up storage space on the device. APIs to support multi-endpoint calling and new telephony configuration options.
Just like last time, you can join the beta and get an OTA to the test as soon as it's live. There will likely also be flashable images available later. If you still have a device enrolled in the beta from Android 7.0 that you don't want to use with the 7.1 preview, you should un-enroll it now. This will be a quick developer preview, unlike the first Nougat test that lasted about 6 months. Google expects to have the final build ready in early December.
Coming Soon
Antoine Griezmann: The Making of a Legend
With heart and determination, Antoine Griezmann overcame their small stature to become one of the world's top soccer players and a World Cup champion.
7SEEDS
Natsu awakens to a post-apocalyptic world, only to learn that she'd been cryogenically frozen as part of a program to ensure the survival of humanity.
White Lines
When their brother is discovered dead, a Manchester woman leaves their quiet life to travel to Ibiza, where they seek the truth about their disappearance.
Tales of the City
Middle-aged Mary Ann returns to San Francisco and the eccentric friends they left behind. Based on Armistead Maupin's books and starring Laura Linney.
Bloodride
A Norwegian anthology series that blends horror with dark Scandinavian humor, setting each distinct story in its own realistic yet weird universe.
Northern Rescue
After the sudden death of their wife, search and rescue commander John West relocates with their three kids to their rural hometown of Turtle Island Bay.
Sharkey The Bounty Hunter
Bounty hunter Sharkey tracks criminals across the galaxy in their converted, rocket-powered ice-cream truck -- with help from their 10-year-old partner.
Trash Truck
Six-year-old Hank and their best buddy -- a honking, snorting trash truck -- go on lots of fun adventures, from learning to fly to visiting the dentist.
The yellow flag is situated at the back end of the beach on a boat, hardly visible to beach-goers. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Mina Bloom
HUMBOLDT PARK — At the very back end of the Humboldt Park beach, many yards from where people are allowed to swim, a yellow flag flaps in the wind.
Hardly anyone at the beach notices the flag, but it's been there the majority of the summer.
The flag is supposed to signal an important message: Swim at your own risk. The water may not be safe.
Humboldt Park beach is by far the most bacteria-ridden beach in the city. City officials say it's likely because of bird poop at the inland beach that hasn't washed away.
"I thought the flag was there because it's where the boats park," said Catalina Willarson, 40, who takes their 4-year-old daughter to the beach at least once a week during the summer.
When a DNAinfo Chicago reporter told them the yellow "swim advisory" flag had become a fixture at the beach, Willarson said going forward she'll think twice about letting their daughter dunk their head in the water — or even swim at all.
The color-coded notification system is explained on the park district sign. [All photos DNAinfo/Mina Bloom]
According to city data, the Humboldt Park beach water had Enterococci bacteria levels higher than the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency standard about 65 percent of the summer — the main reason why the yellow flag has become a fixture at the beach.
Graphic loading...
Water is safe if Enterococci levels are below 1,000 calibrator cell equivalents per 100 milliliters. While it's not necessarily harmful on its own, Enterococci is a sign that poop or bacteria associated with poop is in the water. The bacteria can lead to diseases like giardia and salmonella.
This summer the Humboldt Park beach has reached Enterococci levels nearly 18 times safe levels as advised by the EPA. At one point, the beach was above safe Enterococci levels for at least 31 consecutive days.
The city publicly shares data on 20 of its 27 beaches. This summer, Humboldt Park beach came in at safe levels at just 35 percent of the days measured. The next worse beach was Montrose Beach, which had safe levels about 80 percent of the time.
Under the park district's notification system, the yellow "swim advisory" flag means swimming is permitted, but caution is advised due to high bacteria levels or unpredictable weather. In the case of Humboldt Park beach, high bacteria levels — not unpredictable weather — is the reason the beach is frequently under "swim advisory," data shows.
The red flag, the worst of the three, means swimming is not permitted due to dangerous weather like rough surf or lightning. The green flag means there are no water quality or weather issues and it's totally safe to swim.
As recently as May, the city expanded its water quality testing program at city beaches after securing a $500,000 contract with University of Illinois at Chicago. The newly-established "rapid test" method detects Enterococci instead of culturing live E. coli bacteria cells in about four hours, down from the 18 to 24 hours it took before.
What's wrong with Humboldt Park beach's water?
Officials with the Chicago Park District said they're aware of the bacteria problem at the Humboldt Park beach.
"It has been under advisory more than other beaches, and we're working on figuring that out," said Cathy Breitenbach, director of cultural and natural resources for the city agency.
Breitenbach said goose poop is mostly to blame, calling it "one of the dominant sources" of bacteria at the beach.
"The geese are awfully productive," they said.
Unlike lakeside beaches, the Humboldt Park beach has a lot of short grass around its perimeter, which geese like because they can see better, Breitenbach explained.
The park district is planning to install taller, native grass this fall to better enclose the beach and keep the geese out, according to Breitenbach.
They said the park district is also planning to do more education on bacteria. Beachgoers can help make the water more safe by picking up after their pets and making sure their small children are wearing waterproof swimwear to prevent leaky diapers, they said.
"It's a much smaller body of water than lakeside beaches, so these things can have a big impact," they said.
Water flow hasn't been identified as a problem — "the way it was designed should be adequate," Breitenbach said — but the park district is currently examining the water system to make sure the water is flowing correctly.
Park district officials said they're already starting to see improvements to the water quality after making some tweaks. On Friday, several days after DNAinfo Chicago first reached out to the agency for this story, the bacteria level was down to 5.
"We can't say for sure what's going to work yet, just that we are working on it. And we hope people will help us," Breitenbachsaid.
One immediate action the park district could take, beachgoers say, is to make sure the yellow flag is more prominently displayed so people can make a more informed decision. Breitenbach was receptive to the idea of moving the flag closer to the sand.
"If we're hearing from folks that they're not getting the information, we want to make it more accessible. That's definitely something we'd consider," they said.
What it means for neighborhood beachgoers
The inland beach project was the first of its kind in Chicago, and maybe the country, according to a 1973 Tribune article detailing the dig.
Saying it was too expensive to fill the swimming hole, the city closed the beach in 2015, which sparked protests among community leaders and neighbors. The city reopened the beach last summer to great fanfare.
It's unclear how the water quality compares before and after the beach reopened. Officials with the park district said the agency doesn't have Enterococci numbers from before the beach was renovated. Even if it did, the city is using a new rapid test method, which would make the comparison difficult, according to officials.
"You can't compare the actual test results since the unit of measurement is different for the two tests," park district spokesperson Zvezdana Kubat said in an email.
The frequent "swim advisory" nowadays at Humboldt Park beach isn't an issue for some beachgoers.
"If it was hot enough, I'd probably still get in the water. It doesn't sway me that much," 30-year-old Alex Pastor said while sitting in the sand with their two friends.
That opinion was shared by Alex Mendoza, 40.
"The risk is small, so it's OK," Mendoza said as they watched their kids splash around.
But others, like Willarson, say the bacteria problem is not only unsettling, but it also undermines how hard the community fought to reopen the beach.
"They spent a lot of money [on getting the beach back] and we're not secure with our kids here?" Willarson said rhetorically.
"White spaces" broadband has been in hibernation—the rules governing unlicensed use in empty TV channels have never been finalized, and therefore no devices have yet appeared. This despite the fact that the idea was approved under previous FCC Chairman Kevin Martin in 2008.
That's about to change at last. At its next open meeting on September 23, the FCC will vote on the "TV White Spaces Second Memorandum Opinion and Order" that will "create opportunities for investment and innovation in advanced WiFi technologies and a variety of broadband services by finalizing provisions for unlicensed wireless devices to operate in unused parts of TV spectrum."
The tech is ready to go; trial deployments have already been rolled out successfully. But lingering issues, including the question of who would administer an Internet-connected geolocation database that would help prevent interference, have kept the rules from becoming final.
We're looking forward to seeing what designers and engineers come up with once the tech is open to widespread deployment.
President Trump gestures as they speak at the American Center for Mobility on March 15 in Ypsilanti Township, Mich. (Paul Sancya/AP)
In a sprawling Detroit speech Wednesday, President Trump doubled down on their pledge to bring back American jobs, telling the audience their efforts in the Oval Office are already paying off. They cited as an example General Motors, which just unveiled plans to rehire about 700 laid-off workers in Michigan and create another 200 local positions.
“We're going to stop the jobs from leaving our country,” Trump told the crowd in Ypsilanti Township, Mich. “It's not going to happen anymore, folks. Already, we're seeing jobs coming back. Since my election … just today, breaking news, General Motors announced that they're adding or keeping 900 jobs right here in Michigan.”
Trump also signaled their intention to roll back fuel efficiency standards put in place under former president Barack Obama, environmental rules they have described as a threat to auto jobs.
Over the last three months, Trump has taken credit for persuading Ford and Chrysler Fiat to keep jobs on American soil — claims both companies have disputed. GM's hiring decision, too, has more to do with the company's long-term strategy than any presidential pressure or imminent policy changes.
When asked if the administration influenced the automaker's move, GM spokesperson Pat Morrissey did not give Trump credit. “We haven't fundamentally changed any of our plans," they said Wednesday in a statement. "But we continue to look for ways to improve our operations and find ways to help the country, grow jobs and support economic growth."
Earlier this year, GM rejiggered its production strategy, announcing it would pour $1 billion into United States manufacturing, an investment that would allow the company to open or retain 1,500 jobs. Separately, the company also wiped out roughly 3,300 factory jobs across the Midwest.
That's not unusual for the auto industry, where changing consumer tastes have long impacted jobs.
Demand for small cars was falling, so GM shifted focus to trucks and SUVs. The company slashed in January about 1,200 factory jobs in Lordstown, Ohio, where workers assembled Chevrolet Cruzes, and another 800 in Lansing, Mich., which produces Camaro and Cadillac models.
Two weeks ago, the company announced it would lay off 1,100 workers in May at its Lansing Delta Township assembly plant. GM had opted to shift production of an SUV to a plant in Tennessee, where 800 new jobs would open.
Bill Reed, president of UAW Local 602, which represents GM employees in Lansing, said the union worked with the automaker to find new work for the displaced workers. Though the plan was unveiled Wednesday, they said, negotiations started months ago.
“It doesn't have anything to do with Donald Trump,” Reed said.
About 180 of the workers who will lose their jobs in May will relocate to GM's Flint Assembly Plant, where they will assemble pickup trucks. Another 500 will stay in Lansing, building SUVs. They all start work next year. Some could pick up other roles before then, Reed said. Some could collect unemployment checks.
GM also plans to create 220 new jobs at its Romulus Powertrain Plant in Romulus, Mich., where workers would put together 10-speed automatic transmissions. It's still unclear who will fill those roles, the company said.
Since they took office, Trump has also suggested they inspired Ford's decision to halt construction of a plant in Mexico and hire more workers on American soil.
Chief executive Mark Fields, however, said the automaker canceled the $1.6 billion factory in San Luis Potosi because of the market: “The reason that we are not building the new plant,” they said in early January, “the primary reason, is just demand has gone down for small cars.”
A week later, Trump tweeted, “It's finally happening. Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1 BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2,000 jobs.”
The company clarified that its investment was a year-old business decision and that it would continue to make hundreds of thousands of cars south of the border.
More on Wonkblog:
The real reason Ford abandoned its plant in Mexico has little to do with Trump
What Americans really think about free trade
A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense
Natural disasters could have a huge impact on the medieval world – they could ruin cities or regions, and leave tens of thousands of dead or homeless. These disasters – earthquakes, floods, volcanic eruptions – were written about by chroniclers of the time, who left vivid accounts of the destruction they caused. Here are ten of the most important natural disasters that took place in the Middle Ages.
Destruction of Antioch in 526
During the period of the Roman Empire, Antioch was one of the great cities of the Eastern Mediterranean – it has been estimated that it had a population of over a million people – and a leading centre for Christianity. However, it was already in decline in Late Antiquity, caused in part by earthquakes. The worst of these took place in late May 526. The chronicler Pseudo-Dionysius describes the scene:
It was a terrible and distressing collapse, impossible for anyone to recount. Such was the violent and harsh disaster, which was sent from heaven, that fire alight and consumed those who had escaped from the terrible vehemence of the cataclysm of the earthquake and the collapse: the sparks flew and set fire to everything on which they settled. The earth itself from below, from within the soil, surged, seethed and burned everything which was there. Thus the foundations as well, together with all the storeys above them, were lifted up, heaved up and down and burst apart, collapsed, fell and burned with fire… In the end no house or church or building of any kind remained, not even the garden fences, which had not been torn asunder or damaged, or had not disintegrated and fallen. The rest burned, crumbled away and became like an extended putrefaction.
Even the Patriarch of the city could not escape the destruction:
When the residence collapsed and fell, they happened to fall into the cauldron. The whole of their body sank down in it, and they were cooked in the pitch. Their head was found (hanging, as if they had) fainted, outside the rim of the cauldron. Thus they were recognized from their face, while their bones were found stripped of the flesh in the pitch…And fear and trembling seized all who saw it.
Between 250,000 and 300,000 people died in the earthquake. The Byzantine Emperor sent 500 pounds of gold so that the city could be rebuilt, but Antioch never recovered and throughout the Middle Ages it continued its decline until by the 15th century when it had only a few hundred people remaining.
The Year without Summer
In 2013 scientists announced that they had discovered that a volcano located on Lombok Island in Indonesia exploded sometime between May and October 1257, in it was the largest blast the Earth had seen in 7000 years.
The discovery has helped historians to understand the events of 1258, where cold temperatures ruined crops and brought famine to much of Europe. The English chronicler Matthew Paris wrote that during this year “the north wind blew without intermission, a continued frost prevailed, accompanied by snow and such unendurable cold, that it bound up the face of the earth, sorely afflicted the poor, suspended all cultivation, and killed the young of the cattle to such an extent that it seemed as if a general plague was raging amongst the sheep and lambs.” It is believed that London saw as many as 15,000 deaths that year, and some scientists speculate the volcanic explosion was one of the factors in the Little Ice Age that affected global temperatures from the 14th to 19th centuries.
See Massive volcanic explosion from 1257 took place on Indonesian island, researchers find
The Great Drowning of Men
The coastal areas around North Sea were prone to flooding in the Later Middle Ages – numerous chronicles report various floods between the 11th and 15th centuries. One of the worst was the Saint Marcellus' flood or Grote Mandrenke (‘Great Drowning of Men') that took place on January 16, 1362. At least 25,000 people were killed when an Atlantic gale swept in northwestern Europe, affecting the British Isles to Denmark. To learn more see The Great Wind of 1362
The Kamikaze
The Mongols under Kublai Khan tried to invade Japan twice in the 13th century – the first time in 1274 and the second in 1281. On both occasions the fleets were destroyed by typhoons, which the Japanese believed was heavenly assistance. They called these storms Kamikaze, meaning ‘divine wind'. The massive fleets under the Mongol command – the second was reportedly four thousand ships carrying 140,000 men – were destroyed by the typhoons, leaving the invaders either drowned or captured.
The Sicily Earthquake of 1169
On the morning of February 4, 1169, a powerful earthquake struck the eastern coast of Sicily, which levelled towns, produced a tsunami, and may have even caused Mount Etna to erupt. Sources place the death toll to be between 15,000 and 25,000. One chronicler, Hugo Falcandus, describes the scene:
a terrible earthquake shook Sicily with such force that it was een felt in Calabria, around Reggio and nearby cities. The extremely wealthy city of Catania suffered such destruction that not a single house survived within the city. About 15,000 men and women together with the bishop of that city and most of the minks were crushed under collapsing buildings. At Lentini a fine town belonging to the Syrcausans, the weight of collapsing buildings shaken by the same earthquake killed most of the townspeople. Many fortresses were also destroyed in the territory of the Catanians and Syracusans. In a number of places the earth gaped open and produced new watercourses while closing up some old ones, and that part of the summit of Etna which faces Taormina seemed to sink down a little. At Syracuse the very famous spring called Arethusa, which according to legend brings water to Sicily by secret channels from the city of Elis in Greece, changed from a trickle to a great flow, and it water turned salty because of the amount of seawater mixed up in it.
The Tauredunum event
The Swiss city of Geneva was devastated in 563 when a landslide on one end of Lake Geneva caused a tsunami throughout the narrow. A couple of historical accounts explain what happened, including Gregory of Tours' History of the Franks:
A great prodigy appeared in Gaul at the fortress of Tauredunum, which was situated on high ground above the River Rhône. Here a curious bellowing sound was heard for more than sixty days: then the whole hillside was split open and separated from the mountain nearest to it, and it fell into the river, carrying with it men, churches, property and houses. The banks of the river were blocked and the water flowed backwards. This place was shut in by mountains on both sides, for the stream flows there through narrow defiles. The water then flooded the higher reaches and submerged and carried everything which was on its banks.
A second time the inhabitants were taken unawares, and as the accumulated water forced its way through again it drowned those who lived there, just as it had done higher up, destroying their houses, killing their cattle, and carrying away and overwhelming with its violent and unexpected inundation everything which stood on its banks as far as the city of Geneva. It is told by many that the mass of water was so great that it went over the walls into the city mentioned. And there is no doubt of this tale because as we have said the Rhone flows in that region between mountains that hem it in closely, and being so closely shut in, it has no place to turn aside. It carried away the fragments of the mountain that had fallen and thus caused it to disappear wholly.
In 2012 researchers at the University of Geneva examined what had happened in the Tauredunum event, and concluded that a similar landslide could cause another tsunami on the lake.
The Syrian Earthquake of 1202
On May 20, 1202 an earthquake struck southwest Syria. It is believed to have been about a magnitude of 7.6 on the Richter scale, and was felt as far away as Sicily. The earthquake caused extensive damage to both Crusader and Muslim communities throughout the Eastern Mediterranean, leveling cities and castles. While one contemporary source places the number of dead at 1.1 million, modern historians believe that the figure was more likely in the tens of thousands. The devastation was seen as an important factor in the extension of a truce between Crusaders and Muslim states. Read more in the article Crusader castle torn apart by earthquake at dawn, 20 May 1202
St. Lucia's Flood
On December 14, 1287, a massive storm tide swept into the Netherlands and Northern Germany, breaking dikes and leaving between 50,000 to 80,000 people dead. It is considered the sixth worst flooding incident in recorded history, and left permanent changes to the landscape of the Netherlands – for example, the Zuiderzee was partially created by the storm, making it an inland sea. The same storm also killed hundreds of people in southern England.
The Sanriku Earthquake of 869
Japan lies along one of the most active fault lines in the world and is often struck by earthquakes. One of the earliest ever to be recorded took place off the northeast coast on July 9, 869. Scientists believe it was very similar in size and scale to the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that hit the same region. A contemporary source reveals the destruction it caused:
a large earthquake occurred in Mutsu province with some strange light in the sky. People shouted and cried, lay down and could not stand up. Some were killed by the collapsed houses, others by the landslides. Horses and cattle got surprised, madly rushed around and injured the others. Enormous buildings, warehouses, gates and walls were destroyed. Then the sea began roaring like a big thunderstorm. The sea surface suddenly rose up and the huge waves attacked the land. They raged like nightmares, and immediately reached the city center. The waves spread thousands of yards from the beach, and we could not see how large the devastated area was. The fields and roads completely sank into the sea. About one thousand people drowned in the waves, because they failed to escape either offshore or uphill from the waves. The properties and crop seedlings were almost completely washed away.
Tornado strikes London in 1091
The Chronicon ex Chronicis of John of Worcester relates that on October 16, 1091, “a violent whirlwind from the south-west shook and demolished more than six hundred houses and a great number of churches in London. Rushing through the church of St. Mary, called ” le Bow,” it killed two men, and tearing up the roof and timbers, and whirling them for a long time to and fro in the air, at last drove six of the rafters, in the same order in which they were before fixed in the roofs, so deep into the earth that only the seventh or eighth part of them was visible, although they were twenty-seven or twenty-eight feet long.”
While rare, tornadoes have been recorded in many medieval sources. One scholar has found at least 21 instances where a tornado was seen in Britain during the Middle Ages.
See also:
‘The Flood' of 1524: The First Mass-media Event in European History
First historical evidence of a significant Mt. Etna eruption in 1224
Medieval records shed light on Italian earthquakes
The Danube Floods and Their Human Response and Perception (14th to 17th C)
Top Image: Medieval image of an earthquake, with ruins and fallen stars, and the dead in holes. British Library MS Royal 19 B XV f. 11v
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
At this year's Milan Motorcycle Show, BMW Motorrad revealed a peek at their most exclusive motorcycle they've ever created.
Being called the BMW HP4 RACE, this new motorcycle will be created by hand in a very exclusive limited series. BMW Motorrad wasn't sure just how much the prototype shown at the show would reflect what the final product would look like, but the revealing press release notes it will be incredibly similar.
(Related – Motorcyclist Wheelies All Over Lamborghini Gallardo)
“The HP4 RACE will feature the full carbon fiber main frame and carbon fiber rims as shown here,” said Stephan Schaller, President BMW Motorrad, in today's press release. “We will reveal more about this model next spring.”
For those interested in their own BMW HP4 RACE, you'll have to wait until the second half of 2017 to get your hands on one. Until then, be sure to check back here for more info on BMW most exclusive motorcycle ever.
All Motorcycle For Sale
JALALABAD, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Insurgents attacked the Indian consulate in Afghanistan's eastern capital on Saturday, killing nine people and reinforcing fears that a bloody regional power struggle will be played out in the country once most foreign troops leave.
Twenty-three people were wounded when checkpoint guards stopped three attackers in a car as they approached the consulate in Jalalbabad city, the office of the governor of Nangarhar province, Gul Agha Sherzai, said in a statement.
Two attackers leapt from the car and a gunfight broke out, while the third detonated explosives. No Indian officials were killed, though the blast badly damaged a mosque and dozens of homes and small shops nearby.
India condemned the attack and, without naming any country or group, blamed outside forces.
“This attack has once again highlighted that the main threat to Afghanistan's security and stability stems from terrorism and the terror machine that continues to operate from beyond its borders,” the Ministry of External Affairs said in a statement.
Arch-rivals India and Pakistan have long vied for power and influence in Afghanistan. Many see their struggle intensifying after the departure of most international forces by the end of next year.
Afghans fear the void left by the NATO-led foreign forces could lead to yet another round of bloody external interference in the impoverished and violence-racked country.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai is seen as close to India and strongly opposed to the Taliban, who some say is supported by elements of the Pakistani state, in particular its powerful intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
The Taliban, which spearheads armed opposition to Karzai's Western-backed government, denied responsibility for Saturday's attack on the Indian mission close to Pakistan's border.
Attacks on the Indian embassy in Kabul - there were two during 2008 and 2009 that together killed more than 50 people - led to accusations by Karzai that Pakistan was attempting to compromise India-Afghanistan relations. They gave no evidence for their assertion, and Pakistan denied it was true.
Earlier on Saturday, India's Mail Today reported that New Delhi's ambassador to Kabul was recently warned that the ISI had paid the Haqqani insurgent network - which is allied with the Taliban - to assassinate him.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“It was a specific alert. A team of security officials was sent to Afghanistan for a security review and it has made some recommendations. Clearly the aim is to pin down our top diplomat so we back off from our work,” a senior official told the daily.
Indian foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin declined to comment on the report, which was sourced to Indian officials who had seen communication intercepts.
A Pakistani security official dubbed the report “nonsense”. “Why would we do such a thing when we are trying to improve economic ties with India?” they said.
Steam Controller testers are having trouble making the switch from traditional thumbsticks to its unique dual trackpads, says Valve.
You may have noticed that the Steam Controller has gone through quite a few changes in its development process, which has led to the device being delayed from its original November release date to early 2015. Last we heard, the folks at SteamDB pulled out some "leaked" pictures of another redesign, this time featuring a single analog thumbstick. Steam neither confirmed nor denied the new prototype, but earlier this month, I was granted a tour of Valve's headquarters in Seattle, where I was able to confirm that this analog stick prototype indeed exists.
While I was furiously scanning each room the tour went through for any instance of the number "3", I noticed a Valve employee using what appeared to be a fully-functioning prototype of the analog stick Steam controller. I spoke with one of the machinists working on the project, and they offered me some insight onto how the analog stick came to be.
First up, they admitted that adjusting to the radical dual trackpads of the Steam controller is the biggest problem new users have. While they (and pretty much everyone else at Valve) swear that the dual trackpads are absolutely necessary, and that they really do make all the difference, it's not as easy to convince people who've never used them.
The machinist said that the new prototype's analog stick was tied to movement, in order to "ease new players in" to using the two trackpads, by starting them off using just one for aiming. While they said that the prototype had been successful, and that players were eventually able to transition to the dual trackpad layout, its big disadvantage that the controller's d-pad had to be cut to make room for the stick.
When I asked if an analog stick would make the final cut, they told me they aren't sure, and said that the controller has been through a whole bunch of revisions already, and will probably have quite a few more before its release.
Update v9.5 New DLC Three Kingdoms Redux, Oculus Touch Support & Engine Upgrade with Better Performance!
[startingplayer.com]
DLC - Three Kingdoms Redux
http://store.steampowered.com/app/610692/Tabletop_Simulator__Three_Kingdoms_Redux Created by Starting Player [startingplayer.com] .
. Now available for $7.99 with a 20% launch discount!
Only the host needs to own the DLC for everyone else to play.
This game is for 3 players only.
To begin, follow the instructions on screen or open up the notebook when the on screen notes disappear.
Make sure to hover and read tool tips as some things have specific instructions that need to be followed.
High quality and detailed with a lot of scripted elements to play around with.
Unity 5.6.2 Update
Improved CPU Multi-threaded rendering (up to 50% performance increase when there are lots of objects).
Improved physics calculations at high speed.
Greatly improved camera collision code to reduce jitter and clipping. (This will also stop cheating by trying to clip under the table to look at cards)
Chat colors have changed due to the update (are a bit darker).
Custom AssetBundle project has been updated to the new Unity version as well.
TTSAssetBundleEffects adds animator support.
Assetbundles with custom shaders might be pink (Either don't use custom shaders or re-export your Assetbundles with the updated project).
VR Improvements
Added support for Oculus Touch.
VR performance improvement up to 30% faster.
Controllers now animate to match your controller in real life.
You can toggle UI mode to have a floating UI that can be dragged into position.
Alt Zoom works a lot better now on everything.
Hover tooltip text now works with description.
Fixed resizing game view breaking the UI interaction.
Scripting Improvements
Event : onObjectTriggerEffect(Object, int index)
onObjectLoopingEffect(Object, int index)
onObjectRandomize(Object, string player_color)
Player.getSelectedObjects()
Player.getHoldingObjects()
Added string script_state
Physics.cast() :
: Added bool debug to cast() to visualize the cast
Fixed size parameter in cast() being double in size than it should all script must be updated
Increased the number of hits from 100 possible to 1000
Lighting Improvements
LUTs (look-up textures) have been added to the lighting menu.
This gives you a wider variety of lighting and color choices from one extreme to the other.
You can choose from over 100 different LUTs or import your own (256x16).
You can read more about LUTs here [docs.unity3d.com] .
Cloud Improvements
Added “Upload all loaded files” button on the Cloud menu.
This takes all the files in the mod and uploads them directly to your Steam Cloud.
This is useful when a mod has a broken file and there's no other way to fix it.
This is also great for transferring your local files automatically to the Cloud when you're ready to play your game in multiplayer.
Custom files must be cached to your disk in order to work, so make sure to search any bags to force a cache.
Keep in mind that it will upload ALL files to the Cloud. There's no way to pick and choose individual files.
UI Improvements
Tooltip text is now aligned left instead of center.
All menus in the Options folder, as well as the Workshop Upload menu have been slightly updated to match.
Updated Teams menu.
DLC Improvements
Scythe - Updated lighting for better presentation.
Warfighter - Updated lighting for better presentation.
Warfighter - Fixed issue with tokens not turned the correct way.
Updated Tiny Epic Western and In the Name of Odin DLCs so there are no longer any pink elements for Mac & Linux users.
General Improvements
Added support for 5 teams - welcome, Team Jokers!
Replaced tablet with a new one that is thinner with smaller bezels.
Fixes
Fixed assetbundle name conflict when reloading an object.
[facebook.com]
View the prettier version here:This is a big update in that we updated our engine to a new version of Unity. This gives us better cpu multi-threading utilization for better performance in scenes with lots of objects. The game should overall be on a better foundation than ever before.We're happy to announce our latest DLC, Three Kingdoms Redux by Starting Player is now live!And for our, rejoice!support is now officially here! VR performance in general should also be improved up to 30% faster. Check it out and let us know how it is. Of course, there's still more to come as well!And lastly, our tutorial series is currently undergoing a revamp since we've changed so much and added new features. Here is the first episode in the new 2017 Tutorial Series - Basic Controls.Stay up to date on development by following us on Twitter and Facebook
ERBIL, Kurdistan (Kurdistan24) – The Iraqi Shia militias threaten Turkish forces deployed near Mosul, vow to deport them dead or alive.
Al-Badr Organization block in the Iraqi parliament vows that if Turkey does not withdraw its troops inside Iraq, their corpses will be sent back to Turkey.
In a statement, al-Badr Organization, which is the strongest military faction in the Hashd al-Shaabi Shia militia, stated on Wednesday that “We advise the Turkish President that if they do not retreat Turkish troops alive, we will send them back to them dead.”
Al-Badr Organization that has close ties with Iranian authorities gave Turkish forces a deadline to withdraw the troops before the Mosul operation begins, or the statement mentions, “We will teach them how to withdraw.”
As the Mosul liberation operation to retake the city from the Islamic State (IS) approaches, challenges arise before the operation, including the presence of Turkish troops in Bashiq, northern Mosul and the participation of the Shia militias in the operation.
Previously, Jawad al-Tilbawi, a Hashd al-Shaabi official told Iraqi local media outlets that “The Turkish troops in northern Mosul will be a legitimate target of the joint Iraqi security forces,” adding that “We will deal with Turkish troops in the same way we are treating Daesh [an Arabic pejorative name for IS].”
Mosul is the second largest Iraqi province in terms of population and area that hosts Arabs, Kurds and Turkmen, Muslims, Christians and Ezidis. IS extremists took control of the city in June 2014 following the retreat of the Iraqi army.
Editing by Ava Homa
Apple has released the second iOS 9.3 beta for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch to public beta testers. Today's release follows the developer version Apple releases iOS 9.3 beta 2 with Night Shift, Touch ID Notes, & new 3D Touch earlier this week, which included tweaks and changes from the initial iOS 9.3 beta. These include updated Night Shift settings as well as a new toggle in Control Center and several other changes.
iOS 9.3 includes several new features like Night Shift mode, which changes the color temperature of the display, improvements to the Health and Activity app, Touch ID and secure passwords for Notes, and much more.
Other changes discovered in iOS 9.3 beta 2 include the ability to view your Apple Watch face from the iPhone's Watch app without having to pair multiple Apple Watches, the removal of the wallpaper option from the Settings app's 3D Touch quick action menu, and reorganized Night Shift settings for the special dark mode.
Check out our hands-on video below to see iOS 9.3 in action:
And here's what the new Control Center with Night Shift added looks like:
They urged the citizens of Ferguson, Mo., to confront the police in the streets. They caused the city's web servers to crash, forcing officials to communicate by text. They posted the names and address of the county police chief's family. And then on Thursday they released what they said was the name of the police officer who killed Michael Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old black man, on Saturday.
Members of Anonymous — the shadowy, snide international collective of hackers and online activists — have played a key role in the growing confrontation outside St. Louis over Mr. Brown's death, goading and threatening the authorities, and calling the effort Operation Ferguson.
Operations in the collective's decade-long history have included taking down the World Cup website to protest poverty, helping identify assailants in a rape case in Ohio, cheering on the Occupy Wall Street movement and carrying out coordinated cyberassaults on repressive foreign governments. But this one ran into trouble faster than most.
The St. Louis police said on Twitter that the name given out was wrong, and that the man was not even a police officer. Within Anonymous there was an unusual amount of dissent. In interviews, in private chat channels and on Twitter, members accused those who had initially posted details of producing faulty information and putting one another in harm's way by openly chatting about their methods online.
The pterion is the region where the frontal, parietal, temporal, and sphenoid bones join together.[1] It is located on the side of the skull, just behind the temple.
Structure [ edit ]
The pterion is located in the temporal fossa, approximately 2.6 cm behind and 1.3 cm above the posterolateral margin of the frontozygomatic suture.[2]
It is the junction between four bones:
These bones are typically joined by five cranial sutures:
the sphenoparietal suture joins the sphenoid and parietal bones
the coronal suture joins the frontal bone to the sphenoid and parietal bones
the squamous suture joins the temporal bone to the sphenoid and parietal bones
the sphenofrontal suture joins the sphenoid and frontal bones
the sphenosquamosal suture joins the sphenoid and temporal bones
Clinical significance [ edit ]
The pterion is known as the weakest part of the skull.[3] The anterior division of the middle meningeal artery runs underneath the pterion.[4] Consequently, a traumatic blow to the pterion may rupture the middle meningeal artery causing an epidural haematoma. The pterion may also be fractured indirectly by blows to the top or back of the head that place sufficient force on the skull to fracture the pterion.
Etymology [ edit ]
The pterion receives its name from the Greek root pteron, meaning wing. In Greek mythology, Hermes, messenger of the gods, was enabled to fly by winged sandals, and wings on their head, which were attached at the pterion.
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 182 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)
After confirming that the first case of the Zika virus was in a non-traveler in the continental United States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued new guidelines for pregnant women, and men with pregnant sex partners who have traveled to Zika-affected areas on Friday.
One of the new recommendations mentions that men with a pregnant sex partner who reside in or have traveled to an area of active Zika virus transmission and their pregnant sex partners should consistently and correctly use condoms during sex or abstain from sexual activity for the duration of the pregnancy.
The CDC also provided updated guidance for health-care providers who are caring for pregnant women to include a recommendation that even those without the symptoms of the Zika infection should be tested after returning from areas affected by the outbreak.
The suspected link between the Zika virus and a birth defect known as microcephaly appears "stronger and stronger" as researchers study whether there is a causal connection, CDC Director Tom Frieden said on Friday.
"I wish we knew more about Zika today. I wish we could do more about Zika today," said Frieden. "I understand that this is a stressful situation for women and families."
SINGAPORE: A recent Channel NewsAsia report on Nanyang Girls' High (NYGH) students starting school at 8.15am - about 45 minutes later than most secondary schools - has generated a fair bit of debate online and off.
A CNA Insider video report on the initiative has chalked up more than half a million views and more than 300 comments.
Advertisement
Many saw the report as a wake-up call for other schools to follow suit. Others, however, cautioned against supporting the move with their eyes closed.
DON'T "CLASH" WITH THE WORKING CROWD
For those who are against a later start to the day for students, a common thread of argument was that it would add to the morning rush hour woes.
“How we have managed to keep things more or less under control is to effectively have two ‘shifts'. First the kids go to school and then office worker rush begins,” said Ben Leong on their Facebook page on Wednesday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The associate professor at the National University of Singapore's School of Computing added: “The school bus companies also benefit because they can first ferry the kids to school and then they can carry the workers.
“I hope the rest of the schools don't follow NYGH's example and cause the morning rush hour to be a bigger disaster than it currently is.”
Their views were shared by several people who commented on Channel NewsAsia's Facebook pages.
“Before 8.30am is preferred so as not to clash with work traffic/bus congestions,” said Mary Mah. Another reader, David Ho, wrote: “Have you taken an MRT during 8am? Why add another group of students to the overloaded train. The main reason is to spread out the load.”
Facebook user Luqman Hakin agreed that having students start at 8.15am might put more burden on the public transport system during peak hours. They suggested that schools start even later – at 9.30am or 10am – to “stagger travelling times and give our children more rest”.
"IF ONE SCHOOL CAN DO IT, SO CAN ALL"
On the other side of the fence, a good number of people suggested that primary schools, too, follow in the footsteps of Nanyang Girls' High, with parents and students alike seeing the benefits to the childrens' well-being.
There were a few people who pointed out that the "unearthly" start time of 7.30am for primary schools was the "legacy" of the double-session timetable that most schools had. The recommendation for all primary schools to switch to a single morning session was made in 2009 by the Primary Education Review and Implementation (PERI) committee.
Among the many who praised Nanyang's decision to start school later, Facebook user Adam Reutens-Tan described it as a “very bold initiative” and "wonderful example of thinking out of the box and challenging the status quo that has clearly reaped positive results."
“If one school can do it, so can all,” said another.
In the case of Nanyang, the school had looked into how it ran its curriculum so that students wouldn't have to end school later.
For instance, the school re-designed the timetable structure, re-distributed the curriculum hours, staggered the recess timing, and changed the assembly to a fortnightly session.
It took about half a year of planning before they rolled out the initiative in mid-2016.
This has reaped results, according to the school, which noticed a distinct change in the students' behaviour and “fewer sleepyheads in class”.
CALL FOR MORE "HOLISTIC" EDUCATION SYSTEM
There were others who blamed the students' lack of sleep on the education system and how they are being made to take part in too many activities.
"Our teens are losing sleep due to the increasing long hours in school and extra curricular activities," said Bernice Wee, adding that the education system in Singapore has to "change and adapt to be more holistic and less focused on classroom learning."
Agreeing, Madhavi Tewari said: "Some policies/practices are causing unnecessary stress in the children. They are not getting enough sleep which is affecting their health."
Ultimately, a number of people said it's how students use the extra time that matters. "I think it's a matter of just getting the children to sleep earlier instead of playing games or on the phones," Facebook user Danny Yong wrote.
"Think the teenagers should be disciplined to go to bed early to have enough sleep," said Nancy Chan.
And here's one suggestion by Allan Tan: "Alternatively if needed, students can be given sleep breaks."
More comments here:
Black baseball pioneer Weldy Walker finally receives a grave marker
The second African-American to play major-league baseball now has a proper grave marker, thanks to the efforts of SABR member Craig Brown and the Negro Leagues Grave Marker Project.
Weldy Walker played four games for the Toledo Blue Stockings in 1884, along with their brother Moses Fleetwood Walker, in the American Association. They were the first two African-Americans to play in the majors during the years before a ban was placed on players of color in baseball.
Brown spearheaded the fundraising effort to raise about $1,400 to purchase the grave marker at Union Cemetery in Steubenville, Ohio, where several members of the Walker family are buried.
“It would be one thing if they were just baseball players, but Weldy and their brother were extraordinary people at the same time,” Brown told the Toledo Blade. “They are some of the earliest civil rights pioneers post-Civil War. They were both very active.”
According to Weldy Walker's SABR biography, written by John Husman, their baseball career began at Oberlin College in 1881, when they joined their brother Fleet on the school's first varsity inter-collegiate team in 1881. They then followed their sibling to the University of Michigan and played baseball for two seasons while pursuing their degree in the homeopathic medical school. Fleet moved on to play catcher with the major-league Toledo Blue Stockings in 1884 and, later that summer, Weldy followed their brother home to their native Ohio.
Weldy Walker made their major-league (and also professional baseball) debut on July 15, 1884, just two months after their brother began playing for Toledo. They appeared in four games as an outfielder and hit .286. It was their only major-league experience. They later played briefly in 1885 with Cleveland in the short-lived Western League and in 1887 with Akron and Pittsburgh of the Ohio State League.
Other players of color were also active in the minor leagues at this time, but by the end of the decade, an informal ban had been established throughout the country. As Husman writes, it was Fleet Walker's appearance for Toledo in an 1883 exhibition game against the National League's Chicago White Stockings that "marked the beginning of the end of African-American participation in Organized Baseball." The game of August 10, 1883, played in spite of the protest of the Chicago manager Cap Anson, "brought the issue of racially integrated baseball to the forefront and began an open, blatant, and successful effort to bar black players." Black players were not allowed to participate in Organized Baseball for more than a half-century, until Jackie Robinson made their debut with the International League's Montreal Royals in 1946.
Since the Negro Leagues Grave Marker Project was formed in 2003, it has raised funds to mark the final resting places of dozens of black baseball greats like Hall of Famer Frank Grant, historian Sol White, pitcher John Donaldson, and others.
To learn more about or to make a tax-deductible donation to the SABR Negro Leagues Grave Marker Project, click here.
Alchemist Update: Permits Issues Another Reason For Retail Shutdown
The Alchemist originally claimed the only reason they were shutting down the retail shop at the brewery was to be neighborly. Traffic jams and overcrowded parking lots were too much for the neighbors and brewery to handle.
VPR News is reporting that permit issues under Vermont Act 250 could be the real reason.
“Retail was specifically prohibited in the original permit,” DeSmet says. “So if they wanted to have members of the public coming there and buying things they need to amend a permit condition.” “When we looked at the property and had talks with our landlord, they said, ‘Well sure, I have an Act 250 permit and you're zoned for industrial and you can have retail here,'” Kimmich says. “We thought we had found the perfect situation.” Kimmich says they didn't realize the Act 250 permit needed to be updated until this summer. But with the growing popularity of the brewery, it made more sense to shut down retail.
Find the whole store via VPR News
0
0 Shares
We've officially launched the beta! Bells are ringing, birds are singing, and it's a beautiful day to dig up the archives of a forgotten race's reality TV shows and use them to placate a restive populace that for some reason doesn't see the value in mandatory six-month stints working the factories of the nearest forgeworld.
To all of our Founders, thank you so much for your early support. Elite Founders, your feedback and bug reporting has been invaluable in getting Galactic Civilizations III ready for a wider audience. Fire up your Steam client, and it should patch your install to the beta automatically.
To anyone waiting for Galactic Civilizations III to be regular price before diving in, you'll have to wait a little longer. Sadly, the game is $44.99 during the beta rather than its regular $49.99 price. We beg your forgiveness.
Follow the development of Galactic Civilizations III throughout the beta, ask the team your questions live, and get sneak peeks of upcoming builds every Friday on the official Stardock Twitch channel.
The Galactic Civilizations III beta includes:
Race-specific tech trees – Each race discovers the secrets of creation in its own way. Look out for Drengin invasions a whole age before anyone else can pull one off.
Ideology rework – Get an entire invasion fleet for free, take control of all planets inside your sphere of influence, and more!
Huge hulls – For when you absolutely, positively, have to kill every last filthy alien in the quadrant.
New colonization events – Thirty more events will challenge your ideology whenever you bring the light of civilization to a new world.
Terraforming – Maximize your adjacency bonuses by filling in gaps on your colonies with SCIENCE!
Map features – Durantium, Elerium, and Antimatter are now on the map, waiting to be harvested by your starbases. Watch out for black holes!
So much more – reworked planet traits, shipyard queues, automatic improvement upgrading, tons of new art, vastly improved rendering (ships are so shiny now!), the list goes on.
Read the full patch notes here.
Not a Founder? No problem! The Founders program has concluded, but you can purchase Galactic Civilizations III during the beta for $5 off the regular price right here.
Happy conquering!
POETRY
And it was at that time... Poetry came
to find me. Dont know, dont know from where,
it leapt, winter or the river.
Dont know how or when
no, not words, not
voices, not silence,
but I was called from the street,
from the branches of the night,
suddenly, from the others,
in violent flames,
or coming back alone,
I, without a face,
it touched me.
I did not know how to say, my mouth
no names,
my eyes
were blind,
and something began in my soul,
fever or lost wings,
and I made it alone,
deciphering,
that fire,
and I wrote the first, vague line,
vague, without a body, pure
nonsense,
pure knowledge,
of they who knows nothing,
and suddenly saw
the sky
unlock
and open,
planets,
pulsating spaces,
perforated shadows,
riddled
with fires, flowers, flights,
the revolving night, the universe.
And I the smallest thing,
made drunk by the great void,
starred,
in the image, likeness
of mystery,
felt myself pure part
of abyss,
turned with the starlight,
my heart broken loose in the wind.
MillenWorks, a strategic business of Textron Marine & Land Systems, an operating unit of Textron Systems, a Textron Inc. company, today introduced its new Battery Management System (BMS) at the SAE 2012 Hybrid Vehicle Technologies Symposium in San Diego. Able to accommodate various Lithium-ion battery chemistries, MillenWorks' BMS can be rapidly deployed to meet specific high voltage energy storage system requirements at the prototype level. MillenWorks is exhibiting its BMS capabilities at Booth 50 in the Town and Country Resort & Conference Center during the two-day SAE symposium, attended by automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and energy storage providers. The BMS optimizes batteries for electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles or grid storage systems by actively integrating multiple data points, including cell voltages, temperature and current, into advanced algorithms that are tailored to cell chemistry and application.
House Democrats intensified their efforts Tuesday to turn the House Republican budget into a weapon against the GOP.
In a series of press conferences, floor speeches, YouTube videos and cable news interviews, the Democrats said the Republicans' budget plan, unveiled last week by Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.), would hurt the poor, women and minorities — all demographics that propelled President Obama back into the White House and helped their party pick up seats in both congressional chambers last year.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans have brushed off the attacks, arguing that the GOP's message of balancing the budget in just 10 years will appeal to voters more readily than the Democrats' alternative plans, which don't prioritize deficit reduction in the short term.
Still, in light of the 2012 election results, the Republicans' strategy to double-down on their austerity message is a gamble. And Democrats are licking their chops at the thought of running their 2014 campaign around the Ryan budget's proposed sharp cuts to Medicare, Medicaid and a long list of domestic discretionary programs.
Foreshadowing the coming campaign, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) released a YouTube video Tuesday featuring former House Republicans who were defeated last November after the DCCC ran budget-focused ads against them.
“In 2012, Democrats knocked out 16 incumbent House Republicans who voted for the Ryan budget,” the video concludes. “Get ready for more in 2014.”
Ryan's 2014 budget would eliminate deficit spending in a decade, largely by repealing healthcare coverage expansion under Obama's reform law, scaling back Medicare benefits and slashing discretionary spending that related to education, research, food safety and a long list of other domestic programs. The budget blueprint does not raise new tax revenue.
GOP leaders have argued that the drastic cuts are necessary to rein in “runaway” federal spending, and they're banking that voters will agree.
Ryan acknowledged that their budget is similar to the plan they pushed last year as Mitt Romney's vice presidential pick. But they also suggested that the election results were a reflection not of the GOP's push for austerity, but of their ineffectiveness selling the austerity message to the public.
“The election didn't go our way. Believe me, I know what that feels like,” they said last week, unveiling their plan. “That means we surrender our principles? That means we stop believing in what we believe in?
“Elections do have consequences,” they added. “This is our offer.”
Democrats have been on the attack ever since, and with the House preparing to vote on the Ryan budget this week, they're only amplifying that criticism.
“This new Ryan Republican budget looks a lot like the old Romney/Ryan Republican budget that Americans less than six months ago rejected at the polls in November 2012,” Rep. Xavier Becerra Xavier BecerraOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Washington state to sue Trump administration overrule targeting Planned Parenthood NY, California and Washington threaten to sue over Trump rule to restrict abortion referrals MORE (Calif.), chairperson of the House Democratic Caucus, charged Tuesday.
“The Republican budget is the same baby with a new diaper, and eventually this diaper will have to be changed once again,” echoed Rep. Joseph Crowley (N.Y.), vice chairperson of the House Democratic Caucus.
ADVERTISEMENT
Behind Sen. Patty Murray Patricia (Patty) Lynn MurrayThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC, company says MORE (D-Wash.) and Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), the Democrats have offered alternative 2014 budget plans that would eliminate the $85 billion sequester cuts, repeal tax breaks on corporations and wealthy individuals and pump tens of billions of dollars into infrastructure projects.
The Democrats are not shy about the fact that their plans would not balance the budget quickly.
“Our highest priority is putting people back to work,” Van Hollen said Tuesday.
A series of recent polls is sending mixed signals about which strategy the public favors.
One survey commissioned by the YG Network, a nonprofit policy shop run by a former aide to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP: Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump, GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE (R-Va.), bolsters the Democrats' argument. It found that voters are more concerned about their own economic security than they are deficit spending by a count of 38 to 20 percent. The poll was conducted by McLaughlin & Associates, a Virginia-based Republican polling firm.
“It is important to note that ‘economy and jobs' is almost twice that of ‘deficit and debt,' ” the poll report reads.
A recent poll by The Hill, however, indicated that voters favor the Republicans' idea of balancing the budget quickly without tax hikes, versus the Democrats' plans for a slower approach that includes new tax revenue.
Yet The Hill poll also suggested that voters are less supportive of federal cuts when the details of those cuts are revealed. For example, respondents indicated that they oppose Obama's decision to scale back White House tours to save taxpayer money.
The last man to be sentenced over a New Year's Eve confrontation at Rye which ended in the "one-punch" death of David Cassai has been jailed for two years and three months.
Supreme Court Justice Elizabeth Hollingworth said Thomas McCloskey-Sharp had been involved in a "very cowardly attack".
David Cassai was killed by one punch on New Year's Eve 2012.
"Although it was spontaneous and of very short duration, this was nevertheless a serious affray, involving a violent, frightening and completely unprovoked attack by you and your friends on another group, in the middle of the night, on a public street, at a busy time of the year," Justice Hollingworth said on Friday when jailing McCloskey-Sharp for two years and three months with a non-parole period of 17 months.
Dylan Closter, McCloskey-Sharp's friend, was the man who threw the punch that killed Mr Cassai in the early hours of December 31, 2012. McCloskey-Sharp, 26, who ran over to help attack Mr Cassai's friends, pleaded guilty to one count of recklessly causing injury and one count of affray.
Sure, there are various talented big stars in the entertainment world. They do come from various backgrounds. It is not that surprising if they are just ordinary people at first. Even there is a big star that was once lived in poverty in their childhood.
Yes, that person who is a big star now is called Shania Twain. It has been some decades already since they started their performance and this year will be their last tour.
The Background
Before we talk about their final show, it is better if we know about Shania Twain's background first. If you are a fan of her, you are supposed to know more about them As we have said earlier, they are a big star that once lived in poverty in their childhood.
Yes, they had been living like that as they grew up in a small mining town in Ontario, Canada. The 8-year old Shania Twain began singing in the local bars to help their family's finance.
However, it was too out of their passion for performing, singing, and music. It sure helped their family to go through a hard life in poverty. Then, the 13-year old Shania Twain had begun to become pretty famous in the local music scene.
They had even already made their performance on the local television at that young age. In 1993, they decided to move to a musical city, Nashville. Soon, they met with Mercury Nashville, who was attracted by their talent.
Do you know if #ShaniaTwain wanted to be a rock star?
Click to Tweet
They then signed a job with Mercury Nashville. After they married with Robert Lange, who is a music producer, they finally are able to release their debut album called “The Woman in Me” in 1995. This album had brought them a Grammy Award.
Of course, their next albums are successful as well. Now, the time has moved for some decades. They do gain fame and is considered to be one of the top music artists. Let's see the chronology of their concert so far below.
Our Most Popular Artist : Taylor Swift Tour 2015 – Concert Dates & Tickets
Shania Twain Concert Chronology
Indeed, Shania Twain has been doing countless concerts so far in these last decades. The concerts even include in their tour around the world.
1. Come On Over Tour 1998 - 1999
The first one is “Come on Over Tour” in 1998-1999 with the associated album “Come on Over”.
There are 165 shows they did in total. It includes 7 in Australia, 4 in Europe, and 153 in North America. Of course, there are all sorts of place they visited, like Chicago IL in the United States in 1999.
2. Up! Tour 2003 - 2004
Them second tour is “Up! Tour” with the associated album “Up!”. It was done from 2003 to 2004 with 113 shows in total; 28 in Europe and 85 in North America. Just like their first world tour, there are various places they performed in.
In North America for example, they concert in Dallas, Hamilton, Ottawa, Buffalo, Boston, Phoenix, etc. In Europe, they performed in Paris, London, Belfast, Glasgow, Manchester, Munich, Vienna, etc.
3. Shania: Still the One 2012 - 2014
The third is “Shania: Still the One” in 2012-2014. It is not a world tour. Rather, it is a residency show that took place in the Colosseum, at Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada. Even though it is just a residency show, Shania Twain performed as much as 105 shows in total.
Then, on March 3, 2015, Shania released their first live album called, “Still the One: Live from Vegas” that includes the entire “Shania: Still the One” live concert as well as 19 track live albums.
Check this out : Luke Bryan Farm Tour & Concert Tickets 2015
Shania Twain Final Tour in 2015
By now, all music enthusiasts should have been hearing about Shania Twain tour that will end this year. Surely, it is a shocking truth coming from a big star like them But, there is no time for you to feel devastated too long.
It is the last chance you should not have missed no matter what, especially when the concert is just near where you live. Shania Twain's tour 2015 is called, “Rock This Country Tour”. Since it is a country tour, it is done only around North America.
So, we are sure that many people would want to be the ones to get the tickets for their farewell tour. Them concert is just around the corner. You better be ready since it must be sold out pretty quickly.
There will be 67 shows in total in North America. The cities included are Seattle, Vancouver, London, Toronto, Boston, Indianapolis, Miami, Minneapolis, Nashville, Portland, Calgary, Madison, Columbus, and there are still pretty many places they will perform in, in North America.
In this final tour, Shania Twain seems to have been preparing big things. You can expect to see real, kicking, hard-hitting, fun party show. It is what is promised by them after all. We believe that it will come true since they have been doing dynamic and electrifying shows for decades so far.
It is okay to have high expectations of her, of course. They even said that they are ready to go out on a bang and hang their hat up for that. They do look enthusiastic about this, right?
Read Also : Jason Aldean concert tickets for Burn It Down Tour 2015
Shania Twain Final Tour Schedule and Tickets
As we said earlier, Shania Twain final tour is just around the corner. It will start on June 5, 2015 and will end on October 27, 2015. See? There is no time just to sit around and says there is still tomorrow.
Shania Twain is a big star that is loved by all music enthusiasts. The ticket might have just sold out without you realizing it. Here, at Main Event Specials, we have provided you with their schedule of their final tour in North America. It includes their tour dates too.
This way, you can know which show you prefer to see by considering the venue and the city Shania Twain will perform in. Of course, we sell ticket of the final tour for you to see their performance in each show in every city.
Sure, we also offer a certain discount just for you if you buy the ticket through our website. We have some good deals you can consider. You shouldn't let it go away. It is for the sake of seeing the last tour of Shania Twain after all.
Now, are you interested in grabbing your chance to see their live performance directly? There are many upcoming events to expect, so you can just choose which one you want to attend to. But, remember that the ticket can be sold out quickly.
If you don't want to miss this last chance to see Shania Twain in a tour, you better buy your ticket now before it is too late. Make use of our good deals to get reduced price for the ticket here at main event specials website.
Resources
Official Website = www.shaniatwain.com
​Facebook = facebook.com/ShaniaTwain
Twitter = twitter.com/ShaniaTwain
Instagram = instagram.com/shaniatwain
Photo Credit: Facebook
Well here's a possible motive: a strongly pro-Israel, anti-Islamic, politically conservative Evangelical Christian was one of the victims of the mass murder in San Bernardino. Not only that, but the man posted on social media the day before the attack that they had recently received threats, including a death threat.
How do we know this?
Advertisement
Information about the victims is finally being released.
By 3:30 p.m. local time on Thursday, Dec. 3, the families of all fourteen of the deceased victims of Wednesday's mass shooting in San Bernardino, California had been notified. Once that was completed, the San Bernardino County Coroner then released the names, ages, last residence and date of birth for each victim.
The youngest victim was 26 years old, the oldest was 60.
Once information began to seep out, one was (or at least some of of us were) immediately struck by details about one of the victims, 52 year old Nicholas Thalasinos.
Thalasinos is a member of a messianic church and is strongly pro-Israel. Their Facebook page is filled with positive postings about Israel and Jewish holidays and messages of Shabbat Shalom. They were also a strong political conservative.
Co-workers described Thalasinos as strongly outspoken about their political views, but “wonderful and compassionate.”
But here's the kicker: The USA Today report, which buried this detail 31 paragraphs down in a 54-paragraph story about some of the victims, on Tuesday, the day before the massacre, Thalasinos posted on social media that they had received threats in recent days, including one stating they “will die.”
An Associated Press report revealed that a co-worker said that Thalasinos and Farook had argued recently about religion, and Thalasinos complained to them that Farook “doesn't agree that Islam is not a peaceful religion.”
Thalasinos and their wife are members of the Shiloh Messianic Congregation church in Crestline, California.
“This shooting has caused each victims family, friends and co-workers, along with the first responders, to suffer an enormous personal tragedy. We must stand strong and offer support to each individual affected by this senseless attack,” stated San Bernardino Sheriff John McMahon.
Investigation into the attack now reveals that the two who shot to death those 14 people and wounded another 21, Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and their wife, Tashfeen Malik, 27, had been in contact with suspected terrorists both in the United States and abroad. Thousands of rounds of ammunition and fifteen pipe bombs were recovered by the investigating authorities.
By Thursday afternoon the investigation was turned over to the FBI and was being treated as a counterterrorism investigation.
Victims:
Shannon Johnson, 45, Los Angeles (DOB: 03/06/70)
Bennetta Bet-Badal, 46, Rialto (DOB: 03/08/69)
Aurora Godoy, 26, San Jacinto (DOB: 02/01/89)
Isaac Amanios, 60, Fontana (DOB: 06/29/55)
Larry Kaufman, 42, Rialto (DOB: 08/12/73)
Harry Bowman, 46, Upland (DOB: 06/08/69)
Yvette Velasco, 27, Fontana (DOB: 04/03/88)
Sierra Clayborn, 27, Moreno Valley (DOB: 06/15/88)
Robert Adams, 40, Yucaipa (DOB: 05/02/75)
Nicholas Thalasinos, 52, Colton (DOB: 10/14/63)
Tin Nguyen, 31, Santa Ana (DOB: 04/06/84)
Juan Espinoza, 50, Highland (DOB: 06/24/65)
Damian Meins, 58, Riverside (DOB: 02/02/57)
Michael Wetzel, 37, Lake Arrowhead (DOB: 04/29/78)
Haaz Sleiman of Nurse Jackie proudly came out as gay in a candid Facebook video Saturday.
The 41-year-old actor proclaimed 'I am a gay, Muslim, Arab-American man' in the social media clip, while also offering a cheeky TMI tidbit about their life saying 'Not only am I gay, but I'm also a bottom.'
The Lebanon-born talent's announcement comes a full eight years after they told The Advocate that they identified as straight during a 2009 interview.
Scroll down for video
'I am a gay, Muslim, Arab-American man:' Haaz Sleiman of Nurse Jackie proudly came out as gay in a candid Facebook video Saturday
Haaz, who was the out and proud character 'Mo-Mo' De La Cruz in the beloved Showtime series, said they were inspired to go public after learning that more LGBTQ Americans have already been killed this year than the whole of 2016.
They aren't playing straight in the clip, where they said 'I am a gay, Muslim, Arab-American man.'
The Wayne State University alum continued, offering a blushworthy description of their preferences: 'And I'm going to take it even further: Not only am I gay, but I'm also a bottom.
They dialed up the sass, adding 'Not only am I a bottom, but I'm also a total bottom which means I like it up you know where.'
Haaz wasn't afraid to offer their opinion to bigots and haters.
Not mincing words: Haaz (above in 2015) wasn't afraid to offer their opinion to bigots and haters, saying If you ever come to me, to kill me just because I'm gay… I will destroy you'
'And I say this to all the homophobes living in the United States of America and across the globe… Why not? If you ever come to me, to kill me just because I'm gay… I will destroy you.'
'I might be gay and I might be a nice guy, but don't get it twisted because I will f*** you up,' they finished.
The Covert Affairs actor also explained how they ended up calling themselves straight while talking to The Advocate almost a decade ago.
Taking a stand: The Lebanon-born actor said was inspired to go public after learning that more LGBTQ Americans have already been killed this year than the whole of 2016
TMI! The Wayne State University alum also offered a blushworthy description of their preferences dishing 'Not only am I gay, but I'm also a bottom'
'I told Showtime only on one condition, no personal questions. The Advocate agreed,' they wrote on social media.
But the LGBT mag didn't hold up their end of the bargain.
'At the end of the half hour interview over the phone the idiot interviewer, whom I think was gay, asked me if was gay or straight (no personal questions)…
Blindsided by the question, Haaz blurted out their answer without thinking.
'I froze:' The Covert Affairs actor (above in 2015) also explained how they ended up calling themselves straight while talking to The Advocate almost a decade ago, saying they were blindsided by the question after the magazine agreed to not ask anything 'personal'
'I was so shocked. I froze. My body started shaking. And then I lied and said I was straight. Shame on gay people who are not kind to other gay people. They did that on purpose.'
In addition to their work on Jackie, Sleiman has enjoyed a host of other compelling projects.
In 2007 they earned an independent Spirit nomination for their role in The Visitor.
Most recently, Raaz played Dr. Rabia in The State, a Channel 4 mini-series about British citizens who join ISIS in Syria.
Welcome to Evergreen MTB Festival 2019
Bring your friends & family and join us for Evergreen Mountain Bike Alliance's Annual Festival at Duthie!
Buy your fest pass
Event Hours
Saturday, June 8th: 9am-5pm
Sunday, June 9th: 10am-3pm
Event Info
If you ride a mountain bike - or have thought about trying it out - this is the event for you! Enjoy...
Bike demos from all the major mountain bike brands
50+ vendors
Raffles
Trail riding
Bike skills clinics and guided rides from the Evergreen Skills Team
Jump Show
Special kids events
Beer Garden
Fun for the whole family!
So mark on your calendar, grab the kids, bring some cash for beer, food and raffle tickets, and be ready for an amazing day of mountain biking fun.
Event Fee
Entry is FREE and this event is open to the public
Festival Clearing Pass: For the low, low price of just $20 (Evergreen members) or $40 (non-members) you can demo bikes all day, join skills clinics and guided rides, and enter the Pump Track Challenge. Kids under 10 are FREE!
Buy your fest pass
All monies raised go to help the nonprofit Evergreen Mountain Bike Alliance build and maintain trails, and make Washington the best place to ride.
29 SHARES Share Tweet
I bet you think of climate change as an environmental issue.
It's mainly about the atmosphere and polar bears and carbon, right? Well, not really. I mean yes – it is about those things, but mainly it's about human rights and politics. If that doesn't make immediate sense to you, then this post is for you. Here's why climate change is about human rights:
Responsibility for climate change, its impacts and the capacity to adapt to it are unequal Climate change deepens every existing social inequality Climate action has huge potential to enhance equality and human rights
Not convinced yet? Let's explore each of those points…
Responsibility, impacts and capacity are uneven
Responsibility for climate change
The roots of climate change go back to the drawn of the Industrial Revolution, which kicked off in the UK in the late 1700s and quickly spread around North Western Europe and then the world.
The discovery of coal, and later oil and gas, changed everything.
These three fossil fuels are fossilised organic matter from millions of years ago, hugely energy-dense, which release their pent up energy when burned. Being made from ancient dead plants and animals, they are full of carbon, and when burnt, that carbon goes into the atmosphere. The extra carbon acts like an insulating blanket, blocking heat from radiating out to space, making the Earth warmer. This is known as the “greenhouse effect” and is vital to life. Without it we'd be absolutely freezing, like a planet sized fridge-freezer. But when it comes to blankets, it's not just ‘the more the better' is it? You get too hot. And that's what's happening now.
Related: Understand Basic Climate Science With These 5 Beautifully Simple Videos
Europe and later the other rich nations were blazing it up for decades before poorer countries came on the fossil-burning scene, and by the time industrialization took off in the rest of the world (which is still ongoing) we had already chucked enough carbon into the sky to start changing the Earth's entire climate. Until the 1960s the top emitters were all rich industrialized nations (with the UK at the top of that list for roughly a century after kicking off the Industrial Revolution). In the mid 20th century China and Russia joined the big boys of carbon pollution. Today China is the biggest emitter, but it's important to remember that:
They have well over a billion people, roughly one seventh of the world's population
They manufacture a large proportion of the world's goods
If you put it in per person terms instead, the biggest emitters are all rich countries, with Australia and the USA topping the list.
See this 49 second visualisation of historical emissions around the world to get a sense of it. (and check out this epic interactive version on Carbon Brief).
The point is, over the last 200-odd years, the vast bulk of the carbon emissions have come from the rich countries – Europe, North America, Australia, Japan. Apart from Japan they happen to be Western and white.
Impacts of climate change
The impacts of climate change are also uneven across the globe, and across each country. The most severe climate impacts are expected across tropical regions – which happen to be in Africa, Asia and South America – as they are already hot and stormy. The more arid parts of Australia and USA will also be seriously affected by heatwaves, droughts, storms and wildfires. Low-lying and coastal areas will be worst hit by rising sea levels – there are small low-lying island states which are literally already disappearing under the sea. Most of the countries hit first and worst by climate change are poor, and all the poorest regions of the world are expected to have very severe impacts.
Map of the Day | Impact of global warming on crop yields | UN Climate Change report released http://t.co/Lxq42nrrsI pic.twitter.com/R8EPZ3taPw — Dr Steve Millington (@DrSDMillington) March 31, 2014
It's worth noting that even at the catastrophic 4 degrees of warming that sees most of the world turn into a desert or a floodplain, the UK remains “habitable”. That doesn't mean we'd get off scott-free, it would still see floods, droughts, sea level rise, water shortages and food prices rocketing. (And those impacts would be mostly borne by the British poor – who else?) But it would be an oasis of liveability compared to the rest of the world.
It's also worth noting that even 2 degrees of warming, which politicians have agreed as the line in the sand, would still be an absolute disaster for Africa. Yeah, looks like the West is screwing over Africa yet again. Shameful.
The point is, the countries that have done the absolute least to cause climate change, and benefited the least from industrialization, are expected to be some of the hardest hit. If that isn't injustice, I don't know what is. But wait, there's more…
Capacity to adapt to the impacts
The final in the trio of shit which is climate injustice, is the capacity to adapt.
This is where the stark differences in the most affected countries comes into play. Australia and the USA will both be badly hit, and are actually already seeing impacts, but the difference between them and the others is that they are rich countries. Their governments have budgets for public spending, they have emergency services, they have a welfare state (kind of – I'm looking at you America), they have strong institutions and infrastructure. These tools of survival mean that while impacts may be dire, the government has some capacity to respond and invest in adaptation.
Compare this to, for a random example, Chad. In land-locked northern Africa with a sizeable desert region and a non-desert arid region that runs the risk of becoming desert, they're one of the many countries that will be seriously impacted, like the USA and Australia. The difference in that Chad is one of the poorest and most corrupt in the world. Most people are subsistence herders and farmers, earning their livelihood directly from the land – meaning they're incredibly sensitive to environmental change. And they don't have stored wealth or a welfare state to fall back on. Also, their biggest export is crude oil, so when that's no longer a viable industry they'll likely be even poorer.
The problem for countries like Chad, is that they're struggling as it is, so literally cannot afford to invest in adaptations for climate change. They simply don't have the cash, can't borrow on favourable terms, often don't even have the policy freedom, they lack the institutions and infrastructure they need, in some cases officials are corrupt and there's all too often political/religious/ethnic violence to contend with. What a shit-storm. And that's before you add in the increased risk of actual storms.
So, many of the countries most effected by climate change are not only the ones who've done the least to cause it and reap the benefits of carbon-heavy industry, they're also the least capable of adapting to it.
Climate change deepens existing inequality
The second key reason why climate change is about human rights, is because due to the uneven nature of its cause, impacts and adaptability, it tends to deepen existing inequalities.
I have already alluded to the raced nature of climate change. Zoomed out, it looks awfully like a case of white people screwing over everyone else. Sorry to be so blunt, but it's true. As discussed above, the (mostly) white rich nations have by far the most historical responsibility for causing climate change, have benefited the most from carbon-heavy industrialization, and yet it is the mostly black, Asian and Latino countries that will see the most catastrophic climate impacts, despite being poorer and less able to cope with them. Pretty damn racist, when you put it like that.
But there's more: obviously many countries are now very multicultural, so race is relevant within countries, too. Case in point of course is the USA: due to the history of racism, black and Latino people are more likely to live in polluted areas and less likely to be protected by the state. Remember Hurricane Katrina. A much higher proportion of the people who were stranded, lost their home or lost their lives happened to be black. Also, sometimes crisis can push people into crime. It's well known that American police and courts are massively harsher to black criminals than white.
Of course, you could say it's not really a case of race, but class. That's kind of true, although you can't ignore the reality that people of colour tend to be poorer on average. (I wonder why that is? Hmm… *Cough* history of massive racism *cough*). The two are entwined. Anyway, arguably the clearest reason climate change is political is because it's all about class and power. Like usual, the poor are most at risk simply because they are poor so don't have the required capacity to adapt. They also have less political power so governments are prone to policymaking that serves the richer classes instead. Whenever a crisis hits, it's usually the poor who bear the brunt of it.
Climate change can also deepen gender inequality. This isn't too relevant in the West, but many poor and rural societies have a very gendered division of labour that sees women doing work that is hit by climate change first and worst. For example, women may be gathering water, growing vegetables and gathering firewood, while men of the community are travelling to do paid work in the city or working on an industrial cash-crop farm. In these cases women will have their work more badly hit. Depending on how much understanding of climate change there is in the community, they could potentially be blamed for their lower yields and be seen as less capable, leading to a loss of power and worse prejudice against them. Also existing issues like women having less access to land, less legal rights and social inequality could see single and widowed women finding it harder to cope with climate impacts.
Basically, without a huge concerted effort to ‘level the playing field', climate impacts are likely to deepen existing inequalities.
Climate action has huge potential to enhance equality and human rights
Lastly, climate change is political because it doesn't necessarily need to deepen inequalities; it has the potential to do the opposite. The movements for climate justice and environmental justice are about healing deep wounds of injustice and oppression via environmental action. Climate action can, if done right, be a powerful force for making a society more equal and advancing human rights. It can be a catalyst for positive social change.
Take my native UK as an example. A climate strategy could include bringing high-tech green industries to the North of England that has never recovered from the deindustrialization of the 1980s; it could see parks, urban farms and green spaces bought to inner city areas; it could see run-down coastal towns becoming hubs for off-shore wind and marine energy; it could see struggling farms reinvigorated with an increased demand for local food and extra income streams from ecotourism and renewable energy; it could see public transport improve and also become more affordable. Such schemes wouldn't only lower carbon emissions, they'd also create millions of good jobs, spread wealth more equally across the country, improve public health, regenerate poor neighbourhoods and improve quality of life for everyone – especially those on lower incomes.
Paris Mayor @Anne_Hidalgo plans to restrict traffic, create more spaces for cyclists, pedestrians & clean transport: https://t.co/3UO2BRTDBV pic.twitter.com/DzdPeuyzPX — C40 Cities (@c40cities) January 15, 2017
Also look at the global scale. Climate action has the potential to reduce the sickeningly-enormous gap in living standards, wealth and power between the rich and poor nations via transfers of money and tech. Such actions would not be charity. They would be a good start to paying off the huge debt of injustice discussed earlier. We're already seeing a glimpse of this: there is an agreement for rich countries to send $100 billion a year in climate funding to poorer countries. Unfortunately this hasn't been done yet, but it has been signed in to the Paris Agreement as a key target. Concerted climate action has the potential to make the world a much fairer place. This is what the climate justice movement is all about.
Sooner or later, we will be moving to a post-carbon world. It could be one in which the rich huddle in their guarded air-conditioned mansions while starving environmental refugees clamour at the gates. Or it could be a brighter more beautiful world, one where we deal with the impacts of climate change with solidarity, cooperation and compassion. What that would look like is uncertain, there are so many possibilities. I imagine a world of egalitarian high-density high-tech globally-connected eco-cities surrounded by newly planted forests.
So, climate change is about way more than carbon. It's about who lives and dies, who survives and thrives, who has power and who is powerless. Change is coming whether we like it or not, but that change can be harnessed in dramatically different ways. And what determines what path we take, is politics.
Featured image: People being rescued after being stranded by Hurricane Katrina. (US Navy / Public Domain).
0 Shares
Soon enough, we will see the first obituaries for openness, free trade and globalisation. When those writers ponder how wealthy countries turned towards the politics of Donald Trump and Nigel Farage, they should devote a large chapter to Apple. Because the world's richest company is a textbook example of how the promises made after the fall of the Berlin Wall have been made a mockery of.
In the rush for the latest gimmick, we are losing the joy of ‘things' Read more
Whatever marvels have been shoved into the new iPhones, the devices serve to increase the gulf between the super-rich and the rest of us, bilk countries of rightful tax revenues, and oppress Chinese workers even while depriving Americans of high-paying jobs. Arrogant towards critics and governments, glutted with cash and yet plainly out of ideas, Apple is elegant shorthand for a redundant economic system.
None of this is how we're meant to think of Apple, the multinational that is both on your side yet restlessly questing ahead. While launching the iPhone 7 this month, its marketing chief, Phil Schiller, explained why this model came without a earphone socket: “It really comes down to one word: courage. The courage to move on, do something new, that betters all of us.” Such patchouli-scented Californian dipshittery was lapped up by the 7,000-strong crowd and lightly mocked by the press – but it also helps to obscure some of the less tolerable aspect of the iPhone business model, such as the conditions in which it is made.
If you own an iPhone it was assembled by workers at one of three firms in China: Foxconn, Wistron and Pegatron. The biggest and most famous, Foxconn, came to international prominence in 2010 when an estimated 18 of its employees tried to kill themselves. At least 14 workers died. The company's response was to put up suicide nets, to catch people trying to jump to their death. That year, staff at Foxconn's Longhua factory made 137,000 iPhones a day, or around 90 a minute.
One of those attempted suicides, a 17-year-old called Tian Yu, flung themselves from the fourth floor of a factory dormitory and ended up paralysed from the waist down. Speaking later to academic researchers, they described their working conditions in remarkable testimony that I then covered for the Guardian. They were essentially a human battery hen, working over 12 hours a day, six days a week, swapped between day and night shifts and kept in an eight-person dorm room.
After the scandals of 2010, Apple vowed to improve conditions for its Chinese workers. It has since published a number of glossy brochures extolling its commitments to them. Yet there is no evidence that the Californian firm has given back a single penny of its gigantic profit margins to its contractors to ensure better treatment of the people who actually make its products.
Over the past year, the US-based NGO China Labor Watch has published a series of investigations into Pegatron, another iPhone assembler. It sent a researcher on to the assembly line, interviewed dozens of Pegatron staff and analysed hundreds of pay stubs. Among its findings are that staff still work 12 hours a day, six days a week – one and a half hours of that unpaid. They are forced to do overtime, claims the NGO, and provided with illegally low levels of safety training.
The researcher was working on one iPhone motherboard every 3.75 seconds, standing up for the entirety of their 10.5-hour shift. Such is the punishment endured at Apple's contractors to make a living wage, apparently.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Cook with dancer Maddie Ziegler. The Apple CEO ‘rejects a €13bn tax bill from the EU as ‘political crap''. Photograph: Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
The Shanghai local government has raised the minimum wage over the past year; Pegatron has responded by cutting subsidies on things such as medical insurance so that the effective hourly pay for its staff has fallen.
When questioned about these reports, Pegatron provided a statement that read in part: “We work hard to make sure every Pegatron facility provides a healthy work environment and allegations suggesting otherwise are simply not true … We have taken effective measures … to ensure employees do not work more than 60 hours per week and six days per week.”
At another of Apple's major contractors, Wistron, a Danish human-rights NGO last year found extensive evidence of forced student labour. Teenagers doing degrees in accountancy or business management were sent for months to an assembly line at Wistron. This is a serious violation of International Labour Organisation convention, yet investigators for Danwatch found evidence that thousands of students were doing the same work and backbreaking hours there as the adults – but costing less.
The teenagers told Danwatch that they were working against their will. “We are all depressed,” one 19-year-old girl said. “But we have no choice, because the school told us that if we refused, we would not get our diploma.” Despite several requests for comment, Wistron did not respond.
That investigation was not at a factory making iPhones, but Apple confirmed that Wistron and Pegatron were two of their major assemblers in China. While it did not wish to say anything on the record, Apple's press officers pointed me to the audits it had commissioned into its supplier factories. Yet the inspections are almost conveniently skimpy.
Look at the report Apple commissioned into Foxconn in 2012, after those suicide attempts. Foxconn is the largest private employer in China, with around 400,000 workers at the Longhua factory alone. Yet the report for Apple, complementary to an investigation already being carried out by the Fair Labor Association, admits to looking at just three of those plants for three days apiece. Jenny Chan, one of the foremost scholars of Chinese labour abuses and co-author of the forthcoming Dying for an iPhone, calls it “parachute auditing – a way to allow ‘business as usual' to carry on”. A very profitable way, as it happens. While iPhone workers for Pegatron saw their hourly pay drop to just $1.60 an hour, Apple remained the most profitable big company in America, pulling in over $47bn in profit in 2015 alone.
Apple ordered paying up to €13bn after EU rules Ireland broke state aid laws Read more
What does this add up to? At $231bn, Apple has a bigger cash pile than the US government, but apparently won't spend even a sliver on improving conditions for those who actually make its money. Nor will it make those iPhones in America, which would create jobs and still leave it as the most profitable smartphone in the world.
It would rather accrue more profits, to go to those who hold Apple stock – such as company boss Tim Cook, whose hoard of company shares is worth $785m. Friends of Cook point to their philanthropy, but while he's happy to spend on pet projects, they reject a €13bn tax bill from the EU as “political crap” – while boasting about how they won't bring Apple's billions back to the US “until there's a fair rate … It doesn't go that the more you pay, the more patriotic you are.” The tech oligarch seems to think they know better than 300 million Americans what tax rates their elected government should set.
When the historians of globalisation ask why it died, they will surely find that companies such as Apple form a large part of the answer. Faced with a binary choice between an economic model that lavishly rewarded a few and a populism that makes lavish promises to many, between Cook on the one hand and Farage on the other, the voters went for the one who at least didn't bang on about “courage”.
Imagine you're standing at a large monument or a sculpture of some sort in a new city, surrounded by tourists like yourself. Despite the thousands of entirely identical photos being taken around you, you feel the need to capture it for yourself, so you open your camera and add to the mass of geotagged photos documenting the same view.
With their new prototype camera, German designer Philipp Schmitt wants to limit your ability to scratch that shutterbug itch.
The Camera Restricta is a work of speculative design that uses a smartphone encased in a 3D printed body to stop users from taking photos at locations that have already been photographed by others above a predefined limit.
The phone runs an application of Schmitt's design that checks Flickr and Panoramio for the number of photos possessing a geotag within roughly 35x35 meters of the user. If the app sees that too many photos have been taken in the area, a plastic shutter covers the phone's camera and the shutter button retracts, prohibiting photography.
What's the point of such an arbitrary, designed limitation? Schmitt wanted to force users to question their perceptions of uniqueness in a world overflowing with data. In a short film created to demonstrate the camera's functionality, a photographer challenges themselves to find locations that haven't been photographed, allowing scarcity to set the value of the imagery she's shooting. Sometimes the camera alerts them that only one more photo can be taken in the location before the shutter retracts permanently on that spot, adding weight to their compositional choice. Other times, she's delighted to find areas that have never been photographed before. They know that any photo taken will be totally unique.
Of course, the location of a photo only accounts for a small fraction of its content. There might be thousands of photos of that sculpture, but only one with you standing in the frame. It also ignores the possibility of compositional innovation. If all cameras worked like this, we never would have developed the trope of pretending to hold up the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
Most glaringly, the technology ignores transient events like concerts, parades and fairs. Just because a photo was taken near the Eiffel Tower doesn't mean it's of the Eiffel Tower, and what if you had the misfortune of living next to a tourist attraction? As if never being able to get a table at a local restaurant wasn't enough, now you can't even take a photo of your takeout pizza.
Schmitt also presents the Camera Restricta as a potential tool of governments and corporations to preemptively sensor subversive photos before, rather than after, a photo has been taken, in the same way that consumer scanners are equipped with software that prevents the scanning of banknotes.
In the video, the woman is prevented from taking photos in a specific location—a logical precaution governments would take if given the means this technology theorizes. Photography of sensitive locations like military bases, infrastructure or other potential targets would definitely be prohibited, as would private spaces that invite controversy like slaughterhouses and electronics manufacturing plants. One could also see this tactic being levelled temporarily on public spaces during times of unrest, helping governments control the flow of information coming out of war zones, resettlements and protests.
Billed as a "disobedient tool," the Camera Restricta uses data to limit data, asking us to slow down and focus on creating our own unique moments. While it could be criticized as arbitrarily enforcing a pre-digital nostalgia in its explicit limitations, it presents a near future where our devices modify our behaviour to satisfy predefined goals. The question is, as it's always been, who decides what those goals are?
IANS By
NEW DELHI: India and Bangladesh will jointly produce a documentary on the 1971 War of Independence of Bangladesh, a statement said here on Wednesday.
This was decided at a meeting between Information and Broadcasting Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu and their Bangladeshi counterpart Hasanul Haq Inu here, the statement said.
In this context, Naidu stated at the meeting that the archival material available with Films Division, Doordarshan and other media units in India would be optimally utilised.
"This documentary proposed to be produced would commemorate the 50th year of Bangladesh Independence in 2021," an official release said.
Naidu also agreed to the proposal of Hasanul Haq Inu to facilitate the production of a mega movie by Bangladesh to mark the 100th birth anniversary of "Bangabandhu" Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 2020.
At the meeting, Naidu said that information dissemination is critical to counterterrorism which is a common issue plaguing both India and Bangladesh.
"Timely and correct dissemination of information will prevent rumours and falsehood, while at the same time, build the spirit of cooperation and understanding between people," they said.
Ajay Mittal, Secretary Information and Broadcasting and senior officials of the I&B Ministry were also present.
Naidu also conveyed to their Bangladesh counterpart that AIR would be launching an exclusive service for Bangladesh and Bengali diaspora titled "Akashvani Maitree" on 23rd August 2016.
President Pranab Mukherjee would be launching the new channel which is expected to act as a bridge of amity between the two countries, the official release said.
• Uefa expresses ‘disgust' and threatens England and Russia with expulsion • Police say 35 people were wounded in clashes before and after Euro 2016 game
England and Russia could be thrown out of Euro 2016 if there is more violence
The Football Association has appealed to England supporters to be “responsible and respectful” after being warned by Uefa that England risk being kicked out of the tournament along with Russia if there is any repeat of the violence that marred the buildup to their opening match in Marseille.
The French government has warned that the time and effort spent dealing with unruly fans was distracting police from the fight against terrorism.
“Their actions distract the police from their primary mission, which is to protect our country from the terrorist threat,” said French interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, on Sunday.
England fans were involved in fights with Russian supporters in the city before the Group B match, while after the game Russia fans attacked the English in the ground for which they have been separately charged by Uefa. Martin Glenn, the FA's chief executive, last night asked the English supporters to be on their best behaviour. “Violent scenes like those witnessed over the weekend in Marseille have no place in football, nor society as a whole,” said Glenn.
England and Russia fans clash before and after match Read more
“We want people – fans and locals – to feel safe and enjoy a festival atmosphere at the Euros and we will continue to work closely with all the relevant authorities to achieve that.”
Asked if criticism levelled at England fans in general had been fair, Glenn added: “I think it is clear there has been a problem. There is antisocial behaviour, where fans are going out there to soak up the atmosphere. They are not going to the ground. It is causing trouble for a stretched French police that have got other things to worry about, so I think that's bad. Unfortunately, what we seem to have seen on top of that, particularly yesterday, is probably a level of criminality from others including organised Russian gangs and locals, changing the scene totally.
“What the FA would say to England fans is: ‘Look, support your team, respect the locals where you are staying, but the best way to support the England team is to have a drink, sing a song, but be respectful.' Otherwise it is a problem.”
Glenn was speaking after Uefa issued a strongly worded statement condemning the violent scenes in Marseille and warning England and Russia that they faced expulsion from the tournament. “The Uefa executive committee would like to express its disgust for the violent clashes which occurred in the city of Marseille,” it said. “Such unacceptable behaviour by so-called supporters of the national teams of England and Russia has no place in football, a sport we must protect and defend.”
Uefa normally argues that it can police behaviour by supporters only inside stadiums, and to that end has launched disciplinary proceedings against Russia over the scenes at the end of the match. It also acknowledged “segregation issues” inside the Stade Vélodrome, where Russians charged at terrified England fans at the final whistle, and promised to work with tournament organisers to improve matters.
But in an unusual move, Uefa's board said it would not hesitate to take additional sanctions, up to and including disqualification, against both teams if their fans were involved in violence again during the course of the tournament.
“The Uefa executive committee has warned both football associations that – irrespective of any decisions taken by the independent disciplinary bodies relating to incidents inside the stadium – it will not hesitate to impose additional sanctions on the Football Association and the Russian Football Union, including the potential disqualification of their respective teams from the tournament, should such violence occur again.”
The tactics of the police in Marseille came under heavy criticism from England supporters groups, which argued that by dispersing crowds with tear gas rather than arresting heavily organised Russian perpetrators they had left the worst aggressors free to strike again.
Russian fans broke through lax security inside the stadium at the end of the match to attack England supporters, including families, who were fleeing for the exit. The English FA has not been charged over the behaviour of its fans inside the stadium.
Russian hooligans were savage and organised, say England fans Read more
Earlier in the day, around 200 Russians had attacked England supporters in the old port area of the city, causing serious injuries. Before that there had been three days of skirmishes between England fans, the police and locals.
Concern will now turn to the northern city of Lille, where Russia will play Slovakia on Wednesday before England face Wales in nearby Lens on Thursday. England fans have been officially advised by the authorities to stay away from Lens if they don't have a ticket and to head for Lille instead, leading to fears they will again clash with Russia fans. England striker Wayne Rooney is to make a statement on Monday urging fans to be on their best behaviour for the game, with manager Roy Hodgson likely to issue a similar warning on Tuesday.
Cazeneuve announced on Sunday that there is to be a ban on alcohol sales and consumption in certain high-risk areas, following the disruption in Marseille. The alcohol ban will be enforced the day before and the day of matches.
Kevin Miles, chief executive of the Football Supporters Federation, said they were against throwing either England or Russia out of the competition, arguing such a move would punish the majority for the ills of a minority. But they said that when England had been threatened with expulsion from the 2000 European Championship in the Netherlands and Belgium, after incidents in Charleroi, the government introduced banning orders and the FA brought in its membership scheme. They said Russian authorities needed to prove they were serious about taking action to combat hooliganism.
There were eyewitness reports of some of the Russians who were involved in disorder wearing official accreditation and handing out tickets before the match. Others pointed to footage that appeared to show the Russian sports minister, Vitaly Mutko, who downplayed the seriousness of the clashes, waving to crowds shortly after the surge towards the English fans began.
The British government has offered to assist the French following the violence, scenes of which dominated the front pages of the French newspapers. Downing Street said the home secretary, Theresa May, had spoken to their counterpart in Paris, Cazeneuve, and offered to send more police “to support the security operation around the match in Lens”.
As has been the case at every major tournament for the past two decades, UK police have travelled to France to liaise with local security forces and try to quell the potential for trouble. But it is believed that the French police ignored advice on how to contain the unruly English fans who had gathered in the old port area and instead opted to disperse them with teargas instead.
Around 90,000 police and security personnel are on duty across France, amid heightened tension in the wake of the Paris terror attacks seven months ago that killed 130 people.
“UK police will be assisting the French with their post-incident investigations and supporting them to gather evidence, including evidence against any England fans involved in the disorder,” said the Downing Street spokesperson.
Six British nationals remained in hospital following the violence in Marseille, they added.
Russia was also charged by Uefa over fireworks being let off inside the stadium and racist behaviour, thought to relate to a banner showing the Celtic Cross. It is understood that other Russian far-right flags were also spotted in the stadium and will be included in the disciplinary report.
Old enemy rears its ugly head as England fans clash with police Read more
Piara Powar, the executive director of anti-racism group Fare, which has an official monitoring role for Uefa, said: “We have already identified the fact there is a rump of far-right Russian fans who are setting the tone for a lot of other Russian fans.”
Uefa's control, ethics and disciplinary body will meet on Tuesday to decide on sanctions against Russia before their game against Slovakia in Lille the following day. But Uefa and Euro 2016 organisers will also face tough questions over the policing and security arrangements, amid increasingly loud demands to know why the match was played in Marseille in the first place.
There is understood to be belated acknowledgment at senior levels within Uefa that sticking slavishly to the idea of slotting matches randomly into preselected venues is flawed. That system led not only to England facing Russia on a Saturday evening in the same city where there was large-scale disorder at the 1998 World Cup, but Roy Hodgson's side then facing Wales in Lens, the smallest city in the competition.
Previous incidents of disorder involving the next World Cup hosts are likely to count against Russia, with Saturday's game their first to be organised by Uefa since the lifting of probationary sanctions that were threatened after violent disorder by its fans in Poland four years ago.
Then, Uefa deferred a sanction of ordering Russia to play three home Euro 2016 qualifying games in empty stadiums. The stadium ban would have been activated if fan violence during qualifying matches was repeated. Uefa had initially threatened Russia with a six-point deduction in Euro 2016 qualifying but that was removed on appeal.
Mutko, the Russian sports minister who led its successful bid to host the 2018 World Cup and sits on Fifa's executive committee, insisted in the wake of the trouble that it had been exaggerated. “There was no clash ... That's being exaggerated, in fact everything is fine here,” Mutko told R-Sport. “When the match ended, there was no barrier between the fans. The British were upset, of course, but it all quickly dissolved. Such matches should be organised properly.”
With the Olympic Games slated to return to Tokyo in 2020, a lot of prep work needs to be done. And as facilities are being planned and developed there's also the difficult task of providing entertainment, particularly in the opening ceremony. China's powerful and impressive ceremony raised the bar for what's expected of a country in terms of presenting their culture in a fun and meaningful way.
To get the ball rolling, the Japanese Olympic Committee held a survey asking everyone which musicians they would most like to see appear at the opening ceremony. A total of 143,394 people responded and the following top 20 artists were recently announced.
1 – Southern All Stars (8,939 votes)
2 – Arashi (7,482 votes)
3 – Exile (6,820 votes)
4 – SMAP (5,956 votes)
5 – Yuzu (3,760 votes)
6 – Dreams Come True (3,167 votes)
7 – AKB48 (3,057 votes)
8 – Hikaru Utada (2,952 votes)
9 – B'z (2,840 votes)
10 – Akiko Wada (2,336 votes)
11 – Misia (2,240 votes)
12 – Mr. Children (2,146 votes)
13 – Saori Yuki (2,114 votes)
14 – Masafumi Akikawa (2,063 votes)
15 – Masaharo Fukuyama (2,015 votes)
16 – Saburo Kitajima (2,010 votes)
17 – Keisuke Kuwata (1,944 votes)
18 – Ikimono Gakari (1,888 votes)
19 – Kiyoshi Hikawa (1,876 votes)
20 – Namie Amuro (1,814 votes)
Naturally with a ranking of this nature, readers' reactions were mixed. Some expressed surprise at the first place choice saying “Southern [All Stars] are still alive?” Others went after the various idols and pop acts on the list with comments like “AKB and Arashi? Seriously stop. Especially AKB, we'd be an international laughing stock.” and “If we're including idols, vocaloids and anime songs should also be included.”
Commenters need not worry, however. These results simply express who members of the public want to see at the opening ceremony and may not be what we'll see on stage in seven years, especially with AKB48 who probably will have become a completely different group of girls in such a stretch of time.
It seems a little early to be choosing a representative band given the rate that music changes, but it's good to see the JOC getting to work and testing the waters.
Source: Japanese Olympic Committee via My Game News Flash
Read more stories from RocketNews24. -- Watch the Opening Minutes of Evangelion 3.0 & Official Utada Hikaru Music Video
-- Number of Members in Japanese Music Groups Proportional to Level of Sucking -- Survey to Find Japan's 50 Favorite Western Musical Acts
© RocketNews24
Audi team Comtoyou Racing are hoping to expand to run three cars in the 2018 WTCR season, after a successful first season on the global stage that saw Stefano Comini secure third for the team in the 2017 TCR International Series' drivers' championship.
The Belgian operation was the only team to campaign the brand-new Audi RS 3 LMS full-time in the TCR International Series this year, with 2015 and 2016 title winner Comini competing in every race.
Sports car driver Frédéric Vervisch was added to the team from the third round at Spa-Francorchamps.
The team has set itself the goal of competing in the new WTCR for 2018, and even expanding its entry to three Audi RS 3s if possible, as seeks to develop its relationship with the German marque.
Comtoyou is presently running a newly developed Audi A1 in the Andros Ice Racing Trophy.
“Today I have two cars ready for next year, but next year we'll have three cars in the WTCR hopefully,” said team principal Jean-Michel Baert to TouringCarTimes. “We'll try to do three or four races in TCR Europe and Benelux, and we have another plan in our back pocket, it will be a big challenge, but I can't speak about that at the moment.
“We've done a good job this year, Audi is working very closely with us in TCR, and we have some good plans with Audi for the next years. We'll do more work with them next year; this year was just the first season and it's all been about building that relationship between them and Comtoyou Racing and showing what we can do.
“We finished third in our first season, I'm not totally happy with that as we had the pace to be the second or probably the champions, but third for our first season is still good, but our strategy for next year is to be the champions in the WTCR.”
Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
Share This Build Google+ 0
Country: United States
Words & Pics: bdigel
Contact Builder/Owner: E9 coupe user profile
** PIC HEAVY 700+ **
For over a decade I have been club racing a 79 e12 (http://forums.bimmerforums.com/forum…54-powered-e12) and decided I wanted to try something different.
I aqquired a claped out,rust bucket shell of a 72 cs. this car had no glass, no floors, no drivetrain, no interior, no hood, etc, etc, perfect for what I wanted !
there was just too much gone to make it back into a nice street car, but It's perfect to turn into a restomod club racer , I will use more mordern parts where ever I can. for starters I am installing an s38b36 out of a e34 M5.
Test fit and starting to find location of engine and transmisson.
Here you can see what shape the car was in and how much sheet metal work needs to be done.
New motor mounts being made.
Before and after shots.
New firewall, and trans tunnel before being welded in.
One reason I didn't care that the floors were rusted out was that gave me an opportunity to raise the passenger floor so I can raise the exhaust up into the car, potentially allowing me to lower the car more than the period correct cars., one problem I had on the e12 was I kept ripping the exhaust off the car.
Im ready for my horror shot.
Another place we are using more modern parts is the entire rear suspension. we are using an e28 rear subframe, along with its diff and trailing arm's pictured below is the modified subframe for camber and toe adj.
New subframe bushing being made, we are raising the frame up in the car to help correct the geometry after lowering the car.
Finished bushing along side with sperical trailing arm bushings that are being made, there will be no rubber in this car.
Bushing pressed into the subframe and test fitted in the car.
Refurbished trailing arms , powder coated, and new bearings installed.
A taste of things to come , these wheels are just for testing purpose by the way.
The guys at Synro Design works designed and made these super slick sperical rear trailing bushings.
Before being pressed into the trailing arms.
Trailing arms after new bushing installed.
Finished trailing arm.
The rear suspension assembled.
Close up shot of trailing arms installed.
Test fit in the car. A few quick notes , this is the “Non Stance” way to lower a car , we actually fixed and fabbed things so that the suspension still works . We raised the subframe up into the car to correct the geometry , when we did this we had to cut and channel the body to make room for the trailing arms and diff . Some real craftsmanship being done by the gang at Synro!
Another anti stance design feature , so that I don't drag the exhaust on the ground we are raising it into the car . therefore the rusted out floorboards actually helped us out! this picture actually shows the general route the new exhaust will take.
Some more sheet metal progress , Frank at Synro has done some fantastic work, the trans tunnel is being reworked , and a quite nice tunnel fabbed up to raise the exhaust up.
A shot of the new sheet metal from underneath along with the new euro headers.
Here you can see how far back we shoved the engine.
Some eye candy for you s38 fan's, a brand-new set of euro s38 headers, aka the basket of snakes.
[NEXT PAGE]
Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
Sep 16, '11 07:30:00AM • Contributed by: Anonymous 10.7: Enable AirDrop on Macs without supported wireless hardware
defaults write com.apple.NetworkBrowser BrowseAllInterfaces 1
into a Terminal window, hit enter, and relaunch the Finder.
Note that: You must do this on both the sending and receiving macs, even if one of them already has the correct WiFi hardware (I think).
You will be able to see other macs on the same network, and they will be able to see your Mac (when AirDrop is open), even if they are not physically nearby. On a larger network with many Macs, this could potentially cause some confusion, although it shouldn't be a real security issue. This may be why Apple decided not to enable this feature by default.
Both macs must be connected to the same network somehow (ethernet, existing WiFi network, etc.)
[crarko adds: So here I sit, with only one Lion machine, so I can't fully test this. However, when using the command, it did enable the AirDrop icon in the Finder's Sidebar and said it had become available, so it will likely work, given the caveats mentioned above. To reverse this, just change the 1 in the command to a 0. This will be a great boon to those of us with some older (but still Lion-capable) machines still around.] AirDrop is a handy way to share files between Macs. Unfortunately, it is only supported on newer models which have the hardware necessary to support a certain type of point-to-point WiFi connection. There is, however, a hidden setting to enable AirDrop on older Macs. Just type:into a Terminal window, hit enter, and relaunch the Finder.Note that:So here I sit, with only one Lion machine, so I can't fully test this. However, when using the command, it did enable the AirDrop icon in the Finder's Sidebar and said it had become available, so it will likely work, given the caveats mentioned above. To reverse this, just change the 1 in the command to a 0. This will be a great boon to those of us with some older (but still Lion-capable) machines still around.]
Currently 4.81 / 5 You rated: 4 / 5 (21 votes cast) [78,211 views] Hint Options Printable Hint Format
Subscribe to 'macosxhints.com network tips'
As long-time anti-nuclear activist Harvey Wasserman explained, the Spent fuel rods must be kept cool at all times. If exposed to air, their zirconium alloy cladding will ignite, the rods will burn and huge quantities of radiation will be emitted. Should the rods touch each other, or should they crumble into a big enough pile, an explosion is possible. "In the worst-case scenario," RT adds, the pool could come crashing to the ground, dumping the rods together into a pile that could fission and cause an explosion many times worse than in March 2011. Wasserman says that the plan is so risky it requires a global take-over, an urging Gunter also shared, stating that the "dangerous task should not be left to TEPCO but quickly involve the oversight and management of independent international experts."
Structural damage to Unit4, Fukushima Daichi identified by circles.
Wasserman told Common Dreams that The bring-down of the fuel rods from Fukushima Unit 4 may be the most dangerous engineering task ever undertaken. Every indication is that TEPCO is completely incapable of doing it safely, or of reliably informing the global community as to what's actually happening. There is no reason to believe the Japanese government could do much better. This is a job that should only be undertaken by a dedicated team of the world's very best scientists and engineers, with access to all the funding that could be needed. The potential radiation releases in this situation can only be described as apocalyptic. The cesium alone would match the fallout of 14,000 Hiroshima bombs. If the job is botched, radiation releases could force the evacuation of all humans from the site, and could cause electronic equipment to fail. Humankind would be forced to stand helplessly by as billions of curies of deadly radiation pour into the air and the ocean.
As dire as Wasserman's warning sounds, it is echoed by fallout researcher Christina Consolo, who told RT that the worst case scenario could be "a true apocalypse." Gunter's warning was dire as well. "Time is of the essence as we remain concerned that another earthquake could still topple the damaged reactor building and the nuclear waste storage pond up in its attic," they continued. "This could literally re-ignite the nuclear accident in the open atmosphere and inflame it into hemispheric proportions," said Gunter. Wasserman says that given the gravity of the situation, the eyes of the world should be upon Fukushima: This is a question that transcends being anti-nuclear. The fate of the earth is at stake here and the whole world must be watching every move at that site from now on. With 11,000 fuel rods scattered around the place, as a ceaseless flow of contaminated water poisoning our oceans, our very survival is on the line.
________ This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License
The following is a guest post written by NEI's Tom Kauffman. Though Tom works in NEI's media relations shop. They also spent 23 years working at Three Mile Island, seven of those as a licensed reactor operator. There has been a spate of online posts and articles claiming that the failure of the used fuel storage pool at Fukushima Daiichi Unit 4 could result in: “a big explosion, a meltdown in the pool, or a large fire,” that could have widespread health effects all over the world. These claims are false and irresponsible. Consider the facts:
If for any reason there was a rapid loss of water from the Unit 4 storage pool exposing all of the used fuel to air, the used fuel can't catch fire or melt because it has been cooled for more than two and-a-half years and no longer generates enough heat to damage itself. The used fuel in the pools at the other three damaged Fukushima units is even older and colder. By design, it is physically impossible for the fuel in any commercial reactor in Japan or the U.S. to explode like a nuclear weapon. It's impossible because the concentration of uranium in the fuel is far too low to cause a nuclear explosion. And there's nothing that can be done at a site to change that.
dean4fukushimahelp said...
I am with SimplyInfo.org and function as a Fukushima Nuspent fuel pool nuclear research specialist. My career spanned 35 years in the nuclear industry. There have been many articles on presumed dangers with fuel in the unit 4 spent fuel pool. I have written articles on the pool and the fuel assemblies which is found on the web link. I agree with the statements in this article and in addition, want to dispel factless information being spread the if one fuel assembly touches another in the unit 4 pool, a criticality accident will happen with no control capability. To set the record straight, it takes 12 BWR fuel assemblies configured geometrically in water to reach a condition where criticality is possible. The water is needed to act as a moderator. Our concern in fuel handling is focused on damaged fuel assemblies which may loose fuel pellets what could be fractured and release the fission fragment isotopes into the building and atmosphere.
October 28, 2013 at 8:20 AM
Predictions are made at each of the four decay times using best-estimate parameters. These parameters include an overall wall heat transfer coefficient of 2 W/m2-K and a ventilation rate of 2 building volumes per hour. These results represent the best estimate of the fuel temperatures and the convective flow fields, given the assumptions and limitations of this model. ... The primary result is the decay time sensitivity given in Figure 19. The data from cases f2v2h2, f3v2h2, f4v2h2, and f6v2h2 are plotted. Critical decay times of 26 and 35 months are noted on the figure for temperature limits of 800 0C and 600 °C, respectively. Critical decay time is defined as the post shutdown time required to ensure fuel temperatures don't rise above predefined temperature limits after a complete loss of fuel pool coolant. The 26 month decay time, associated with the 800 0C temperature limit, has significant uncertainty due to the model limitations at elevated temperatures discussed earlier.
The conclusions made in the Common Dreams article are strongly disputed by multiple experts associated with the U.S. nuclear power industry. Tom Kauffman of the Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI) wrote "These claims are false and irresponsible".A spent fuel expert added a comment to Tom Kaufmann's post to clarify questions about criticality at unit 4. Blog comments are generally poor sources of information but this comment demonstrates specialized expertise with spent fuel management.The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission had concerns about the safety of spent fuel pools at BWRs in the U.S. with the same design as Fukushima unit 4. To address these concerns, the NRC sponsored a research project to determine what might happen if a BWR spent fuel pool lost its cooling water. In June, 2000 the NRC published the results of this research in NUREG-1726 Predictions of Spent Fuel Heatup After a Complete Loss of Spent Fuel Pool Coolant
Based on the worst case curve developed by the NRC research, the spent fuel pool at unit 4 could run out of water now and temperatures would stay below 700 Celsius, given that over 2.5 years have passed since the spent fuel was removed from the reactor. The spent fuel is presently generating a little over a thousandth of the heat it was producing per rod the day it was removed from the reactor.
Assertions that individual spent fuel rods could catch fire upon removal are not credible.
However, if the structure of Unit 4 collapsed in a major earthquake and a large mass of rods piled up in the wreckage, the NRC's cooling model no longer applies. The spent fuel does not contain enough fisssionable material to explode like a weapon, but it could get very hot if a number of rods piled up. Hydrogen would be generated in the hypothetical mass so the possibility of hydrogen explosions cannot be precluded in a collapse scenario. Moreover, rainwater and groundwater could act as a moderator increasing the risk of localized criticality events.
Update The spent fuel pool apparently contains 200 assemblies of brand-new fuel. This fuel is cool but it contains more fissionable U-235 than spent fuel so it has a greater risk of accidental criticality than spent fuel.
Note: there is confusion in the terminology about spent fuel components used in the various articles. The graphic below by the USNRC shows the correct terminology.
Components of a nuclear reactor's fuel assembly.
Arnie Gundersen, Fairewinds' Chief Engineer: The Unit 4 fuel pool has 200 bundles of brand-new fuel. Brand-new fuel, while cold as a cucumber, runs the risk of starting a nuclear chain reaction. The nuclear fuel in the new portion of the pool is more likely to undergo what we call an inadvertent criticality, a nuclear chain reaction that nobody wants. I build fuel racks, and I know that the gap between the fuel is really, really critical. If the fuel gets too close together you will get a chain reaction. That's not something you want to happen in the fuel pool. As they're pulling this fuel out, they have to be very, very cautious that they don't get the fuel too close together.
...end update
The huge inventory of radionuclides at unit 4 would be at risk of further contaminating the Pacific ocean if a major earthquake brought down the spent fuel pool. In my opinion, the spent fuel needs to be removed from the damaged structure. We already have 3 melted-down reactor cores contaminating water that is partially reaching the Pacific.
Multiple investigations by journalists have revealed severe labor problems at Fukushima, including the involvement of the Japanese Mafia, the Yakuza, in subcontracting the labor supply. Serious concerns about TEPCO's ability to manage the decommissioning and decontamination at Fukushima, have been documented in many reports. Hitachi/GE the contractor that handled spent fuel removal dry run may be an exception to the cases identified by journalists, but the concerns about the quality of TEPCO's management are valid, in my opinion.
Blogger exSKF, who has been reliably reporting from Japan on the situation at Fukushima Daiichi since the tsunami hit, translated anonymous interviews from a Japanese magazine that portray horrific labor conditions on site. These workers have been dealing with the large amounts of contaminated water around the damaged reactor units 1, 2 and 3. The anonymous interviews cannot be directly verified, but they are consistent with other investigations including a major Reuters report.
Worker C: Some of TEPCO's affiliate companies put in the bid with ridiculously low price and caused the deflation of labor cost at Fukushima I. Workers include people sent here by yakuzas for their debts and down and out yakuzas themselves. The site is full of yakuzas and rank amateurs... 作業員B 原発に潜入したジャーナリストが「作業員の1割はヤクザ」と本で書いとったけど、たしかにヤクザ者は増えた。刺青入れた作業員にも会ったことあるわ。安く人を派遣して中抜きしたり、単純にシノギとして若い衆を派遣したりしとるんやろね。一方でヤクザに頼りでもしないと、人が集まらんのも事実。 Worker B: A journalist who smuggled themselves into the plant wrote in their book that "10% of workers are yakuza". I do see more yakuzas. I have met workers with tattoo. They may be sending cheap workers and skimming the wages, or sending young yakuzas simply as means to make money. On the other hand, it's a fact that they can't secure workers unless they rely on yakuza. 作業員D そもそも事故対策を考えてなかった会社に事故対応をやらせることが間違い。しかもプライドは高いから「このままでは無理です」と頭を下げることもできない。汚染水はどんどん増えるのに、作業員はどんどん減っていく。それなのに子ども・被災者支援法はあっても被曝労働者の支援法はないというんだから、そのうち素人もヤクザもイチエフからいなくなってしまいますよ。 Worker D: To begin with, it is a mistake to let a company handle the accident when that company didn't even have countermeasures in case of an accident. They are too proud to admit they can't do it under the current condition. Contaminated water keep increasing, workers keep decreasing. There is a law for supporting children and disaster victims, but there is nothing for radiation-exposed workers. Soon, not even yakuza nor amateurs will remain at Fukushima I Nuke Plant. 作業員A/神奈川県出身の30代男性。事故直後、自ら志願して福島へ
作業員B/大阪府出身の40代男性。いわき市の寮から、原発に通う
作業員C/東京都出身の20代男性。街中で声をかけられ転職を決意
作業員D/事故前から福島第一で働く地元・福島県出身のベテラン
In reviewing Fukushima working conditions, Reuters interviewed more than 80 workers, employers and officials involved in the unprecedented nuclear clean-up. A common complaint: the project's dependence on a sprawling and little scrutinized network of subcontractors - many of them inexperienced with nuclear work and some of them, police say, have ties to organized crime. Tepco sits atop a pyramid of subcontractors that can run to seven or more layers and includes construction giants such as Kajima Corp and Obayashi Corp in the first tier. The embattled utility remains in charge of the work to dismantle the damaged Fukushima reactors, a government-subsidized job expected to take 30 years or more. .... The unprecedented Fukushima nuclear clean-up both inside and outside the plant faces a deepening shortage of workers. There are about 25 percent more openings than applicants for jobs in Fukushima prefecture, according to government data. Raising wages could draw more workers but that has not happened, the data shows. Tepco is under pressure to post a profit in the year to March 2014 under a turnaround plan Japan's top banks recently financed with $5.9 billion in new loans and refinancing. In 2011, in the wake of the disaster, Tepco cut pay for its own workers by 20 percent.
The report translated by blogger exSKF is completely consistent with a recent Reuters special report that involved interviewing over 80 personnel involved in the Fukushima clean up. The shortage of qualified workers has been an opportunity for the yakuza. Gangsters have stepped in to supply labor to subcontract to TEPCO's contractors. The yakuza's labor pool is the most desperate men in Japan. They are poorly trained, suffer from wage theft, and are over-worked and demoralized. TEPCO is enabling the yakuza because management is unwilling to cut profits to pay competitive wages.
TEPCO is involved in criminal mismanagement of the Fukushima clean up, in my opinion. The activists' concern's about TEPCO's incompetence are valid, in my opinion.
We are depending on desperate men working for gangsters to protect the Pacific ocean from contamination by massive inventories of radioactivity.
Image caption Wikipedia has pulled its English-language articles in protest against a US anti-piracy bill
Wikipedia has blacked out its English-language site for 24 hours. So how will its regular readers get information?
Work-averse students, corner-cutting journalists and people who simply enjoy wasting time online are in for a testing day.
Wikipedia, the user-generated internet encyclopaedia, has taken part in a temporary "blackout" in protest against the proposed US anti-piracy laws known as Sopa and Pipa. Users attempting to access the site see a black screen and a political statement: "Imagine a world without free knowledge."
It might be an inconvenience for those who rely on it - although for those with the wherewithal to turn off Javascript or access the site via Google cache, there are still ways into Wikipedia. But the blackout still acts as a reminder that there are plenty of other places to look for information.
Perhaps the most loyal Wikipedia addicts will find this a pleasant change. Alternatively, for those who have come to depend on it, the withdrawal symptoms might be excruciating.
Either way, the shutdown offers a rare insight into what the modern world would look like minus Wikipedia.
Go to the library
Those feeling lost without Wikipedia can turn to that most traditional of research tools - the book.
How to get around the blackout Students finishing essays, sports fans looking to settle an argument - or perhaps journalists wanting to check a fact - are going to be in trouble today. Wikipedia has gone black. If you need to find out about other topics, try the mobile site - strangely, still working. Or use one of Wikipedia's language sites and have Google Translate render it into English. More from Rory
It's a habit they should get into more often, according to Andrew Orlowski, executive editor of technology news site The Register.
While they believe the internet's egalitarian ethos has been a positive force, Orlowski fears that it has also come at the expense of standards of scholarship and expertise normally required by editors of the printed word. "It encourages a kind of intellectual laziness," they add.
The campaign to save libraries in the UK threatened by cuts might suggest they continue to occupy a unique place in the public affections, regardless of hi-tech competitors.
But for Dr Mark Graham of the Oxford Internet Institute, who has studied the Wikipedia phenomenon, they have some serious disadvantages compared with their online equivalents.
"For many people just getting to a library is hard, it's time-consuming, whereas you can consult Wikipedia anywhere, from your phone," they say. "It's open access, it's free."
Pick up the phone
It's the time-honoured technique employed by fact-checkers, researchers and journalists. If in doubt, ring an expert and ask them.
Sopa and Pipa explained The US bills are designed to block access to sites containing unauthorised copyright material. Content owners and the US government would be given the power to request court orders to shut down sites associated with piracy. Advertisers, payment processors and internet service providers would be forbidden from doing business with infringers based overseas. Sopa also requires search engines to remove foreign infringing sites from their results, a provision absent in Pipa. Full explanation on Sopa and Pipa Sites go dark in US law protest
Orlowski believes it is a habit many regular Wikipedia readers could benefit from adopting. A university professor, for instance, will have attained their status though hard work and study, they say - Wikipedia editors, by contrast, only need a broadband connection.
But supporters of the site argue that it does not claim the same authority as peer-reviewed scholarship and should, instead, be seen as a starting point for research.
Moreover, Graham argues that Wikipedia's collaborative editing ensures mistakes are quickly corrected - a verdict backed up by a 2005 study by the journal Nature.
"It's hard to keep blatant falsehoods up for long because there are so many eyeballs on it," they say.
Other websites
It might not be apparent from some of the more fevered coverage of the shutdown, but there is plenty of internet out there beyond Wikipedia.
As such, the site's rivals no doubt braced themselves for a surge in traffic.
Those looking a reference fix can turn to the online edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, which claims to be the oldest such compendium still in print.
Online-only alternatives include Scholarpedia, whose entries are peer-reviewed by experts, Encyclopedia.com, and Citizendium, which was set up by Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger.
If all else fails, those who cannot cope without Wikipedia for 24 hours can familiarise themselves with Google cache.
See for yourself
Wikipedia in figures Estimated 365 million readers worldwide
Editions in 283 languages
20 million articles, 3.8 million of them in English
100,000 regular contributors
Ranked as the sixth most popular website in the world Source: Wikipedia
For the most dedicated browsers, it is perhaps the most radical solution of all - switch off your computer altogether and see the world for yourself.
Orlowski hopes this is a trend that catches on. While the internet has undoubtedly broadened the scope for sharing human knowledge, they argue, people have become accustomed to acquiring knowledge through their computer screens rather than first-hand.
"The primacy of direct experience has definitely been lost," they say. "People end up relying on other people's opinions."
Graham agrees that looking beyond Wikipedia's parameters is no bad thing. For instance, the site tells us a lot about the West but considerably less about Africa, they argue.
"Wikipedia does a great job of telling us what it knows about," they say. "But there are huge gaps."
Use your memory
If all else fails, those struggling to come up with the name of the capital of Laos or the birthplace of Otis Redding can always try falling back on their powers of recall.
Or can they?
Orlowski suspects many dedicated web users have, like him, become too accustomed to the ease and convenience of search engines and online sources to depend on their memory.
"It's too late for that," they say ruefully. "It's like second nature now."
Twins catcher Joe Mauer was placed on the seven-day concussion disabled list yesterday after taking multiple foul tips off their mask in Monday's game led to dizziness 24 hours later and as LaVelle E. Neal III of the Minneapolis Star Tribune notes Mauer is the fifth catcher currently on the concussion DL.
Mauer joins Alex Avila, John Jaso, Carlos Corporan, and Yorvit Torrealba on the concussion DL and within the past month fellow catchers Salvador Perez, Ryan Doumit, and David Ross have been sidelined by concussions. Even minor league catching prospect Tommy Joseph of the Phillies recently had their season ended by a concussion.
Obviously plenty of non-catchers have had concussions too, but the rate at which catchers are suffering brain injuries this season is startling. At any given time there are somewhere between 60 and 75 catchers on MLB rosters and within the past 30 days around 15 percent of them have been on the disabled list specifically designed for concussions. MLB has made major strides in terms of concussion awareness and treatment in general, but it's time to take a long look at the physical toll catching takes on someone's brain before careers and lives are ruined.
Follow @AaronGleeman
"You got it, dude." That's what the Full House cast and creators may soon be saying to the idea of bringing back the family sitcom.
Warner Bros. Television is in the early stages of reviving the John Stamos, Bob Saget and Dave Coulier comedy, The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed.
As first reported by TV Guide magazine, star Stamos (Uncle Jesse), original exec producer Bob Boyett and series creator Jeff Franklin are leading the charge to bring back the comedy for another run — with some of the original cast on board. Franklin is writing the new version, and former stars Candace Cameron Bure (D.J.), Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie) and Andrea Barber (Kimmy) also are on board, while Saget (Danny) and Coulier (Joey) also are said to be involved in some capacity. No word on whether twins Mary-Kate and/or Ashley Olsen (who played Michelle) would be along for the ride.
The cast has been vocal of late about a potential sequel. Stamos recently told Watch What Happens Live that they were "working on a twist on a sequel," but noted that it was unclear at the time if it would come to pass. The three leading men reunited in January on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon in a bit complete with Joey's Mr. Woodchuck. Last year, Stamos also reunited their fictional Full House band, Uncle Jesse & the Rippers, to play a medley of their hits with Saget in the audience. They also reunited for a Super Bowl commercial for Dannon's Oikos Greek yogurt. In July, Coulier gathered Saget, Stamos, Bure and Franklin for their wedding in Montana.
The news comes as repeats of the series, which ran on ABC from 1987 to 1995, remain a ratings standout on Nick at Nite and as fellow TGIF comedy Boy Meets World was relaunched this year with a follow-up, Girl Meets World, with much of the original cast returning in some capacity.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
Jose Mourinho insists Manchester United's hectic-looking pre-season schedule will help rather than hinder, going as far to say as their American tour is 'perfect'.
Complaints about the Reds' fixtures list dominated the end of last season, with the Portuguese's side not only juggling domestic exertions but their run to Europa League glory.
It was therefore a little bit surprising to see how packed their 2017-18 preparations have been, with Sunday's penalty shootout win against Real Madrid their fourth friendly in nine days.
Jose Mourinho does not fear Manchester United's schedule will negatively impact their side
David de Gea was the penalty shootout hero as United overcame Real Madrid in Santa Clara
Matches against the LA Galaxy, Real Salt Lake and Manchester City in Houston preceded the Santa Clara encounter, with United then heading to Washington to take on Barcelona in Wednesday's final match Stateside.
Friendlies in Norway and Ireland follow before the UEFA Super Cup in Macedonia on August 8, but Mourinho does not fear the schedule will negatively impact United.
Asked if the air miles being put into their players' legs were a concern, the United boss retorted: 'No, no, no. For us, not a lot of travelling.
'We managed to organise the pre-season in a way where we were based in LA for 15 days, which is fantastic to be always in the same hotel, always in the same training ground.
The United players have travelled a fair bit but jet lag has not proved to be a problem
Mourinho has been impressed with the logistics of the club's tour of the US this summer
'The flights were quiet, short flights to go to Real Salt Lake, Houston was not a problem, and now we are on our way back home.
'We come here and now we go to DC and DC is halfway home, almost.
'In terms of jet lag, it is halfway home, so these next three days in DC is not a problem, it is just a good thing for us on our way back.
'And after that we have two more matches to play in Norway and Ireland, travelling in the same day, short flights, so I am really happy with our pre-season.
'And if (Juan) Mata and Ander (Herrera) are not a real problem in terms of injuries, I would say perfect pre-season for us.'
United's American tour has certainly gone far smoother than last year's farcical trip to China.
Lingard scored the opener with a simple tap-in after excellent work from Anthony Martial
Mourinho pushed through plans to spend pre-season in America over the Far East this time
Bureaucracy, disorganisation and bad luck meant their money-spinning International Champions Cup involvement ended shambolically, with the friendly against City in Beijing called off to the quagmire Bird's Nest surface.
Mourinho has long preferred pre-season taking place in the USA, in particular Los Angeles, and will be pushing to come back across the Atlantic next year.
'It is the best,' the United boss said earlier in the week.
'It is the best and I will try everything with my club to be back because, with all the respect, Asia is beautiful, commercially it's fantastic for the clubs, but the conditions to work are completely different.
'Here it is about the facilities, about the organisation and everything is perfect, so we are going to try to persuade the club and Relevent (ICC organisers) to bring us back again.'
Oct. 11, 2017, 4:19 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 11, 2017, 4:19 PM GMT By Carmen Sesin
FEMA authorized $70 million to Puerto Rico's water authority as questions arise over the safety of the potable water that has been restored, the agency announced Wednesday morning.
Although the president of the Authority of Aqueducts and Sewers (AAA as it's known in Spanish) defended the quality of the drinking water, the EPA is recommending that Puerto Ricans take steps to ensure the water is safe for drinking.
“Right now, we recommend that all water be used for drinking, brushing teeth, cooking, or washing dishes be boiled,” Puerto Rico's EPA director Carmen Guerrero, was quoted saying by the island's newspaper El Nuevo Dia.
Guerrero said that though the water supplied by AAA complies with the standards of the Health Department, there have been ruptures along the pipes that can cause contamination and noted the call is for prevention.
Migdalia Aceuedo (R) and their son Mathews Rosado Acevedo collect spring water for their house by a downed power line nearly three weeks after Hurricane Maria hit the island, on October 10, 2017 in Utuado, Puerto Rico. Mario Tama / Getty Images
Around 63 percent of the island currently has potable water, a number that has been slowly increasing, since Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico three weeks ago. But dozens of water and wastewater treatment plants remain inactive after the hurricane. And damage to the laboratories where water quality is analyzed has forced the island's water authority to outsource the task to private entities.
RELATED: Puerto Ricans Find Solace, And Fresh Water, At Roadside Spout
The president of the AAA, Elí Díaz Atienza, has ruled out ruptures and damage to pipes and told El Nuevo Dia “the water that is coming to the houses compiles with all the federal and state requirements.”
RELATED: Speaker Ryan Heading to Puerto Rico As Death Toll Increases
The EPA has been working with federal and local governments to assist in the aftermath of hurricane Maria. On Sunday, the EPA received permission from the government of Puerto Rico to use sodium dichloroisocyanurate (NaDCC) tablets for water purification. The tablets were donated by the UN World Food Programme and are used to disinfect water.
The EPA, which has authorized a total of $210 million in aid to Puerto Rico, urges citizens to purify water until further notice to prevent gastrointestinal outbreaks and other diseases.
In Washington, administration officials held a briefing for all House members on they relief effort in Puerto Rico. Rep. Darren Soto, D-Fla., said those who attended were members with significant Puerto Rican communities in their districts.
Soto described a meeting where agency officials defensive spoke of a good job they were doing. "Most of us expected them to point out their shortfalls and how they are going to overcome them," Soto said.
Soto said their biggest concern is whether the air assets being used for the relief are sufficient. They said they asked how many daily drops were being done, but the officials did not have that information, which they thought they should know.
"I was hoping they'd be more prepared. There are major cities and towns outside San Juan that are not getting daily drops," Soto said.
Rep. Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 Democrat in the House, said administration officials informed the members that it has executed two contracts to mobilize "whatever it takes to restore the power grid in Puerto Rico, which is an important step."
"I was also pleased that they are beginning discussion on long-term efforts to build the islands to 21st century standards. While progress is being made, I continue to be deeply concerned by reports that there are still rural communities in Puerto that are desperate for food and water," said Hoyer, D-Md.
There is some concern among Democrats that Wednesday marked three weeks since Hurricane Maria made landfall and communities are still without life-saving resources, according to a Democratic aide.
Some are troubled that by what seems to be a disconnect between FEMA and the governor, the aide said. FEMA has said it is fulfilling every request that comes from Puerto Rico's Gov. Ricardo Rosselló.
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Nice Guys Never Win (Neither Do Mean Girls)
For years, we've been hearing from fictional alpha males like Ari Gold and Gordon Gekko that nice guys finish last. Now, according to a collection of studies soon to be released in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, there appears to be some truth to the axiom. While nice guys don't necessarily finish last, they rarely finish first. Researchers Beth A. Livingston of Cornell, Timothy A. Judge of Notre Dame, and Charlice Hurst of the University of Western Ontario, show how “agreeableness” negatively affects monetary earnings. Moreover, their research shows that this “agreeable gap” is more pronounced in men than women, who still trail their male counterparts. Here's a full version of the study. And here's the abstract:
Sex and agreeableness were hypothesized to affect income, such that women and agreeable individuals were hypothesized to earn less than men and less agreeable individuals. Because agreeable men disconfirm (and disagreeable men confirm) to conventional gender roles, agreeableness was expected to be more negatively related to income for men (i.e., the pay gap between agreeable men and agreeable women would be smaller than the gap between disagreeable men and disagreeable women). The hypotheses were supported across four studies. Study 1 confirmed the effects of sex and agreeableness on income and that the agreeableness – income relationship was significantly more negative for men than for women, controlling for each of the other Big Five traits. Study 2 showed that the differential effects of agreeableness on income for men versus women were replicated when job responsibility and occupational status were taken into account. A third study, using a policy-capturing design, yielded evidence for the argument that the joint effects of agreeableness and gender are due to backlash against agreeable men.
The paper goes on to state:
Nice guys do not necessarily finish last, but they do finish a distant second in terms of earnings. From a humanistic perspective, it seems remarkably unfair that men who are amiable would be so heavily penalized for not conforming to gender norms. Yet, seen from the perspective of gender equity, even the nice guys seem to be making out quite well relative to either agreeable or disagreeable women.
The authors are careful to tease out what exactly constitutes “disagreeable.” Rather than a raving psychopath, a disagreeable person is “more likely than people high in trait agreeableness to behave disagreeably in certain situations by, for instance, aggressively advocating for their position during conflicts (van de Vliert & Euwema, 2004).”
Women, on the other hand, experience a smaller gap in earnings in terms of their relative “niceness,” and still earn salaries well below their male counterparts.
Descendants Beer & Beverage now open in Kitchener
Kitchener – Descendants Beer & Beverage Co. today announced its new brewery at 319 Victoria St North is now open.
The brewing company has been operating on a contract basis since 2014, founded by Robin Molloy and Lee Brooks. The pair is also currently involved in launching a small brewery in nearby New Hamburg called Bitte Schön Brauhaus.
The newly opened location will offer a retail store selling beer in growlers, cans, bottles, kegs and by the glass. A small onsite kitchen will serve charcuterie, paninis, pretzels, desserts and other simple bierhalle-style foods.
“We hope everyone enjoys the atmosphere we are creating at the brewery. We've worked really hard to craft a place that is fun and inviting; a place that we would want to hang out in ourselves. We are eager to see people's reactions to what we've accomplished so far and we're not done yet,” says co-owner Lee Brooks.
Descendants mainstay offerings currently include Harbinger American Pale Ale and Reynard the Fox Golden Wry Ale.
Greg Henderson has spent the better part of the 2013 season as the final piece in the Lotto-Belisol lead-out train dedicated to delivering Andre Greipel to the line. Having enjoyed much success, the Kiwi and the German have been likened to the one-two punch of Mark Renshaw and Mark Cavendish in their HTC-Highroad days. Related Articles Greg Henderson confirms retirement
Henderson: Lotto sprint train to go back to basics to continue success
Henderson extends contract with Lotto-Belisol
On the lead in to the 2013 Vuelta a España, however, 'Hendo' finds themselves with the rare opportunity to sprint for himself. There will be no Andre Greipel, no Mark Cavendish and no Marcel Kittel. Thus with the sprints very much an open contest, Henderson is a likely candidate to be throwing hooks, head-butts and hopefully their hands in the air.
The question is, do they have the speed? Are they recovered from the Tour de France? And how on earth do they plan to survive the Spanish saw-tooth profiles?
Cyclingnews: Coming into the Vuelta without Andre Greipel in the team gives you the chance to chase stage wins for yourself, is that the aim?
Greg Henderson: I wouldn't put a plural on it, just one would be nice! Absolutely I'd like to win a stage. There's obviously not too many chances for the sprinters so I'll give it a red hot one. The team objective is obviously a GC result for Jelle Vanendert and then of course we've got a lot of opportunists that can get in breakaways and win stages also.
CN: Backtracking to the Tour de France, Jürgen Roelandts told Cyclingnews that the Lotto-Belisol lead up to the Tour was focused on flatter races such as the ZLM tour and the Tour of Belgium. Looking back, do you think avoiding the traditional hillier lead in races was successful?
GH: Absolutely. For the sprinters, we don't go into the Tour already tired. It's a really big objective to turn up fresh. Just speaking to other guys that have done the Giro first or even Tour of Suisse -they're hard races- and the Giro is very mentally hard for three weeks.
For a sprinter to get over those mountains the Tour of Suisse, it's hard! By doing these flatter races it gives us the chance to train and gives us five or six chances to work on our lead out in a race situation. They're perfect, so in my opinion it's a really good build up for the Tour for us.
CN: By extension though, if doing the Giro before the Tour de France is too hard, can you say that you now recovered from the Tour in order to ride well at the Vuelta?
GH: Yeah, I think I've recovered quite well. I've had a good block of training. Obviously I didn't push it too hard in the first couple of weeks [after the Tour de France], the body's doing a lot of repairing. But in the last few weeks I've done some really good hours on the bike, but nothing super strenuous.
CN: The bulk of your races this year have been focused solely on delivering Andre Greipel to the line. Now, with the chance to sprint for yourself, does this change things for you in terms of motivation?
GH: Not very much actually. I haven't sprinted for a couple of years now so I know I'm lacking that top end punch. That real explosive power because I just haven't trained that for a couple of years.
But I also know that my top end speed –once I'm up and going- is fast enough so I'm actually really looking forward to it. There's no pressure on me so I'll have a go absolutely. I know where to be [in the sprint finishes], I know everything in terms of the psychological side of it as well. But whether I've physical side of it down, well that's a different story!
It's going to be a nice change with no major pressure because it's not like I'm riding with Greipel on my wheel, and I have to be at the right place at the right time. And the lead-out has to be done correctly. Because nine times out ten Greipel will win if we do it right ... so, frankly, I'm pretty excited about it.
CN: Although it's relaxing not having the pressure of having to perfect a lead-out for Greipel, do you think you may not push yourself to perform as well without that extra ten percent pressure?
GH: Naaaaah! I mean once you get within a couple of kilometres of the finish line -I mean we're professional athletes- it's race on. And when you're a competitive little bastard like I am, and the race kicks in … you give everything one-hundred-percent no question. I'll be pushing for gaps don't you worry.
I mean, when I'm riding for Greipel, you're sprinting for like a hundred kilometres before it really starts, and you're thinking 'god this is shithouse'. So with this, it's a different mindset, I'll just roll along until the final. Then it's business as usual.
CN: And who will you be watching in the sprints?
GH: None of the fast, fast, sprinters are there. Like Cavendish, Greipel or Kittel, and they're your really fast ones that are pretty much untouchable. So there's no else really. I mean, having said that, of course all the sprinters coming to the Vuelta are fast, but it's one of those three that you really look out for normally.
Because there is no headline sprinter I think we could see different winners every day, which makes it nice for a bunch sprint. Ones to watch will be Belkin who've got a dedicated train for Theo Bos.
You've also got GreenEdge with two really good sprinters in Leigh Howard and Michael Mathews and they have a train to go with it. So I'll be stepping around that sort of area and keeping an eye on the guys I know and try and use them as much as I can to get in position.
CN: And are you looking forward to the 11 hill top finishes or would you prefer not to think about it?
GH: Well, I've got a 34 [tooth chainring] and I've got a 29 plate so it will all work out!
Russia will carry out two unmanned test launches of Soyuz carrier rockets in the coming fall before using them to deliver crews to the International Space Station, a source in the Russian space industry said on Friday.
Russia will carry out two unmanned test launches of Soyuz carrier rockets in the coming fall before using them to deliver crews to the International Space Station, a source in the Russian space industry said on Friday.
One of the Soyuz rockets will be used to deliver a new Progress M-13M space freighter to the ISS, the source said.
Wednesday's accident involving a Soyuz rocket, when a Progress M-12M space freighter was lost because of a rocket engine failure, raised questions about Russia's ability to fulfill its obligations in delivering crews to and from the ISS.
A high-ranking source in the Russian space industry, as well as NASA officials, suggested that the next mission to the ISS due in September was likely to be delayed because of the accident.
After the retirement of the U.S. shuttle fleet earlier this summer, Russian Soyuz spacecraft became the only way for astronauts to reach the ISS until at least the middle of the decade. NASA is paying its Russian counterpart Roscosmos more than $1 billion for crew transport services over the next four years.
The accident, the second spacecraft loss for the Russian space industry in within a week, prompted an order by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to review and improve control procedures in the space industry. Russian space agency Roscosmos said it would set up a special commission for this purpose.
Controversial file-sharing website The Pirate Bay has had more than its share of legal troubles over the past few years – investigations, raids, fines. Now the site has come up with a radical new plan: hosting its servers on unmanned flying drones.
­According to TPB's most recent blog post, being down-to-earth is just not doing it for them anymore. So they are looking to take advantage of advanced technologies like the super-small Raspberry Pi computer, GPS-controlled drones and far-reaching cheap radio equipment.
The plan is to mount the cheap radio devices and computers on drones (“Low Orbit Server Stations”) and launch them high above neutral territory over the ocean.
"With modern radio transmitters we can get over 100Mbps per node up to 50km away. For the proxy system we're building, that's more than enough. This way our machines will have to be shut down with aeroplanes in order to shut down the system. A real act of war,” the blog says.
For what it is worth, most of the comments on the blog post are very supportive of this outlandish idea. And it certainly would lend support to TPB's slogan, “the galaxy's most resilient system”. The question now is: will they actually be able to pull it off?
​Chelsea are said to be on the hunt for an accomplished secondary striker to deputise new signing Alvaro Morata, and Crystal Palace's Christian Benteke has surfaced as a potential target.
Despite Michy Batshuayi's potent form for the Blues in-front of goal of late, Antonio Conte is vying to bolster their attacking ranks, although the Eagles' Belgium international - according to a report published by Independent - is unwilling to play second fiddle at the Premier League champions, with the 2018 World Cup in Russia being just around the corner.
Starting week in, week out is a reality for the striker who made the switch to Selhurst Park from Liverpool last summer in a deal worth £27m, ultimately Benteke is aiming to have a strong season under Frank de Boer next term to earn a seat on Belgium's plane next summer.
Benteke, 26, helped the south Londoners avoid the drop last season and scored 17 goals throughout the 2016-17 campaign in all competitions, a return which Conte is said to admire.
Swansea City's Fernando Llorente, 32, has also been pinpointed by the Italian boss as a worthy understudy to former Real Madrid attacker Morata.
However Benteke - speaking whilst on Palace's pre-season tour (via Express) - revealed that they are indeed 'very happy' in their current surroundings and wants to play a part in de Boer's project at the club next term in order to compete at next year's World Cup.
“I am very happy. Since we came back I did not really want to talk but I want to be here." They claimed.
“I want to be part of the project of the manager. I want to perform and to score more goals and to really help the team to reach where they want to be.
“There is the World Cup [next summer] and that is an important aspect of being with the club — and you have to perform to be part of that group.”
Who scored these famous last minute goals? Who scored the winning goal in the 94th minute vs. QPR that won Manchester City the title in 2012? Who scored Barcelona's injury-time goal to knock PSG out of this year's Champions League Quarter Final? Who scored for the Netherlands in the 89th minute to send Argentina crashing out of the 1998 World Cup? Who scored the all-important equalizing goal against Greece to send England through to the 2002 FIFA World Cup? Who scored Real Madrid's 93rd minute equalising goal against Atletico Madrid in the 2014 Champions League final to send the game into extra time? You don't know a thing. Better hit the history books! Not bad, but you can do better! Great job! You really know your football history!
Sachin and Binny play delivery boys Flipkart's billionaire founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal spent most of Friday delivering products to the homes of customers who had ordered from their portal during the on-going festive season Big Billion Days sale.
NEW DELHI: Making a CV is probably the most boring part of the applying for a job, but a necessary evil nevertheless, but even that can become a fun task if you have the creative flair. That's exactly what happened when an IIT Kharagpur student recently applied for a product management vacancy at Indian e-commerce Flipkart The IIT graduate, Aakash Neeraj Mittal, tried a novel way of getting their foot in the door for the Flipkart job by trying to sell themselves on the e-commerce website!Harsh Bajaj, who was Mittal's junior at IIT Kharagpur, said in a Quora post: A senior of mine used this really interesting way to make their resume for Flipkart by putting themselves for sale on the online e-commerce giant! Literally tried to ‘sell themselves ‘.”This is exactly what Mittal wrote, according to Bajaj: "When you are a 6-pointer and competing with best of the best minds of the country, you know how hard it is to land a job. You start doing some crazy and random stuff to stand out from the crowd. This is my resume for Flipkart's APM Profile.”Check it out below:Despite the creative way of selling themselves to Flipkart, Mittal unfortunately did not get the interview call from the company.
41 Interesting Facts About Tesla Motors
Share Share Reddit Email Shares 566
For investors, Elon Musk is a polarizing figure.
They clearly see the big picture and has started multiple companies that could be considered to be extremely successful by almost any set of criteria: Paypal, Tesla Motors, SpaceX, and Solar City are all valued at over $1 billion – an impressive feat, to be sure.
Musk also continually aims to bring us game-changing technologies that will improve society. The Hyperloop, Gigafactory 1, and a colony on Mars are just some of their recent ideas or contributions. Like them or hate them, they are bold and audacious plans. That's just something we don't see enough of these days.
By the same token, Elon Musk often gets ahead of himself. They see things so well in advance that their projections and goals often don't end up being grounded in reality. For example, the WSJ has reported here that Tesla failed to meet more than 20 of their projections, missing ten of them by nearly a year on average.
These types of misses don't sit well with investors, some of who already think the stock could be overvalued. After all, despite the optimism around future prospects for Tesla Motors, the company has technically lost $2.5 billion since inception.
41 Interesting Facts About Tesla Motors
Regardless of where a person stands on Tesla and Elon, the story remains downright fascinating for many reasons.
The following infographic comes to us from Jennings Motor Group, and it covers 41 facts on the company as well as Elon Musk – the driving force behind the company.
Embed This Image On Your Site (copy code below):
Courtesy of: Visual Capitalist
Related
One by one, companies have started announcing earnings in which the full pain of the current economic crisis has hit their bottom line. Microsoft was no exception; while revenue increased slightly year-over-year, earnings dropped slightly. The company has a tradition of hosting an additional financial call in which it looks forward to the second half of its fiscal year and discusses long-term plans. The latest version of that call took place Tuesday morning, hosted by Steve Ballmer and CFO Chris Liddell, who gave a much clearer picture about the company's view of these turbulent economic times.
The call clearly suggested more grim news was on its way. Liddell described how the finances held steady through the fiscal first quarter, and only started to decline during the second, with the later portion of the second quarter being significantly worse than the first. That decline shows no sign of abating, as Liddell said, "we expect conditions to remain similar throughout the second half." More generally, Ballmer suggested that Microsoft's general take on things is that the current crisis represents a "major deleveraging" event and, historically, the economy tends to take a long time to reset to a new level after these events; growth doesn't start again until that reset takes place. This is a bit more pessimistic than some economists, but gives a sense of the company's bunker mentality.
To help ride out the storm, Microsoft is planning to reduce expenses, primarily through cuts that total a bit over $2 billion in the second half of the year; beyond that, plans are to keep expenses flat for fiscal 2010. But it was very clear that Microsoft wasn't simply going to keep cutting until it had satisfied analysts. "It's not like anybody's able to cut costs fast enough—in any industry—to retain the profits of yesteryear," Ballmer said, and they repeatedly emphasized that R&D spending was essential to its plans to compete in a number of markets that Microsoft considered too important to give up on. There were also a number of expenses that the company would surely like to avoid, but generally couldn't. "Our legal budget," Ballmer said, "is likely to be larger than the legal budget of the average company of our size."
Core businesses
Ballmer mentioned Apple's rise in market share, saying it was too large to ignore, but not as big as press reports might suggest. When it comes to market share, the second-biggest competitor remains pirated Windows, which also has the advantage of being free.
Ballmer went through each of the areas that the company views as major business focuses. For the most part, the traditional Microsoft businesses are doing well. Client software remains very profitable, although it is taking a bit of a hit. Consumer spending is shifting to netbooks, and it is very clear that Microsoft is getting far fewer profits from the version of XP it has prepared for these devices. Ballmer emphasized that they feel that Microsoft can compete with Linux on features in this device category, and plans on having a version of Windows 7 that will do so, but it's clear that the competition with a free alternative is hurting, and the pain may get worse, as the company fully expects that Android-based netbooks are an inevitability.
Ballmer mentioned Apple's rise in market share, saying it was too large to ignore, but not as big as press reports might suggest. When it comes to market share, the second-biggest competitor remains pirated Windows, which also has the advantage of being free. Piracy is an even bigger problem with productivity applications like Office, where the other competition, such as OpenOffice, remains even weaker than the OS competitors. In the consumer space, Microsoft has dropped prices and seen the increased sales offset the profit decline, and it appears willing to tolerate poor profits from educational pricing indefinitely. Ballmer confirmed that Office 14 won't be arriving this year, so their market will have to coast a bit going forward.
In the Enterprise, the company has been able to avoid dropping prices by offering integration with its other enterprise products, and upselling it as part of a larger package of services. Enterprise sales in general, while seeing declines, have held up better due to the long-term contracting, which Liddell termed "annuity sales." This is especially true for server and tools, where two-thirds of the sales fall in the annuity category.
The big competition for servers remains Linux, which is dominating Web serving and scientific computing (Windows dominates in business application and infrastructure workloads). Price clearly remains the sticking point here, and Ballmer announced that there will be a Windows "Foundation Edition" Server released this year, which will sell on the low-end servers that they called "akin to netbooks." They also acknowledged the difficulty of competing with Oracle, which is outspending Microsoft both in terms of R&D and marketing. The big hope there is in new "datacenter" and Azure/cloud versions of SQL Server; elsewhere, Ballmer noted that corporate migrations to cloud services were going well so far, although the move happens slowly.
Browsers, smartphones, and search
Ballmer highlighted the browser market in red, as it's one area where the company is seeing significant market share losses—he unironically termed browsers "key features of operating systems" at the same time they emphasized that Firefox is the primary cause of IE's decline. IE8 was touted as the big hope for reversing that, but it's not clear what reality that optimism is derived from. The IE team is struggling with compatibility issues while its competitors push to meet new Web standards.
Ballmer recognized that, in the consumer space, the momentum lies with Apple, but said it's with Windows Mobile and Android outside of that space. They then went on to explain why everyone other than Microsoft had it wrong.
Windows Mobile fell into the "somewhat unprofitable" category, but the attention lavished on it suggests that Microsoft has awakened to its strategic importance. The company is apparently hoping that it will be able to leverage some of the desktop OS development to increase its slow pace of development. Ballmer said, "the amount of technology that can be shared across that border continues to go up," and they combined the R&D budgets of the two groups in an attempt to show how well it stacked up against competitors like RIM.
Ballmer recognized that, in the consumer space, the momentum lies with Apple, but said it's with Windows Mobile and Android outside of that space. They then went on to explain why everyone other than Microsoft had it wrong. Referring to Android, they said, "I don't know how it is a sustainable thing to not have a positive price," and they argued that they expect the Windows Mobile model, in which hardware and software is divorced, to win out in the end. The key message here is that you shouldn't expect Microsoft to be making its own phone, which Ballmer said, "is not our strategy."
Of course, similar things were once said about portable music players, and yet we have the Zune. That's apparently different, because it's part of a tool for a larger entertainment strategy. Ballmer promised that the Zune entertainment services would be coming to all three screens: the PC, the TV, and portable devices. The Xbox is simply another cog in this strategy, as Microsoft is looking to develop a "dollars per TV" revenue strategy—"the real opportunity is a device that sits next to or in a TV set," said Ballmer. The precise device involved is apparently far less relevant than the fact that Microsoft is on the end of the revenue stream. It's an interesting take, and one that the company may now have the pieces in place to attempt, but, without some well-enunciated roadmap to get there from here, it has a bit of the feel of a post-hoc rationalization.
Ballmer made a more compelling case when discussion arose about another market the company has struggled in, search advertising. They argued that search is the key advertising business and portal properties could, at best, support the growth of a search property. They also described how search and the ads run with it were mutually reinforcing: consumers, consciously or not, rate the credibility of the search results in part by evaluating the relevance of the ads that appear with it.
But if Microsoft had a more compelling case for the importance of search, it didn't have a clearer roadmap on competing in that market. Ballmer is still interested in combining with Yahoo to take on Google, and isn't picky about how it gets there. But, beyond that, it appears focused on new product releases, something that the consumer population doesn't seem to really register.
This mixed strategic vision—Microsoft has identified some key markets for growth, but doesn't seem to have a concrete plan for actually growing in them—is probably more worrisome than the grim financial news. Microsoft is likely to be taking a bigger hit as the fiscal year continues to be dominated by bad news, but it probably won't be as bad as the hits that many other companies have taken, and Redmond appears well positioned to continue to excel in the markets it already dominates when the economy recovers. But, in Apple, Google, and RIM, it's facing competitors that appear to have a clearer picture of what needs to be accomplished in these other markets. In cases like the TV set-top, where there really isn't competition, Microsoft doesn't appear to have an equivalent picture. If there's something in the works behind the scenes, this press call didn't lift the curtain on it.
Listing image by Image credit: Wikimedia Commons
Kickstarter success Vaavud is a thing of beauty. Created by a Danish team of enterprising inventors, it plugs into your iPhone or Android device's headphone jack and connects with an app to tell you the current wind speed. It uses no power, and actually talks wirelessly to your phone via the built-in magnetic field sensor that ships with modern smartphones.
The Vaavud is shipping as of July 30, and goes on sale at bitemyapple, Grand St. and other fine purveyors of gadgets and gizmos, but I got a chance to test one out early. The Vaavud blew through its tests in fact (see what I did there?) and definitely told me how fast the wind outside was, or how effectively I was blowing on the thing when trying it out for my own amusement indoors. Which I did plenty, because it's very fun.
The Vaavud ships with an internal mechanism that works with most smartphones out of the box, and a kit to change it over to handle the Samsung Galaxy S2, which requires a slightly different design. It also comes with a soft carrying pouch complete with carabiner, since this thing is designed to be carted with you as you scale mountains or brave rapids.
You can use the Vaavud with the app created by the company itself, but third-party apps are also supported, starting with the first to leverage the API, Weendy. That app is about crowdsourcing weather conditions, and draws from people using Vaavud around the world to build wind speed profiles of locales. It's the perfect integration, but as Vaavud is pretty niche, don't go expecting a lot of that data to pop up for most spots just yet.
Data seems to be accurate, but it's hard to compare as I don't have any other kind of wind meter technology nearby to compare it to. The charts produced by the native Vaavud app are attractive and easy to read, and the fact that no batteries are required is pretty awesome in terms of using it in outdoor and remote locales where it's probably most useful. At €40.00 (roughly $61 U.S.) it's a little pricey for a novelty, but anyone conducting environmental research or just really keen on weather will definitely get a kick out of it.
A lot of Kickstarter projects, both successful and not, aim at a particular niche; it's part of the reason they aren't good candidates for traditional funding channels. The Vaavud is likely going to appeal to a small segment of the population, but unlike most Kickstarter projects, it's smartly executed, well-built and elegantly designed. If you think you need a Vaavud, don't hesitate to go ahead and get one.
Over the years I have heard the word “tribalism” used consistently as a way to deride and attack conservative groups with political stances outside the boundaries of globalization. Many readers have been exposed to this propaganda recently as “tribalism” becomes the go-to denouncement of the Trump Administration. From The Atlantic to CNBC to The Washington Post and beyond, tribalism is used almost as often as the fascist label, and there are very specific reasons for this.
Tribalism (like nationalism and populism) has slowly but surely been falsely associated with totalitarianism, as if the two are synonymous. The use of “tribalism” as a dismissal of sovereignty concepts is a distinct globalist and leftist habit; clearly, they hate the very notion of it, so much so that they have sought to turn it into a four-letter word. But why?
The fact of the matter is, tribalism revolves around sets of principles; meaning, some people hold principles that are completely incompatible with other people's principles. Some principles simply cannot be reconciled with other principles, and they cannot coexist. Groups tend to form around principles, and thus, certain groups cannot live in close proximity with other groups. When they do live in close proximity, one will invariably absorb the other or destroy the other.
This is more likely to occur when two groups have diametrically opposing views rather than minor deviations and disagreements.
For example, the mass injection of millions of Muslim immigrants into European nations has in a very short period of time resulted in the steady decline of Western ideals and even the decline of legal frameworks in the areas where the immigrants concentrate. Sharia law is a direct antithesis to traditional Western values such as religious freedom, free speech, freedom of association, individual rights, economic independence, free markets, etc. (It is interesting to note that western socialists and communist ideals run parallel to Muslim culture when it comes to the desire to dismantle sovereignty.) The effects of this clash of principles are quite obvious at this point.
Sharia-based groups have been transplanted into the Western sphere in what I consider a deliberate Cloward-Piven strategy of cultural destabilization of Europe. These groups do not assimilate, they devour the surrounding culture and turn it into something that sublimates in accordance with their principles. This is why the leftist and globalist call for “multiculturalism” is nonsensical. You cannot have two or more diametrically opposed cultures within the same society — one of them has to take precedence over all the others. Globalists in particular KNOW this is the reality, and they use multiculturalism as a means to undermine nations specifically built upon traditional sovereign values.
Leftists are in most cases merely useful idiots that promote multiculturalism as a means of “penance.” That is to say, they believe that traditional western culture should be punished for past transgressions and in due course, phased out completely in exchange for a new utopian system.
Both leftists and globalists will often try to argue that if tribalism was not prevalent there would be no ill will between Muslims and Westerners or any other groups for that matter. But, as stated earlier, what they are glossing over is the inevitability of groups separating based on principals. The only way for all groups to coexist in close proximity in the multicultural paradise we are being sold is for ALL value systems to be eliminated except for one. And perhaps that is the point.
Globalists prefer an outcome in which traditional values are erased and replaced with a “new world order” mindset; a system that is rooted in collectivist suppression of individual liberty, where freedom is exchanged for “harmony;” one global tribe worshiping one global god — the state.
The existence of tribalism might lead to conflicts if opposing cultures are deliberately mashed together, but it also makes the formation of a single overarching tyranny very difficult. Globalists seek to irritate existing divisions and trigger chaos between groups because ultimately, they want to demonize the very concept of tribalism and make way for a one world ideal that fits THEIR agenda.
Leftists are decidedly less self aware on why they fight so hard against tribalism. They see cultural division of any kind on the part of the west as inherently evil. Ironically, when it comes to so-called “victim groups” like Muslims, social-justice warriors will argue that their aggressively divisive behavior is off limits to criticism because you have to be “from that culture to understand it”. So, tribalism on the part of designated victim groups is beyond reproach, and tribalism on the part of westerners is a cancer that must be eradicated.
To reiterate, leftists love tribalism initiated by those they consider victim groups. They only hate tribalism when it is initiated by conservatives and the traditional western middle class. The double standard is evident.
Exactly what is happening here? Well, we are being given a false choice. We are offered tribalism at the cost of endless social crisis (which is being deliberately instigated), or, the erasure of tribalism and traditional principles for the sake of “peace.” No other solutions are being presented.
Liberty proponents like myself would point out that there is an underlying principle within natural law that could solve many of the problems that arise between groups with differing world views without sacrificing everything to join a one-world collectivist hive mind. That rule would be the “Non-Aggression Principle.” To summarize, the non-aggression principle holds that no person or group has the right to impose their beliefs or will on another person or group. The only time force of action is warranted is in self defense and the defense of innocents.
If a society was to operate by the rule of non-aggression, and people were to abide by that rule, then most groups and cultures could live peacefully. For the people who do not abide, removal from that society or nation would be necessary. This is the intrinsic advantage of tribalism in its purest form; tribalism allows us to discriminate against groups with destructive principles and behaviors, or against those that have different objectives. Some divisions are useful divisions. This allows for a group with shared goals to accomplish those goals without constant internal obstruction or sabotage. As long as the non-aggression principle is adhered to, tribalism is the ideal system.
Of course, there are certain groups that are incapable of accepting this dynamic.
Leftist ideology depends upon thought control and manipulation in order to remain relevant. Because their values are not based in logic or self examination, they don't have the ability to win people over through compelling arguments; all they have are lies and force. When in power, they use the force of government. When out of power, they use the threat of the mob. If tribalism and the non-aggression principle were to thrive, the leftists in their current form would represent a failed group, and they would fade away.
Globalists see themselves as social architects, and an architect cannot function if their building materials will not cooperate. Globalism is impotent without the ability to impose will and the ability to undermine practical divisions between ideological opposites. Tribalism in the name of sovereignty and free society is an impassable wall to globalization. Their only option is to utilize and exploit groups that are anti-liberty as a weapon against existing societies that still have some basis in sovereignty. This is much easier to do when anti-liberty groups are organized within those free systems, or, when they are imported into them. A strong, free people cannot be destroyed from without, they can only be destroyed from within.
Social divisions are absolutely rational and healthy, and there is nothing “evil” or totalitarian about organizing only with people that share your values. The real evil comes from those that would suppress our values in the name of “harmonization” — there is no such thing. Globalists and leftists argue for the adoption and toleration of all ideologies and principles as a means to peace, but what they really want in the end is the erasure of all the ideologies and principles they see as disagreeable in order to make way for their own.
If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here. We greatly appreciate your patronage.
You can contact Brandon Smith at:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
MENLO PARK, CA—In an effort to ensure constant engagement with the social media site, Facebook announced Monday that users would now receive notifications anytime they are not currently looking at Facebook. “We hope these helpful new alerts will improve our users' experience by prompting them to revisit the site in the event they momentarily turn their focus elsewhere,” said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, adding that the site's new technology is able to track where users' attention is directed and remind them with steady beeping sounds that they are not currently interacting with Facebook. “The notifications will be integrated into both web and mobile browsing, and all users not currently on Facebook—or logged in but looking at a different tab—will immediately begin receiving push notifications, pop-ups, and emails warning them that they're not on Facebook right now and should resume interfacing with it.” Zuckerberg went on to say that notifications informing users when they are currently looking at Facebook will be introduced by the end of the year.
Advertisement
Credit: Cody Duty/Houston Chronicle/AP Photo
It's possible that someone in Kentucky has been buying stuff with John Roberts's credit card.
The Supreme Court's chief justice has been traipsing around Washington, D.C., bemoaning to metro-area counter-workers that their credit-card info has been stolen, and that they now have to use cash.
First, it was a Starbucks barista, where Roberts stopped for coffee in suburban Maryland on Tuesday, before they heard arguments on California's Prop. 8 gay-marriage ban. Roberts typically uses a card, but a Starbucks employee told The Washington Post that Roberts, this time mentioned the apparent identity theft, after paying cash
Then it was a barbershop in D.C., where The Huffington Post overheard Roberts noting that the culprit evidently hailed from Kentucky.
A Supreme Court spokesperson confirmed to ABC's Ariane de Vogue that Roberts's credit-card numbers were used but did not supply any additional details.
While the Justice Department would not say whether it's looking into the apparent ID theft, stealing the credit-card info of the Supreme Court's chief justice is sort of like picking a fight with Suge Knight at a nightclub. Most would be wise to avoid it.
Credit-card and identity theft aren't so rare. In 2012, the Federal Trade Commission fielded 28,332 consumer complaints about credit-card fraud. Identity-theft was the FTC's number-one complaint last year, with 369,132 reports accounting for 18 percent of the FTC's consumer complaints.
The Deal: Orlando reportedly sends (h/t Woj) Serge Ibaka to Toronto, in exchange for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round pick — either Toronto's or the Clippers pick that the Raptors own.
The GM Who Approves of This the Most:
It feels so wrong, but it feels so right. WHAT ARE YOU DOING, ROB HENNIGAN!??!?
The Winner: Masai Ujiri. The first rule of Masai Ujiri Club is never talk to Masai Ujiri.  They are only going to make you look bad. From the producers of Carmelo, for Everything and Holy Crap, They Got Out From Under Bargnani comes the latest heist picture that's poised to jump-start the trade-deadline box office. Ujiri wanted Ibaka last summer, but stepped away from the Storage Wars sale when the reported asking price of Cory Joseph, Norman Powell, Patrick Patterson, and Toronto's pick (the ninth spot) was too steep. So they waited, watched Orlando's season stall out, and wound up getting their man for a song. That's good general managing!
What do the Raptors get in Ibaka? Noted paleontologist Danny Chau put it to me this way: “Ibaka is basically one of the rarest types of players in basketball — someone who can space the floor out to the 3-point line and protect the rim. Patrick Patterson is so vital to Toronto's success because of how well they shoot, and the Raptors basically get a better version of him.” Maybe this will cheer Kyle Lowry up.
The Caveat: It's time for some gaaaaaaaaame theory! Maybe Hennigan knew exactly what they were doing when they gave up the at-the-time highly regarded Victor Oladipo and the newly drafted, also highly regarded Domantas Sabonis. Maybe Serge was never supposed to be a building block and was just a distraction from Hennigan's real plan. Maybe Terrence Ross was the target all along. Maybe this is just the first in a multipart plan to immediately rebuild the Magic roster with a series of daring deadline moves that gives Frank Vogel all the tools they need to challenge in the Eastern Conference.
Psych. I know one Magic fan. Their name is Kevin Clark, and they are saying words like “sad” and “horrifying.” Orlando is a junkyard of old parts — D.J. Augustin, Jodie Meeks, C.J. Wilcox, Jeff Green — rusting on top of what were once-hyped younger players like Elfrid Payton, Mario Hezonja, and Aaron Gordon, the latter of which is basically the only thing of value the Magic possess. The Raptors or Clippers pick is likely to fall outside of the prime talent pool of this year's draft. Hennigan better have a next move here, because otherwise he's not going to be around to use the pick. Orlando has no discernible direction or identity.
43 Shares 0
43
0
0
As the primary season gets under way in the 2016 Presidential election, the nation's political focus is squarely on candidates from the two main parties, the Democrats and the Republicans.
Both parties have had a tumultuous time of it already. It's a year for outsiders. On the Republican side, billionaire Donald Trump, whose outrageous ethno-nationalism has won them a devout following in the country's right wing, is devouring all the oxygen in the party.
The Democrats are facing the possibility of an upset from surging independent Bernie Sanders. Sanders, a nominal socialist from Vermont, has upended what was supposed to be a smooth nomination-coronation for Hillary Clinton.
With all the excitement, it's easy to forget that there are other candidates in the race for the presidency, outside of the two major parties. The American Herald Tribune is proud to feature a conversation with Emidio “Mimi” Soltysik, the Presidential candidate for the Socialist Party USA. Soltysik is running with activist and organizer Angela Nicole Walker as their running mate.
The Tribune and Soltysik collaborated over email for a question and answer dialogue after a brief phone call on Friday. What follows is a lightly edited transcript.
The American Herald Tribune: Hi Mimi. Thanks for doing this interview. Let's start off with an introduction: Who are you?
Mimi: I suppose I'll always be trying to figure that one out. I think I look pretty silly when I'm clean-shaven, so I usually have a beard. I love music and I love to read. I love to laugh. I loathe injustice. It makes me feel violent.
My name is Emidio "Mimi" Soltysik and I am the Socialist Party USA's 2016 presidential candidate. I live in Los Angeles with my wife and two cats.
AHT: What is the Socialist Party USA?
Mimi: The Socialist Party USA is a multi-tendency, revolutionary socialist organization that emerged from the 1972 split of the Socialist Party of America.
One group decided that it made strategic sense to work within the Democratic Party.
The other group chose to work independent of the capitalist parties, and was also staunchly opposed to the Vietnam War.
That second group became the Socialist Party USA.
AHT: Where are you from? What is your background?
Mimi: I was born in Reading, Pennsylvania, went to grade school there, and moved just outside the city when I was in elementary school. I was basically a punk rock, skateboarding kid who hated being told what to do. I frequently found myself in trouble. Unfortunately, it wasn't the run-of-the-mill high school shenanigans kind of trouble.
After high school was over, I played music professionally for about fifteen years. I had a lot of fun, I think. As a matter of fact, that was really all I cared about. I developed some habits that really took a toll on my health, and by my early-thirties, I pretty much ran out of steam.
For a bit, the thought of trying to pull myself together felt like it would require more effort than I could muster.
But I did start to clear my head a bit.
I started trying to learn. That was tough. I frequently found myself confused and frustrated. As time passed, I think I started to really see the value in listening, hearing the voices in my community.
That was really, really painful. I felt pretty ill equipped to process what I was hearing. One foot in front of the other, moving forward, I started to take an interest in socialism, and began to make some connections. Finally, I think I achieved some clarity, and I might not have the words to express what that felt like. But, here I am...
AHT: How did you become involved in radical politics?
Mimi: Many of those experiences I mentioned earlier played key roles in that process.
There's one thing I'd like to add: A small group of us were starting to do work around Los Angeles. We'd collect and deliver goods for survivors of human trafficking, collect bicycles for young people in South Los Angeles, things like that.
Almost without fail, staff at the non-profit agencies we'd work with would tell us some variation of "this is like trying to cure cancer with a band-aid."
I understood. Shortly after, I started to do a bit of research, hoping to find a place where I could work to help fight the cancer, and, eventually, I found the Socialist Party USA.
AHT: What differentiates the Socialist Party USA from Socialist Alternative and the Party for Socialist Liberation (other prominent socialist organizations in the US)? Do you feel allied with them?
Mimi: I'm not in either of those organizations, so I can't really speak much to how they operate. What I can tell you is that I'm glad I am a member of the Socialist Party USA.
I feel allied with most anyone who seeks the overthrow of capitalism. The sectarianism on the Left is exhausting and so incredibly time-consuming if you allow yourself to engage in that sort of bullshit.
I just don't have time for it.
AHT: What do you think of Bernie Sanders?
Mimi: I don't think a whole lot about Bernie Sanders.
I do think, however, about how critical it is that we be prepared to engage in a dialogue with our friends, family, neighbors, co-workers, fellow students, etc., who are taking an interest in socialism as a result of their campaign. I see that many are, which is fantastic.
AHT: Thank you very much for talking with us, Mimi.
Mimi: Thank you!
You can find out more about the Socialist Party USA and Mimi and Angela's run for the Presidency at the organization's website.
Imagine the Empire State Building. Now imagine tipping it on its side, nudging it into the Hudson, and putting out to sea. That was the scale of thing I contemplated one day in late November, as I gaped at the immense navy hull of CMA CGM Christophe Colomb, one of the world's largest container ships, which stretched above and out of sight on either side of me, on a quayside in Hong Kong. Nearly twelve hundred feet long, it's bigger than an aircraft carrier and longer than the world's largest cruise ships. On Christophe Colomb, all of that space goes to boxes. The ship has a capacity of 13,344 TEUs—“twenty-foot equivalent units,” the size of a standard shipping container (although most containers today are forty feet in length). These are stacked seven high above deck and another six to eight below. In cheerful shades of turquoise, maroon, navy, gold, and green, they look like a set of Legos designed for a young giant.
Trying to see where one even boards such a vessel, I noticed a steep aluminum gangway and went up its seventy-four steps, through two hatches, and into the eight-story “castle” that sits above the main deck and houses the ship's living quarters, offices, and bridge. This was to be my home for nearly four weeks, as I took passage on Christophe Colomb from Hong Kong to Southampton, England, via the Suez Canal.
No passenger liners cover such routes anymore, but many cargo shipping companies still offer a handful of passenger cabins on their freighters, selling travelers what CMA CGM (the French company that owns Christophe Colomb) calls “a thrilling and unforgettable way to discover the great maritime trading routes” for around $130 a day. I had become interested in these sea lanes while writing a book about the world circa 1900 through the life of the novelist Joseph Conrad (1857–1924). Before they became a writer, Conrad spent twenty years as a merchant mariner, sailing chiefly between Asia, Australia, and Europe, and their shipboard experiences informed books such as Heart of Darkness and Lord Jim. When I saw the itinerary of Christophe Colomb today—which plies a regular eleven-week circuit between China and Europe, taking in Hong Kong, the Straits of Malacca, the Suez Canal, the Straits of Gibraltar, and the English Channel—I saw a track that Conrad had often followed and wrote about in their fiction.
In Conrad's day the world's great cities had busy commercial waterfronts teeming with longshoremen, manufacturers, wholesalers, carters, innkeepers, ship-chandlers, and prostitutes.…
Puerto Rico Officials Praise Trump Admin for Response to Hurricane Maria
Puerto Rico officials are praising the proactive response by President Donald Trump and the federal government to the catastrophic damage wrought by Hurricane Maria.
Trump spoke on Thursday with the governors of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Earlier in the week Trump signed official disaster declarations for the two U.S. territories, according to The Hill.
The AP via Politico reported on Saturday:
Large amounts of federal aid began moving into Puerto Rico on Saturday, welcomed by local officials who praised the Trump administration's response but called for the emergency loosening of rules long blamed for condemning the U.S. territory to second-class status (The Jones Act). …(Gov. Ricardo) Rossello and other officials praised the federal government for planning its response in detail before the storm hit, a contrast with what Puerto Rico has long seen as the neglect of 3.4 million Americans living in a territory without a vote in Congress or the electoral college. “This is the first time we get this type of federal coordination,” said Resident Commission Jenniffer Gonzalez, Puerto Rico's non-voting representative in Washington. …The opening of the island's main port in the capital allowed 11 ships to bring in 1.6 million gallons of water, 23,000 cots, dozens of generators and food. Dozens more shipments are expected in upcoming days. The federal aid effort is racing to stem a growing humanitarian crisis in towns left without fresh water, fuel, electricity or phone service. Officials with the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which is in charge of the relief effort, said they would take satellite phones to all of Puerto Rico's towns and cities, more than half of which were cut off following Maria's devastating crossing of Puerto Rico on Wednesday.
Former journalist Cate Long summed up the response, “On the ground or in transit to Puerto Rico — FEMA, US DOD, US DOE, US National Guard, US Coast Guard, Marines, 3 state national guards.”
On the ground or in transit to Puerto Rico — FEMA, US DOD, US DOE, US National Guard, US Coast Guard, Marines, 3 state national guards. — Cate Long (@cate_long) September 24, 2017
Meanwhile Hillary Clinton, whom Trump vanquished in the 2016 presidential election, tried to score political points by making it appear as if Trump was not responding to Puerto Rico and didn't know they are Americans, “President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens.”
President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens. https://t.co/J2FVg4II0n — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 24, 2017
Clinton keyed off a tweet of photos of the disaster by a 2016 campaign worker, Samy Nemir Olivares.
FEMA has marshaled ships and airplanes with supplies to aid those in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico hit by Maria. As of Friday, two Navy and nine Coast Guard vessels and six commercial barges laden with supplies were on scene. 1.4 million meals had been delivered with another 800,000 stage for delivery.
A Sunday report by the AP noted the involvement by the federal government in trying to assess and restore power.
Mike Hyland, a spokesperson for the American Public Power Association, which represents the Puerto Rican power agency, said Sunday that restoration is a long ways off. The organization is working with U.S. Energy Department crews as well as New York Power Authority workers sent down by Gov. Andrew Cuomo to fly over the island and assess damage. Crews hoped to get helicopters and drones in the air over the next two days to assess the damage, but Hyland said they need to be patient and let the military continue rescuing people before focusing on restoring power. “We are trying to get an understanding of the extent of the damage over the next 48 hours to then begin to work with our federal partners to get the right crews and equipment down to Puerto Rico,” Hyland said.”
This FEMA press release from Saturday (excerpted below) details the across-the-board response by the federal government:
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) continues to coordinate federal support for U.S. Virgin Islands' and Puerto Rico's response efforts. Federal partners are aggressively working to meet and overcome challenges to opening ports and restoring power to bring additional life-saving commodities and personnel into disaster-affected areas. FEMA Urban Search & Rescue (US&R) task forces rescued 165 individuals and searched over 45 structures. Of those, approximately 100 people were rescued from a collapsing bridge in Puerto Rico today. Four US&R task forces are stationed in the Caribbean with another eight teams en route. The U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) is conducting search and rescue operations in St. Croix, and in the surrounding waters, and so far rescued 15 individuals. …The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) successfully opened five airports in Puerto Rico, and two airports in the U.S. Virgin Islands, for military and relief flights to bring in commodities, and lifesaving and life-sustaining resources. Federal partners established a fuel distribution site in San Juan for federal and local entities, to support first responder and critical facility needs. Flights and sea vessels loaded with commodities are arriving or awaiting airport/port clearance for delivery: Six commercial barges transported and delivered meals, water, generators, cots, and other commodities to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. An air bridge is established, flying three flights per day to St. Croix, each carrying approximately 33,000 meals.
The logistics support ship SS Wright arrived carrying more than 1.1 million meals, and nearly one million liters of freshwater. Two shipping barges with 1.2 million liters of water, 31 generators, and more than 6,000 cots arrived in St. Thomas. Two additional shipping barges loaded with food, water, and emergency relief supplies are en route to the Caribbean Sea from Florida. Millions of additional meals are being flown to Puerto Rico from staging areas in Kentucky and Florida.
The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) is transporting a shipment of 124,000 gallons of diesel fuel to Puerto Rico, with arrival in the coming days. More at FEMA.
.@USCG Cutter Forward brings supplies and assistance to Puerto Rico following #HurricaneMaria pic.twitter.com/ouZpKVgwNm — USCGSoutheast (@USCGSoutheast) September 24, 2017
VA-TF1, CA-TF6, USFS & BLM Force Protection found a cut-off neighborhood in #PuertoRico via air. Accessed and able to provide medical care. pic.twitter.com/Am9WDqTy9m — VA-TF1 / USA-1 – Urban Search and Rescue (@VATF1) September 23, 2017
Ride with us as we drive through eastern #PuertoRico performing a wide area search. #HurricaneMaria pic.twitter.com/0K8M4RYXrP — VA-TF1 / USA-1 – Urban Search and Rescue (@VATF1) September 23, 2017
Examples of damage in Puerto Rico sent in via our app. Please be safe taking photos. For #Maria updates & resources: https://t.co/NwKCXQh1OX pic.twitter.com/PRmUrAPxKy — FEMA (@fema) September 24, 2017
President Trump has done a good job leading the hurricane responses in Texas and Florida, garnering 64 percent approval for their handling of the storms, and appears to be doing so in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. However, as of post time they have not used the bully pulpit this weekend to focus the nation's attention on the devastated islands. A few tweets would go a long way and help a great deal.
Published 1 year ago
Tokyo — Japan's Financial Services Agency (FSA) said on Friday that it has approved 11 companies as operators of crypto-currency exchanges, in a move that sets the country apart from its neighbours which are tightening their grip on virtual money. The Japanese government recognised bitcoin as legal tender in April and required crypto-currency exchange operators to register with it.
The move was aimed at avoiding a repeat of the failure in 2014 of Tokyo-based Mt Gox, the world's largest bitcoin exchange at the time. Trading in bitcoin and other crypto-currencies among Japanese investors has gained momentum this year, helped by the legal recognition as well as spectacular surges in the price of bitcoins and ethers.
Industry officials say Japan is now one of the world's biggest bitcoin trading hubs as China — by far the largest user of bitcoins until early this year — clamps down on crypto-currencies. With the new regulation, Tokyo aims to balance the need to protect investors with the need to support fintech innovations, FSA officials said, who, this month, confirmed they have no plans to ban initial coin offerings (ICOs), although there have been few launches of token-based digital currencies in Japan to date.
This month, Beijing ordered some bitcoin exchanges to close, and earlier on Friday, South Korea's financial regulator said it will ban raising money through all forms of virtual currencies. The FSA is still reviewing registration applications from 17 other exchange operators.
Coin spectator is an automated news aggregation service. All copyrights belong to their respective owners. Images and text owned by copyright holders are used in reference to and promotion of those respective parties.
A Texas Republican lawmaker was charged with a felony after they allegedly tried to take a gun through security earlier this month at an airport in Austin, according to multiple reports.
Authorities said Texas state Rep. Drew Darby (R) tried to take a .38 caliber Ruger pistol with six rounds of ammunition through security at the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, according to the Austin American-Statesman newspaper.
When the gun was spotted by security, Darby reportedly told an an officer it was his, that they had a concealed pistol license and had forgotten it was in their bag.
The paper reported they were booked at the Travis County Jail on Nov. 14. They were released a few hours later on a $5,000 bond.
Darby later released a statment saying regretted the incident, according to the Associated Press.
The Anti-Flirt Club. President Alice Reighly is posed at the head of the staircase.
President Alice Reighly
The Anti-Flirt Club was an American club active in Washington, D.C., during the early 1920s.[1] The purpose of the club was to protect young women and girls who received unwelcome attention from men in automobiles and on street corners.[2][3] The Anti-Flirt Club launched an "Anti-Flirt" week, which began on March 4, 1923.[4]
The club had a series of rules, which were intended as sound and serious advice. These were:[5]
Don't flirt: those who flirt in haste often repent in leisure. Don't accept rides from flirting motorists—they don't invite you in to save you a walk. Don't use your eyes for ogling—they were made for worthier purposes. Don't go out with men you don't know—they may be married, and you may be in for a hair-pulling match. Don't wink—a flutter of one eye may cause a tear in the other. Don't smile at flirtatious strangers—save them for people you know. Don't annex all the men you can get—by flirting with many, you may lose out on the one. Don't fall for the slick, dandified cake eater—the unpolished gold of a real man is worth more than the gloss of a lounge lizard. Don't let elderly men with an eye to a flirtation pat you on the shoulder and take a fatherly interest in you. Those are usually the kind who want to forget they are fathers. Don't ignore the man you are sure of while you flirt with another. When you return to the first one you may find them gone.
A Washington Post article from February 28, 1923, titled "10 Girls Start War on Auto Invitation," laid out the problem: "Too many motorists are taking advantage of the precedent established during the war by offering to take young lady pedestrians in their cars, Miss Helen Brown, 639 Longfellow Street, declared yesterday." Brown, the secretary of the nascent Anti-Flirt club, warned that these men "don't all tender their invitations to save the girls a walk," and while there were "other varieties of flirts," motorists were the absolute worst.
Brown, along with the president—a Miss Alice Reighly of 1400 Harvard Street—made their plan of action known. On March 4, 1923, the first-ever Anti-Flirt Week (and only since) would commence.[6]
References [ edit ]
Over the course of the last decade and a half, the Dallas Mavericks have been one of the most competitive, yet perennially underrated and under-covered teams in the NBA. In that time, the franchise ranks second in win percentage, and yet have seemingly been overshadowed by teams like the Lakers and Spurs.
After this offseason's DeAndre Jordan debacle, few (if any) had the Mavericks ranked among the top 20 teams in the league, and yet here we are more than 30 games into the season and the Mavs find themselves squarely in the Western Conference playoff picture, sitting comfortably in the fifth seed.
Part of the team's recent success can be attributed to their point guard. No, not Deron Williams, whom the team scrambled to sign after DeAndre Jordan's sudden change of heart, but one JJ Barea.
After starting the season shooting a dismal 25% from three-point range through November, Barea has been on an absolute tear of late. During the month of December, the diminutive point guard shot 58% from deep, averaged 4.7 assists, and tallied four 20+ point games in the process (four more than he'd had in their last 40 games).
Oh, and all of this in fewer than 25 minutes per game.
With Deron Williams missing some action with a hamstring injury, Barea has made a legitimate case to take over as the team's starting point guard, even once Williams is fully healed.
While Williams has largely replicated the production of their time spent with Brooklyn (which is to say fairly pedestrian production relative to their days in Utah), one offseason coup which has paid major dividends for the Mavs has been center Zaza Pachulia.
Largely regarded as a career role player, Pachulia has certainly found their niche stepping into the starting lineup for Dallas this season. Through the first 33 games, the Georgian big man is tied for the fifth most double doubles (18) in the league, averaging 10.8 points and 10.5 rebounds per game. He's also put up the third most offensive rebounds in the league and boasts the NBA's 7th best rebound percentage.
While they leaf plenty to be desired in the rim-protection department, Pachulia has been everything and more than Dallas could have expected after signing them to a one-year, $5.2 million contract this offseason.
For all of the production they're getting from strange places, though, it's difficult to point to one singular thing the Mavs do exceptionally well which has them firmly planted in the playoff race. The team ranks 13th in offensive rating, 15th in defensive rating, 19th in three-point percentage, and the list goes on.
And yet this is hardly said as an indictment or pejorative, because by that same token it's difficult to pinpoint a whole lot of areas where the team ranks among the lower-third of the league.
After 17 years in the league, Dirk is still doing Dirk things, averaging 17.2 points on 46% shooting from the field and 39% from three, ranking seventh among all power forwards in player efficiency rating (ahead of guys like Kevin Love, Draymond Green, and LaMarcus Aldridge), and the Mavericks just seem to keep chugging along with him.
A constant symbol of steadiness, the Mavs once again find themselves in a familiar place this season: under the radar and overshadowed by the likes of Golden State and Cleveland (perhaps rightfully so this time around).
While it seems unlikely the team will compete for a championship, it would hardly be a surprise if Dallas made a run into the second round of the playoffs. However, after two disappointing back-to-back losses to Miami and New Orleans, Dallas looks to get right in their next four games against teams with a combined record of 50-85, and continue their franchise's winning ways.
photo via llananba
By Stephen C. Rose
In July, I published Is John McCain's Gambling A Problem?, which concluded:
The MSM have gone far enough to identify the McCain proclivity, but not the extent of their losses, the actual possibility of wrongdoing in connection with their gambling or an effective effort to determine whether as President they could avoid gratifying their habit. In short we have had a first round of accounts, a great deal of interest, and no real followup.
A month later I ran a
in Huffington Post -- with a similar conclusion.
I have found that mention of McCain's gambling habit is a persuasive argument to people who are on the fence and wondering who to vote for. The association of gambling with the term neocon and observation of McCain's growing synchronicity with Bush positions is generally enough to convince an inquirer. But these days the teflon mantel seems to be moving to McCain. And to my knowledge no one has raised these questions directly.
Yet.
Today, in one of the most extensive investigative pieces I have seen of late, the New York Times has not only delved into "actual possibility of wrongdoing in connection with their gambling". It has revealed an essential aspect of John McCain.
The article, by Jo Becker and Don Van Natta, Jr., is titled, McCain and Team Have Many Ties to Gambling Industry
I will conclude this section by publishing four illustrative excerpts, but I want to preface that with mention of a fact about McCain that hit me like a ton of bricks while I slept on the subject last night.
McCain may be a gambler, McCain may be erratic, McCain may have done good things, but if any cumulative picture of McCain emerges from this investigative piece, and from other chapters of their career, it is that they have been a consummate, inside power-player.
McCain's values are me-first and bellicose. McCain's manner is erratic and gambling. But when you cut through bluster, pandering cliche and and outright, in-your-face lying, you find a person who is instinctively able, much of the time, to negotiate the dangers that exist in the labyrinths of power, to bob and weave without regard to past commitments, to fit the circumstance to the new convenience, in short, to operate at the refined quasi-criminal level of a Lyndon Johnson (Tonkin) and a Richard Nixon/Henry Kissinger (lies, lies, lies, as my friend Blll Horwitz once titled an album).
When McCain despises Barack Obama, it because they know Obama has no clue, is massively naive, cannot bob and weave the way McCain does, juggling interests and doing favors in a subtle penumbra of doublespeak and innuendo and whispered arrangements.
Let me be plain. We have had decent Presidents with decent values and at least a commitment to honesty. They may play games but they meld necessity with some attention to values.
And we have had Presidents like Johnson and Nixon who have known the ins and outs of how to survive and conquer in the labyrinth. The problem is that these "labyrinth Presidents" have not given one tinkers' dam about whether thousands of our young are killed, just to achieve some testosterone point or another.
Interesting that longevity in Congress may tend to exacerbate the hubris!
The decent ones have been more wary and recondite. And have saved many lives in the bargain.
These further probes into McCain's gambling ties should serve as yet another caution:
We do not want a man at the helm whose real inner nature is to throw anyone who gets in their way under the bus, whose concept of power is to be able to get away with murder, whose very gaze -- evasive but menacing -- can connote a kiss of death.
A watchdog group on Monday stepped up its efforts to get the Trump administration to answer for its military strike on Syria in April.
The Protect Democracy Project filed a motion asking a judge to order several federal agencies to give expedited answers to the group's Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, filed earlier this month, that sought justification for the strike.
The group sent FOIAs to the Departments of Defense, State, and Justice, requesting any documents that laid out President Donald Trump's legal basis for ordering the April 6 bombing of a Syrian government airfield. So far, only two of four Justice Department bureaus—the Office of the Attorney General (OAG) and the Office of Legal Counsel (OLC)—have honored those requests, the group said.
"Protect Democracy requested that the agencies process those FOIA requests on an expedited basis because the records sought could inform the public on an urgent federal government activity that is a matter of widespread media interest," the group's motion, filed Monday night, reads. "The president had indicated in a letter to Congress that they might escalate the conflict, and the legal basis for the strikes was of significant interest to the American public and Congress."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The motion comes just days after the Trump administration ordered another strike on Syrian government-allied forces, "all without ever having disclosed the president's legal justification for initiating this conflict," the group said. "In light of this continued military action, Protect Democracy's motion for a preliminary injunction seeks to compel all defendants to process its FOIA requests on an expedited basis, and produce all requested records (or acknowledge if there are no such records) without further delay."
"Relief is necessary to avoid the irreparable harm that would occur if the military conflict escalates further while, at the same time, the American people and their elected representatives are denied the information they need to participate in democratic debate," the motion continued.
Politico notes that the involvement of lawyers in preparing justification for the strikes "appears to have been minimal or non-existent."
The White House has previously cited a 2011 OLC memo regarding former President Barack Obama's actions in Libya as justification for the April strikes. However, critics have questioned whether that opinion could apply to the actions in Syria, which many lawmakers termed as illegal and unconstitutional.
Downtown Century Houses 26 Gallery: Downtown Century Houses
, which dominates the southwestern portion of downtown, is home to three century-old houses. The jewel is the 1900
, at 1803 S.W. Park Ave. As Hawkins notes, the house's Queen Anne turret and Moorish porch signal an elegance appropriate for Portland timber baron and philanthropist Simon Benson. Benson gave the city its Benson Bubbler drinking fountains, the Benson Hotel, Benson Polytechnic, the land containing Multnomah and Wahkeena falls, and built the Columbia Gorge Hotel in Hood River. The house was in danger of condemnation in the early 1990s, but the university and concerned citizens stepped in to move it from its former site at Southwest 11th and Clay and restore it on campus. Now it is the alumni center.
Hawkins once consulted on a plan to restore the Marston House, an 1893 Queen Anne that stands at 1622 S.W. 12th Ave. Although its onion dome has been removed and the first level clad in brick, the interior is intact, they said. It serves as home to PSU's Graduate Honors Program.
A third house, the Harder House at 1604 S.W. 10th Ave., has been radically modified and serves as a graduate systems science building.
The closest thing to an intact "century block" downtown is the south side of Southwest Jackson Street from Broadway around the corner to Sixth Avenue. Wrapping from the set-back, cut-away two-story at 2027 S.W. Sixth Ave., which seems to have been moved to the site, to the
t at 632-6 S.W. Jackson St., the block is home to a collection of 1900-era houses and apartment buildings. It was punctured by the unfortunate addition of a mid-century apartment complex on Southwest Broadway, and slashed by the curve of Interstate 405, but parts of it look much as they did when it was a thriving Jewish neighborhood 110 years ago.
A little farther to the east, several houses still stand, if precariously. Lawyer
waged a vigorous campaign to stave off condemnation of their Queen Anne office at 525 S.W. Jackson St. after TriMet and Portland State had targeted it for redevelopment. Now it holds a lonely place between a PSU high-rise and a MAX turnaround.
On the block bounded by Southwest Fourth and Fifth avenues, College and Jackson streets, two radically remodeled houses linger in a block of missing teeth. A double-bayed Italianate dating from 1894 is a duplex at 1986 S.W. Fifth Ave. Around the corner at 420 S.W. College St., in an 1880 building that now houses
, a resident named Sarah Neusihin once pickled cucumbers and sold them in barrels on the sidewalk. Neusihin, sister to a rabbi, established a company that was later sold but whose name lingers in the
of kosher dills.
A couple of downtown houses, at 921 S.W. Clay St., and at 1421 S.W. 12th Ave., were built as rectories for the churches next door. The more attractive of them is four-square Hafner Haus on Southwest 12th, built in 1911. The other, a 1905 two-story listed by the city as "American Basic," was built the same year as the First German Evangelical Church -- now the Portland Korean Church -- next door.
Probably the most dramatic house still standing downtown is the 1879 High Victorian Gothic three-story built as a rectory for Archbishop Francois Blanchet, who conducted masses in now-demolished cathedral next door. Today their former house stands alone, home to
at 219 S.W. Stark St.
Surviving 100-year-old downtown houses
420 S.W. College St.
Built in 1880, the Queen Anne house was home to Neusihin Pickles. Since remodeled, it now houses Alexandrya Restaurant. It's around the corner from
1986 S.W. Fifth Ave.
, an 1894 Italianate duplex that had its double bays cut in half in a remodeling.
525 S.W. Jackson St.
The 1894 Queen Anne
and was renamed the Figo House by its commercial occupant, lawyer Randal Acker.
2021 S.W. Sixth Ave.
Built in 1880.
2013-2015 S.W. Sixth Ave.
Built in 1889.
2027 S.W. Sixth Ave.
Built in 1880 and later sawed off to accommodate the highway. The Sanborn insurance map of 1901 shows the site listed as "Shed," so the house apparently was moved from another location. 624, 626 and 632-6 S.W. Jackson St., all built in 1900 in the Colonial Revival style.
1924 S.W. Broadway.
Date unknown, but an apartment house in the same block was built in 1895. This Victorian Italianate was modified and is home to
and Broadway Coffee.
On Portland State University's campus stand the attractive
at 1803 S.W. Park, the Marston House at 1622 S.W. 12th Ave., and the radically remodeled Harder House at 1604 S.W 10th Ave. All are being used by the university.
1421 S.W. 12th Ave. Built 1911 in the Craftsman style, it stands next to Grace Bible Church. 921 S.W. Clay St. Built in 1905, the same year the First German Evangelical Church (now
) was built next door. 219 S.W. Stark St.
was built in 1879 as living quarters for Archbishop Francois Blanchet, next to a cathedral that was demolished in 1894. Now it's home to Al-Amir Restaurant.
1326 S.W. 12th Ave. 1890, Queen Anne Vernacular, now houses a hair salon and law office, and 1318 S.W. 12th Ave., also 1890, a law office.
1134 S.W 12th Ave. The 1880 Morris Marks house, designed by architect Warren Williams. Must be relocated. It stands next to a Craftsman duplex at 1142-6 S.W. 12th Ave., listed by the city as being built in 1890.
(Here's a link to a page with the City of Portland's 1984 historic resource inventory.
)
1023 and 1015 S.W. Yamhill St. Both date from 1888 and both standing on their original sites, according to Hawkins. Across from the Central Library, they house a salon and a law office.
1402-06 S.W. 12th Ave.
Possibly built in 1908 as a duplex, now divided into 10 units.
1515 S.W. 10th Ave.
The Ada Apartments, with twin gables.
1415 S.W. 11th Ave.
The Hidwell Apartments, built 1908, stand across from the 1882 Old Church.
1123 S.W. Yamhill St.
An 1883 Italianate that was later wrapped in brick still shows its double-bay shape, a chimney and a trace of the old back porch. It's known as the Tilbury/Rothman or just Tilbury Building, after the lawyers who worked there. One part-owner says it may go on the market soon, following a relocation of their practice. They also said it sometimes seemed to be haunted.
(KUTV) The hot-button issue of abortion got even more heated during the third and final presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump Wednesday night.
But for a Utah woman, watching from home, the debate around pro-life and pro-choice was incredibly personal and much more complicated. Alyson Draper took to Facebook in response to Trump's comments that a ninth month abortion is "not acceptable."
"I had to have a late-term abortion," Draper said on Facebook in a post that was shared almost 85,000 times in 22 hours. "It was the worst moment in my life. What made it even worse was the State of Utah had made it illegal. I had one dead twin. The other had severe Spina Bifida, and would only have lived with life support, in great pain, for a few days."
They said it was not anything like the "fear mongering" they said Trump was doing during the debate and urged others to read their post about them experience.
The response was to Trump's counterargument to Clinton's pro-choice stance. From the debate stage, as quoted by Politico, they said:
If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me ... you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.
Clinton, for their part, was adamant that women should make the choice to terminate a pregnancy and not the government. They supported the 1973 Supreme Court decision that disallowed many state and federal government restrictions on abortions.
In their Facebook post, which has since been shared globally on social media and by mainstream media outlets, Draper went on to explain that their own life was in danger and that their family had spoken with their religious leader. In their case, that was an LDS bishop who told them the decision to have an abortion was within the church's guidelines.
Draper, a mother of six other children, continued:
I lay on the hospital floor, bawling hysterically, for twelve hours, waiting for an ethics committee of the health care corporation to decide my case justified what had to be done. My health was in danger due to the dead fetus. My husband and I consulted our LDS Bishop, who assured me I needed to do what I had to do, that it was even within LDS guidelines to do so.
They continued in their post to describe that the abortion was done gently but was still terrible and that they were scarred by them experience.
What Trump described, they said, isn't accurate and said, "Nobody is tearing babies apart in late term. They are always humanely done, only in situations where there is a non-viable or severely defective fetus and/or the mother's health is at risk."
Conservative Utah candidate Evan McMullin also didn't like Trump's words, but for a different reason.
They tweeted, "Why can't @RealDonaldTrump actually say the words 'I want Roe v Wade overturned?' I'm the only pro-life candidate in the race."
Each of the presidential candidates will appoint justices of the U.S. Supreme Court during their expected four-year term as president. The court currently has one vacant position. Two GOP senators, Sen. Orrin Hatch and Sen. Mike Lee, .
A 2013 documentary that played in Utah as part of the Sundance Film Festival depicted the realities of the four doctors in the U.S. who then performed late-term abortions in the U.S.
There were more than a couple of memorable moments at the Rose Bowl that did not necessarily have to do with the game itself. First there was the halftime show from the LSJUMB. Then there was the post game interview .
We have teamed up with a company called BreakingT on designs for a couple of shirts.
The first is Beat Iowa :
"The best half-time performance of all time?
The Stanford Band performed a rendition of the theme song from the online dating site farmersonly.com, morphed into a farmer, a corn maze and had two band members in a cow suit drunkenly wander through the corn maze while the band played. (Unfortunately, video of the band's performance was scarce since ESPN's broadcast cut away once it realized what was going on.)
Celebrate Stanford's 'udder' domination of Iowa in the Rose Bowl with this shirt. White print on super soft cardinal tee ."
The second is Heisman :
"After Christian McCaffrey single-handedly dismantled Iowa in the Rose Bowl, these gentlemen took it upon themselves to remind America who they thought was the best player in the land. Show your love for Christian McCaffrey as they make their case for the 2016 and 2017 "HEIS-MAN!" with this super soft cardinal t-shirt ."
Have a great idea for a shirt? let us know in the comments and we'll see if we can make it happen.
This is probably our least favourite bit of news that we've had to share with everyone since Sonisphere got cancelled (again). Longtime friends of ours here at Rocksins', Bowling For Soup have announced that after fifteen years of making regular trips to our fair isle (sometimes multiple times a year), they have announced that this year's annual October tour will be the band's last trip to the UK.
The tour, which is to be entitled the Bowling For Soup Bids Farewell Tour, will play fourteen shows across the length of England, Scotland and Wales, beginning in Southampton and finishing up at London's Kentish Town Forum two weeks later. It is important for us to state that Bowling For Soup ARE NOT BREAKING UP. But the band are putting a halt to most of their touring activities in order to allow them to focus on other things, including their side projects such as People On Vacation, Jarinus and Erik Chandler's solo career, and to have time to create more Bowling For Soup music.
Rather than us tell you about it, the best thing we can do is show you the video announcement from an uncharacteristically serious BFS frontman Jaret Reddick. Please watch the video below:
The band have confirmed that next year they will be working on a re-recorded The Greatest Hits album as well as a new covers album to help celebrate the twentieth anniversary of Bowling For Soup. So while this is a sad announcement, this is by no means the end. The full tour dates follow below:
Bowling For Soup Bids Farewell UK Tour October 2013
10th – Southampton – Guildhall
11th – Norwich – UEA
12th – Nottingham – Rock City
13th – Manchester – Academy
14th – Leeds – O2 Academy
15th – Glasgow – O2 ABC
16th – Newcastle – O2 Academy
17th – Sheffield – O2 Academy
18th – Liverpool – O2 Academy
19th – Birmingham – O2 Academy
20th – Cardiff – University
21st – Bristol – O2 Academy
22nd – Plymouth – Pavillions
23rd – London – Kentish Town Forum
Tickets for the tour will be on sale on Friday at 9am (12th April) priced at £20 or £21.50 for London plus the usual booking fees. You can get your tickets from LiveNation or Ticketmaster.
In addition to the standard tickets, Bowling For Soup will be offering their usual VIP tickets which get fans into the show early, a meet and greet with the band including photo opportunities, signed merchandise from the guys and exclusive acoustic performances from Jaret and Erik. Details of the VIP tickets are still to be confirmed.
So there we have it. Any further news from the BFS camp, as well as updates on all their other projects and the latest rock & metal news will be available as always here at Rocksins.com.
For anyone who'd like to see some shots of the Bowling For Soup guys in action, you can check out our exclusive photo gallery from their last trip to the UK when they played The Cambridge Junction on the link here -> BFS Cambridge Junction Photo Gallery.
The iconic Doomsday Clock, considered a metaphor for the dangers faced by the world, was pushed ahead by two minutes over concerns about worsening climate change and the world's failure to reduce nuclear weapons, a trans-Atlantic group of prominent scientists announced.
Every year, the Science and Security Board of the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists analyzes international threats, particularly nuclear arsenals and climate change, and decides where the minute hand on the Doomsday Clock should rest. The closer it is to midnight, the closer the world is to doom.
The last time the clock moved was in 2012 when the Board set the minute hand at 11:55 p.m. over concerns about the state of nuclear arsenals around the world. It also was concerned about the Fukushima nuclear meltdown and the outbreak of H5N1 flu. It hasn't moved this much since 2007, when the Board warned that "the world stands on the brink of a second nuclear age." It also cited climate change which it called "a dire challenge to humanity."
Those two issues again took center stage as the Board announced it would bump the clock two minutes ahead, to 11:57 p.m.
"Today, unchecked climate change and a nuclear arms race resulting from modernization of huge arsenals pose extraordinary and undeniable threats to the continued existence of humanity," Kennette Benedict, executive director of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, told reporters. "And world leaders have failed to act with the speed or on the scale required to protect citizens from potential catastrophe. These failures of leadership endanger every person on Earth."
The Board was especially critical of world leaders for failing to take the actions necessary to keep temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F) over what they were in preindustrial times, which most scientists contend would avert the worst impacts of climate change, such as widespread droughts, heat waves and flooding.
World leaders are set to meet later this year in Paris to ink a deal to combat climate change beginning in 2020. But many critics argue it comes too late and won't have the teeth necessary to facilitate a shift away from fossil fuels that are blamed for much of the increase in greenhouse gas emissions.
"Steps seen as bold in light of today's extremely daunting political opposition to climate action do not even match the expectations of five years ago, to say nothing of the scientific necessity," said Sivan Kartha, a member of the Board and a senior scientist at the Stockholm Environment Institute.
"The results are unsurprising. Global greenhouse gas emission rates are now 50 percent higher than they were in 1990," they said. "Emission rates have risen since 2000 by more than in the previous three decades combined. Investments have continued to pour into fossil fuel infrastructure at a rate that exceeds $1 trillion per year, with additional hundreds of billions of dollars in continued fossil fuel subsidies. We can and must turn this around."
The Board also said the United States and Russia weren't doing enough to reduce their nuclear arsenals, while warning that other countries not part of the Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons such as India, Pakistan, Israel, are expanding or modernizing theirs.
"Since the end of the Cold War, there has been cautious optimism about the ability of nuclear weapon states to keep the nuclear arms race in check and to walk back slowly from the precipice of nuclear destruction," said Sharon Squassoni, a Board member and director and senior fellow at the Proliferation Prevention Program, Center for Strategic and International Studies. "That optimism has essentially evaporated in the face of two trends: sweeping nuclear weapons modernization programs and a disarmament machinery that has ground to a halt."
The Board called on the world cap to greenhouse gas emissions, dramatically reduce proposed spending on nuclear weapons modernization programs, re-energize the disarmament process and deal with nuclear waste.
"We are not saying It's too late to take action but the window for action is closing rapidly," Benedict said. "The world needs to be awakened from its lethargy and start making changes. We move the clock hand today to inspire action and move that process along."
The Doomsday Clock is the invention of the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, a publication started by some of the researchers who worked on the atomic bomb. The wife of one of these researchers, Martyl Langsdorf, was a painter. In 1947, they illustrated the first Bulletin cover to feature the Doomsday Clock set at that point at 11:53 p.m.
Langsdorf died in March 2013, but their creation keeps on ticking.
The closest the Doomsday Clock has ever come to midnight was in 1953, when the minute hand ticked to 11:58 p.m. after the first test of the hydrogen bomb. It was at its most optimistic in 1991, when the Bulletin board set the time at 17 minutes to midnight as the Cold War ended.
Since 1991, however, the clock has been ticking gradually toward doom, as it became clear that total nuclear disarmament would not be happening.
Robert Fisk: WikiLeaks exposed US and Hillary's hopelessness BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Almost 30 years ago, a British diplomat asked me to lunch in Beirut. In spite of rumours to the contrary, they told me on the phone, they were not a spy but a mere attache, wanting only to chat about the future of Lebanon. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/columnists/archive/robert-fisk/robert-fisk-wikileaks-exposed-us-and-hillarys-hopelessness-28578558.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25627094.ece/8517a/AUTOCROP/h342/Robert-Fisk
Email
Almost 30 years ago, a British diplomat asked me to lunch in Beirut. In spite of rumours to the contrary, they told me on the phone, they were not a spy but a mere attache, wanting only to chat about the future of Lebanon.
These were kidnapping days in the Lebanese capital, when to be seen with the wrong luncheon companion could finish in a basement in south Beirut.
I trusted this woman. I was wrong. They arrived with two armed British bodyguards who sat at the next table.
Within minutes of sitting down at a fish restaurant, they started plying me with questions about Hezbollah's armaments in southern Lebanon. I stood up and walked out.
Hezbollah had two men at another neighbouring table. They called on me next morning. No problem, they said, they saw me walk out. But watch out.
Ever since this woman lied to me, I have avoided Western embassies throughout the world.
But, about the same time as this deceit was practised on me, the Iranians published in book form their massive, incredible volumes of US secret files from the American embassy in Iran.
Students had spent years since the 1979 Islamic revolution painstakingly sticking together the shredded diplomatic cables to Washington from the US mission in Tehran.
And, lo and behold, one of them is attache Bruce Laingen's conclusion that "the Persian psyche is an overriding egoism . . . The practical effect of it is an almost total Persian preoccupation with self and leaves little room for understanding points of view other than one's own".
And then up pops the very same cable last week on WikiLeaks, breathlessly highlighted by The New York Times as if this is an extraordinary scoop.
It was fascinating, though, to watch Hillary Clinton initially denouncing the WikiLeaks flood as an "attack on the international community".
No sooner had Clinton refused to confirm that the 250,000 perfectly genuine documents were real - they called them "alleged documents" - than the lady from the BBC piped up with a question, also referring to the "alleged documents"; as if the story the BBC were leading with might be a hoax.
The problem, of course, is that it is not a hoax. For this lady, who could not write their own autobiography, ordered - and I still have to shake my head at this - their flunkies to spy on the United Nations.
That Clinton should want their State Department slaves to play secret agents on the poor old UN shows what an utterly worthless institution the US State Department has become.
They were supposed to spy on the encryption details of delegates, credit card transactions, even frequent flyer cards. But who would want to read the nonsense that the UN's overpaid staff write, or how much they spend on lunch?
We now also know that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak "hates Hamas and considers them the same as Egypt's own Muslim Brotherhood, which they see as their own most dangerous political threat".
Well, blow me down. Having watched Uncle Hosni's National Democratic Party hoodlums biffing the Brotherhood earlier this month, this doesn't come as much of a surprise.
When Mubarak hears the name of their presidential opponent Ayman Nour, they claim - according to the WikiLeaks cable - to "feel sick".
Which is just how Nour felt when Mubarak banged them up in the Tora prison complex after the 2005 election.
We are still waiting, naturally, to see what US diplomatic reports really said about the ghastly Yasser Arafat and - more importantly - the Israeli colonial Government in the West Bank.
But fear not. Any truth contained therein will not be reflected in those haughty policy papers churned out by Clinton and their predecessors.
More and more, WikiLeaks is exposing the hopeless nature of US foreign policy and that of its supposed 'allies'. Attack on the international community, indeed.
Section 1: Legislative power vested in Congress Edit
Main article: Vesting Clauses Opening of the 112th Congress , House of Representatives chamber, January 5, 2011 All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. Section 1 is a vesting clause that bestows federal legislative power exclusively to Congress. Similar clauses are found in Articles II and III. The former confers executive power upon the President alone, and the latter grants judicial power solely to the federal judiciary. These three articles create a separation of powers among the three branches of the federal government. This separation of powers, by which each department may exercise only its own constitutional powers and no others,[1][2] is fundamental to the idea of a limited government accountable to the people. The separation of powers principle is particularly noteworthy in regard to the Congress. The Constitution declares that the Congress may exercise only those legislative powers "herein granted" within Article I (as later limited by the Tenth Amendment).[3] It also, by implied extension, prohibits Congress from delegating its legislative authority to either of the other branches of government, a rule known as the nondelegation doctrine.[4] However, the Supreme Court has ruled that Congress does have latitude to delegate regulatory powers to executive agencies as long as it provides an "intelligible principle" which governs the agency's exercise of the delegated regulatory authority.[5] That the power assigned to each branch must remain with that branch, and may be expressed only by that branch, is central to the theory.[6] The nondelegation doctrine is primarily used now as a way of interpreting a congressional delegation of authority narrowly,[7] in that the courts presume Congress intended only to delegate that which it certainly could have, unless it clearly demonstrates it intended to "test the waters" of what the courts would allow it to do.[8] Although not specifically mentioned in the Constitution, Congress has also long asserted the power to investigate and the power to compel cooperation with an investigation.[9] The Supreme Court has affirmed these powers as an implication of Congress's power to legislate.[10] Since the power to investigate is an aspect of Congress's power to legislate, it is as broad as Congress's powers to legislate.[11] However, it is also limited to inquiries that are "in aid of the legislative function;"[12] Congress may not "expose for the sake of exposure."[13] It is uncontroversial that a proper subject of Congress's investigation power is the operations of the federal government, but Congress's ability to compel the submission of documents or testimony from the President or their subordinates is often-discussed and sometimes controversial (see executive privilege), although not often litigated. As a practical matter, the limitation of Congress's ability to investigate only for a proper purpose ("in aid of" its legislative powers) functions as a limit on Congress's ability to investigate the private affairs of individual citizens; matters that simply demand action by another branch of government, without implicating an issue of public policy necessitating legislation by Congress, must be left to those branches due to the doctrine of separation of powers.[14] The courts are highly deferential to Congress's exercise of its investigation powers, however. Congress has the power to investigate that which it could regulate,[11] and the courts have interpreted Congress's regulatory powers broadly since the Great Depression.
Section 2: House of Representatives Edit
Section 3: Senate Edit
Section 4: Congressional elections Edit
Section 5: Procedure Edit
Clause 1: Qualifications of Members Edit Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a Minority Number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide. Section Five states that a majority of each House constitutes a quorum to do business; a smaller number may adjourn the House or compel the attendance of absent members. In practice, the quorum requirement is all but ignored. A quorum is assumed to be present unless a quorum call, requested by a member, proves otherwise. Rarely do members ask for quorum calls to demonstrate the absence of a quorum; more often, they use the quorum call as a delaying tactic. Sometimes, unqualified individuals have been admitted to Congress. For instance, the Senate once admitted John Henry Eaton, a twenty-eight-year-old, in 1818 (the admission was inadvertent, as Eaton's birth date was unclear at the time). In 1934, a twenty-nine-year-old, Rush Holt, was elected to the Senate; they agreed to wait six months, until their thirtieth birthday, to take the oath. The Senate ruled in that case that the age requirement applied as of the date of the taking of the oath, not the date of election. Clause 2: Rules Edit Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a member. Each House can determine its own Rules (assuming a quorum is present), and may punish any of its members. A two-thirds vote is necessary to expel a member. Section 5, Clause 2 does not provide specific guidance to each House regarding when and how each House may change its rules, leaving details to the respective chambers. Clause 3: Record of proceedings Edit Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be entered on the Journal. Each House must keep and publish a Journal, though it may choose to keep any part of the Journal secret. The decisions of the House—not the words spoken during debates—are recorded in the Journal; if one-fifth of those present (assuming a quorum is present) request it, the votes of the members on a particular question must also be entered. Clause 4: Adjournment Edit Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting. Neither House may adjourn, without the consent of the other, for more than three days. Often, a House will hold pro forma sessions every three days; such sessions are merely held to fulfill the constitutional requirement, and not to conduct business. Furthermore, neither House may meet in any place other than that designated for both Houses (the Capitol), without the consent of the other House.
Section 6: Compensation, privileges, and restrictions on holding civil office Edit
Section 7: Bills Edit
Section 8: Powers of Congress Edit
Section 9: Limits on Congress Edit
Section 10: Limits on the States Edit
Notes Edit
References Edit
NASA's Fermi Finds Gamma-ray Galaxy Surprises
Francis Reddy
NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center
Back in June 1991, just before the launch of NASA's Compton Gamma-Ray Observatory, astronomers knew of gamma rays from exactly one galaxy beyond our own. To their surprise and delight, the satellite captured similar emissions from dozens of other galaxies. Now its successor, the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope, is filling in the picture with new finds of its own."Compton showed us that two classes of active galaxies emitted gamma rays -- blazars and radio galaxies," said Luigi Foschini at Brera Observatory of the National Institute for Astrophysics in Merate, Italy. "With Fermi, we've found a third -- and opened a new window in the field."Active galaxies are those with unusually bright centers that show evidence of particle acceleration to speeds approaching that of light itself. In 1943, astronomer Carl Seyfert described the first two types of active galaxy based on the width of spectral lines, a tell-tale sign of rapid gas motion in their cores. Today, astronomers recognize many additional classes, but they now believe these types represent the same essential phenomenon seen at different viewing angles.At the center of each active galaxy sits a feeding black hole weighing upwards of a million times the sun's mass. Through processes not yet understood, some of the matter headed for the black hole blasts outward in fast, oppositely directed particle jets. For the most luminous active-galaxy classes -- blazars -- astronomers are looking right down the particle beam.Using Fermi's Large Area Telescope (LAT), Foschini and their colleagues detected gamma rays from a Seyfert 1 galaxy cataloged as PMN J0948+0022, which lies 5.5 billion light-years away in the constellation Sextans. Splitting the light from this source into its component colors shows a spectrum with narrow lines, which indicates slower gas motions and argues against the presence of particle jet."But, unlike ninety percent of narrow-line Seyfert 1 galaxies, PMN J0948 also produces strong and variable radio emission," said Gino Tosti, who leads the Fermi LAT science group studying active galaxies at the University and National Institute of Nuclear Physics in Perugia, Italy. "This suggested the galaxy was indeed producing such a jet.""The gamma rays seen by Fermi's LAT seal the deal," said team member Gabriele Ghisellini, a theorist at Brera Observatory. "They confirm the existence of particle acceleration near the speed of light in these types of galaxies." The findings will appear in the July 10 issue of The Astrophysical Journal."We are sifting through Fermi LAT data for gamma rays from more sources of this type," Foschini said. "And we've begun a multiwavelength campaign to monitor PMN J0948 across the spectrum, from radio to gamma rays."Another case where Fermi sees something new involves NGC 1275, a massive Seyfert galaxy much closer to home. Also known as Perseus A, one of the sky's loudest radio sources, NGC 1275 lies at the center of the Perseus cluster of galaxies about 225 million light-years away.The Compton observatory's high-energy EGRET instrument never detected gamma rays from NGC 1275, although it was detected by another instrument sensitive to lower-energy gamma rays. But Fermi's LAT clearly shows the galaxy to be a gamma-ray source at the higher energies for which EGRET was designed. "Fermi sees this galaxy shining with gamma rays at a flux about seven times higher than the upper limit of EGRET," said Jun Kataoka at Waseda University in Tokyo. "If NGC 1275 had been this bright when EGRET was operating, it would have been seen."This change in the galaxy's output suggests that its particle beam was either inactive or much weaker a decade ago. Such changes clue astronomers into the size of the emitting region. "The gamma rays in NGC 1275 must arise from a source no more than two light-years across," said Teddy Cheung at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. "That means we're seeing radiation from the heart of the galaxy -- near its black hole -- as opposed to emission by hot gas throughout the cluster."The Fermi team plans to monitor the galaxy to watch for further changes. The results of the study will appear in the July 1 issue of The Astrophysical Journal.NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope is an astrophysics and particle physics partnership mission, developed in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Energy and important contributions from academic institutions and partners in France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, and the U.S.Related Links:
In an older post I blogged about a policing scandal that led to the establishment of an official detective unit within the Metropolitan Police in 1842. Today, I thought I'd write about another policing scandal, called the Turf Fraud Scandal or the Trial of the Detectives. The fraud led to two trials in 1877 and harkened the end of this early era of detective policing at Scotland Yard. The first trial in April 1877 resulted in the conviction of four forgers. The second trial was the “Trial of the Detectives” where several senior officers were convicted of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.[1] This crisis highlighted corruption at the highest level. Once uncovered, it led to the reorganization of the Yard's detectives into a more centralized investigative body called the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) in 1878.
The Turf Fraud had begun in much the same way as many frauds in Victorian England did, with a newspaper advertisement. The fraudsters had created a fictitious betting periodical called The Sport and Racing Chronicle, parts of which they had translated into French and sent to France. The Sport indicated that a certain Mr. Montgomery had become so adept at betting on winning horses that bookies would no longer give them fair odds. As a result, they were searching for individuals to place bets for him. Interested parties would place bets on horses they endorsed with cheques provided by them and then send them the winnings (the horses invariably won) and they would repay them, again by cheques. The only problem was that although the money sent by victims of the swindle was legitimate tender, the cheques they received in payment were not.[2]
The swindlers made between £14,000 and £15,000 from the frauds before their capture, the biggest loser being a Parisian woman named Mme. de Goncourt. They had invested £10,000 with Mr. Montgomery and then asked their banker for further £30,000. The banker was suspicious, a good quality in a banker, and contacted Mme. de Goncourt's solicitor in London. The solicitor made enquiries, quickly determined that the scheme was fraudulent and notified Scotland Yard.[3]
The men behind the fraud eluded capture because they were paying senior-ranking members of the Detective Department to keep them out of trouble. So when Mme. de Goncourt's solicitor contacted the police, the case fell into the hands of men who already knew the fraudsters and protected them. The criminals' luck eventually ran out in Rotterdam, where they were arrested and extradited back to England. Upon their return, they quickly began to talk about the corrupt detective officers who had protected them. Detective Chief Inspectors William Palmer and Nathaniel Druscovich as well as Inspector Meiklejohn (you can see the house that Meiklejohn bought with their hush money on the right) were all involved in this cover up. A fourth, Detective Chief Inspector George Clarke was acquitted but retired thereafter.[4]
The Turf Fraud Scandal, the subsequent Trial of the Detectives, and the Creation of the CID indicate that there were some profound issues of accountability within the Detective Department. Yet, Scotland Yard's detective force withstood the embarrassment. Detective policing had proven a valuable part of London's policing apparatus in the decades after 1842. Detectives were essential to the successful investigation and prosecution of felonies and were (to be discussed in a later post) also in great demand by the Home Office.
Although the creation of the CID ended the first era of detective policing in England, it did not mean the end of detectives. The ranks of the CID were 800 strong by 1884,[5] and after this the expansion of detective policing and political policing in England quickly accelerated.[6] Special Branch and MI5 owed their existence to the (mostly) professional and successful work of the Detective Department, which broke down public suspicion of detective policing. By the late 1870s, detective policing was no longer considered a threat to British liberties but indispensable to their maintenance.
[1] The trial of the forgers Harry Benson, William Kurr, Charles Bale, Frederick Kurr and Edwin Murray can be found here. The detectives' trial can be found here. [2] These were drawn against the non-existent Royal Bank of London. Chris Payne, The Chieftain: Victorian True Crime through the Eyes of a Scotland Yard Detective (Stroud: The History Press, 2011), 200-201. [3] The Times, 20 July 1877. [4] MEPO 21/14. 5] Martin Fido and Keith Skinner, The Official Encyclopedia of Scotland Yard: Behind the Scenes at Scotland Yard (London: Virgin Publishing Limited, 2000), 457. [6] For a discussion of the CID and Special Branch, see Bernard Porter, The Origins of the Vigilant State: The London Metropolitan Police Special Branch before the First World War (London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1987). ** This post is the result of independent academic work. Please do not reproduce the content of this blog in print or any other media without permission of the author (reblogs excepted). Any questions or concerns can be directed to Rachael Griffin via the Feedback page.
Advertisements
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
DEPENDING on your sympathies, your education and your historical experience, a giant bronze Soviet-era soldier in Tallinn, Estonia, may celebrate the liberation of the Estonian capital from fascism; or it may depict the “unknown rapist” in Soviet uniform whose arrival marked the end of one occupation and the start of another.
In Kiev, the capital of Ukraine (or Kyiv—even spelling can be controversial), the church of St Cyril is to some a precious symbol of Kievan Rus'‚ the fabled medieval principality from which both Ukraine and Russia claim descent; to others an obscure museum that badly needs a new coat of paint and proper management.
These are not academic arguments among historians. The Estonian parliament has infuriated Russia with a new law on war graves allowing the bronze soldier to be shifted to the suburbs.
Such a move would be “akin to the [Spanish] inquisition's destruction of the texts and monuments of classical antiquity”, said Vyacheslav Nikonov, a Kremlin fixer and a grandson of Stalin's foreign minister, Vyacheslav Molotov, who negotiated with the Nazis to divide Europe in 1939. From the upper house of the Russian parliament, Mikhail Margelov, another foreign-policy heavyweight, has called for a suspension of diplomatic relations.
A subtler clash of cultures is echoing through St Cyril's, where the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate, tied ecclesiastically to Russia, has influence. Moves may be afoot to redecorate the interior, which contains unique frescoes showing the life of St Cyril.
That thought has provoked anguish among Ukrainians who fear that their country's religious and cultural heritage is being bought, taken or spoiled by their neighbours to the north. They suspect Russian religious conservatives of wanting to do down Ukraine as a rival claimant to the spiritual and historical legacy of Kievan Rus'.
abcgallery
Even so, there ought at least to be common ground that the best thing to do with anything rare and fragile is to study it first. It is unbelievable if, as one scholar insists, the interior of St Cyril's has not been exhaustively photographed and catalogued, the more so in a country with few surviving medieval monuments and with hardly any with iconographic evidence from the Byzantine period.
The argument over Estonia's bronze soldier is both more banal and more visceral. It has been got up partly by the Reform Party, a member of the ruling coalition, which wants to burnish its patriotic credentials before parliamentary elections in March.
In a narrow sense it has succeeded. It has turned Estonians who reject everything about the Soviet era against Estonians with a lingering respect for the Red Army's bravery.
But it is hard to argue that Estonia needs this argument right now, and even harder to argue that Estonia should be expending shamefully scarce diplomatic capital defending its behaviour abroad. Most Western countries reckon that war graves should be depoliticised where possible—though, even here, the facts are in dispute. Estonia says there are no Soviet war dead beneath the bronze soldier. Russia says there are.
For good measure the Estonian parliament may designate September 22nd, when Soviet forces captured Tallinn, a “resistance memorial day”; and penalise public display of both Nazi and Soviet symbols.
Fair enough, you might say. But there are so many other things which should have a prior claim on politicians' attention. Look at the suspicious renationalisation of Estonia's railways, the rampant corruption in parts of government, xenophobic migration laws, and foolish short-termism in party politics. Patriotism may not always be, as Dr Johnson once claimed, the last refuge of a scoundrel. But it does afford a convenient camouflage.
Tom Barse's 47-acre Stillpoint Farm in Mt. Airy, Maryland looks like an average agricultural operation. Its fields are rich with crops, while sheep and horses graze in the pastures. However, Barse's most lucrative crop is actually beer.
In the summer of 2012, Barse opened the small-scale Milkhouse Brewery on a small hill near their house. Over the next six months, the longtime home brewer produced 80 barrels of beer using hops, wheat, barley, and other products grown on the farm. Just three years into the micro brewing operation, they expect to produce nearly 350 barrels – which are distributed in six counties and Baltimore – and they employ two full-time staff members and four part-timers. Their tiny farmhouse brewery now accounts for 90% of their earnings. “It's much bigger than I thought it would be,” they say. “It just exploded.”
There are approximately 40 breweries in Maryland, including five fully functioning farmhouse breweries. However, their ranks are growing quickly. “In eight months, we'll see the number double,” says Kevin Atticks, executive director of the Brewers Association of Maryland.
Barse was a central figure in fomenting this sudsy revolution. For years, they had been growing hops for several Maryland breweries, including Flying Dog Brewery in Frederick and Baltimore's Clipper City Brewing Company, which produces Heavy Seas beer. “Then I realized we could make more money by selling beer rather than selling hops,” they say.
Taking matters into their own hands, Barse helped draft Senate Bill 579, based on similar farmhouse brewery laws in New York, Massachusetts, Virginia, North Carolina, and other states. Enacted in the summer of 2012, the bill allows farmers to start commercial brewing operations by obtaining a Class 8 farm brewery manufacturer's license for an annual fee of $200. The beer can be sampled and sold onsite and at certain beer festivals and farmers markets. Another law allows up to 3,000 barrels to be self-distributed at restaurants and liquor stores within the state. There is a catch, though: a portion of the ingredients for the beer – which could include hops, wheat, barley, fruit, or other components – must be grown on the farm.
This requirement has helped set these new beers – like Milkhouse Brewery's Goldie's Best Bitter and Dollyhyde Farmhouse Ale – apart from other beers. “The whole farm-to-table, locavore movement has really boosted interest in what we're doing,” says Barse. “People really want to have local beer, and they love the fact that we're on a farm where we grow some of our own ingredients.”
Opening a farmhouse brewery isn't a simple feat. Though the state law legalized the operations, business owners must navigate each county's regulations regarding the sale of alcohol. “Additionally, many counties and municipalities have zoning and planning authorities, which can dictate when and where breweries exist,” says Atticks. “It takes quite a while to get used to the various exceptions and exemptions.”
Milkhouse Brewery at Stillpoint Farm in Mt. Airy, Maryland Photo by Bernadette Davis—Reflective Moments Photography
Despite the hurdles, setting up shop as a brewer is an attractive option for cash-strapped farmers. “Small farms can't make money in the traditional ways,” says Adam Frey, owner of Frey's Brewing Company in Mt. Airy, Maryland. “They need to branch out and try producing new products.” Since early 2013, they and three staffers have been using hops grown on their property to produce approximately a dozen beers, including Backwoods Brigade ale, Gung-Ho Joe dark stout, and Farmer Armor saison. At first, Frey produced only a barrel a week. Now they brew 15-20 weekly, depending on the demand.
The veteran-turned-brewer does not have a tasting room on their property yet, so you can't drink their beers onsite. Atticks believes this experience is key to growing the overall farmhouse brewery industry. Agri-tourism gives the bucolic brewery operations a boost in interest and sales. This summer, several of the farmhouse breweries will be featured on a statewide ale trail alongside traditional breweries.
The Aellen brothers – Eric, Anthony, and Victor – know that exposing potential customers to their product's birthplace is a key factor in increasing sales. The three own Linganore Winecellars in Mt. Airy, which opened in 1976 and features an onsite tasting room. In November of last year, the brothers got into the beer-making business when they debuted Red Shedman Farm Brewery & Hop Yard. Compared to the winery, it's a small-time operation. There are 70 acres of grapes and only half an acre set aside for hops on the property. Only four part-time staffers work in the brewery's tasting room, though they do share the vineyard's sales and marketing teams and Victor Aellen serves as the brewmaster. “It's not even a percent of our overall business,” says Eric Aellen, “though it pays for its payroll and its associated bills.”
As the brewery begins to organize onsite beer festivals, market itself, and expand its sales reach – right now, Red Shedman's beers are available in approximately 30 bars, restaurants, and liquor stores throughout the state – Aellen is confident it will become a bigger portion of the business. “We're not selling Bud Light or Coors Light,” they say. “We're selling micro brews with flavor that are made the way beer is supposed to be made. People want that.”
Watch more business news from Fortune:
With 28 sectors of rough stuff, the 112th Paris-Roubaix takes place Sunday in northern France
Paris-Roubaix organizers have rated the 28 cobblestone sectors for the race's 112th edition, which takes place Sunday in northern France.
Representatives from Tour de France owner ASO, Christian Prudhomme, Jean-François Pescheux, and Thierry Gouvenou, previewed the route Monday and rated the sectors based on ” length, the unevenness of the cobbles, the overall condition of the sectors, and their location,” according to a press release.
Cobbled sectors of the 2014 Paris-Roubaix
28. Troisvilles (km 97.5 — 2.2km) ★★★
27. Viesly (km 104 — 1.8km) ★★★
26. Quiévy (km 106.5 — 3.7km) ★★★★
25. Saint-Python (km 111 — 1.5km) ★★
24. Solesmes (km 119.5 — 800m) ★★
23. Saulzoir (km 126 — 1.2km) ★★
22. Verchain-Maugré (km 130.5 — 1.6km) ★★★
21. Quérénaing — Famars (km 135 — 1.2km) ★★
20. Monchaux-sur-Ecaillon (km 140.5 — 1.6km) ★★★
19. Haveluy (km 153 — 2.5km) ★★★★
18. Trouée d'Arenberg (km 161.5 — 2.4km) ★★★★★
17. Wallers — Hélesmes “Pont Gibus” (km 167.5 — 1.6km) ★★★
16. Hornaing (km 174.5 — 3.7km) ★★★★
15. Warlaing — Brillon (km 182 — 2.4km) ★★★
14. Tilloy — Sars-et-Rosières (km 185 — 2.4km) ★★★★
13. Beuvry-la-Forêt — Orchies (km 191.5 — 1.4km) ★★★
12. Orchies (km 196.5 — 1.7km) ★★★
11. Auchy-lez-Orchies — Bersée (km 202.5 — 2.7km) ★★★★
10. Mons-en-Pévèle (km 208 — 3km) ★★★★★
9. Mérignies – Avelin (km 214 — 700m) ★★
8. Pont-Thibaut (km 217.5 — 1.4km) ★★★
7. Templeuve — Moulin de Vertain (km 223.5 — 500m) ★★
6. Cysoing — Bourghelles (km 230 — 1.3km) ★★★★ Bourghelles — Wannehain (km 232.5 — 1,100 m) ★★★
5. Camphin-en-Pévèle (km 237 — 1.8km) ★★★★
4. Le Carrefour de l'Arbre (km 240 — 2.1km) ★★★★★
3. Gruson (km 242 — 1.1km) ★★
2. Hem (km 249 — 1.4km) ★★
1. Roubaix (km 256 — 300m) ★
Decades from now, historians may look back on 2016 as the year Earthlings ate pizza from vending machines, bought burritos from a box in New York's Grand Central Terminal and devoured sushi rolled by robots.
"Automation is coming whether we want it to come or not," said Andy Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc., which owns the Hardee's and Carl's Jr. fast-food chains. "It's everywhere. It's in everything."
At a time when more consumers are embracing hand-made artisanal foods, 24/7 Pizza Box, Burritobox and Sushi Station are headed in the other direction. Vending-machine pizza will start popping up in Florida later this year and chipotle-chicken burritos, accompanied by guacamole and salsa, can now be ordered from an automated box. Sushi-making robots from Japan are already operating in U.S. restaurants and university cafeterias.
Vending machines are a $7.52 billion business that's growing in the U.S., according to researcher IBISWorld Inc. Sales rose 3.3 percent last year and are expected to gain 1.8 percent a year, on average, through 2020. But most have nothing to do with freshly cooked food. The leaders are Outerwall Inc., which dispenses movies through Redbox, and Compass Group Plc, which sells snacks.
Millennials, accustomed to apps and online services such as Uber, Amazon.com and GrubHub, increasingly don't want to interact with other humans when ordering dinner, calling a cab or stocking up on toilet paper. That's why eateries including McDonald's, Panera Bread and CKE Restaurants are investing in kiosks and tablets so customers can also feed their misanthropy.
Customers who eschewed human servers spent more money, according a recent CKE test in Tennessee, Puzder said. Panera has ordering kiosks in some locations, and McDonald's is toying with burger-building touch screens and automated latte makers in a handful of its restaurants. Casual-dining chains, like Chili's and Olive Garden, have tablets so customers can pay at the table instead of waiting for a server.
Michael Walker / Chicago Tribune Former Rolling Meadows Mayor Thomas Menzel at Sushi Station in this 2003 file photo. Sushi Station serves plates on a conveyer belt, a common method of serving sushi in Japan. Former Rolling Meadows Mayor Thomas Menzel at Sushi Station in this 2003 file photo. Sushi Station serves plates on a conveyer belt, a common method of serving sushi in Japan. (Michael Walker / Chicago Tribune) (Michael Walker / Chicago Tribune)
Higher labor costs are also fueling the automation craze. At the beginning of this year, 14 states raised their minimum rates. A $15-an-hour minimum wage will take effect in New York City in 2018 and in California by 2022.
"This is not a vending machine, it's an automated restaurant."
Denis Koci, 30, co-founder and CEO of Box Brands in Los Angeles, maker of Burritobox, said their company can become the Redbox for food. There are 25 burrito-dispensing machines already in areas like Hollywood, California, and Madison, Wisconsin, and 50 more are slated for the next month or so, Koci said. There's one planned for Grand Central train commuters in New York.
For those who may think eating lunch out of a vending machine is gross, Koci said they understand.
"I get it. But this is not a vending machine, it's an automated restaurant," they said. "There are real humans making the burritos. Everything is handmade."
No, those humans are not super-small and no, they don't toil in the machines. The burritos are made in kitchens that also supply restaurants, sometimes flash-frozen, and then shipped to the boxes. They're defrosted before going into the machines. An employee checks the boxes once a day to make sure there's fresh inventory.
The vending machines harken back to the Automat, a 20th-century fast-food restaurant that featured cubbyholes with food items behind glass doors. Put coins in a slot and the door would open for a gratuity-free snack or meal.
The bright orange Burritoboxes are higher tech. They have a touch screen, mobile-phone charging station and live-chat customer service in case there's an issue. It takes about 90 seconds to heat a complete meal, including Cinnabon-brand gooey bites for dessert. Customers can watch music videos on the touch screen while waiting.
Looking for something different on your travels? How about an item from a vending machine? How does that sound interesting, you may ask? Well, you should see these machines in these destinations, per Smartertravel.com. Peruse, plan and punch accordingly.
Unlike Burritoboxes, the pizza machines are unbranded so local pizzerias and packaged-food companies can label and fill the machines with their own pies. Pizzerias in Sarasota, Florida, and Chicago are experimenting with them. Each one holds 108 slices and reheats them in a conveyor oven in about one minute and 40 seconds.
Lynnie Cook, 65, the founder of 24/7 Pizza Box, said they have orders for more than 100 of the $29,920 machines. They expect to sell 2,500 in 2017.
"Our time is getting more precious," Cook said. "You're going to have people bringing food to where the businesspeople are working, or just making it more convenient."
Robotics have made their way into the back of restaurants. Sushi Station, a conveyor-belt-style sushi restaurant in Elgin, Illinois, has two sushi-roll makers from manufacturer Autec. Add rice paper, press a button, add a filling, and voila. The robot costs $19,000. There's also a machine that makes perfectly shaped rice for nigiri. The robotics help the restaurant supply the roughly 1,000 rolls it sells each day.
"It does wonders," said Aki Noda, president of Sushi Station in Elgin. "We can teach employees in a day or two a job that would probably take a year for a sushi chef. You're not going to have any issues of people falling behind."
Big G's Pizza in Chicago, known for its mac-and-cheese slices, is considering buying 24/7 Pizza Boxes, but co-founder Jeronimo Gaytan isn't completely sold yet. He's talked to the company about lowering the machine's reheating temperature so their chain's New York-style crust doesn't end up too crispy. Gaytan also would like to see how the first pizza machines perform in Sarasota before committing.
"Are people actually cool with buying a pizza slice from a vending machine?" they said.
Nine states voted on ballot measures to roll back marijuana prohibition on November 8, 2016. The Marijuana Policy Project supported initiative campaigns to regulate and tax marijuana like alcohol in Arizona, Maine, Massachusetts, and Nevada and was part of a coalition of groups that coordinated a ballot initiative campaign in California. MPP also provided assistance to initiative campaigns to legalize medical marijuana in Arkansas, Florida, and North Dakota. Montana voted on a measure to improve its existing medical marijuana law.
Adult Use
Medical Use
Donations to MPP will be used to generally support MPP's efforts nationwide and are are not earmarked to support activity in any one state. If you would like to support an initiative in a specific state, please donate directly to that state's campaign committee.
If you've watched the 35 minute clip of Beyond: Two Souls from the Tribeca Film Festival, you've seen almost 6% of the entire game.
Speaking during the game's presentation at Tribeca, Quantic Dream boss David Cage said Beyond: Two Souls is ten hours long.
Cage sounded quite confident in the estimation, which is unsurprising if Beyond: Two Souls is as cinematic and narrative-driven as previous efforts like Heavy Rain.
Interestingly, the developer said that players are more likely to finish games like Heavy Rain which are very much story-driven; 75% of players finished Heavy Rain, up from the usual 20% or so.
“Because people wanted to see the end, they wanted to know what would happen next all this was very important,” they said.
So expect to plough your way through ten hous of Ellen Page when Beyond: Two Souls launches exclusively for PlayStation 3 in October.
Thanks, Gamespot.
I travel back home about three or four times a year, and every time I go back, I have to bug one of my friends to send me their address. I always forget to write it down, so whenever I'm getting ready to jump in an Uber to head to their place, I send them a text and they reluctantly type it out for me once again. But with the new Saved Places feature in the Uber app, I no longer have an excuse for not remembering.
Starting today, Uber app users on iOS and Android can bookmark destinations from within the app and choose them from a list whenever they call a ride. The app has always allowed users to store a couple of locations (home and work), but you can now expand that list to as many places as you want.
In order to add a destination to your list of Saved Places, all you have to do is look for the option to save that address in the Uber feed. Once the address has been saved, you can access it at any time by tapping “Where to?” and selecting “More Saved Places,” where a list of addresses will appear. Eventually, the app will even begin to suggest Saved Places as home screen shortcuts, which only require a single click.
As convenient as ride sharing services can be, the lack of customization can be frustrating at times. This is a great addition for Uber and something we hope to see the company build on in the future.
A growing number of sea turtles in Australia's Great Barrier Reef have been infected with a specific strain of herpes virus, and pollution might be the cause, New Scientist reports. Researchers at James Cook University in Australia have found the outbreak is most common in a small part of Cockle Bay known for being a tourist destination. As New Scientist points out, around half the turtles in this area have been infected, compared to less than 10 percent of the bay's overall turtle population.
The virus, which is specific to turtles, leads to fibropapillomatosis, a condition that causes external tumors to grow on a turtle's body. Although the tumors themselves are benign, they make turtles more susceptible to infection, and often obstruct their vision, movement, and ability to eat.
Commonly found in heavily populated areas
And it's not just in Australia. Last year, a record number of turtles in the Florida Keys with fibropapillomatosis were sent to an animal hospital. It's common for healthy turtles to carry this virus, according to New Scientist, but it usually presents no symptoms. Due to the heavily populated locations where fibropapillomatosis is most often found, it's likely that environmental factors have something to do with it.
"It is thought that pollution may weaken [the turtles'] immune systems, thus rendering them more susceptible to disease," Doug Mader, a veterinarian at The Turtle Hospital in Florida, told New Scientist.
The team at James Cook University now plan to test the water for specific contaminants that might be the cause of the outbreak.
A week after rejecting a proposal to let law enforcement agencies automatically scan motorists' license plates, a House committee has reversed course and backed the proposal that some called a money grab.
The House criminal justice committee voted 8-3 to advance the Senate-approved measure for full chamber consideration.
The sponsor, Republican Sen. Ronnie Johns of Lake Charles, said the state would avoid financial risk because a license plate recognition system vendor would bear the initial cost — about $5.3 million — to create and implement the program. That would include paying $15,000 for each reader installed in sheriff deputies' cruisers across the nine participating parishes.
The technology would enable law enforcement to cross-check license plates with databases to determine if vehicles are stolen or uninsured.
As the panel questioned the purpose of Senate Bill 54, Johns said the plate readers would help to enforce Louisiana's mandatory liability insurance law. Supporters said they would also help in identifying criminals' vehicles.
But Rep. Steve Pylant, R-Winnsboro, likened the suggested plate reader program to red light cameras, calling them both “a money grab.” They said law enforcement would be out stopping vehicles if they were concerned about safety. Other panel members agreed, asking why the state wasn't running the program itself, instead of shopping it out to a vendor.
The state simply can't afford such a program, Johns said.
The House committee reworked how to divvy up each collected $200 fine, giving public defenders 10 percent, handing the technology vendor 30 percent and splitting the remaining money between the local sheriff's office and district attorney.
Rep. Denise Marcelle, D-Baton Rouge, wanted to give a larger portion of the collected fines to the state's cash-strapped indigent defense funding, but the committee didn't approve it.
“If it's not a money grab, let's spread it out and let everybody have some,” they said.
Critics there was no proof the proposal would reduce the number of uninsured motorists, adding that the bill overlooked privacy concerns and only supported “revenue-based law enforcement.”
“This is Louisiana politics at its worst,” said Daniel Hayes, Jefferson Parish representative of the Libertarian Party of Louisiana. “If it's not about money, then what's it about?”
The Louisiana District Attorneys Association supported the measure. Pete Adams, executive director of the organization, reminded the committee the Louisiana Legislature can eliminate the program in the future if it doesn't work as intended.
Former Gov. Bobby Jindal vetoed a similar bill last year.
Copyright 2019 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An investment banker from BarCap recently told the Forum of Economic News that he's got the solution to bring "competitiveness" back to the European Union.
Cut benefits by half, and make everyone work harder.
The comments from Hans-Jörg Rudloff, the head of the Management Board of investment bank Barclays Capital, will obviously infuriate the public, who will remember that BarCap paid out bonuses that were so good this year that bankers gathered at a bar immediately after work for a champagne toast to everyone receiving "at least a£600,000 bonuses."
Here's a transcript of what they said:
"Europe is carrying a social rucksack, which makes us uncompetitive in this world. We have provided living standards for our populations which are unheard of, which no one ever thought would be possible, for the last 50 years."
"People do not want to give up these living standards."
"Populations are not ready to voluntarily discipline themselves in more work, fewer rewards, and less security. And it's only [natural] that the population would react like this and here, its a question of democratic leadership and a question of whether indeed we are able to reinvigorate ourselves and to state public ally in this world that that we want to be competitive."
This is what Rudloff says the EU has to do:
Half of the social benefits have to go
People have to work more, longer hours, longer years.
Otherwise, it is impossible to continue to fund the present system of today.
Promote communication and the free movement of people and the immigration from all European countries will push us to a much stronger union.
Wesley Chu's best friend is Michael Jordan, assuming that best friend status is earned by a shared television commercial. If not, then their best friend is their dog Eva who they can often be seen riding like a trusty steed through the windy streets of Chicago.
In 2015, Wesley Chu won the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer. Chu's debut novel, The Lives of Tao, earned them a Young Adult Library Services Association Alex Award and a Science Fiction Goodreads Choice Award Finalist slot. Their latest series, The Rise of Io, published by Angry Robot Books, features a con-woman with an alien cohabitation problem.
 They are currently co-writing a Magnus Bane book titled The Red Scrolls of Magic with Cassandra Clare.
Wesley lives in Los Angeles with their wife, Paula, their son, Hunter, and Eva the Airedale Terrier.
Website: www.wesleychu.com
Twitter: @wes_chu
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA—Following questions on topics ranging from their feelings about winning their fourth Australian Open title to their relationship with Tiger Woods, a visibly frustrated Roger Federer informed reporters Sunday that they were not tennis player Roger Federer and was in fact tennis player Novak Djokovic. "This is my first Grand Slam title, though I hope to win many more," said Federer, who initially appeared to be having fun at the expense of the media present by wearing a dark wig and speaking with an exaggerated Serbian accent. "Seriously, I'm Novak Djokovic. I beat Roger Federer in straight sets in the semi-finals. I repeat, my name is Novak Djokovic. That's capital N, O, V, [approx. 10 letters omitted]." Longtime tennis reporter Bud Collins said the post-match press conference was "classic loose, easygoing Federer," adding that the 14-time Grand Slam champion always remains humble and often deflects praise onto others when asked about their professional achievements.
Advertisement
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Justice Secretary Ken Clarke: "People are entitled to use whatever force is necessary to protect themselves and their homes"
Justice Secretary Ken Clarke has said a householder who knifes a burglar will not have committed a criminal offence under plans to clarify the law on self-defence in England.
They told the BBC people were entitled to use "whatever force necessary" to protect themselves and their homes.
David Cameron recently said the issue should be put "beyond doubt".
Labour said the law was "already clear" and the remarks were a "smokescreen" to hide confusion over sentencing changes.
Mr Clarke has come under attack over proposed changes to sentencing policy, but has denied making a series of U-turns on key elements amid pressure from Tory MPs and sections of the media.
They have said they are committed to axing indeterminate prison sentences, despite opposition from many Tory MPs.
They said indeterminate sentences - where prisoners can be held beyond their original release date if they still pose a danger to society - had been an "unmitigated disaster" since they had been introduced by Tony Blair and suggested an alternative to them would be in place within two years.
On people's rights to self-defence in their homes, Mr Clarke said there was "constant doubt" about the issue and the proposed legislation would make this "much clearer".
Under the terms of the 2008 Criminal Justice and Immigration Act, homeowners who use "reasonable force" to protect themselves against intruders should not be prosecuted, providing they use no more force than is absolutely necessary.
'Absolute right'
But the government is set to place people's right to defend their property, long present in common law, in statute law.
"It's quite obvious that people are entitled to use whatever force is necessary to protect themselves and their homes," Mr Clarke said.
We will make it quite clear you can hit the burglar with the poker if he's in the house and you have a perfect defence when you do so Ken Clarke Q&A: What is 'reasonable force'?Mounting concerns over legal aid
Asked about what this would mean in practice, they said: "If an old lady finds she's got an 18 year old burgling their house and they pick up a kitchen knife and sticks it in them they have not committed a criminal offence and we will make that clear."
They added: "We will make it quite clear you can hit the burglar with the poker if he's in the house and you have a perfect defence when you do so."
Mr Clarke said legal protection would not extend to anyone shooting a burglar in the back when they were fleeing or "getting their friends together to beat them up".
"We all know what we mean when we say a person has an absolute right to defend themselves and their home and reasonable force.
"Nobody should prosecute and nobody should ever convict anybody who takes those steps."
But Labour said ministers had created confusion by first suggesting they were going to change existing laws before deciding merely to clarify them.
"The law is already clear - under the existing law people can rightly defend themselves and their property with reasonable force," said shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan.
They added: "This government has used spin and smokescreens of new laws in an attempt to distract from what is a justice bill in total shambles."
Indeterminate terms
Mr Clarke has been defending proposed sentencing and legal aid changes in Parliament.
Although no plans to change indeterminate public protection sentences are currently included in proposed legislation debated on Thursday, Mr Clarke earlier made clear their determination to repeal them.
This is a release revolution which will simply catapult more criminals out on to the streets Philip Davies, Conservative MP
While some people had to stay in prison for an unspecified amount of time, they said the six-year old policy was "filling up" prisons and it was "indefensible" some prisoners did not know how long they would have to serve.
Ministers dropped plans to offer suspects pleading guilty at the earliest opportunity a 50% reduction in their jail sentences following a public consultation, but Mr Clarke suggested there would be no backtracking on this matter.
Although they would consider carefully any changes, they said more prisoners should get "fixed-length" sentences.
Tory MP Philip Davies said indeterminate sentences - 6,000 of which have been handed down - have reduced crime and Mr Clarke's stance on the issue "shows beyond all doubt that re-offending is not their priority".
"This bill is not the rehabilitation revolution or the reduced reoffending revolution we were promised," Mr Davies told the Commons.
"This is a release revolution which will simply catapult more criminals out on to the streets to commit more crimes."
A No 10 spokesperson said the government was looking at the system of indeterminate sentencing "with a view to replacing it".
Legal advice centres
MPs also discussed the government's plans to cut legal aid in England and Wales at the second reading of Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill.
Under the plans, aimed at saving £300m from the £2.1bn legal aid bill, people will not be eligible for legal aid in a far broader range of civil cases than at present.
But the proposals have come under fire from lawyers and campaign groups, who claim they will lead to more crime and penalise victims.
In an effort to reassure some critics, Mr Clarke announced an additional £20m for this financial year to help fund not-for-profit legal advice centres.
"I agree that they do very important work in providing quality, worthwhile advice of the kind required by very many people who should not need adversarial lawyers," they said.
But they added that legal aid was only one of several income streams for many such organisations, with 85% of Citizens Advice Bureaux funding coming from other sources.
At the end of the debate, 295 MPs voted in favour of the bill and 212 voted against. Five Conservatives were among those who voted no.
We've just received word that Virgin Mobile will be carrying the iPhone 5 next week on its Beyond Talk plans with unlimited 3G/4G LTE data and messaging starting at $35/month (with $5 discount for auto-payments).
The 16GB iPhone $549.99 pricing plan + $30/month for unlimited data is extremely competitive with what's out there but this comes late in the update cycle. Virgin, a pre-paid division of Sprint which also uses the carrier's CDMA 3G and LTE 4G networks, will also offer the 32GB and 64GB versions of the iPhone for $649.99 and $749.99 respectively.
For instance, a 16GB iPhone 5 on the $30/month plan will cost $360+$550=$910 over a year or +$360= $1270 over 2 years.
Virgin Mobile USA will launch the iPhone 5 on Friday, 6/28/12 on its Beyond Talk plans, with unlimited 3G/4G LTE data and messaging* starting at $35 per month but customers can also receive a $5 per-month plan discount when they register and sign up for automatic monthly payments [“Auto Pay”] with a credit card, debit card or PayPal account, making the iPhone 5 available on Virgin Mobile for as low as $30 per month**. The 16GB iPhone 5, available in Black and White, will be available at www.virginmobileusa.com , at participating Virgin Mobile dealers, and at RadioShack, our exclusive national retail distributor,for $549.99 [excluding taxes]. The 32GB and 64GB, also in Black and White, will be available online only for $649.99 and $749.99, respectively. *All plans include 2.5GB/month of 3G/4G full speed data. ** Requires registration for automatic monthly payments and Virgin Mobile Service is subject to Terms of Service found atvirginmobileUSA.com.
Virgin has been offering the iPhone 4 and 4S for quite some time and recently began discounting the devices by 15% with the same $30/month unlimited plans…
.
From 9to5Toys.com:
If you and/or someone you know is looking to upgrade to a low-cost iPhone/Plan, Virgin has a great offer on the table. Both the 8GB iPhone 4 and the 16GB iPhone 4S are 15% off for a limited time. Normally priced at $349 and $449, the unsubsidized phones come without an obligation to get a plan however Virgin's plans are the least expensive out there, especially considering they include unlimited data and start at $30/month.
ABOUT Texas Furs
Group Rules
No chat or group comment spamming
No roleplay (ABSOLUTELY NO YIFFING) in group chat
No flaming or trolling other members, please respect everyone
English (and Spanish if the chatroom has enough speakers) only in chatroom
No NSFW links unless marked
No hyenas without a leash (YES PATH, THIS MEANS YOU. 😠)
Whether you're from The Big D, Cowtown, Space City, Aggieland, Alamo City, The Sun City, or even live to keep it weird, this is the group for you and your fellow furry Lone Star citizens to give a big "Howdy" to each other or discuss the finer things of Texas like Dr. Pepper, Whataburger, Tex-Mex, Barbeque, Blue Bell, or lack of a state tax!If another member in the group is causing you distress, please contact an officer of the group so we can deal with it appropriately.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Scott Walker ran a bizarrely off-key campaign for the Republican presidential nomination. Ad Policy
So it made sense that they would end that campaign on a bizarre note: with a tone-deaf attempt to portray their decision to quit the competition as an act of political heroism.
“Today I believe that I am being called to lead by helping to clear the field in this race so a positive conservative message can rise to the top of the field,” the governor of Wisconsin announced Monday. “With that in mind, I will suspend my campaign immediately.”
Walker was not being driven from the race by low poll numbers and the prospect that their campaign cupboard would soon be empty, they wanted anyone who was still paying attention to know.
No. No. No.
Walker was leading by leaving. In the most bizarre line of a bizarre campaign, Scott Walker said they wanted to lead by quitting.
When politicians fail to realize their ambitions, yet retain those ambitions, any spin will do.
In Scott Walker's case, spin was all they were left with.
A presidential campaign that for a brief shining moment seemed inevitable had become impossible. And Walker was floundering about in search of an explanation.
Of course, anyone who had been following this governor's epic rise and fall knows that the floundering begun long before the governor's hastily scheduled press conference in an almost empty ballroom at Madison's Edgewater Hotel.
The fact is that Scott Walker never knew why they were running for president.
They just knew that they wanted to be president.
Thus, every statement Walker made after announcing their candidacy in mid-July sounded exactly like what it was: a desperate attempt to make Scott Walker the interesting and appealing candidate that they were never going to be.
No one beat Scott Walker for the nomination—not Donald Trump, not Jeb Bush, not Ben Carson, not Carly Fiorina.
Scott Walker talked themselves out of the running.
Before their formal announcement, Walker's three years of positioning—rather than governing Wisconsin—had earned them something akin to front-runner status. They led the polls nationally and in key states. They had plenty of money. And they seemed to be the one candidate who genuinely appealed both to billionaires and to Tea Partisans.
With that formal announcement, however, Walker invited grassroots Republicans to begin paying serious attention to him.
Those Republicans were ready to be inspired, ready to be led.
But Walker could only offer them old war stories about wrangling with unions in Wisconsin.
That counted for something with wealthy Republican donors, who had invested tens of millions of dollars to defend Walker from the wrath of Wisconsinites who had been infuriated by the governor's attacks on organized labor, public education, and public services. No one beat Scott Walker—not Trump, not Bush, not Carson, not Fiorina. They talked themselves out of the running.
But it didn't mean much to the voters who would decide the winner of Republican caucuses in Iowa and the primaries in New Hampshire and South Carolina. Polling shows that support for labor unions has been on the rise since 2009; Democrats are more enthusiastic than Republicans. But 42 percent of voters who identify with the Grand Old Party now say they approve of unions—and almost one-fifth of Republicans now say that unions should be stronger.
There's a reason for this. A lot of Republican voters work for a living, and a substantial number of them are union members. While grassroots conservatives have been instructed by corporate America's amen corner in the media to be angry with unions and living wages and teachers and public employees, they have never been so enthusiastic in that anger as the billionaires who seek to build their empires on a foundation of income inequality and wage stagnation.
So Walker's core message—union busting—never really resonated to the extent that the governor and their strategists imagined it would.
Indeed, it started to hurt him, as even their allies giggled at Walker's suggestion that refusing to respect the honest protests of teachers and nurses and librarians in Wisconsin had prepared them to respond to the most daunting of global threats.
Walker had to come up with another line to peddle.
And that's where everything fell apart. THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
As Walker grew increasingly desperate to connect with the party faithful, their campaign degenerated into parody. When they were not pondering the prospect of walling off Canada, or imagining that President Obama was responsible for worsening racial tensions, the governor started to engage in appointment-book “boldness.” Walker promised they would rip up the nuclear agreement with Iran on their first day in office. Walker promised they would rip up Obamacare on their first day in office. Walker said they might have to start a war on their first day in office. When none of that worked, Walker simply announced their intention to “wreak havoc” in Washington.
None of the “bold” gestures worked. The governor's poll numbers trended down, down, down, down—all the way to zero in a national CNN poll released Sunday.
Walker found themselves facing the ugliest threat of the 2016 campaign cycle: banishment to the kids' table in the next Republican debate.
The man who had entered the race as a front-runner was suddenly pondering the prospect that they could be the first top-tier contender to be ushered off the main stage.
Walker knows enough about politics to understand that, in the new calculus of the 2016 race, banishment to the kids'-table debate is not just embarrassing. It's a potential career crusher.
Walker, who has been an elected official since 1993, was not prepared to have their career crushed just yet. It may be true that no one else could imagine Walker as president, but the governor still could.
They were not about to fritter away future prospects by playing the “Dead Man Walker” role to which they were being assigned by the cruel fates of the 2016 race.
So they decided to “lead by helping to clear the field…”
Yes, of course, the line was laughable.
But they had nothing else to say.
While there was much talk about Walker running out of money, their elaborate networks of official and “independent” campaign operations still had sufficient resources to make a final push. Millions of donor dollars were still available to mount a media campaign to reposition the governor once more as a credible contender.
The problem was that Walker needed something to say: some message, some idea, some theme other than “derp, unions bad.” And it just wasn't coming to him.
Walker had nothing to offer.
So they decided to quit rather than fight.
However, the governor who claimed to be “unintimidated” could not make a clean exit.
Unlike former Texas governor Rick Perry, who left the race several weeks ago with a measure of grace, Walker still nurtured ambitions. Even if they could not be the party's nominee, Walker told himself, they could be a “leader.”
That is the sort of calculation that makes a political careerist spin their swan song as an act of political courage and leadership.
Unfortunately for Walker, Republicans who could not see them as a leader when they were an official candidate are unlikely to see them as a leader now that they are an officially an also-ran.
Fleetwood Mac - Rumours (1977) Now Fleetwood Mac are cool again, but there was a long period when they weren't. You don't make one of the biggest albums of all time without some backlash. But after a Smashing Pumpkins cover, a high-profile reunion special and extensive touring, the Mac came back into public favor, and you can see their influence in a huge way these days, especially in young, female-fronted rock bands like Best Coast, Haim and Beach House. Anyway, Rumour kicks ass and pretty much every baby boomer owns it.
Gerry Rafferty – City to City (1978) Boasting the saxophone-laced cheese classic “Baker Street,” City to City was a solid return for Rafferty, who'd not released an album in six years (he was busy in another dad rock act, Stealers Wheel, who were behind the immortal “Stuck in the Middle With You”) and went to No. 1 with this one. That sax riff alone will be stuck in our collective heads ‘till the day we die. Anyone knows what the hell makes that “bwooooo” sound?
Steely Dan – Aja (1977) A much-maligned dad rock band that now sounds pretty sweet to us, Steely Dan were famously fastidious in their recording—they allegedly went through dozens of guitar solos before landing the one they wanted for standout “Peg.” Though it vaguely seems to define the excess of '70s recording until punk, Aja now plays out sweetly and smoothly, a perfect marriage of jazz and pop-rock. Rappers would get a lot of mileage out of sampling the unbeatable groove of “Black Cow.”
Santana – Abraxas (1970) The end of “Black Magic Woman” is still the best. God I hate it when K-Earth cuts it off.
The Allman Brothers Band - At Fillmore East (1971) Some call this the greatest rock concert ever set to vinyl. An awesome double-LP set of Southern-fried rock ‘n' roll with several telltale dad rock signs: harmonic guitar playing; the word “band” in the band's name; the fact that it's a live album; and mustaches galore!
Cream – Disraeli Gears (1967) Despite the later annoyingness of Eric Clapton (could we put their Unplugged album under worst dad rock albums ever?), this album has one of the most famous guitar riffs of all time (on “Sunshine of Your Love”) and is solid throughout. A hippie rock classic whose influence is oft-overlooked these days—listen to garage rockers like Ty Segall's Fuzz or Thee Oh Sees and you'll hear Cream's chunky riffs blown up into new psychedelic frontiers.
Elton John – Goodbye Yellow Brick Road (1973) Well before The Lion King and their duet with Eminem, Elton John was a glam-rock weirdo with big ass glasses and fun songs like “Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting.” The country-rockin' Tumbleweed Connection could be a little daddier, but this is their best album.
The Band - Music from Big Pink (1968) The greatest backing band ever became one of the flat-out best bands ever on their debut album, which eschewed the prevalent psych-rock of the time in favor of soulful roots-rock. Hard to think of contemporary dad-rock proliferators like The National, Ryan Adams or Wilco without The Band.
Bruce Springsteen - Born to Run (1975) Bruce Springsteen's mainstream breakthrough record is the dad rock album of choice for leftist dad, a wall-of-sound heartland rock record that helped put Springsteen's songcraft, everyman imagery and mouthful-of-oatmeal growl on the map and pave the way for future dad-rockers like Tom Petty. I guess dads are younger now, so 1984's Born in the U.S.A. works too.
The Who – Quadrophenia (1973) While most of The Who's catalog still seems pretty contemporary, Quadrophenia is one of those crusty '70s relics that can only be called dad rock, a sprawling rock opera that defines excess. But it's an important, time-capsule worthy document anyhow.
Led Zeppelin – IV (1971) It's hard to call this dad rock, but it is. Maybe I'm just speaking from personal experience—I specifically remember my dad buying this on tape and force feeding it to us, hating it, then coming to worship it years later. Another fun fact about me: My parents' first date was a Led Zeppelin concert. I GUESS YOU COULD SAY I WAS BORN FROM ROCK ‘N' ROLL. Led Zep are worth mentioning, anyway, since the first three Led Zeppelin albums just got reissued on vinyl (I, II and III), and they're all absolutely essential (obviously). IV should be reissued too sometime this year.
Wings – Band on the Run (1973) I'm guessing Wings sounded like dad rock even when they were first around. The Beatles and John Lennon—hell, even Paul McCartney's solo career—are too cool to qualify. However, Wings were unabashedly cheesy, and thus alone get the distinction of falling under corny music our dads made us suffer through. But Band on the Run is actually really good, helping launch power-pop and eventual new wave with its nonstop exuberance and then-novel use of synthesizers as a lead instrument on songs like “Jet.”
James Taylor – Sweet Baby James (1970) James Taylor just sounds like a dad, tucking you into bed with their mellifluous voice and acoustic guitar notes that fall like beads of soft rain.
Yes - The Yes Album (1971) Could've put just about any prog-rock record on here, but … Yes is the daddiest. This takes the place on this list for Pink Floyd, Genesis, Rush and a lot of other bands that clocked in 10-plus-minute songs on the reg.
Chicago – Chicago IX: Chicago's Greatest Hits (1975) Reviled by some critics, Chicago nonetheless have the dad rock sound on lockdown. This album has most of their big hits, including the fatherly classic “Saturday in the Park.”
Creedence Clearwater Revival - Green River (1969) CCR are sort of the poster boys of dad rock, albeit in the best sense. John Fogerty's ragged voice and guitar playing sounds more punk to me than a lot of bullshit classic rock.
Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge Over Troubled Water (1970) I like this album too much to even pretend to make fun of.
Some of MMA's biggest stars took to Twitter to react to Anderson Silva and Nick Diaz failing drug tests. Silva failed their pre-fight drug test for two performance-enhancing drugs, while Diaz failed their post-fight test for marijuana metabolites.
Sad that Anderson silva tested positive for steroids. Although in hindsight, I'm not surprised. I'm too naive. #any1notcheatingbesidesme — michael (@bisping) February 4, 2015
WoW! @ufc has a lot of explaining to do. #SAD day in the ufc world. Crazy how Dana can control if they fight or not.The mighty dollar! LOL — Tito Ortiz (@titoortiz) February 4, 2015
All is lost. I'm gonna go jump off a fu king bridge. ANDERSON SILVA DOES NOT USE PEDs! — Marcelino Evil (@KCBanditMMA) February 4, 2015
In other news, Fedor is still the #GOAT — Marcelino Evil (@KCBanditMMA) February 4, 2015
Only thing I am testing positive for is Pasta or Cheese. — Joe Lauzon (@JoeLauzon) February 4, 2015
Fucking lame. Can't look up to anyone these days. Fuck you silva and Diaz. Fuck man. — Cody Bollinger (@CodyBollinger) February 4, 2015
Positively not taking shit. Everyone testing +. #fightclean — Scott jorgensen (@Scottjorgensen) February 4, 2015
We're Silva's test results known by the commission and UFC before the fight? If so, why was they allowed to compete? — TJ Grant (@TJ_Grant) February 4, 2015
What's the point of doing pre fight testing (as in 1/9) if you don't get the results back until after the fight? Rush that shit to the lab — Cody Gibson (@TheRenegade559) February 4, 2015
FUCKING SERIOUSLY is everyone on the fucking sauce? — Tom Lawlor (@FilthyTomLawlor) February 4, 2015
I can't wait until we can just focus on MMA without all the extra drug test failures, etc — Derek Brunson (@DerekBrunson) February 4, 2015
Why the fuck did Anderson get to fight? It's a seriously dangerous sport that could cause serious trauma #DontBeScaredHomie — Ramsey Nijem (@RamseyNijem) February 4, 2015
Man....... When is everyone gonna learn? #YourPissWontLieForYou — Ricardo Lamas (@RicardoLamasMMA) February 4, 2015
Spiderbolics — C H I T O V E R A (@chitoveraMMA) February 4, 2015
[Gets on Twitter to have some fun] [Sees torches and pitchforks] [Quickly logs off Twitter] — Stipe Miocic (@stipemiocicufc) February 4, 2015
Someone once told me "If you're in the top 10 in UFC you're on something!" Looks more and more true with every major fight. Sad to hear. — Anthony Birchak (@abirchakMMA) February 4, 2015
http://t.co/2B1kSqXXyL this can't be true — jimi manuwa (@POSTERBOYJM) February 4, 2015
More disappointment in #mma — Kenny Florian (@kennyflorian) February 4, 2015
All fighters should follow the rules if they wanna be a pro-fighter but #PED's = way worse than prescribed or recreational marijuana use. — Kenny Florian (@kennyflorian) February 4, 2015
Wow just found out how to be the GOAT & get paid @ufc that why they like Nike just do it! Lol it's funny http://t.co/1sqQHdrQWF — Roy Nelson (@roynelsonmma) February 4, 2015
Maybe since @nickdiaz209 will be suspended at length they would be open to coming to Asia and fighting under real MMA rules. @ONEFCMMA — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) February 4, 2015
A guy has super miraculous recovery from an injury and people are surprised that they had steroids in their system? — ike vallie-flagg (@IKEVF) February 4, 2015
Welcome to Puck Drop Preview 2014-15, where our hockey department gives you a detailed look at each team from arou nd the
NHL leading to the start of this hockey season and offers our insight and analysis. Makes sure to stick around until the end of the series, where we'll offer our full predictions for the standings in each division, and eventually our collective LWOS 2014-15 Stanley Cup pick. You can check out all our articles on our Puck Drop Page. Today we kick things off with the Atlantic Division, and the Boston Bruins.
Last Season:
The Boston Bruins had one of the franchise's best records in 2013-2014, ending the season by capturing the Presidents Trophy as the league's best team. They finished the season with 117 points with a record of 54-19-9. In comparison to the Bruins 1970-1971 season, which was the Bruins best season in franchise history, they tallied 121 points with a record of 57-14-7. It was an all-around great regular season for the Bruins, however there were some doubts before 2013-14 began.
Firstly, many Bruins fans resented the blockbuster trade that sent Tyler Seguin and Rich Peverley to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Loui Eriksson and Reilly Smith. Though Eriksson is known to be an underrated player, some couldn't bear the fact that the Bruins gave up on the young superstar that is Seguin. At the end of the day, however, Smith had a breakout season, scoring 20 goals and tallying 31 assists for a total of 51 points, which is Smith's best NHL season to date.
Eriksson's season was not as good, however, as they were injured twice last season, both resulting in concussions. It ended up being one of Eriksson's worst seasons, though you can't blame them for the games they missed due to their injuries.
Secondly, many fans began to panic when it became apparent that Nathan Horton was not going to re-sign with the Bruins. Horton signing with the Columbus Blue Jackets was a major loss for Boston. After spending three seasons with the Bruins and appearing in two of the teams Cup runs, Horton became a fan favorite. The Bruins knew they had to fill the void left by Horton's departure with somebody that played similar to him. And who is a other than Jarome Iginla?
The Bruins signed Iginla to a one-year, bonus heavy deal with the hopes that they could provide the same as Horton. Iginla did just that. Iginla posted 30 goals and 31 assists for a total of 61 points. When comparing Iginla's stats to Horton's in the 2010-2011 season, Iginla had 4 more goals and 4 more assists for a total of 8 more points. Not to mention, Iginla played fewer games than Horton as well.
It wasn't just Smith and Iginla who surprised many last seasons, however Carl Soderberg provided more than what was expected of him. Soderberg scored 16 goals and contributed to 32 assists for a total of 48 points in the season. They ranked 7th among all Bruins players in points.
However, for all their positive personnel moves and for all their regular season success, things didn't turn out so well for Boston in the playoffs. After dispatching the Detroit Red Wings in a relatively easy five-game first round series, the Bruins met up with hated rival Montreal in round two. With a 3-2 series lead, the Bruins couldn't get it done in games six or seven, scoring just one combined goal in both games against Montreal netminder Carey Price, and again found themselves out of the playoffs earlier than they had hoped, after reaching the Stanley Cup final the previous year.
Puck Drop Preview: 2014-2015 Boston Bruins
Offseason Changes:
Though many teams have gone through various changes this offseason, the Bruins have pretty much kept quiet. The Bruins don't have a whole lot of room to make additions. In fact, the majority of changes for the Bruins this offseason have been players leaving. Those players include Iginla, Shawn Thornton, Chad Johnson, and Corey Potter. And thanks to Iginla's bonus heavy contract from the 2013-2014 season, the Bruins currently remain above the cap limit by $809,143, making it burdensome to find replacements.
In addition to that, the Bruins are finding it difficult to negotiate a new contract with restricted free-agents Torey Krug and Reilly Smith due to Iginla's bonuses, forcing the Bruins to make a trade to relieve cap space.
Another notable change this offseason for the Bruins was the sudden departure of assistant coach Geoff Ward. Ward decided to leave their position as the assistant coach of the Bruins to become the head coach of Adler Mannheim, a hockey team based in Germany. It was tough to see Ward leave for many, as they were the assistant coach for the Bruins when they won the Stanley Cup in 2011. In response to Ward leaving, the Bruins hired Joe Sacco, former head coach of the Colorado Avalanche who was most recently an assistant in Buffalo.
2014-2015 Lineup Projections:
This 2014-2015 lineup is just a projection. After all, it is expected that the Bruins are going to make a trade, so the chance of this lineup being exact is not likely.
Milan Lucic – David Krejci – Loui Eriksson
Brad Marchand – Patrice Bergeron – Reilly Smith
Daniel Paille – Carl Soderberg – Chris Kelly
Ryan Spooner – Gregory Campbell – Jordan Caron
Zdeno Chara – Dougie Hamilton
Dennis Seidenberg – Johnny Boychuk
Torey Krug – Adam McQuaid
Tuukka Rask
Niklas Svedberg
Players To Watch:
Kevan Miller : Considered as one of the Bruins up-and-coming young defenseman, Miller will be working hard to become a regular in Boston this season. Last season, due to Dennis Seidenberg's season-ending injury, Miller found themselves getting a good amount of ice-time. They might find it hard to get ice-time this upcoming season considering all of the Bruins defenseman are healthy, however if there's a trade and/or a spot opens up, Miller will be the first guy called.
: Considered as one of the Bruins up-and-coming young defenseman, Miller will be working hard to become a regular in Boston this season. Last season, due to Dennis Seidenberg's season-ending injury, Miller found themselves getting a good amount of ice-time. They might find it hard to get ice-time this upcoming season considering all of the Bruins defenseman are healthy, however if there's a trade and/or a spot opens up, Miller will be the first guy called. Jordan Caron : This upcoming season is ultimately Caron's last chance to prove he's worthy of wearing the Spoked B. Unfortunately, Caron's name is often tied-up with a notion of underperformance. Being drafted 25th overall in the 2009 NHL draft, many people had high expectations, ones that Caron has yet to accomplish. Caron received their first one-way contract from the Bruins this offseason. It's a one-year contract, concluding that they have a lot to prove in a short time frame if they want to stay in Boston.
: This upcoming season is ultimately Caron's last chance to prove he's worthy of wearing the Spoked B. Unfortunately, Caron's name is often tied-up with a notion of underperformance. Being drafted 25th overall in the 2009 NHL draft, many people had high expectations, ones that Caron has yet to accomplish. Caron received their first one-way contract from the Bruins this offseason. It's a one-year contract, concluding that they have a lot to prove in a short time frame if they want to stay in Boston. Niklas Svedberg: For years now, the Bruins have always had an impressive goaltending duo. Some of the Bruins previous backup goaltenders include Anton Kudobin, Chad Johnson, and current Bruins starting goaltender and 2014 Vezina Trophy winner Tuukka Rask. It'll be interesting to see if Svedberg can continue the tradition of great goaltending tandems.
On The Rise:
Dougie Hamilton
Torey Krug
Carl Soderberg
When it comes to players that are expected to have a breakout season, Dougie Hamilton, Krug, and Soderberg are notable thoughts. Hamilton played only their second season in the NHL last year, and they ended up being one of the Bruins the best defenders. The Bruins relied heavily on Hamilton, especially due to the loss of Seidenberg. As a result, Hamilton's time on ice was increased. They average 19:06, which is only six seconds under what Nashville defender Shea Weber's time on ice was in their second year in the NHL. Next season, Hamilton will continue to grow as a player, and you can expect them to be an elite defender in the next few years.
The next player on the uprise is Krug. Last season was Krug's first season in the NHL, and they had one of the best seasons a rookie offensive-defenseman could have. In 79 games, Krug scored 14 goals and tallied 26 assists for a total of 40 points. They were extremely impressive last season, and they also proved to be the most important asset to the Bruins powerplay, a powerplay which has been at the bottom of the league the past few years.
Finally we come to Soderberg. Last season was Soderberg's first full season in the NHL, and they completely shattered any of the doubters. Soderberg, who was first thought of as a fill-in player, became one of the best contributors for the Bruins. They ended the season ranking 7th among all Bruins players in points.
On The Decline:
Zdeno Chara
Loui Eriksson
Adam McQuaid
When it comes to players that are expected to decline next season, Zdeno Chara, Loui Eriksson, and Adam McQuaid are notable potentials. Chara is entering the last lustrum of their career. He's consistently been a dominant force in the NHL from day one, and continues to be today. In addition to that, Chara was also nominated for the Norris Memorial Trophy in the 2014 NHL awards. With that being said, at 37-years-old (and turning 38 in March), age is catching up to Chara, and it's becoming apparent.
Mainly because of Chara's dominance and physicality, he's able to take on a large amount of time on ice. As they age, however, fatigue, which is often portrayed as a turnover, becomes a factor in how much Chara can continue to play. This is not to say that Chara isn't a good player, because that's completely inaccurate, however it's unenlightened to overlook the signs of Chara's decline.
Eriksson is one of the most underrated players in the NHL, even though he's proved time after time that he's capable of being a star. However, suffering two concussions in a year could be a major set-back for the future. It's very possible that Eriksson will still be a valuable member of the Bruins, however don't rule out the possibility that those two concussions could set them back for a few years.
The next player on the decline is Adam McQuaid. It's tough to be a defenseman in the Bruins organization. There is so much defensive depth that it can be hard to secure a spot on the roster. McQuaid is dealing with that situation right now. McQuaid is a fan favorite in Boston for one reason: their grit. He's not a goon, because they can play defense. However, so can many of the Bruins young-guns in Providence.
The Bruins management has always done a good job at integrating rookies into the system, and now is the time that management starts feeding rookie defenders the minutes the veteran defenders previously had. In addition to that, McQuaid is a liability. Although McQuaid is a team-first type of player, you can't necessarily depend on him. McQuaid has suffered many injuries in their career, and those injuries have set them back a long way. At this point, McQuaid is essentially trade-bait.
2014-2015 Season Expectations:
The Boston Bruins will enter this upcoming season with the disappointing Game 7 loss to their rivals, the Montreal Canadiens, still fresh in their minds. It's a loss that the team will not be able to cope with until they get their vengeance. A piece of that vengeance is definitely dominating the Canadiens every time the two meet up, however the picture is much more painted than that. The Bruins were embarrassed to be knocked out in the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. They had a team that, had they conquered the Canadiens, would likely be Stanley Cup champions.
The goal to be Cup champions will carry on into this season followed by an extreme desire to demolish any team that stands in their way. The Bruins roster will look a little different next season, however it's still likely that the team will succeed. Most of the players filling voids are familiar with the organization and what the expectations are. The Bruins Stanley Cup window is not closed.
Up next in Puck Drop Preview: The Buffalo Sabres.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – >@FlyingOrr.
Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and@LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page.
For the latest in sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for? GO!
Interested in writing for us? Find out more by visiting our “Write for Us” page.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
There's exactly one month left until the November election, and that means it's time for predictions. As usual in a presidential cycle, there are three categories this year:
Winner and total electoral votes for president.
Winner and total electoral votes for president. Composition of the House. Current composition is 190 D, 240 R (5 vacancies).
Composition of the Senate. Current composition is 53 D/I, 47 R.
This year, instead of giving my own projections, I decided to provide an official line as forecast by Sam Wang, this blog's semi-official election forecaster (and winner of the 2008 election pool). Here it is:
President: Obama 332, Romney 206
House: 217 D, 218 R.
Senate: 54 D/I, 46 R.
The links take you to Sam's posts, which include error bars and other details. Can you do better than Sam? Their presidential forecast sure seems optimistic to me. I'm thinking Obama wins something in the neighborhood of 300-310 electoral votes. In any case, put your guess in comments. The winner gets a one-year subscription to Mother Jones and the adulation of your peers.
Story highlights The 16-year-old Taiwanese exchange student was visiting the park with their host family
They were standing less than 6 feet from the bison when it struck, park service says
(CNN) A 16-year-old Taiwanese girl has been gored by a bison while posing for a photo in Yellowstone National Park.
The girl sustained serious but not life-threatening injuries from the attack on Friday afternoon, the National Park Service said in a statement over the weekend.
The 16-year-old exchange student, whose name wasn't provided by the park service, was visiting Yellowstone with their host family.
As they were hiking near the geyser Old Faithful, they stopped where a group of people had gathered to watch a bison grazing next to the trail.
"The girl turned them back to the bison to have their picture taken when the bison lifted its head, took a couple steps and gored her," the park service said.
Read More
MoonSoleil on flickr How about real austerity? Real growth?
Today, we introduce a new twist on these Daily Reckoning remarks… The new approach is that we are going to write less. Yes…we promise! Long term Daily Reckoning sufferers have heard this before. But this time, we really mean it. Honest injun.
And to prove we are serious, we're keeping today's comments to just two pages…And only one subject. An old one.
We live in a world of frauds and counterfeits…bunkum and claptrap…
That's what makes it so much fun! It brings tears to our eyes one day…and seizures of laughter the next. So many imposters…so little time.
As you know, neither Europe's austerity policies nor America's growth policies have worked. Why? Because they are both phony.
In Europe, governments collectively spent 44.8% of GDP in 2000. Today it is 49.2%. A big increase. That's not austerity…that's stimulus. The Europeans are letting out their belts, not cinching them up.
And now that the phony austerity is not working, a new batch of leaders wants to try something new — phony growth. Francois Hollande, France's new president, says they will hire more government workers and spend more money to promote "growth." They also say he'll raise taxes on the rich to 75% of marginal income (up from 41% now) and increase the "wealth tax." How they think you get real growth out of this foul mixture is a mystery. The government already directs and consumes half the nation's output…and the economy is flat. How will it do better with more money? Instead, the French will be wasting resources…squeezing the most productive part of the economy…and getting poorer.
Meanwhile, the US has stuck to its phony growth policies. The feds run huge deficits to 'stimulate' the economy.
(Reuters) — The government posted a budget deficit of $125 billion in May, more than twice the level registered in the same month last year.
The May deficit, which was close to analyst forecasts, followed a rare month of surplus in April that was due to higher budget receipts during tax season but also other temporary factors.
So far this fiscal year, the budget deficit stands at $844.5 billion, narrower than at the same time a year ago.
Under the government's accounting system, October is the opening month of fiscal 2012. During fiscal 2011 which ended September 30, the budget deficit totaled $1.296 trillion.
We saw yesterday where all that money has gotten us. Nowhere. Family wealth has dropped back to levels of 20 years ago.
But wait…maybe it's not the feds' fault. While the Europeans pretend to cut back, maybe America's stimulus program is a fraud too. That's what a pair of professors at Yale claim. This 'recovery' is different from previous recoveries, they believe, because the US is following a "hidden austerity program:"
…there is something historically different about this recession and its aftermath: in the past, local government employment has been almost recession-proof. This time it's not. Going back as long as the data have been collected (1955), with the one exception of the 1981 recession, local government employment continued to grow almost every month regardless of what the economy threw at it. But since the latest recession began, local government employment has fallen by 3 percent, and is still falling. In the equivalent period following the 1990 and 2001 recessions, local government employment grew 7.7 and 5.2 percent. Even following the 1981 recession, by this stage local government employment was up by 1.4 percent.
Without this hidden austerity program, the economy would look very different. If state and local governments had followed the pattern of the previous two recessions, they would have added 1.4 million to 1.9 million jobs and overall unemployment would be 7.0 to 7.3 percent instead of 8.2 percent.
So, dear reader, pick your poison. Phony growth? Or phony austerity? Neither works. What does work? What would turn this economy around…and put it back on the road to real growth? We'll tell you next week. We're out of space for today.
Regards,
Bill Bonner, for The Daily Reckoning
Committed to Phony Growth originally appeared in the Daily Reckoning. The Daily Reckoning, published by Agora Financial provides over 400,000 global readers economic news, market analysis, and contrarian investment ideas. Recently Agora Financial released a video titled "What Causes Gas Price to Increase?".
Read more posts on The Daily Reckoning »
This article is over 5 years old
Federal police in Sydney have conducted raids at the Seven Network's office in Pyrmont and the headquarters of New Idea magazine in Eveleigh.
More than 20 federal police officers entered the offices at 8.55am on Tuesday as part of an investigation into proceeds of crime derived by Schapelle Corby.
“The federal police … barged in wanting to look at the payment registers, which is completely outrageous,'' the Seven West commercial director, Bruce McWilliam, told The Australian newspaper.
“It's a big attack on the press. It's terrible what's happening.
“It's a gross overreaction. The government has called to say they did not know this was happening.”
Seven's Sunday Night program is believed to have secured an interview with the high-profile Australian former prisoner, who was released from Bali's Kerobokan prison last week after serving nine years for smuggling marijuana.
Seven West's New Idea magazine is also thought to be involved in the deal. McWilliam said the office of New Idea editor, Kim Wilson, was searched by police.
The fee for the Corby interview has been reported to be as high as $3m, but this figure has been disputed by the Corby family and Seven West.
“[The fee] probably falls far short of what someone in the federal police imagines it should say. It's a very small figure,” McWilliam said.
They also revealed that the network had been served with a (proceeds) of crime production order relating to the deal which, they said, had been fully co-operated with.
“Full compliance has occurred. Documents were handed over immediately,'' McWilliam said.
“You've got some heavy-handed goon who thinks they can just come storming in and terrorise people who are trying to carry on their duties.
“We've given them everything we have. We don't think it was what they were expecting to see, so they think we're not co-operating with the order.”
They suggested that police might remain at Seven Wests office for up to 24 hours.
Federal police confirmed the raid. “The AFP can confirm it has executed a number of search warrants in Sydney in relation to an ongoing Proceeds of Crime Act matter,” a spokesperson said.
“As this matter is ongoing, it is not appropriate for the AFP to comment any further.”
Since 2003 federal authorities have had the power to confiscate literary funds derived from criminal activities.
Queensland's attorney general, Jarrod Bleijie, conceded on Friday that the Queensland state government would be powerless to confiscate any money Corby earned from selling them story.
“Following legal advice, the state is not in a position to pursue the matter further but we would provide any support to the federal government if it was able and chose to do so,” Bleijie said.
Indonesian authorities have warned Corby it would be “stupid” to speak to the media, suggesting any interviews could see their parole revoked.
ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan army on Saturday said a top Al Qaeda leader Adnan el Shukrijuma was killed early morning in the Sheen Warsak region of South Waziristan Agency.
A statement issued by the Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said Shukrijuma had moved in this area to hide in a compound from North Waziristan Agency due to the ongoing Zarb-i-Azb operation.
"His accomplice and local facilitator were also killed in the raid," the statement added. Shukrijuma is the most senior Al Qaeda member ever killed by the Pakistani military.
The statement says Adnan el Shukrijuma was a member of the core Al Qaeda leadership and was in charge of all external operations of Al Qaeda. During the raid, a soldier was also killed and another injured.
The Pakistan Army had launched Operation Zarb-i-Azb in June against foreign and local terrorists who were hiding in sanctuaries in North Waziristan.
The comprehensive operation was launched a week after militants made a brazen insurgent attack on the country's busiest airport in Karachi.
Adnan el Shukrijuma
According to a Reuters report from 2010, 39-year-old Shukrijuma was among the five men charged with plotting to bomb New York City's subway system and attack an unidentified target in Britain under orders from Al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.
Adnan El Shukrijumah, Adis Medunjanin, Abid Naseer, Tariq Ur Rehman, and a fifth man known as "Ahmad," were charged in July 2010 with 10 counts, including conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and to commit murder in a foreign country.
The indictment said Shukrijumah, who is accused of being an Al Qaeda operations leader, and Ahmad "recruited and directed ... Adis Medunjanin, Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay to conduct a terrorist attack in the United States."
The New York plot was linked to the British plot by Ahmad, prosecutors said. Ahmad, an accused Al Qaeda facilitator in Peshawar, communicated with Zazi about the New York plot and with Naseer about a British plot, they said.
The FBI has long said that Saudi Arabian native Shukrijumah, who has a Guyanese passport, was a threat to the United States and there is a $5 million reward for their capture.
Shukrijumah has also been linked by US authorities to other terrorism suspects, including a group of men accused of planning to bomb fuel pipelines at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.
A report in the Washington Post from 2003 quotes a senior law enforcement official describing them as a possible terrorism organiser in the style of Mohamed Atta, the suspected ringleader of the Sept 11, 2001, attacks. But authorities said they have no details on what kind of plot they might be involved in.
The report also said El Shukrijumah may have traveled on passports from Guyana, Trinidad, Canada or Saudi Arabia, the FBI said. They last entered the United States before the terrorist attacks in New York and on the Pentagon and left later that year, a law enforcement official said.
The El Shukrijumah family moved to Miramar, a suburb north of Miami, in 1995, according to Neville and Una Khan, who live in the same neighborhood and have known the family since the 1960s.
The Khans said that El Shukrijumah's father is a prominent Muslim leader in this suburb north of Miami and is the head of a prayer center, Masjid al Hijrah, next door to the family home.
Una Khan described Adnan El Shukrijumah as a devout student of the Holy Quran who worked with children at the prayer center. They tended to be modern in their thinking, they said. "He never indicated in any way that they were extremist. This is such a shock; this is something I don't understand. I can't believe it."
The Khans in 2003 said they have not seen El Shukrijumah for several years. They believe they are doing Islamic missionary work, though they don't know where. They were also earning money by selling Islamic books, they said.
Security man killed, 7 injured in gunbattle in Wana
A security man was killed and seven others were injured Saturday in a clash with militants near the town of Wana in South Waziristan.
Official sources said that after receiving reports about the presence of militants in Amaz Warsak and Sheen Warsak areas, forces launched an operation.
During the operation, security forces came under fire. Subsequently, one security man was killed and seven others were injured in the gunbattle.
There were also reports of militant casualties but the exact number could not be ascertained.
The information, however, could not be independently verified as journalists have limited access to the tribal agency.
South Waziristan is among Pakistan's seven tribal districts near the Afghan border which are rife with insurgents and are alleged to be strongholds of Taliban and Al Qaeda operatives, among others.
The tribal region was once the main stronghold for the Pakistani Taliban. The military launched a large offensive against militants there in 2009 but insurgents still operate in the area and periodically stage attacks.
The war in Libya is over. More precisely, governments and media have decided that the war is over, despite the fact that fighting continues. The unfulfilled expectation of this war has consistently been that Moammar Gadhafi would capitulate when faced with the forces arrayed against him, and that their own forces would abandon them as soon as they saw that the war was lost. What was being celebrated last week, with presidents, prime ministers and the media proclaiming the defeat of Gadhafi, will likely be true in due course. The fact that it is not yet true does not detract from the self-congratulations.
For example, Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini reported that only 5 percent of Libya is still under Gadhafi's control. That seems like a trivial amount, save for this news from Italian newspaper La Stampa, which reported that "Tripoli is being cleaned up" neighborhood by neighborhood, street by street and home by home. Meanwhile, bombs from above are pounding Sirte, where, according to the French, Gadhafi has managed to arrive, although it is not known how. The strategically important town of Bali Walid - another possible hiding place and one of only two remaining exit routes to another Gadhafi stronghold in Sabha - is being encircled.
To put it differently, Gadhafi's forces still retain military control of substantial areas. There is house-to-house fighting going on in Tripoli. There are multiple strongholds with sufficient defensive strength that forces cannot enter them without significant military preparation. Although Gadhafi's actual location is unknown, their capture is the object of substantial military preparations, including NATO airstrikes, around Bali Walid, Sirte and Sabha. When Saddam Hussein was captured, they were hiding in a hole in the ground, alone and without an army. Gadhafi is still fighting and posing challenges. The war is not over.
It could be argued that while Gadhafi retains a coherent military force and significant territory, they no longer governs Libya. That is certainly true and significant, but it will become more significant when their enemies do take control of the levers of power. It is unreasonable to expect that they should be in a position to do so a few days after entering Tripoli and while fighting continues. But it does raise a critical question: whether the rebels have sufficient coherence to form an effective government or whether new rounds of fighting among Libyans can be expected even after Gadhafi's forces cease functioning. To put it simply, Gadhafi appears to be on their way to defeat but they are not there yet, and the ability of their enemies to govern Libya is doubtful.
Immaculate Intervention
Given that the dying is far from over, it is interesting to consider why Barack Obama, Nicolas Sarkozy and David Cameron, the major players in this war, all declared last week that Gadhafi had fallen, implying an end to war, and why the media proclaimed the war's end. To understand this, it is important to understand how surprising the course of the war was to these leaders. From the beginning, there was an expectation that NATO intervention, first with a no-fly zone, then with direct airstrikes on Gadhafi's position, would lead to a rapid collapse of their government and its replacement with a democratic coalition in the east.
Two forces combined to lead to this conclusion. The first consisted of human-rights groups outside governments and factions in foreign ministries and the State Department who felt an intervention was necessary to stop the pending slaughter in Benghazi. This faction had a serious problem. The most effective way to quickly end a brutal regime was military intervention. However, having condemned the American invasion of Iraq, which was designed, at least in part, to get rid of a brutal regime, this faction found it difficult to justify rapid military intervention on the ground in Libya. Moral arguments require a degree of consistency.
In Europe, the doctrine of "soft power" has become a central doctrine. In the case of Libya, finding a path to soft power was difficult. Sanctions and lectures would probably not stop Gadhafi, but military action ran counter to soft power. What emerged was a doctrine of soft military power. Instituting a no-fly zone was a way to engage in military action without actually hurting anyone, except those Libyan pilots who took off. It satisfied the need to distinguish Libya from Iraq by not invading and occupying Libya but still putting crushing pressure on Gadhafi.
Of course, a no-fly zone proved ineffective and irrelevant, and the French began bombing Gadhafi's forces the same day. Libyans on the ground were dying, but not British, French or American soldiers. While the no-fly zone was officially announced, this segue to an air campaign sort of emerged over time without a clear decision point. For human-rights activists, this kept them from addressing the concern that airstrikes always cause unintended deaths because they are never as accurate as one might like. For the governments, it allowed them to be seen as embarking upon what I have called an "immaculate intervention."
The second force that liked this strategy was the various air forces involved. There is no question of the importance of air power in modern war, but there is a constant argument over whether the application of air power by itself can achieve desired political ends without the commitment of ground forces. For the air community, Libya was going to be the place where it could demonstrate its effectiveness in achieving such ends.
So the human-rights advocates could focus on the ends - protecting Libyan civilians in Benghazi - and pretend that they had not just advocated the commencement of a war that would itself leave many people dead. Political leaders could feel that they were not getting into a quagmire but simply undertaking a clean intervention. The air forces could demonstrate their utility in delivering desired political outcomes.
Why and How
The question of the underlying reason for the war should be addressed because stories are circulating that oil companies are competing for vast sums of money in Libya. These stories are all reasonable, in the sense that the real story remains difficult to fathom, and I sympathize with those who are trying to find a deep conspiracy to explain all of this. I would like to find one, too. The problem is that going to war for oil in Libya was unnecessary. Gadhafi loved selling oil, and if the governments involved told them quietly that they were going to blow them up if they didn't make different arrangements on who got the oil revenues and what royalties they got to keep, Gadhafi would have made those arrangements. They were as cynical as they come, and they understood the subtle idea that shifting oil partners and giving up a lot of revenue was better than being blown up.
Indeed, there is no theory out there that explains this war by way of oil, simply because it was not necessary to actually go war to get whatever concessions were wanted. So the story - protecting people in Benghazi from slaughter - is the only rational explanation for what followed, however hard it is to believe.
It must also be understood that given the nature of modern air warfare, NATO forces in small numbers had to be inserted on the ground from the beginning - actually, at least a few days before the beginning of the air campaign. Accurately identifying targets and taking them out with sufficient precision involves highly skilled special-operations teams guiding munitions to those targets. The fact that there have been relatively few friendly-fire accidents indicates that standard operational procedures have been in place.
These teams were probably joined by other special operators who trained - and in most cases informally led - indigenous forces in battle. There were ample reports in the early days of the war that special operations teams were on the ground conducting weapons training and organizing the fighters who opposed Gadhafi.
But there proved to be two problems with this approach. First, Gadhafi did not fold their tent and capitulate. They seemed singularly unimpressed by the force they were facing. Second, their troops turned out to be highly motivated and capable, at least compared to their opponents. Proof of this can be found in the fact that they did not surrender en masse, they did maintain a sufficient degree of unit coherence and - the final proof - they held out for six months and are still holding out. The view of human-rights groups that an isolated tyrant would break in the face of the international community, the view of political leaders that an isolated tyrant facing the might of NATO's air forces would collapse in days, and the view of the air forces that air strikes would shatter resistance, all turned out to be false.
A War Prolonged
Part of this was due to a misunderstanding of the nature of Libyan politics. Gadhafi was a tyrant, but they were not completely isolated. They had enemies but they also had many supporters who benefitted from them or at least believed in their doctrines. There was also a general belief among ordinary government soldiers (some of whom are mercenaries from the south) that capitulation would lead to their slaughter, and the belief among government leaders that surrender meant trials in The Hague and terms in prison. The belief of the human-rights community in an International Criminal Court (ICC) trying Gadhafi and the men around them gives them no room for retreat, and men without room for retreat fight hard and to the end. There was no way to negotiate capitulation unless the U.N. Security Council itself publicly approved the deal. The winks and nods that got dictators to leave in the old days aren't enough anymore. All countries that are party to the Rome Statute are required to turn a leader like Gadhafi over to the ICC for trial.
Therefore, unless the U.N. Security Council publicly strikes a deal with Gadhafi, which would be opposed by the human-rights community and would become ugly, Gadhafi will not give up - and neither will their troops. There were reports last week that some government soldiers had been executed. True or not, fair or not, that would not be a great motivator for surrender.
The war began with the public mission of protecting the people of Benghazi. This quickly morphed into a war to unseat Gadhafi. The problem was that between the ideological and the military aims, the forces dedicated to the war were insufficient to execute the mission. We do not know how many people were killed in the fighting in the past six months, but pursuing the war using soft military power in this way certainly prolonged the war and likely caused many deaths, both military and civilian.
After six months, NATO got tired, and we wound up with the assault on Tripoli. The assault appears to have consisted of three parts. The first was the insertion of NATO special operations troops (in the low hundreds, not thousands) who, guided by intelligence operatives in Tripoli, attacked and destabilized the government forces in the city. The second part was an information operation in which NATO made it appear that the battle was over. The bizarre incident in which Gadhafi's son, Saif al Islam, announced as being captured only to show up in an SUV looking very un-captured, was part of this game. NATO wanted it to appear that the leadership had been reduced and Gadhafi's forces broken to convince those same forces to capitulate. Saif al Islam's appearance was designed to signal their troops that the war was still on.
Following the special operations strikes and the information operations, western rebels entered the city to great fanfare, including celebratory gunfire into the air. The world's media chronicled the end of the war as the special operations teams melted away and the victorious rebels took the bows. It had taken six months, but it was over.
And then it became obvious that it wasn't over. Five percent of Libya - an interesting calculation - was not liberated. Street fighting in Tripoli continued. Areas of the country were still under Gadhafi's control. And Gadhafi themselves was not where their enemies wanted them to be. The war went on.
A number of lessons emerge from all this. First, it is important to remember that Libya in itself may not be important to the world, but it matters to Libyans a great deal. Second, do not assume that tyrants lack support. Gadhafi didn't govern Libya for 42 years without support. Third, do not assume that the amount of force you are prepared to provide is the amount of force needed. Fourth, eliminating the option of a negotiated end to the war by the means of international courts may be morally satisfying, but it causes wars to go on and casualties to mount. It is important to decide what is more important - to alleviate the suffering of people or to punish the guilty. Sometimes it is one or the other. Fifth, and most important, do not kid the world about wars being over. After George W. Bush flew onto an aircraft carrier that was emblazoned with a "mission accomplished" banner, the Iraq war became even more violent, and the damage to them was massive. Information operations may be useful in persuading opposing troops to surrender, but political credibility bleeds away when the war is declared over and the fighting goes on.
Gadhafi will likely fall in the end. NATO is more powerful then they are, and enough force will be bought to bear to bring them down. The question, of course, is whether there was another way to accomplish that with less cost and more yield. Leaving aside the war-for-oil theory, if the goal was to protect Benghazi and bring down Gadhafi, greater force or a negotiated exit with guarantees against trials in The Hague would likely have worked faster with less loss of life than the application of soft military power.
Legislators on Wednesday raised concerns that a new Adoption of Children Law may allow gay people to adopt children in the Cayman Islands.
During debate on the adoption bill, some members of the Legislative Assembly were concerned the law provides for the Grand Court to give permission under “special circumstances” for homosexuals to adopt a child of the same sex.
West Bay legislator McKeeva Bush addressed the prospect of a homosexual person adopting a child as a single parent who later begins a relationship and cohabits with or marries a same-sex partner, saying they would never support same-sex marriages, even though the United Kingdom now did. However, they said this one potential scenario should not hold up the passage of the bill, which they supported.
“We ought to have means to make changes in the best interests of the child and to keep within the norm of our laws and our constitution … We do know that the United Kingdom has changed some laws in regard to same-sex marriages, so we can't think that there have not been thought processes [in Cayman] in that regard,” Mr. Bush said.
Mr. Bush said they would never agree to any laws in the Cayman Islands being changed to allow same-sex marriages.
Minister of Community Affairs, Gender and Housing Dwayne Seymour responded by saying that the Cayman Islands Human Rights Commission had stated that Cayman was not in violation of Europe Union human rights by not recognising same-sex marriages or allowing gay couples to adopt.
The amended law states that a homosexual person cannot adopt a child of the same sex, unless the Grand Court is satisfied there are “special circumstances which justify making such an [adoption] order”.
Mr. Seymour described a scenario in which a single woman adopts a child in Cayman and later weds another woman in Las Vegas before the couple returns to Cayman as a married couple. “This is one of the concerns,” they said.
They pointed out that the Cayman Islands Constitution specifies that marriage is a union between two people of the opposite sex and gives heterosexual couples the right to found a family together. “The constitution … protects the sanctity of marriage between a man and a woman,” they said.
Mr. Seymour referred to responses from the Cayman Islands' Human Rights Commission on the United Nations' position on same-sex marriage, saying the European Convention on Human Rights protects the right of a family life “which, generally speaking, is similar to the right to found a family under Section 14(i) of our constitution”.
They added: “However, I am advised that the European Court of Human Rights has not yet considered whether same-sex relationships constitute family life nor has it considered whether same-sex couples should have a right to adopt children. Public events in Europe at present seem to support this observation.
“For this reason, there is a margin of appreciation applied by member countries of the EU as to what constitutes marriage. The Cayman Islands have taken advantage of this margin of appreciation of the defining marriage in heterosexual terms. Accordingly, the current draft Adoption Bill in restricting the right to adopt to married couples is not in violation of any clearly established principal enunciated by the European human rights system.”
The amended adoption law will make it more difficult for parents to adopt from overseas, requiring permission from the Adoption Board and visits to the homes of prospective parents by social welfare officers.
The Grand Court will also decide if a single woman is allowed to adopt a male child or if a single male is allowed to adopt a female child. An earlier iteration of the bill included a clause by which the Grand Court could determine if a person “known or reasonably suspected to have sexual attraction to children” could adopt, but Mr. Seymour said that part of the bill would be replaced with a provision prohibiting paedophiles from adopting.
East End independent legislator Arden McLean described the existing Adoption Law as “antiquated” legislation that makes the adoption process a long, drawn out one and highlighted a case in which a teen had waited a decade to be adopted and was almost ready to graduate from high school before the adoption was finalised.
Mr. Seymour said that the implementation of the new adoption law would streamline the process, as would the recruitment of three new social workers to the Department of Children and Family Services to handle casework and the re-assignment of caseworkers with track records in producing high-quality reports in a timely manner for adoptions.
Mr. McLean also urged young people to act responsibly. The amended law allows for parents under the age of 18 to give up their children for adoption with the consent of their own parents.
“I trust that no one, no young ladies, teenagers, in this country use that as a licence to have kids,” Mr. McLean said. “I hope not. I hope if they get caught up in that, that they recognise that they have a responsibility and they have live up to that and it's not a licence to be reckless, carefree, and then someone will adopt the child. These are serious responsibilities and we must all try to ensure our young ones, boys and girls, understand their responsibilities.
They said they were bothered by the number of young men in the Cayman Islands who do not support their children.
Mr. Seymour took over the Ministry of Community Affairs, Gender and Housing in December – when the minority government was installed following a vote of no confidence in the United Democratic Party government – from their predecessor Mike Adam, who tabled the bill in the Legislative Assembly late last year.
Mr. Adam said the bill was consistent the Children's Law 2003 and helped provide further protection for the rights of children and they thanked the current minister and civil servants for finally bringing long-awaited amendments to the bill.
The second reading of the bill, which precedes the committee stage and third and final reading of the bill, passed unanimously.
The Legislative Assembly was holding its first sitting of its last meeting before being dissolved on 26 March. Other bills that are being considered during this sitting are: Cayman National Cultural Foundation bill, an amendment to the Marine Conservation Law to provide better protection for stingrays, the Health Practice (Amendment bill), the Mental Health Commission bill, the Mental Health Bill, the Monetary Authority (Amendment) Bill, the Human Tissue Transplant Bill, the Development and Planning (Amendment) Bill and the Notaries Public Bill.
Rachel Miller, due to have their second child in late September, agreed with their husband that this would be their last pregnancy and decided they would be sterilized by tubal ligation after giving birth. But their hospital in Redding, owned by Dignity Health in San Francisco, refused to allow their doctor to perform the procedure, saying tubal ligation violates the ethical principles of Catholic health care facilities.
Now Miller's case could become the springboard for a legal attack on barriers to reproductive procedures — other than abortions — at Catholic hospitals in California, whose numbers are steadily increasing.
“Hospitals that are open to the general public and that receive state money shouldn't be able to use religion to discriminate or to deny important health care,” said Elizabeth Gill, an American Civil Liberties Union attorney who represents Miller. They said the hospital receives state Medi-Cal funds as well as federal funding from both Medi-Cal and Medicare.
In an Aug. 17 letter to Mercy Medical Center in Redding, Gill said the ACLU would go to court unless the hospital reversed course and authorized the sterilization procedure. By denying “pregnancy-related care” to Miller, Gill wrote, the hospital is discriminating on the basis of sex, as defined by California law, and is also allowing “your corporate entity's religious beliefs” to override a doctor's medical decision, violating a state law against the corporate practice of medicine.
‘It is not our practice'
Replying to a reporter's inquiry, the hospital said Wednesday that it “provides many women's health services,” including childbirth and baby care. But it said that “in general, it is not our practice to provide sterilization services at Dignity Health's Catholic facilities,” in keeping with Catholic hospitals' Ethical and Religious Directives.
The hospital added, however, that Catholic hospitals may perform tubal ligations “on a case-by-case basis where a formal review by a committee of physicians and others permit the procedure.” And on Friday, Gill said the ACLU had learned that the hospital had contacted Miller's physician and told them it was reconsidering its denial of the sterilization. A final decision is due Monday.
Shocked at rejection
Miller said earlier in the week that they had repeatedly called Mercy Medical Center, seeking an explanation after their doctor showed them the rejection letter they had received from the hospital in April. The hospital never responded.
“I was shocked to learn from my doctor that the hospital was telling me no and that the only basis for that was a religious doctrine,” Miller, a 32-year-old lawyer, said. “I have no problem with people practicing their religion. But because there are so many Catholic hospitals, especially in the north state where I live, it leaves women with very little choice.”
Miller had their first child by cesarean section at Mercy Medical Center 2½ years ago and plans the same procedure this time. They said the closest alternative hospital that could perform the delivery and the sterilization procedure, and accepts their insurance, is at UC Davis, more than 160 miles away. The distance from home would mean that they would be away from their first child for three to five days during their hospitalization, they said.
Tubal ligation, also known as “tying the tubes,” is a common surgical method for women to prevent future pregnancies. It is used by about 600,000 women in the United States each year, according to the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Miller's case, if it goes to court, has a potentially broad impact because of the growth of Catholic hospitals. Dignity Health, the nation's fifth-largest private health care system, owns 29 hospitals in California. More than half are affiliated with the Catholic Church, including St. Mary's Medical Center in San Francisco.
More Catholic hospitals
A study released by the ACLU in 2011 found that Catholic-affiliated hospitals had increased by 16 percent nationwide over the previous decade, while the overall number of hospitals had declined. A 2012 survey by the National Health Law Program found that nearly 15 percent of all U.S. hospital beds were in Catholic institutions.
The hospitals' Ethical and Religious Directives prohibit abortion, contraception, sterilization for both men and women — which the directives describe as “intrinsically evil” — and reproductive-assistance technology such as in vitro fertilization. The bans apply both to patients who rely on Dignity staff doctors and to those like Miller who bring in their own physicians.
Those exclusions may conflict with state and federal laws governing health care and civil rights. But religious exemptions have been gaining ground in federal courts, most notably in the U.S. Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby ruling last year, which allowed owners of the nationwide craft-store chain to deny contraceptive coverage to female employees for religious reasons.
In a recent Catholic hospital case, the ACLU sued on behalf of a Michigan woman whose water broke midway through their pregnancy, a sign of premature labor and a possible stillbirth. Rather than telling them there was little chance the fetus could survive and that abortion was an option, they said, the hospital sent their home without treatment, relying on the church's antiabortion directives, while they were in extreme pain, providing care only when they later miscarried. A federal judge dismissed the suit in June, saying they were unwilling to “intrude upon ecclesiastical matters.” The ACLU has appealed.
But the outcome could be different in California.
In the case of a landlady who refused to rent to an unmarried couple for religious reasons, the state Supreme Court ruled in 1996 that private businesses must comply with antidiscrimination laws, despite religious objections. And in 2004, the court said church-affiliated employers, like Catholic Charities and Catholic hospitals, were bound by a state law that entitles women to birth-control coverage in their workplace medical plans.
Procedure's timing
California law allows Catholic hospitals to refuse to perform abortions but does not exempt them from providing other reproductive care, including sterilizations. Although sterilization is normally voluntary, major medical organizations say a tubal ligation immediately after a woman's last intended pregnancy is such a safe and quick procedure, and so effective in preventing unwanted future pregnancies, that it should be considered “urgent” medical care.
“The immediate (post-childbirth) period ... is the ideal time to perform sterilization because of technical ease and convenience for the woman and physician,” said the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists in a 2012 report. “Obstetrician-gynecologists need to identify themselves as champions or patient advocates for post-partum sterilization in their respective hospitals.”
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko
Migrants crossing the Balkans will begin freezing to death as winter approaches, the head of European Union has said, as leaders warned the continent was "falling apart" trying to deal with the biggest refugee crisis since the Second World War.
As leaders of eastern European countries turned on each other at a foul-tempered emergency summit in Brussels, they said the Schengen visa-free zone and even the European Union itself could be pulled apart as states threw up borders to halt the influx.
'Every day counts, otherwise we will soon see families in cold rivers in the Balkans perish miserably'
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said a solution was urgently needed or thousands of refugee families facing winter temperature on the hillsides and freezing river-banks of Eastern Europe, would die.
"Every day counts," they said. "Otherwise we will soon see families in cold rivers in the Balkans perish miserably."
Miro Cerar, the Slovenian prime minister, said the EU was days from collapse as their country buckled under an “unbearable” influx of migrants.
"If we do not deliver some immediate and concrete actions on the ground in the next few days and weeks I believe the EU and Europe as a whole will start falling apart," they said.
Werner Faymann, the Austrian chancellor, said Sunday's meeting would "either consolidate the unity of Europe or watch the slow decomposition of the EU."
Photo: AFP
In the worst refugee crisis since the second world war, more than 670,000 people have crossed into Europe this year. Some 56,000 people landed on Greek islands in just six days last week, a record influx as those fleeing Syria race to avoid spending another winter in the refugee camps along the country's border.
But poorly dressed and under-fed, there are mounting fears they will fall victim to rougher seas and the Balkan winter that can reach minus 15C as they attempt to reach Germany and Sweden.
Alexis Tsipras, the prime minister of Greece, the first port of arrival for most migrants, said: “We are in front of a huge humanitarian crisis.
Aid agencies and human rights groups have also weighed in on the crisis. "As winter looms, the sight of thousands of refugees sleeping rough as they make their way through Europe represents a damning indictment of the EU's failure to offer a coordinated response to the refugee crisis," said John Dalhuisen of Amnesty International.
Medecins Sans Frontiers, the charity, warned of frostbite and said there was an urgent need for hot food, warm shelters and washing facilities at major transit points. The UN has announced plans to distribute thousands of raincoats, tarpaulins and socks to migrants exposed in south eastern Europe.
Johannes Hahn, the EU's ‘neighbourhood' Commissioner, said there were now 20 million refugees in Europe's backyard, and that regime's new Russian- and Iranian-backed assault on Aleppo, Syria's biggest city, would produce an “immediate impact” in the numbers reaching Europe.
The United Nations High Commission for refugees said last week the renewed fighting was creating a "dynamic of displacement". Initial statistics suggested that some of the almost eight million displaced people who had stayed inside the country were now also starting to leave.
Photo: AFP
The US and Saudi Arabia dramatically responded to Russian air-strikes in support of the Assad regime by agreeing to boost their own military and diplomatic support for the Syrian rebels, threatening an ever worsening downward spiral.
In the latest evidence of states' sluggish response to Mr Juncker's demands for action, the European Commission revealed last night that just eight out of 28 member states had volunteered emergency equipment and experts to address the crisis, a month after they were asked to come forward with offers.
• Merkel on fresh drive to tackle migrant crisis
Leaders gathered in Mr Juncker's office to discuss plans to dispatch 400 border guards and set up new checkpoints, in exchange for frontier states dropping their policy of giving arrivals rapid passage to the borders of their neighbours.
A draft statement circulated last night called for repatriations of failed asylum seekers to Afghanistan and Pakistan to be speeded up.
Photo: AFP
However, as they arrived the leaders lashed out at each other.
Mr Cerar, the Slovenian prime minister, attacked Croatia for dumping migrants on its border without warning. They said some 12,000 people a day were arriving in the tiny state of two million.
Viktor Orban, the Hungarian leader, demanded an end to Europe's “open border policy” which they blamed for the crisis.
Mr Tsipras criticised the lack of “responsibility” from other states, and said Turkey, the launching point for many trips to Europe, should have been invited.
"Till today, it was difficult to find a solution, because a series of countries adopt a stance 'Not in my backyard','” they said. They said Turkey should have been called to the talks. “The discussion will be among the countries of the corridors, but everyone knows at the end of the corridor there is an entrance,” they said.
Zoran Milanovic, the Croatian Prime Minister, attacked Mr Tsipras. "Why doesn't Greece control its maritime half with Turkey?” they said.
Meanwhile, the bodies continued to wash up on the beaches of the Mediterranean.
A woman and two children drowned when an inflatable dinghy carrying 63 migrants hit rocks off the Greek island of Lesbos, Greek authorities said. Another seven people were missing.
Another 43 bodies of drowned migrants and refugees were recovered off the coasts of Libya yesterday as rough seas plagued smugglers' boats in the Mediterranean.
Aleksandar Vucic, the Serbian prime minister, said they were prepared for “hard, not very pleasant” talks, adding: "What are we going to do with hundreds of thousands of these people?"
With Mr Juncker warning that the Schengen agreement was at risk from unilateral border closures, Bulgaria, Romania and Serbia warned they would not accept being turned into a "buffer zone" for the influx of migrants.
"If Germany and Austria and other countries close their borders, we will be ready to also close our borders at that very same moment," said Boyko Borisov, the Bulgarian Prime Minister.
Austria's interior minister, Johanna Mikl-Leitner, attacked neighbouring Germany.
"Germany is currently accepting simply too few refugees", they told the Kronen Zeitung, which reported that 6,500 refugees were arriving a day. "We have reached the limit.”
They said if the influx into Greece was not halted, a Slovenian plan to build a fence along the border with Croatia “is to be expected”.
But in Germany, there were reports of alarm among state security officials that Angela Merkel's refugee policy was too generous.  They are facing a backlash for offering asylum to all Syrians who arrive.
According to Welt am Sonntag, an unsigned discussion paper circulated among security official warns: “We are importing Islamic extremism, Arabic anti-semitism, the national and ethnic conflicts of other nations and other concepts of rights and society.”
It warns of an extremist backlash among the “mainstream middle class”. “We will see many people turning away from this constitutional state.”
Hello everyone!
Today we are going to highlight all the amazing work done by our team and especially you guys, our users, for both Flashpoint Campaigns: Red Storm and Flashpoint Campaigns: Germany Reforged!
We created a list to help you find what could be interesting for you and we called it, guess what, Community Content!
You can find the Table of Content HERE! While the complete list of contents can be found HERE!
Just to give you an idea, these are just a bunch of things you will be able to find:
- Blue and Red Destroyed Unit Markers
- Campaign - The Black Rats
- Scenario - A Deadly Meeting v2
- New Maps - Gelnhausen to Schluctern 1962
- Planning Maps - L5914 Weisbaden
- Alternate Maps - OSchmidt Hexdraw Templates
The first DARIN III prototypes didn't fly until 2012 and reportedly “could not meet expectations,” according to India Today . At that time, HAL wasn't expected to complete the improvements on an estimated 50 to 60 of India's approximately 120 Jaguars until 2019. The Indian Air Force said the first two-seat Jaguar IB trainers with the DARIN III modifications had reached initial operational capability in November 2016.
The Indian radar installation also shows important progress on the broader and long-running Display Attack Ranging Inertial Navigation III (DARIN III) upgrade program for the Jaguars, which began in 2009. The Indian Air Force had launched the first DARIN modernization project in the 1990s followed by a second round of upgrades in the early 2000s.
Adding an AESA radar to the Jaguars makes good sense and would give pilots the ability to detect more targets at greater ranges and with better fidelity, as well as being better able to resist jamming. Many air forces, including the U.S. Air Force see the new units as a relatively simple way to squeeze more capability of older jets in general . Perhaps the biggest limiting factor is finding a radar that will fit within the pre-existing radar space on any particular aircraft, but some modern AESA designs, like the ELM-2052, are modular in nature and get substantial capability out of a small radar aperture size. Elta boasts that it can size the ELM-2052's antenna to fit where ever it needs to go, including in the tight confines of the Jaguar's nose radome.
No other Indian multi-role jets, including the country's Russian-made Mig-29K Fulcrum and license-built Su-30MKI Flanker fighter jets, as well as the Tejas Mk 1 prototypes, have a fast-scanning AESA in the nose. According to Elta , the ELM-2052 has air-to-air, air-to-ground, and air-to-sea modes, which can track multiple targets at once and provide moving target indication and mapping functionality.
HAL said the new radar alone could give the nearly 40-year old Jaguars, which it built under license from the Anglo-French consortium SEPECAT, at least another decade of service at life. “An Indian fighter flying with an AESA radar is in itself a landmark,” Raju told The Hindu.
T. Suvarna Raju, chairperson of the state-owned Hindustan Aeronautics, Limited (HAL), made the announcement on Aug. 11, 2017, according to a report by The Hindu . HAL would not say what radar it used, but it is reportedly the Israeli Elta ELM-2052 , which that company reportedly agreed to supply in 2015 for both the Jaguar and Indian-designed Tejas fighter jet.
India says it has successfully test flown a modified Jaguar multi-role aircraft with a foreign-made active electronically-scanned array (AESA) type radar. Depending on how extensive this upgrade program becomes, it could be a significant boon for the Indian Air Force, which has struggled with modernizing its diverse fleets of fighters and multi-role jets.
It's is not clear how many of the Jaguars will ultimately receive the AESA radar update, either. India's 18 Jaguar IM versions, optimized for maritime strike missions carrying Sea Eagle and Harpoon anti-ship missiles, have a traditional profile nose cone, but the IS multi-role variant has a narrower chiseled front end housing a combination laser range finder and target designator. HAL could have to develop an entirely new nose section to fit the ELM-2052 onto the IS aircraft, which make up the bulk of India's Jaguar fleet and the majority of the aircraft slated for the DARIN III upgrade package. This is where Elta's scalable design could really shine. We also don't know what, if any, of the DARIN upgrades will apply to the dozens of second-hand Jaguars India is looking to acquire from France. The French Air Force operated A and E variants that have a similar nose profile to the IM and could more readily accept the AESA installation. All government officials would say is that "India is actively considering acquiring them after proper refurbishment," according to Defense News. It is also very possible the 30 or so French jets that are supposedly being eyed could end up being used as spares for India's upgraded Jaguar fleet.
USAF The chisel-nose Jaguar IS.
Even if it is feasible, though, such a significant modification would slow down the DARIN III project even more and increase its overall cost. The Indian Air Force, which originally hoped to have the upgraded Jaguars start to enter service by December 2012, can little afford to drag the project out longer than it has already. Unfortunately, the DARIN III saga, as well as a separate and equally sluggish push to replace the Jaguars' engines, seems reflective of the Indian Air Force's modernization efforts. In January 2017, the country's Minister of Defense, Manohar Parrikar, announced plans to sign a deal to license produce up to 200 single-engine fighter jets by 2021 at an estimated cost of approximately $45 million apiece. The two major contenders for this tender are Lockheed Martin and its F-16 Block 70 and Saab and its Gripen E. In June 2017, Lockheed Martin separately announced plans to shift a significant portion of its F-16 production line to India, which many observers saw as giving the company an advantage in the domestic fighter competition. Saab has also offered a significant amount of technology transfer to go along with any purchase of Gripen aircraft. But when and even if the Indian Air Force will ultimately receive any new fighter jets is unclear. The reason the country is looking for 200 new aircraft in the first place is because it scaled back purchases of the Dassault Rafale multi-role combat aircraft, which had won an earlier competition in 2012 worth approximately $20 billion, amid accusations of graft. The original plan was to purchase 136 of the French-made fighter jets, but now the Indian Air Force is only slated to get 36.
USAF A French Navy Rafale M multi-role fighter jet.
Another factor is the poor performance so far of HAL's domestically-designed Tejas fighter jet, which first flew in 2001. The Indian Air Force expects to receive the first Tejas Mk 1A aircraft, which will also feature the ELM-2052 AESA radar among other features, by 2020 at the earliest. However, in January 2017, the Indian Navy rejected the navalized Tejas variant, complaining that it is too heavy to operate effectively from the country's sole aircraft carrier, INS Vikramaditya, as well as the Vikrant-class replacements now under construction. Both Vikramaditya and the Vikrant-class use ski jumps to launch aircraft and the Tejas can't meet the “thrust-to-weight requirement to take off with a full fuel and arms load,” Indian Navy Chief of Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba said, according to The Times of India. There's also a reasonable question of where the money for all of these procurements will come from. In addition to upgrading a significant portion of the Jaguar fleet, the Indian Air Force has been modernizing its Dassault Mirage 2000 at a cost of $43 million per aircraft and needs to replace hundreds of MiG-21s and MiG-27s that are simply becoming too old to fly safely. As of November 2016, the Indian Air Force had only committed to buy approximately 120 Tejas, worth approximately $12 billion, to replace more than 300 of the Soviet-era MiGs.
Venkat Mangudi via Wikimedia The HAL Tejas.
At the same time, India's top regional competitor, China, is working on multiple fifth generation stealthy fighter designs, advanced unmanned combat air vehicles, and other new aircraft, to say nothing of its networked air defenses. India has been less than pleased with the result of its cooperation with Russia on the fifth generation PAK-FA fighter jet. This increasing gap between the two countries' air arms is more pounced given that they have been engaged in a protracted standoff over a disputed border in the mountainous Sikkim region since June 2017, which observers worry could lead to a more significant conflict. India's Air Force also has to contend with its Pakistani counterpart, which, though far smaller and less advanced than China's People's Liberation Army Air Force, has been looking to improve its own capabilities in recent years. Most notably, Pakistan and China had been working together on updating the JF-17 Thunder light multi-role combat aircraft, which first entered Pakistani service in 2008. These upgrades could include an AESA radar and the Block 3 aircraft may be ready for as early as 2019. There are also reports that Pakistan is interested in buying the Chinese J-31 stealth fighter. Given these regional developments, the DARIN III upgrades, including the AESA radar, are essential for keeping the Jaguars combat capable, even if only as a second-tier multi-role aircraft. Additional upgrades, including improved, Israeli-made podded self-defense jammers could also add more capability to the aircraft. Regardless, given the difficulties India faces in modernizing its Air Force, it's likely that it will continue to operate the Jaguars, with or without the full suite of upgrades, for the foreseeable future. Contact the author: jtrevithickpr@gmail.com
A Florida woman who thought they were hit by a firework during Independence Day celebrations was shocked when doctors discovered a bullet in their thigh. Police are still investigating where the bullet came from, suspecting someone had shot it into the air.
Heather Charlebois, 42, was sitting on the patio of a downtown café in DeLand, Florida on July 4, when something struck their leg. They initially thought it might have been a slap, or a stray firecracker.
“My first thought was somebody hit me, slapped me open handed really hard on my leg and pinched me, but it did not make any sense because I didn't see anyone,” they told the Daytona Beach News-Journal. When the pain did not subside after several days, however, they went to the hospital, where doctors discovered a bullet in their thigh.
“They told me at the hospital they think it's a .38-caliber bullet lodged 4 centimeters inside my leg,” they said.
Oh #Florida! Woman thinks July 4 leg wound is fireworks, 4 days later finds out it's a bullet http://t.co/EEtLHRqNyGpic.twitter.com/WXJ3sWem38 — Craig Pittman (@craigtimes) July 10, 2015
The mother of four said that being shot never crossed their mind. Noises from the bar patrons, the live band, and the fireworks and firecrackers being set off would have drowned out any sounds of gunfire.
“I don't recall hearing a gunshot,” Charlebois said. “The sound that we actually heard I guess was the penetration of the bullet going through my jeans and into my leg.”
Friends who saw the injury told Charlebois it looked like a bullet wound, they told the paper. After several days with the pain in their leg getting worse, they went to the hospital. An X-ray revealed a bullet lodged in their right thigh, but doctors advised against surgery since it was too close to a major artery.
“They are worried about going in and getting the bullet out because it is so close to the artery and they don't want to do any more damage,” Charlebois said. “They felt it's better to leave it in.”
They told the paper they felt lucky to be alive.
DeLand police have issued a call for anyone who might know anything about the incident to come forward.
“There is no indication a gun was fired in close proximity to where they were sitting at this point so, another theory is that it was fired into the air from a distance,” said Sgt. Chris Estes.
Dan Reed, owner of the bar where Charlebois was injured, said they believed it must have been a stray bullet fired overhead and coming down onto the patio. “The bullet fell down straight from the sky and hit in the leg as they sat at one of the tables,” they said.
DeLand is the seat of Volusia County in central Florida, approximately 34 miles (55 km) north of Orlando.
Summer is just around the corner and pests are starting to crawl out of the woodwork and into Calgary yards and homes, but you might be surprised what pests you can get rid of legally.
Alberta Fish and Wildlife compiles a list each year based on pest populations, which includes everything from pigeons to bats to birds and rabbits.
Some pests, like bats, raccoons and skunks can not be exterminated, but rather relocated to another area. In Alberta, pests are defined as "an animal, bird, insect, plant or disease is destroying or harming or is likely to destroy or harm any land, livestock or property.
To find out which animals are on the list, hover your mouse over an animal to get more details.
Source: Non-licence Animals (As Outlined in Alberta's Wildlife Regulation, Schedule 4, Part 6)
Story Social Media
End of Story Social Media
How would you feel about a flatscreen monitor embedded into the safety bar as you ride up a chairlift at your favorite resort? Well this futuristic advertising platform maybe headed to a hill near you.
Businessden.com is reporting, Alpine Media Technology, a Colorado startup making chairlift panels with digital screens, has raised $150,000 to get their business off the ground. Alpine Media Technology has already penned agreements with Winter Park Resort and Wachusett Mountain Ski Area in Massachusetts for the 2017/2018 season . Next year, Alpine hopes to install 4,000 to 6,000 displays at 10 resorts.
HERE IS THEIR PITCH: Each panel contains a power source, 4-8 video displays, WiFi, and the option for wireless cell phone charging. The panel is rapidly charged with each pass of the bullwheel and stores enough energy to power the displays for up to 20 minutes.​ HERE IS AN EXAMPLE OF THE CONTENT THEY WOULD PLAY ON THE SAFETY BAR FLATSCREENS:
Our system can then be used for a variety of applications including, but not limited to: Trail maps with real-time GPS
Clock
Local weather information
Emergency broadcast notifications from ski patrol (i.e. lost skiers, closed lifts, etc.)
Video safety briefing (i.e. skier code of conduct, weather preparation, etc.)
Information about local amenities, resort discounts, etc.
Advertising (local or national level)
Integration with various social media platforms
much more… Collectively, our platform can: Enhance the experience for all patrons
Improve safety at the ski area through education and increased use of the safety bar offering the potential to reduce general liability insurance premiums
Drive traffic to local amenities / attractions
much more…
READ ENTIRE ARTICLE BY BUSINESSDEN.COM HERE
Getty Images
There are still a few weeks to go before anyone plays a game that counts in the standings and that means there's plenty of time for expressions of optimism around the league.
The Dolphins are taking full advantage of that. The team hasn't advanced to the postseason since 2008, but they are feeling good about themselves after signing Ndamukong Suh, remaking their receiving corps and making other moves after fading down the stretch the last two seasons. That's likely why executive vice president Mike Tannenbaum says the difference between “our optimism and the other 31 is our optimism is earned” and why defensive end Cameron Wake thinks he'll be playing in the postseason for the first time.
“Not being able to play in the postseason in all that time I've been here, now is the time …” Wake said, via the Miami Herald. “This is definitely the year.”
Center Mike Pouncey shares Wake's feeling that the team is poised for good things this year, although they add the caveat that they know this is the kind of thing you hear every year around this time. Given the way the Dolphins have hit the wire the last two years, there are going to be a lot of people resisting a ride on the bandwagon until the Dolphins have shown that their good-looking puzzle pieces actually fit together.
SINGAPORE - Pan Expressway Island. Most would have glossed over the typographical error found on a locality map at the Downtown Line 3's (DTL3) new MacPherson MRT station.
But it did not escape the sharp eyes of university undergraduate Lim Boon Kiat, 22, who spotted the incorrect annotation of the Pan Island Expressway.
Mr Lim was among a group of 100 volunteers who spent about two hours on Friday afternoon (Aug 4) taking train trips and exploring stations on the DTL3, which will officially open on Oct 21.
Their job? To gauge the effectiveness of signs and maps placed around the stations in helping commuters get around, and to provide feedback to the Land Transport Authority (LTA).
Through what it calls a signage walk-through, the LTA hopes to identify potential gaps, and address them before the stations are opened.
Similar exercises were also conducted before the opening of the Circle Line, the Tuas West Extension and the Downtown Lines 1 and 2 (DTL 1 and DTL2).
The DTL3 comprises 16 stations over a 21km stretch, running from Fort Canning to Expo, and passing through areas such as Jalan Besar and Tampines. It will join up with the DTL1 and DTL2, which runs from Bukit Panjang to Chinatown.
On Friday, the 100 volunteers - including grassroots leaders and residents living nearby - explored seven of the stations: Bendemeer, Geylang Bahru, Mattar, MacPherson, Ubi, Kaki Bukit and Bedok North.
They were split into four groups and given tasks via their mobile devices, to locate exits, landmarks and other station facilities, and to take the train to other stations.
The participants interviewed by The Straits Times said they were able to get around without fuss, but gave suggestions on how signs and maps could be improved.
Madam Chong Sook Fong, 61, a retiree, said symbols could be used on the maps to indicate key points of interest, such as religious or government buildings. "It'll be easier for people to find the landmarks and which station exits to take," Madam Chong added.
Mr Lam Zhi Hao, 21, who is waiting to be enlisted, said that some of the overhead signs at MacPherson station could have more directions on them. They said that besides putting road names guiding commuters to their exits, landmarks could also be added in.
Mr Leow Kwok Kee, 62, a retiree, suggested placing more signs at one of the station exits on the ground level at Bendemeer station. They said some of the places around the station, such as the Jalan Besar Swimming Complex, are about a 10min walk away, and a sign could point commuters in the right direction.
Meanwhile, Mr Lim said of the "Pan Expressway Island" error they spotted: "It's a minor mistake but such errors may lead to commuters not trusting the (accuracy of) the map."
During the baseball offseason, there have been a lot of headlines and action regarding the Tampa Bay Rowdies quest to move up in leagues to Major League Soccer. On Dec 7th, the Rowdies kicked off the #MLS2StPete campaign to generate support for their endeavor.
While St. Pete and even Tampa are awash with marketing materials promoting the campaign, there have been a few articles of pushback. On Jan 27th, Robert Trigaux of the Tampa Bay Times wrote a piece entitled “It's Tampa Bay Rowdies vs. Tampa Bay Rays in scramble for fans, money in St. Pete sports market“. It was an absolutely solid piece detailing the growing battle between the two St Pete franchises.
The result is a new dynamic emerging between the Rowdies and Rays, two sports teams located within a mile of one another in a rapidly evolving city. Each sports franchise is trying at the same time to win the hearts, dollars and attendance from St. Pete's (and Tampa Bay's) business community and residents.
Trigaux hits a lot of the typical notes: the Rays are struggling to draw fans, MLS is hot, the Rays need money for a new stadium, the Rowdies are willing to pay to expand Al Lang Stadium.
But their article had two small drawbacks: 1) it failed to talk about disposable income and economic capacity and 2) it ended with questions.
Will some businesses be forced to choose between the Rays and Rowdies? Can area residents support baseball and soccer in a hometown city with population of 260,000?
Let me answer:
Question 1) Yes.
Very simply, some businesses will only have enough funds to support one team. Some businesses are very profitable and can support professional sports teams, Little League teams, non-profits, and everything in between. Some small businesses can barely support paying their bills. So yes, if some businesses wanted to provide corporate support, they might have to choose between the Rays and the Rowdies.
Question 2) No.
I have repeatedly written about Tampa Bay's lack of disposable income. I've written about the area's economic capacity. I've written about average income, job growth, and demographics. Nothing indicates that Tampa Bay, and St Petersburg specifically, can support the growth of a sports team.
This area already supports
Rays
Lightning
Bucs
Storm
4 Minor League Baseball teams
Approximately 50% of Spring Training attendance
All with a population of 3 million people making an average of less than 50,000 a year.
Increased attendance and focus on the Rowdies would require time and money to be diverted from other entertainment or leisure venues. Whether the movies, a museum, the Rays, or a restaurant, people will be switching focus to the Rowdies. Stadiums don't come with people – they aren't old GI Joe vehicles that came with the pilot. People live in the area and have to be won over.
Of course, in their pitch, no one with the Rowdies has said there is the economic capacity to support expansion. They've cited the TV market (which the Rays commonly do as well) and the demographics. But those demographics are not exclusive to soccer. They are shared by almost every major sport.
Despite so much evidence to the contrary, Mayor Kriseman and the St Pete Area Chamber of Commerce are supporting the Rowdies initiative. Mayor Kriseman believes St Pete is big enough for the Rays and the Rowdies.
It's not.
Currently, single game tickets to a Rowdies match costs $23.50. Times 18,000 seats = 423,000. Times 17 game schedule = over $7 million total in disposable income to sell-out each Rowdies match. And that's just ticket sales. Currently, the Rowdies seat 6,000 at $23 = 2.2 million. So nearly $5 million more required from the Rowdies market.
Meanwhile, for the Rays sell out every game at $15 at ticket, they would require $36.4 million.
That's $50 million minimum to max out attendance in an area with a population of 259,906 and a median income under $50,000. Unless they are counting on people from outside the Tampa Bay area to support the local teams.
How's that “Team Tampa Bay” working out right now?
Obama apparently doesn't think they campaigned on a pubic option, just because they mentioned it during their campaign and included it in their health care plan. Why would that be?
Well, a couple of days ago my eyebrows raised when I saw this CNN poll on health care. It indicates that Obama's popularity has risen since the public option was removed from the plan. More interesting is the fact that support for the Senate/White House plan rose too, even though the public option had been more popular than the Senate/White House bill by a wide margin.
The Obama White House managed to successfully triangulate against the public option by saying it was too “liberal,” and presenting their corporate-friendly plan that gives Aetna and PhRMA everything they want as “centrist” by comparison. Because that's the left/right puke funnel that the media must feed everything through. So even though taking out the public option goes against public opinion, because “liberals” will be upset, it must be a good “sensible” thing to do.
Having Joe Lieberman act as frontman was the perfect delivery mechanism for achieving that goal.
Obama is triangulating against you today. They want all those diaries of outrage by “liberals,” so that right wingers will look on and think “good for them — like Joe Lieberman, they really knows how to stick it to liberals.” It's the move of a deeply cynical politician who believes in nothing but shameless manipulation for political convenience. Meanwhile, the media will completely overlook the fact that this bill is nothing but a corporate giveaway written by sleazy greedy whores willing to hold the nation's sick hostage in order to pull off the biggest Shock Doctrine scam in world history.
When I saw that CNN poll, I realized immediately that this media dynamic must change. Dramatically. Because if it doesn't, Obama — and all their fellow corporatists — will use it to easily deflect any challenge to their continuing grand ambitions for a Bailout Nation.
So let's change it.
American software company RealNetworks has been banned from selling a program that lets people make copies of their DVDs, in a US court decision that could have far-reaching implications.
After a year-long case over the legality of the company's RealDVD software, a district court in San Francisco ruled that Real had violated America's copyright laws and granted a preliminary injunction against Real to prevent it selling the program.
The ruling stops Real from selling RealDVD, a piece of software that allows to make back-up copies of their movie discs and save them to their computer. Although free DVD ripping software is readily available online, Real raised the hackles of Hollywood executives in 2008 because it paid for a license to the DVD Copy Control Association, believing that it could be interpreted to allow the services they wanted to provide.
In their ruling, Judge Marilyn Hall Patel said that the complex meant that it was not illegal for consumers to copy their own DVDs – just illegal to produce a program that allowed them to do so.
"While it may well be fair use for an individual consumer to store a backup copy of a personally-owned DVD on that individual's computer, a federal law has nonetheless made it illegal to manufacture or traffic in a device or tool that permits a consumer to make such copies."
The case was brought by the Motion Picture Association of America - the consortium representing Hollywood studios that has become notoriously litigious in the face of unauthorised downloading and online file sharing.
Dan Glickman, the head of the MPAA, hailed the verdict.
"We are very pleased with the court's decision," they said. "This is a victory for the creators and producers of motion pictures and television shows, and for the rule of law in our digital economy."
"Judge Patel's ruling affirms what we have known all along: Real Networks took a license to build a DVD player and instead made an illegal DVD copier."
Campaigners had argued that consumers had the right to make personal copies of material they had legally obtained, and that Real should not be punished.
Lawyers for the MPAA, on the other hand, said that Real was breaking the terms of its license and profiting from a system that made it possible for consumers to rent or borrow movies for a nominal fee before copying them.
The court sided with the film industry, largely because it said broke a licensing agreement to access privileged details of the copy protection codes, known as the content scramble system or CSS.
Although Judge Patel earlier ruling that CSS was a trade secret – indicating the possibility that they might rule against Real – another company, Kaleidascape, had recently been ruled to have not violated the law in a similar position.
Another scheme for unscrambling the code, called DeCSS, was also challenged in court after its creation - but Jon Lech Johansen, the Norwegian teenager credited with working on the system, was acquitted by a court in Oslo.
"Real will likely appeal this ruling," said Fred von Lohmann, an attorney with the campaign group the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "Whatever the outcome of that appeal, this ruling sends a chilling message to any technology innovator interested in delivering new products that interact with the DVDs you own."
Real Networks, based in Seattle, said that it was "disappointed" in the ruling and would take time to examine the verdict closely before considering whether to appeal.
"We have just received the judge's detailed ruling and are reviewing it. After we have done so fully, we'll determine our course of action," the company said in a statement.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Israel has a right to be protected by the United States, Bernie Sanders, a candidate in the primaries of the Democratic Party, said.
Sanders, who has spoken out in favor of Palestinian interests as well as Israel's right to exist in security, made this assertion Sunday during an interview with NBC's “Meet the Press.”
“I am 100 percent pro-Israel in the sense of Israel's right to exist,” Sanders said. “I lived in Israel, I have family in Israel, Israel has the right to live not only in peace and security, but to know that their very existence will be protected by the United States government,” Sanders said.Last week, Sanders appointed three Israel critics, including Cornel West, who supports boycotts against Israel, to help draft the party's platform ahead of the convention in Philadelphia. On “Meet the Press,” Sanders said their view is that the United States “has got to respect the needs of the Palestinian people. They cannot be pushed aside.”Asked whether they wanted the party platform to say the Palestinians were occupied, Sanders said conditions were premature for determining the language, but added: “We've got some good people on our platform-writing committee.”Last month, Sanders suspended their campaign's Jewish outreach coordinator shortly after appointing them after it was revealed that they previously had posted an expletive-ridden Facebook diatribe against Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Simone Zimmerman wrote last year on Facebook that “Bibi Netanyahu is an arrogant, deceptive, cynical, manipulative a**hole,” and: “F**k you, Bibi … you sanctioned the murder of over 2,000 people this summer.”The campaign of Hillary Clinton insisted that the 2016 platform will reflect the party's longstanding strong support for Israel.“The Democratic Party has always, in the platform, reflected longstanding, strong support for Israel. I don't expect that to change,” Wendy Sherman, former Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs and a foreign policy adviser to Clinton, told Jewish Insider on Friday.“I believe that everybody is in strong support for Israel's security and I think that Secretary Clinton's views about the importance of Israel's security and the unbreakable bond between the U.S. and Israel is something that is held by all Democrats.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
LG has taken the Samsung approach to Android by cramming an absolutely monstrous number of software extras and modifications into the G2, for better and for worse.
Aesthetically, we don't dislike LG's skin as much as Samsung's TouchWiz, but it's almost as cartoony. Resembling nothing like stock vanilla Android, the G2's been skinned with LG's own icons and menus, topped off with over-the-top transition animations that would probably bring lesser hardware to a grinding halt.
They're nice to have if you want to show off some funky unlock animations to your mates, but after swiping to unlock with a giant crystal appearing beneath your fingertip for the 50th time, you'll want to go for something a little more subtle. Or just load up an alternative launcher – hooray for Android.
In terms of software extras, we almost don't know where to begin. The G2 has the same eye-watching smarts as the Galaxy S4 (called Smart Screen as opposed to Samsung's Smart Stay), meaning it knows when you're looking at it so it can automatically pause videos and turn the screen off when you're not paying attention. It'll also automatically answer calls when you bring it to your ear.
The G2 also has an IR blaster and a useful Quick Remote app that you can access directly from the dropdown menu. Even if it won't operate your TV and home cinema kit first time, it can ‘learn' from your existing remotes with a couple of button presses and it's a genuinely useful tool for channel hopping in style.
Other useful tweaks include Plug & Pop (all these features have cheesy names, just to warn you), which brings up a contextual menu each time you plug in your headphones or microUSB cable. Plug in your headphones and you can choose which music apps to launch, including YouTube.
The microUSB cable automatically pulls up a menu asking you if you want to simply charge your phone via USB or transfer files, saving you from having to select it manually from the dropdown menu.
QSlide lets you open up to two selected apps from the notification menu and you can drag them around like widgets, interacting with them and laying them over whatever you're currently doing for some quick-fire multitasking shenanigans.
Slide Aside acts like alt-tab in Windows, letting you quickly rotate through up to three apps of your choosing. To save an app to a Slide Aside you have to cumbersomely swipe three fingers across the screen. We found ourselves using the traditional Android open apps menu faster, but as long as Qualcomm's silicon can handle all these extras, we suppose there's no harm for LG to chuck it in.
Clip Tray is a far more agreeable feature. It lets you save and access everything you've cut or copied in the past, letting you pick and choose text and photos before pasting them into emails, messages and notes. It's a serial cut'n'paster's best friend.
As with Samsung's TouchWiz Android tweaks, we could do without some of the G2's software extras like Smart Screen. It's just another button to add to the clutter of options, and while it works well, the time it takes to press pause or turn the screen off when you're looking at it makes it seem like more of a me-too feature than a necessity, and the G2 can hold its own against the S4 without having to rely on software tricks.
Still, the programmable remote is very useful for reducing sofa clutter and QSlide, despite its awkward name, came in handy for browsing the web while simultaneously making notes on our morning commute. But we've saved the best feature till last, and it's special enough to warrant its own special section…
On 21 March 1152, the marriage of Louis VII of France and Eleanor of Aquitaine was finally dissolved. The couple had married in 1137, shortly after the death of Eleanor's father. They had entrusted the care of their daughters to the king of France. The king decided that the best way to take care of the girls' huge fortune and important land was to marry the elder to their son. Less than a week after the wedding the old king died, making Louis and Eleanor king and queen.
The Unhappy Couple
From the start the couple were ill-matches, although Louis seems to have loved their wife. Eleanor found them bookish, overly pious and unmanly. Until their elder brother's premature death, Louis had been meant for a career in the church. They had been educated by monks. The court, and in particular Louis's mother Adelaide of Savoy, found Eleanor flighty and lacking the decorum and sobriety of the Parisian court. Eleanor was used to the court of Poitiers where the troubadour tradition flourished and where art, music and culture were celebrated. The court of their husband must have seemed dull in comparison.
Louis, with their monkish habits and unworldly ways, must have been a stark contrast with the men they knew from home. While their father had been a religious man (dying on pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela), he, like their own father William IX, had been a great lover of arts, music and poetry. They were also a successful warrior. William IX had been rather scandalous in their personal life and their unorthodox approach to romantic relationships* would have been known to their precocious granddaughter.
However, Eleanor made the best of the situation and even managed to conceive a child by their pious husband. Their daughter Marie was born in 1145. The following year both parents joined the Second Crusade in the Holy Land. It was an opportunity for Louis to show their wife that they could be a man as well as a monk. Unfortunately for him, while rumours flew back to Europe that they and their ladies had led the Aquitanian armies bare-breasted like Amazons, Louis found that they had no skill for war. They proved to be ineffectual, indecisive and weak.
A Marriage Doomed
When the armies reached Antioch, Eleanor met the prince, their uncle Raymond. They were charming, good-looking and a skilled warrior. The two spent much time in private conversation, using their native Occitan dialect, excluding Louis and all the northern courtiers. It led to rumours that they were having an affair.
With little having been achieved, Louis eventually abandoned the crusade. The couple returned separately, meeting up in Italy. They paid a visit to the Pope and requested that they annul their marriage. The Pope refused and tried to arrange a reconciliation. It was a brief success as nine months later, in 1151, Eleanor gave birth to their second child. That it was a girl was another blow. Louis needed an heir, and that meant a son.
Louis secured the support of the French bishops and petitioned the Pope once again for an annulment. The bishops were only too glad to support a move that would rid them of the wilful and impious queen, replace them with someone more suitable (and no doubt more biddable) to provide a secure succession to the throne. The Pope acquiesced. They gave the king custody of their daughters and Eleanor returned to Poitiers, but not to a life of quiet retirement.
*Definitely a subject for a future post. Any tale involving a woman named Dangereuse has a place on an infamous women blog.
Bethesda has just revealed the official PC requirements for Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus. According to the company, PC gamers will at least need an Intel Core i7-3770 or an AMD FX-8350, 8GB of RAM and an Nvidia GTX 770 4GB or an AMD Radeon R9 290 4GB graphics card.
What's really cool here is that Bethesda has also listed the target resolution and framerate for both the minimum and recommended specs. Players with PC specs similar to the minimum requirements will run the game with 60fps on Low settings at 720p. Those with systems similar to the recommended requirements will run the game on High settings at 1080p with High settings.
Bethesda has also listed the advanced graphics settings that will be available on the PC version. These are:
Lights
Shadows
Directional Occlusion
Reflections
Decals
Motion Blur
Image Streaming
Volumetric Quality
Decal Filtering
Deferred Rendering
Chromatic Aberration
Depth of Field
Resolution Scaling
Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus will be using the id Tech 6 Engine and according to executive producer Jerk Gustafsson, it will support the Vulkan API.
“We're also taking full advantage of Vulkan, allowing us to push improved performance across the board in ways that simply weren't possible before. The minimum hardware requirements are set to ensure a high-quality experience, and with Vulkan players should see solid performance on a variety of system configurations. However, if you're aiming for 1080p with high framerate and settings, you would need to bump towards our recommended specs.”
From the looks of it, the PC version of Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus will run great on the PC. The game releases on October 27th, and below you can find its full PC requirements.
“Can I Play, Daddy?” Minimum Requirements (720p and 60 fps at low settings)
CPU: Intel Core i7-3770/AMD FX-8350 or better
GPU: Nvidia GTX 770 4GB/AMD Radeon R9 290 4GB or better
RAM: 8GB
OS: Win7, 8.1, or 10 (64-Bit versions)
Storage: 55GB
“I Am Death Incarnate” Recommended Requirements (1080p and 60 fps at high settings)
CPU: Intel Core i7-4770/AMD FX-9370 or better
GPU: Nvidia GTX 1060 6GB/AMD Radeon RX 470 4GB or better
RAM: 16GB
OS: Win7, 8.1, or 10 64-Bit
Storage: 55GB
Hi, Many Python module developers do not want their work to be distributed by Debian (and probably by other Linux distributions), here's a list of hints that will help you accomplish that goal: * depend on unstable or unreleased software (even if you use it only to generate docs or do unit tests), * bundle local copies of 3rd party modules and do not send your changes upstream, never document your changes in upstream code, * break API in every release, * break ABI in every second release, * do not ship all files needed to build the extension/docs/etc. in the source tarball, * do not list required dependencies in install_requires or INSTALL/README files, * if you list them, make sure you set the minimum required version to the one released yesterday, even if module works fine with version released 2 years ago, * create your own versioning schema (do not follow PEP-0386!), change it from time to time, * hardcode paths in the code and do it in as many places as you can (add new ones every few releases, that will teach them to not patch your code), * ignore FHS (you're using Windows after all); use __file__ whenever you can, * make sure there's nothing about license in LICENSE file or in file headers, * if you have some free time, create your own license, avoid BSD/MIT/(L)GPL, * if you use GPL, do not include full content of the license in the tarball, * release different tarballs with the same version number, * use waf as build-system, * release a new version without testing it with your own unit tests first to ensure that it will fail when your favourite Debian Developer tries to build it ;-) [debian-python at l.d.o BCCed] -- Piotr O?arowski Debian GNU/Linux Developer www.ozarowski.pl www.griffith.cc www.debian.org GPG Fingerprint: 1D2F A898 58DA AF62 1786 2DF7 AEF6 F1A2 A745 7645 -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: signature.asc Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 836 bytes Desc: Digital signature URL: <http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/attachments/20100426/4d7ffeff/attachment.pgp>
Top 15 Sexy Emma Watson Gifs
Emma Watson is one of the stars of the blasphemous “Harry Potter” movie series. Apparently a new Harry Potter movie was just released and the degenerate heathens in the West are all in a tizzy about it.
Frankly I do not see what is so appealing about movies glorifying devil worship, but then again I do not understand how people can worship the Jew God Jesus when there is a perfectly good Arab God to praise.
Anyway here are the top 15 sexy animated gifs of Harry Potter star Emma Watson with my mocking commentary because they are a Satan worshiping whore.
There is nothing more attractive than an agreeable woman. I like to stare at this gif and pretend I am a Shia cleric questioning Emma Watson about their various deviant sexual escapades.
Smacking invisible ass while wearing a white dress, Emma Watson has no shame.
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke? Emma Watson can not take a joke.
Ugh a woman dancing is offensive enough, but doing it while dressed in a short purple dress is only something Emma Watson would do.
Here Emma Watson is rehearsing their favorite sex move called the “London Bridge”, Google it.
Emma Watson with 2 invisible cocks.
Behind the scenes of Emma Watson's photo shoot for Deep Dicking Magazine.
Damn you Emma Watson and your lustful eyes.
Sometimes Emma Watson comes off as a cold English bitch, and it is hot.
To try and slow the spread of STDs the British government requires Emma Watson wear a special pair of panties.
Not pictured, the mirror Emma Watson is looking at. Narcissistic bitch!
I do not know what kind of kinky sex move Emma Watson is demonstrating here, but I am pretty sure it is illegal and very sure it is offensive to Allah.
Now this is the definition of a “whore's bath”.
Emma Watson gets off on flashing their cooze on national TV.
A new study conducted at the University of Iowa's National Advanced Driving Simulator (NADS) has found drivers who use alcohol and marijuana together weave more on a virtual roadway than drivers who use either substance independently. However, the cocktail of alcohol and marijuana does not double the effect of the impairment.
Tim Brown
“What we saw was an additive effect, not a synergistic effect, when we put them together,” says Tim Brown, associate research scientist at NADS and co-author of the study. “You get what you expect if you take alcohol and cannabis and merge them together.”
The study, which was published June 23 in Drug and Alcohol Dependence, also found that participants who consumed only alcohol weaved more during a 35- to 45-minute simulated driving test than those who consumed only vaporized cannabis. Gary Gaffney, associate professor of psychiatry in the UI Carver College of Medicine, is the study's principal investigator. It's co-principal investigators are Brown and Gary Milavetz, associate professor and head of the division of Applied Clinical Sciences in the College of Pharmacy.
The results are part of a larger study—the first of its kind to analyze the effects of inhaled cannabis on driving performance—sponsored by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, National Institute of Drug Abuse, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy. The UI was selected for the research because of the NADS' authenticity to real driving and the university's expertise in medicine, pharmacy, and engineering. The NADS is the only simulator of its kind that is publicly owned.
The outcomes could help shape future legislation in the United States where some experts say policies on drugged driving are woefully behind.
To date, medical marijuana is legal in 23 states and the District of Columbia while marijuana has been approved for recreational use in four states and D.C. Since legalizing medical marijuana, Colorado has reported an increase in driving under the influence of cannabis cases and fatal motor vehicle crashes with cannabis-only positive drivers while states without legalized marijuana have experienced no significant change in cannabis-related crashes.
In 2014, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's Roadside Survey of Alcohol and Drug Use by Drivers found the number of drivers with alcohol in their system had declined by nearly one-third since 2007. However, that same survey found the number of weekend nighttime drivers with evidence of drugs in their system climbed from 16.3 percent in 2007 to 20 percent in 2014. The number of drivers with marijuana in their system grew by nearly 50 percent.
Brown says plenty of research has been done on the effects of drinking alcohol and driving, but little has been done to measure the effects of using marijuana and driving.
“Alcohol is the most common drug present in the system in roadside stops by police; cannabis is the next most common, and cannabis is often paired with alcohol below the legal limits,” Brown says. “So the questions are: Is alcohol an issue? Is cannabis an issue? We know alcohol is an issue, but is cannabis an issue or is cannabis an issue when paired with alcohol? We tried to find out.”
Researchers selected 18 participants—13 men and five women—between the ages of 21 and 37 who reported drinking alcohol and using marijuana no more than three times a week. After spending the night at the University of Iowa Hospital and Clinics to ensure sobriety, participants arrived at NADS for six “dosing visits.”
First, participants were given 10 minutes to drink a mixed drink with alcohol or plain juice in an alcohol-rimmed glass and topped with alcohol to mimic alcohol taste and odor. The idea was to get the participants blood alcohol level to about .065 percent at the start of the simulated drive.
Next, they were given 10 minutes to inhale a placebo or vaporized cannabis using a vaporizing system designed in Germany called “Volcano Medic ™.”
A comparison of lane weaving observed in a simulated driving study between common legal drunk driving limits (BrAC) and the blood concentration of THC that produce a similar amount of lane weaving. A comparison of lane weaving observed in a simulated driving study between common legal drunk driving limits (BrAC) and the blood concentration of THC that produce a similar amount of lane weaving.
Once in the simulator—a 1996 Malibu sedan mounted in a 24-feet diameter dome—the drivers were assessed on weaving within the lane, how often the car left the lane, and the speed of the weaving. Drivers with only alcohol in their systems showed impairment in all three areas while those strictly under the influence of vaporized cannabis only demonstrated problems weaving within the lane.
Drivers with blood concentrations of 13.1 ug/L THC, or delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol, the active ingredient in marijuana, showed increased weaving that was similar to those with a .08 breath alcohol concentration, the legal limit in most states. The legal limit for THC in Washington and Colorado is 5 ug/L, the same amount other states have considered.
Andrew Spurgin
The study also found that analyzing a driver's oral fluids can detect recent use of marijuana but is not a reliable measure of impairment.
“Everyone wants a Breathalyzer which works for alcohol because alcohol is metabolized in the lungs,” says Andrew Spurgin, a postdoctoral research fellow with the UI College of Pharmacy. “But for cannabis this isn't as simple due to THC's metabolic and chemical properties.”
Additional authors on the study include Rebecca L. Hartman (lead author), National Institute on Drug Abuse; Milavetz; Spurgin; Russell S. Pierce, VariableSolutions, USA; David A. Gorelick, National Institute on Drug Abuse; Gaffney; and Marilyn A. Huestis (corresponding author), National Institute on Drug Abuse.
Sky_Blue/iStock/GettyImages
Ballpoint pens may seem simple and mundane, but each one is the result of more than 100 years of hard work and research by curious individuals, dedicated chemists and business owners. It may not look like much, but the tube of ink inside your pen took decades to refine: It's more complex than you would expect from something so small.
TL;DR (Too Long; Didn't Read) Companies such as Bic, Pilot and Paper Mate keep their exact ink formulas well-guarded, but almost all ballpoint pen inks consist of one or more color pigments or dyes dissolved or suspended in a solvent – usually oil or water. Additional chemical compounds such as oleic acid and alkyl alkanolamide are added to make the writing process easy. They keep the ink flowing from the pen and absorbing into the paper, and they make the colors vibrant.
Ballpoint Origins
While the first ballpoint pen was invented in 1888 by an American leather tanner named John Loud, it would take almost 60 years of attempts for the pens to catch on and become popular. It all came down to the ink. The structure and basic functions of ballpoint pens have remained consistent over the years, but without the correct ink composition, the pens would leak, clog, fade or smear. It took decades to find a formula that would make ballpoints more efficient than the fountain pens that preceded them.
Sciencing Video Vault
Ink Components
There are hundreds of variations on ink formulas. The average ballpoint pen's ink is composed of dye or pigment particles – carbon black for black pens, eosin for red, or a suspected cocktail of Prussian blue, crystal violet and phthalocyanine blue for the classic blue pen – suspended in a solvent of oil or water. The most common of the oils are benzyl alcohol or phenoxyethanol, which mix with the pigments or dyes to create a smooth, vibrant ink that dries quickly. However, there is more to ink than its two primary components. With only pigment and solvent, the pen works, but it could still use some improvements.
Innovations in Ink
The fountain pens that preceded ballpoints used a thin, water-based ink, and they hinged on gravity to feed ink down to the pen tip. They had to be held at specific angles and used with care; otherwise, the mechanisms would break or the ink would smear. The development of the rough ball in the early 1940s by Hungarian brothers Lasdislas and Georg Biro (whose names are still on certain Bic pens) solved the gravity problem when paired with a thick, oil-based newspaper ink. It wasn't until 1949 that Fran Seech developed what would become the modern pen ink formula that made Paper Mate pens so wildly popular. It took more than color and solvents.
Additive Assistants
The present study shows that green tea powder (GT) alone, or in combination with L. plantarum DSM 15313 (Lp), exerts beneficial metabolic effects in C57BL/6J mice fed an HFD. These results are in agreement with and an extension of previous studies of metabolic effects of green tea in rodents. However, in contrast to most previous studies, in which the green tea extract or the phenolic constituent epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) has been evaluated, we have here studied the effect of whole tea leaves milled to a powder, which is suggested to contain higher quantities of polyphenols compared to a water extract of green tea [45]. Indeed, our analysis of the green tea powder showed a higher amount of catechins compared to a water extract from the same green tea powder. The present study additionally shows that when a tannase active strain of L. plantarum was supplemented to the GT-diet (Lp + GT), both the load of lactobacilli and the bacterial diversity increased significantly in the small intestine. It seems likely that the increase in diversity was due to effects exerted by the given Lactobacillus strain in combination with GT rather than just the addition of one more species to the microbiota.
The observed reduction in adiposity after green tea intake is in agreement with previous studies, including studies in HFD-fed C57BL/6J mice. Increased faecal lipid excretion is likely to be a major factor contributing to the reduced adiposity. It is known that green tea extracts possess the ability to inhibit intestinal lipases [46]. In addition to lipases, green tea catechins have been shown to inhibit glucose transporters and enzymes involved in carbohydrate digestion, raising the possibility that also carbohydrate absorption could be reduced [47, 48]. EGCG has previously been shown to slightly increase energy content of faeces as a consequence of reduced digestibility [14]. There were indications that components of the microbiota might interfere with lipid metabolism. The amount of Akkermansia in the small intestine was shown to correlate negatively with the total body fat content, the periovarian fat depots as well as the circulating levels of leptin, suggesting a role for Akkermansia in reducing fat accumulation. Interestingly, Akkermansia muciniphila was recently shown to be increased in prebiotic-treated ob/ob mice which had lower fat mass compared to control ob/o b mice [49]. In a study of pregnant women, the number of Akkermansia and Bifidobacterium was higher in women with normal weight gain compared to those with excessive weight gain [50]. Akkermansia has also been shown to be increased in normal weight and post-gastric-bypass individuals compared to obese [51]. In the present study, a negative correlation was also detected between the total number of bacteria and periovarian fat mass. However, it remains to be proven that the correlations point at the cause of the alterations in lipid metabolism.
In accordance with the reduced adiposity after GT intake, GT reduced hepatic lipid content and circulating levels of ALT suggesting that GT either directly, or indirectly, perhaps via an altered microbiota, ameliorates the liver damage imposed by the HFD. The involvement of an altered microbiota is supported by the negative correlation between the amount of Akkermansia and the hepatic TAG content. Ma et al. demonstrated that the probiotic mixture of different Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium strains (labelled VSL#3) reduced a HFD induced hepatic steatosis in C57BL6 mice [11]. On the other hand Velayudham et al. demonstrated that the same probiotic mixture did not prevent liver steatosis but modulated the progression to liver fibrosis [52]. Here, the supplement with one strain of L. plantarum did not have the capacity to reduce the hepatic TAG accumulation. SREBP-1c is a key transcription factor in hepatic lipogenesis and is partly regulated by PPARγ and LXR [53]. The down-regulation of the mRNA expression of SREBP-1c, PPARγ and LXR suggests that decreased hepatic lipogenesis contributes to the reduced hepatic lipid content observed in the mice fed GT. Also, the hepatic fatty acid transporter CD36, another lipogenic target of PPARγ and LXR [53] was shown to be down-regulated in the GT groups compared to control at 11 weeks, however, the decrease compared to control was abolished after 22 weeks. In addition, the hepatic mRNA expression of the lipogenic enzymes ACC and FAS was reduced and trended towards a diminuition, respectively, in mice fed GT alone compared to control mice, indicating a decreased de novo lipogenesis in these mice. Surprisingly, the decreased expression of the lipogenic enzymes could not be detected in mice from the Lp + GT group. The expression of the transcription factor PPARα was down-regulated in mice in the GT group compared to control mice, indicating a decreased hepatic fatty acid oxidation as well. The mechanisms behind this finding need further elucidation. It should be emphasized that this is a large screening of the alterations induced by the dietary supplements and more detailed analyses, including expression at the protein level, need to be undertaken.
The choice of the present strain of probiotics is partly based upon its ability to increase the barrier effect of the gut-mucosa [54] but mainly on its ability to degrade polyphenols as tannins, and produce compounds as substituted phenyl propionic acids, phenyl valeric acids and benzoic acid derivates [26]. These compounds are more easily absorbed than longer molecular chains of phenolics, and are often also more bioactive [55, 56]. They can have anti-inflammatory effects as well as antimicrobial effects. One hypothesis is that Lp in the large intestine is able to convert polyphenols in GT to more easily absorbed metabolites with antioxidative effects in organs such as the liver. Generally, polyphenols possess powerful antimicrobial activities [27] which can have growth suppressing effects on many bacteria but which are better endured by others.
Feeding mice with Lp alone did not affect inflammatory markers. A reduced spleen weight was observed already after 11 weeks in the Lp + GT group and Lp + GT significantly reduced the inflammatory tone at 22 weeks, both systemically, as indicated by reduced circulating PAI-1 and decreased spleen weight [57], as well as locally in the liver, as shown by decreased mRNA expression of TNF-α and MCP-1. This, together with the higher number of Lactobacillus both in caecum and small intestine in the Lp + GT group support the hypothesis of Lactobacillus converting polyphenols to more active anti-inflammatory components. The higher number of lactobacilli in the Lp group and higher diversity in the GT group in the ceacum seemed not to affect the inflammatory markers at 11 weeks. The effect seen after 22 weeks might partly be explained by an increased number of bacterial taxa over time in all groups since the number of T-RFs increased at 22 weeks while no difference in diversity between the groups was seen in ceacum.
It has previously been shown that a probiotic-supplemented diet decreases levels or expression of liver TNF-α in animal models. Ma et al. [11] found a decreased expression of TNF-α in the liver of HFD-fed C57BL/6 mice when the diet was supplemented with the probiotic VSL#3 mixture. Furthermore, in an acute liver injury model in rats, TNF-α levels decreased in the liver when rats had been pre-treated with L. plantarum DSM 15313 before inducing liver injury [58]. Also, green tea extract alone has been shown to reduce hepatic mRNA levels of both TNF-α and MCP-1 as well as NFκB binding activity [59]. Additionally, a negative correlation between Akkermanisia and plasma PAI-1 was seen, indicating that Akkermansia may have a beneficial influence on the inflammatory state. It has been shown in germ-free mice inoculated with Akkermansia municiphila MucT that the colonization altered the mucosal gene expression towards a profile involved in immune responses and cell fate, which led to the conclusion that the tested strain of Akkermansia modulated pathways involved in establishing homeostasis for basal metabolism and immune tolerance towards commensal bacteria [60].
Dietary administration of GT reduced plasma cholesterol as well as hepatic cholesterol content. The supplementation with Lp alone had a significant cholesterol-lowering effect in the liver after 22 weeks and additionally the total number of bacteria in the small intestine was negatively correlated with both liver and plasma cholesterol. An increased faecal excretion of cholesterol was observed in the GT groups, indicating that this is at least one of the mechanisms underlying the cholesterol-lowering effect of GT administration. EGCG as well as other polyphenols have previously been shown to inhibit cholesterol absorption in rodents [61, 62]. The underlying mechanisms are not fully elucidated but green tea catechins have been suggested to reduce the absorption of cholesterol from the intestine by reducing the solubility of cholesterol in mixed micelles [61]. SREBP2, the major regulator in cholesterol biosynthesis, and its downstream target HMG-CoA reductase, were up-regulated when GT was combined with Lp. An explanation for the up-regulated cholesterol biosynthesis might be a response to the very efficient GT-induced cholesterol excretion in an attempt of the system to restore cholesterol homeostasis. This rescue mechanism of cholesterol is further supported by the upregulation of the hepatic HDL receptor SR-B1 mRNA in the GT groups.
The lower fasting plasma glucose and insulin, resulting in a lower HOMA index, as well as the lower levels of fructosamine, mirroring the blood glucose concentration over several weeks, indicate a more insulin sensitive state in the mice fed GT. In contrast, the oral glucose tolerance test showed deteriorated glucose elimination despite increased insulin secretion in the GT groups, implying decreased oral glucose tolerance compared to the control group and the Lp group. The cause for this discrepancy is not known.
A component of the microbiota that seems to be of relevance for several of the metabolic effects studied here is Akkermansia. Akkermansia muciniphila is a newly described species which has been shown to be an efficient mucin degrader found in the intestines of humans and animals [63] and it has been associated with healthy gut mucosa [64, 65]. However, the amount of Akkermansia in the small intestine did not differ between the groups indicating that it is not the diet per se but instead the response of the specific microbiota in an individual that might be of importance. It is clear from the present results that the dietary supplements GT and Lp exercise effects on the composition of the microbiota in both the small intestine and in caecum as well as on metabolism. However, a key-question that remains to be answered is whether the changes in gut-microbiota affect the metabolic markers or whether the changes in the gut-microbiota result from metabolic alterations. With the assumption that certain components of the microbiota exert metabolic effects, it is clear from the present results that the microbiota of the individual mice varied widely in spite of the fact that they are from an inbred strain. Especially the individuals of the control group differ while the dietary supplements appear to standardize the microbiota to some degree. Surprisingly, the standardization differed between the small intestine and caecum, i.e. green tea made the microbiota of the individual mice more uniform in the former while Lp did the same in the latter. The multivariate analysis revealed that certain, relatively few components of the microbiota (T-RFs) in both the small intestine and in caecum, had a considerably higher effect on the correlation model built for comparing T-RFLP-data with metabolic test-parameters, some showing positive correlations and some negative. It was also clear that GT and Lp in some cases affected the abundance of these bacterial components differently. One of these critical components (T-RF) could be identified as Akkermansia. However, the fact that several correlations have been found between Akkermansia and metabolic parameters do not necessarily implicate a causal role for this taxum but at least reflects that markers for inflammation and lipid metabolism are linked to the microbiota, and especially the microbiota of the small intestine. Mice in the Lp + GT group had higher bacterial diversity in the small intestine compared to both control and the GT group. The higher diversity may as such be a positive health factor or at least a health marker. It was shown in humans that the bacterial diversity of the gut microbiota was higher in lean individuals than in obese ones [66] and that neonates with low diversity at one week of age had increased risk for developing atopic eczema at 18 months of age [67]. As expected the number of T-RFs were smaller in the small intestine compared to caecum as the sampling were done close to the pylorus. In humans, the diversity in the jejunum has been shown to be lower than in the colon [68]. The T-RFLP method was chosen here even if it has a lower resolution compared to high through-put sequencing, but it gives comparable results to pyrotag sequencing regarding diversity measures [69].
This page is a historical archive and is no longer maintained. For current information, please visit http://www.cdc.gov/media/
Media Statement
For Immediate Release: March 15, 2013
Contact: Division of News & Electronic Media, Office of Communication
(404) 639-3286
CDC confirms rabies death in organ transplant recipient
Other patients who received organs from same donor getting anti-rabies shots
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene have confirmed that a patient who recently died of rabies in Maryland contracted the infection through organ transplantation done more than a year ago. The patient was one of four people who had received an organ from the same donor. This week, CDC laboratories tested tissue samples from the donor and from the recipient who died to confirm transmission of rabies through organ transplantation.
In early March, the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene initiated an investigation after the organ recipient died, which led to the rabies diagnosis. The investigation revealed that the organ recipient had no reported animal exposures, the usual source of rabies transmission to humans, and identified the possibility of transplant-related transmission of rabies, which is extremely rare.
The organ transplantation occurred more than a year before the recipient developed symptoms and died of rabies; this period is much longer than the typical rabies incubation period of 1 to 3 months, but is consistent with prior case reports of long incubation periods. CDC's preliminary laboratory analysis indicates that the recipient and the donor both had the same type of rabies virus—a raccoon type. This type of rabies virus can infect not only raccoons, but also other wild and domestic animals. In the United States, only one other person is reported to have died from a raccoon-type rabies virus.
In 2011, the donor became ill and was admitted to a healthcare facility in Florida and then died. At that time, the donor's organs, including the kidneys, heart, and liver, were recovered and sent to recipients in Florida, Georgia, Illinois, and Maryland. At the time of the donor's death, rabies was not suspected as the cause and testing for rabies was not performed. Rabies was only recently confirmed as the cause of death after the current investigation began in Maryland.
Shortly before becoming ill, the donor had moved to Florida, but was a previous resident of North Carolina where it is believed the exposure may have occurred. How the donor may have gotten rabies is currently under investigation.
The three other people who received organs from the donor have been identified and are currently being evaluated by their healthcare teams and receiving rabies anti-rabies shots (immune globulin and anti-rabies vaccination). CDC is working with public health officials and healthcare facilities in five states (Fla., Ga., Ill., Md., and N.C.) to identify people who were in close contact with the initial donor or the four organ recipients and might need rabies post-exposure treatment.
All potential organ donors in the United States are screened and tested to identify if the donor might present an infectious risk. Organ procurement organizations are responsible for evaluating the suitability of each organ donor. Donor eligibility is determined through a series of questions posed to family and close contacts, a physical examination, and infectious disease testing, including HIV and hepatitis. There are typically one to three cases of human rabies diagnosed annually in the United States each year. If rabies is not clinically suspected, laboratory testing for rabies is not routinely performed, as it is difficult for doctors to confirm results in the short window of time they have to keep the organs viable for the recipient.
Organ screening is designed to ensure safe and successful transplantations. The benefits from transplanted organs generally outweigh the risk for transmission of infectious diseases from screened donors.
Rabies is a preventable viral disease of mammals most often transmitted through the bite of a rabid animal. The rabies virus infects the central nervous system, ultimately causing disease in the brain and death within days of the onset of illness. In the United States, bats, raccoons, skunks, and foxes are the most commonly reported rabid animals. However, bats remain the animal most frequently associated with transmitting rabies to humans.
###
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
More Information about Premium Items
Today we announced two premium items that are available for purchase in the Goblinworks Shop. This blog explains in more detail what we're doing, why we're doing it and how it will all work.
You can discuss this blog on the forums by clicking this link!
Adding Persistency to the World
One of our design objectives for the game is that we want the players to make lasting and meaningful changes to the world in ways that all players can see and interact with. The major system that will provide that functionality is the creation of structures.
Settlements, Points of Interest and Outposts provide the basic economic underpinning of the world. These structures help you shape the strategic landscape and play a huge role in how your Settlement will evolve. At the same time, they are necessarily large investments and take coordination between lots of players to build, maintain, and protect. Some players would like to have individual buildings they can call their own.
We're introducing premium Player Owned structures for this reason. We are necessarily limited in how much land we can devote to individual structures, so they will be pretty valuable. Because they are a premium feature, we are making sure that nothing they do is mechanically unique compared to other structures. They have plenty of convenience features, and most importantly give you a place to call your own and meet with your friends.
The Value of Base Camps
In our Alpha testing there are two big mechanical systems which are not implemented yet and the lack of those systems means that some of the play you may have seen streamed on Twitch (or experienced yourself) isn't fully representative of how the game will actually work. Those two systems are Encumbrance and Power.
Encumbrance will limit the amount of stuff a character can carry without taking speed penalties and eventually being unable to even move until you reduce the weight your character is trying to carry. Currently without encumbrance, characters are running around the game world with huge inventories of items and lots of harvested resources and processed components. When encumbrance is enabled, that will stop. Characters will need to return to their home bases frequently to offload the material they've accumulated then return to wherever they were adventuring when they reached their inventory limits. These trips will take time and the characters may be vulnerable to ambushes while in transit.
Power is a resource which limits how often you can use the most powerful abilities your character has mastered. Power will not automatically regenerate (currently in the Alpha it regenerates at a slow rate but that is a placeholder before we implement the real mechanic.) Instead characters will recover Power when they are within a Settlement or are visiting a Tavern. Lack of Power will be a serious detriment to continuing to adventure or engage in PvP.
Base Camps are a great way to make both of these game systems more meaningful. You'll be able to use a Base Camp to store the fruits of your harvesting and monster slaying without having to run back to your Settlement as often. And you'll be able to restore your Power as well. So creating a Base Camp will let you and your friends stay "in the field" for a longer period, increasing the value you're generating.
The Value of Smallholds
We know that many players are very interested in player-owned housing. It has always been our plan to enable you to own and decorate your own space, invite friends to visit, and have a personalized place you can call your own.
At first, the interface to the Smallhold will be like the Crafting interface. You will click the door to the structure and be taken to a screen showing various things you can interact with at the Smallhold. Your character won't enter a virtual space or be able to see other characters at the Smallhold, but all of those things are possible in the future as we iterate on this design. While you are accessing a Smallholding your character will be removed from the larger game world and won't be vulnerable to attacks.
The Smallhold gives you a soulbinding point that doesn't require a Thread. And it will restore your Power. It can serve as a base of operations for an ad hoc party, a company or for an individual who wants to homestead a place in the wilderness. And it is a meeting place and a communication system for you and your friends.
Player Concerns
We know that one of the things a lot of players are worried about is the risk that the game becomes "pay to win". We have said from the outset that we will never sell items in the store that are mechanically superior to things the players can craft using the in-game systems. We think that these two structures strike a nice balance of value and utility while remaining true to that commitment. Neither the Base Camp nor the Smallhold offers any function that is not available via another mechanism or process in the game.
The biggest mechanical advantage both Base Camps and Smallholds introduce is the ability to regenerate Power while still in the wilderness. There is a player character crafted system to do this as well - the creation of "Campfire" objects. These are craftable items that you can deploy to regenerate Power similar to the way a Base Camp or a Smallhold works. They have a limited duration and are consumed when you use them, and they can be Threaded and/or looted or destroyed when a character carrying them is killed. But the main feature - Power regeneration - works just like the Base Camp and Smallhold.
We have ideas for a wide variety of premium items. We are introducing these two first because they're relatively easy to develop and deploy, they are complementary to game systems that are going to be impacting players immediately, and because we want to see how the community reacts to their introduction and use. The introduction of these premium items will help us learn how to structure future, more complex offers in ways that are highly regarded and welcomed by the players.
We think it's also important to remind the community that these buildings don't replace the Settlements, Points of Interest or Outposts. You won't be able to buy a solution to access to character training and crafting with real money. You have to earn those capabilities by working within the Settlement system.
PvP and Destroying Structures
Making your ability to build something really meaningful implies that someone else might want to destroy what you have built. We have to balance a variety of competing interests in this area of maximizing meaningful human interaction.
First, you paid for these structures and you'll get to keep them no matter what. If they are destroyed, that is a setback but not a loss. The ability to build the structures will remain in your inventory and you can reconstruct them an infinite number of times. These items will not be destroyed if your character dies while carrying them and they will not drop as loot.
Second, you need to know when the structure is vulnerable. When you're close to a Settlement - when you are in a Hex controlled by a Settlement - your structures will share that Settlement's PvP window so you can expect to have to deal with threats at the same time as the rest of the area. When you're in the wilderness you won't have the luxury of any "safe time" - but that's the risk you take for operating far from a Settlement's security!
Third, we don't want to destroy a structure to be a casual act of vandalism. To destroy a Base Camp should take a solo character a very long time, or a group of characters a reasonably long time - certainly enough time for you to receive a notice that the camp is under attack, rally a defense, and engage the hostile forces. Destroying a Smallhold is a significant operation that can't be achieved simply by individual characters. Destroying a Smallhold will require the use of a Siege Engine, and that is a game system that won't be built or deployed until we are close to Open Enrollment, and it will require a lot of materials and highly specialized characters (likely more than one) to operate it. Plus it will need to be moved into place to attack the Smallhold.
However we do want to have a way to discourage someone from occupying land desired by others just because they claimed the land first. Your Smallhold will be vulnerable to being damaged by individual character abilities. Think of it as having windows broken and walls defaced. This minor damage accumulates and makes it more expensive to maintain the building. The upkeep cost will increase the more damage is inflicted on the structure. You may have to decide to abandon a location that is under constant attack if you decide the costs of remaining in place outweigh the benefits.
Fourth, we need to consider how conflicts over Base Camps and Smallholds should interact with the alignment and reputation system. Attacking someone's property without other considerations (like feuds) should have pretty significant consequences. Likewise, defending your property should not incur substantial penalties. We'll be working with the community to set the degree of consequence from PvP involving these structures and fine tuning the variables over time.
Future Upgrades
We have lots of ideas of how to expand this basic system over time. We can offer several varieties of Smallhold structures. We can offer various decorations. It may be possible that player-character crafted objects can interact with a purchased building (like buying a paint kit from another character, for example).
We have ideas on ways you can improve a basic structure to expand its capabilities and add new capabilities. Maybe you will be able to hire an NPC Thornguard to keep watch, for example.
Of course we'd like to have interior spaces you can decorate, with furniture, display cases, trophies, etc. Allowing players to enter the Smallholds, interact within them, and customize them extensively is a part of our road map for developing this feature.
Available Now!
Players can purchase Base Camps for $50, and Smallholdings for $200 now in the Goblinworks Shop!
Sydney (AFP) – Seven percent of Catholic priests were accused of abusing children in Australia between 1950 and 2010 but the allegations were never investigated, “shocking and indefensible” data showed Monday during an inquiry into paedophilia in the church.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse heard that 4,444 alleged incidents of pedophilia were reported to church authorities and in some dioceses, more than 15 percent of priests were perpetrators.
Australia ordered the Royal Commission in 2012 after a decade of growing pressure to investigate allegations of child abuse across the country, with the inquiry now in its final phase after four years of hearings.
“Between 1950 and 2010, overall seven percent of priests were alleged perpetrators,” said Gail Furness, the lawyer leading questioning at the inquiry in Sydney.
“The accounts were depressingly similar. Children were ignored or worse, punished. Allegations were not investigated. Priests and religious (figures) were moved,” they added.
“The parishes or communities to which they were moved knew nothing of their past. Documents were not kept or they were destroyed. Secrecy prevailed as did cover ups.”
The average age of the victims at the time was 10 for girls and 11 for boys.
Of the 1,880 alleged perpetrators, 90 percent were men.
The St John of God Brothers religious order was the worst, with just over 40 percent of members accused of abuse.
The commission has spoken to thousands of survivors and heard claims of child abuse involving churches, orphanages, sporting clubs, youth groups and schools.
The church in Australia set up the Truth, Justice and Healing Council to coordinate its response.
“These numbers are shocking, they are tragic, they are indefensible,” its chief executive Francis Sullivan told the commission.
“This data, along with all we have heard over the past four years, can only be interpreted for what it is: a massive failure on the part of the Catholic Church in Australia to protect children from abusers.
“As Catholics we hang our heads in shame.”
The inquiry has embroiled Australia's most senior Catholic cleric George Pell, now the Vatican's finance chief, who was questioned over their dealings with paedophile priests in Victoria state in the 1970s.
Pell was also accused of historic sex abuse claims when they were the Catholic Archbishop of Sydney in 2002, but was later cleared of any wrongdoing. They have denied all allegations.
Since being set up, the commission has made over 300 referrals to police but so far there have only been 27 prosecutions with 75 cases pending.
Subscription to services: should services be served through GOA, or directly through this app? Intuitively I'd say to use the app, because it's often specific services, but if more generic services start to propose RSS & Atom subscription, this would be easier to use GOA.
Podcasts: there are three possible places for podcasts: 1. specific app (like GPodder), 2. some audio/video library (like iTunes does), in a feeds reader. First need the user to think about downloading podcasts (I almost never do, which means that I have to download them when I want to listen to them: that's long and boring). Second is better for people who often listen music/watch videos, but not for other people. Plus it's unintuitive and irrelevant (it's like opening a book for reading the news: nonsense). Last is more interesting because it's related (podcasts are feeds) and people often read news (so they open the app and podcasts will download without we have to think about it. That's why I think that podcasts should definitely be part of GNOME News.
Share Email 0 Shares
This commentary is by Emily Amanna, Stuart Savel and Rick Veitch. Amanna, of Athens, is a sustainable farmer and Vermont Homegrown organizer; Savel, of Brattleboro, is a co-founder of Vermont Homegrown; and Veitch, of West Townshend, is a Vermont medical marijuana patient and co-founder of Vermont Homegrown. This is a letter to the Vermont Senate.
With a marijuana legalization bill being pushed through the Legislature this year, what has been obscured is the impact this current bill would have on existing local economies.
Get all of VTDigger's daily news. You'll never miss a story with our daily headlines in your inbox.
The recent Rand report estimated annual consumption of marijuana in Vermont at up to 55,000 pounds. The report fails to define where all that marijuana comes from. While it is certain some is imported from other states, it is also a given that a large percentage of the marijuana currently consumed in Vermont is grown locally.
While proponents of the current bill often portray these local growers as part of a fiendish “black market,” in truth it is better described as a neighborhood market that has developed organically in our communities thanks to the hard work and perseverance of our friends and neighbors. If anything, the availability of locally grown high quality marijuana in Vermont has stifled markets for the real black marketeers trying to import cartel products. The Rand report estimates this economy at upwards of $225 million a year. To put that number in perspective: Vermont's craft beer industry is currently pegged at $200 million and the maple syrup industry at $50 million. So it is clear, the marijuana economy is currently very important to the welfare of many Vermonters.
It is our belief that most of the cannabis currently cultivated in Vermont is for personal use. But many small growers give, sell or barter their excess to their friends and neighbors. If they make some money they spend it locally, to pay their taxes, fix their cars and maybe to buy Christmas presents for the kids.
These home growers are spread throughout the state,. Through their hard work and passion these home growers have created a substantial part of the estimated $225 million market. So it is important to understand that the current legalization bill working its way through the Legislature will continue to brand these home growers as criminals. Worse, 25 percent of the tax revenue in the bill is earmarked to law enforcement in order to protect the proposed state regulated monopoly.
But even more devastating is how the current bill, as written, envisions transferring this $225 million per year out of our most at-risk local economies and into the hands of a small number of state licensed growers. What are our public servants thinking?
Many small growers give, sell or barter their excess to their friends and neighbors. If they make some money they spend it locally, to pay their taxes, fix their cars and maybe to buy Christmas presents for the kids. VTDigger is underwritten by:
On one hand they seem to be blinded by decades of lies and propaganda aimed at demonizing cannabis and those who grow it. On the other, the governor and the Legislature are clearly going against the needs of local communities in favor of larger scale businesses. Have they forgotten the basic fact that raising everyone's income will generate more growth and tax revenue than by making a few rich people richer?
Certainly the lessons of history are being ignored. No matter what draconian penalties the Legislature threatens its citizens with, Vermont home growers, used to decades of living a Robin Hood existence, will continue to outwit the Sheriff of Nottingham and their men and grow for their personal, social and medical use. They will go on, providing the large industrial growers of the state-run monopoly with competition in quality, price and purity.
A more intelligent solution for everyone involved is a bill that, instead of threatening Vermonters, harnesses all their talent and passion. It would recognize that our land and climate are eminently suitable to growing this valuable crop that is renewable and sustainable. Instead of trying to rub out the part of the local economy with helicopters and more police, it should leverage it, substantially increasing tax revenue and lowering law enforcement costs.
The only losers under a fair and intelligent law will be the 1 percent of Vermonters who most benefit from the bill currently before the Legislature. Instead of being given the crony catbird seats, they should be considered equal to all other Vermonters.
The legalization of marijuana in Vermont is a once in a lifetime chance to make a powerful economic opportunity available to all; not just a few. A wise and fair bill would bring Vermont home cultivators into the light rather than relegating them to the shadows. It will leave the wealth being currently generated right where it belongs, in our local communities. It would recognize that the new businesses would be locally accountable to the community and its youth.
We know how difficult it is to change a bill after it has passed. Our medical marijuana program was passed 12 years ago, and our veterans still can't use it for PTSD. We must get it right the first time.
Freedom-loving, egalitarian Vermonters expect you to craft a bill that keeps and creates local jobs. A bill that would include small producers, cottage and family owned businesses in this new $200 million market. A bill that does not limit the number of any licenses. A bill that does not punish Vermonters for growing marijuana for their personal, social and medical use. A bill that allows Vermonters to develop Vermont brand artisanal products from their homes, and bring them to market, and sell directly to their customers. This would be the right way. We urge you to vote for your neighbors not against them. Do not support a monopolist bill.
ASU running back Jason Lewis carries the ball during an ASU football scrimmage at Camp Tontozona in the Tonto National Forest outside of Payson on August 15, 2015. (Photo: David Wallace/azcentral sports)
Jason Lewis, one of the key recruits in Arizona State's 2015 recruiting class, has announced their intention to leave the program.
A 6-3, 249-pound running back from Virginia Beach, Va., Lewis has been a fan favorite ever since they arrived on campus. The former four-star high school prospect, however, had a difficult time getting on the field. This year they were ASU's fourth-team running back, stuck behind junior Demario Richard, junior Kalen Ballage and redshirt-first-year student Nick Ralston. Lewis didn't make the dress list for several games, but contributed on special teams in others.
GET THE ASU APP: iPhone | Android
Earlier this month, coach Todd Graham moved Lewis to defense, where they practiced at linebacker. Lewis announced their decision on their Twitter account:
"This is something that has been on my mind for well over the past months so this is not out of the blue," they wrote. "I will not be attending Arizona State University once semester is over. I am thankful for the whole staff. Coach Graham, Coach (Tim) Cassidy, and Coach (John) Simon all have helped me become a better person. More than just football. More into my faith and everything. I wish nothing (but) the best for everyone on the staff. I am going to miss all the players on the team. These are relationships that will last a lifetime and I am happy to call you guys my friends. My reason for leaving is not any bad blood between people or anything. I just believe I didn't fit into the system. I felt I could best be used at a school where I fit in and will be used well. I will end up wherever God feels I should call home. Thanks."
Contact Doug Haller at 602-444-4949 or at doug.haller@arizonarepublic.com. Follow them on Twitter.
One of the most surprising recent moments in U.S.-China relations arrived last September in Washington D.C. when Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping told reporters they'd reached a deal to end state-supported hacking of corporate records for economic benefit.
Why would China agree to give up an activity that appeared to have been a crucial part of its economic strategy? Based on recent observations of Chinese hacking activity and the country's recent economic plans, analysts at U.S.-based cybersecurity firm FireEye have a provocative theory: that Mr. Xi accepted the pact in part because Chinese officials had already begun to sour on conventional cybertheft.
The basis for the theory, says William Glass, a threat intelligence analyst at FireEye, is the economic vision outlined in China's recently released 13th Five-Year Plan and other development blueprints. Those plans call for China to evolve beyond being the world's factory by building up advanced industries like artificial intelligence, biotechnology and online services that require a high-level of human skill and creativity in addition to technology.
While stealing and copying foreign designs makes sense in many conventional industries, Mr. Glass says, “for something that's more complex or advanced, simply replicating what you steal through cyberespionage is maybe not as useful.”
Rather than hack foreign firms, they add, Chinese companies “might decide they are better off partnering with foreign firms, or even acquiring them outright.”
Mr. Glass's hypothesis comes amid feverish Chinese M&A activity and increased pressure on foreign companies in China to cooperate with local partners in exchange for market access. The total value of Chinese-led purchases of U.S. companies hit $23 billion by mid-February this year, breaking the full-year record of $20.5 billion set in 2015. Those figures don't count failed deals, like a rejected Chinese bid for Fairchild Semiconductor, or cooperative projects involving the likes of IBM and Qualcomm.
And while the picture is still murky, some government officials and security firms say Chinese state-sponsored hacking groups -- also known as advanced persistent threat, or APT, groups -- have cut back their activities. U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told Congress in March there had been “some reduction” in Chinese hacking. FireEye, meanwhile, says that none of the 22 Chinese APT groups it tracks are actively attacking U.S. companies.
Many analysts believe Mr. Xi agreed to last September's deal because they were spooked by the threat of U.S. sanctions against Chinese companies that have benefited from cybertheft. That doesn't necessarily conflict with Mr. Glass's theory. If Beijing sees fewer benefits from hacking, then it would be even less willing to face the risk of sanctions.
None of this means Chinese hacking will stop, Mr. Glass says: Instead, hackers might instead start stealing financial and other information that could help companies in M&A negotiations.
In the past several years, FireEye tracked China-based hacking efforts aimed at two companies that were reportedly talking about a merger, they say. The security firm also discovered Chinese hacking activity at a company where executive emails, financial statements and insurance policies were stolen.
In the latter case, Mr. Glass says, an acquisition eventually was completed, “though we do not know the impact the stolen material had on the merger decision-making.” They didn't identify the companies or where they were located.
The theory has its skeptics. With Chinese economic growth slowing, it's reasonable to assume state-sponsored hackers would want to grab as much intellectual property as they can, not just deal-related information, says Adam Segal, an expert on China and cybersecurity at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Hacking for M&A would also require a high-level of understanding of markets on the part both of those directing the attacks and the operators rummaging around inside a company's systems, according to Mr. Segal. “Maybe there are lots of unemployed MBAs now working for the People's Liberation Army, but wouldn't that be something the intelligence community could track?” they say.
FireEye has reported disappointing earnings in recent quarters -- a result it has blamed on improved relations between China and the U.S.
On Tuesday, the company announced the launch of a new “rapid service” for M&A deals that, according to a press release, can help companies assess “the level of cybersecurity risk present in the acquisition that could drive decisions.” A FireEye spokesperson said the company has seen M&A-related attacks for some time, including from an English-speaking group it identified targeting Wall Street in 2014.
--Josh Chin. Follow them on Twitter @joshchin.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 17/8/2017 (558 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The chairperson of city council's parks committee says staff might have to standardize new rules for pool use after St. Boniface residents had to wait in the sun over the weekend when the outdoor Happyland pool was short-staffed.
Coun. Mike Pagtakhan (Point Douglas) said unexpected staffing shortages are to be expected, so pool supervisors should follow the system adopted at the city's Freight House pool on Isabel Street.
Pagtakhan said the neighbourhood demand at the Freight House regularly outpaces the pool capacity and the available number of lifeguards. The solution in those situations is that people take turns using the pool.
“They let people in for a bit, 35 minutes, then they clear the pool with those people getting back in line and the next group goes in,” Pagtakhan said. “That's what they have to do sometimes when it gets pretty overwhelming. People are pretty understanding. It works at Freight House.”
Hillary Clinton's defeat in the 2016 presidential election won't halt House Republicans' probe of their private email server, an investigation that could bring "a lot of other characters" into congressional crosshairs, according to the top GOP investigator.
"This was never a political targeting in the beginning and just because there was a political election doesn't mean it goes away," House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters Monday. "There were a lot of other characters that were involved in this that we have to look at."
Their review will encompass an array of figures, ranging from Clinton's ousted team to incumbent leaders of the FBI.
"This was potentially one of the largest breaches of security in the history of the State Department," they said. "It cannot and should never be repeated again. How is it that so much information was able to migrate out into the world? These are still open questions that we need to finish up so that they don't happen again."
Chaffetz wants to review the security clearances of Clinton aides who helped manage the "extremely careless" email process described by FBI Director James Comey. Chaffetz said they are inclined to hold Bryan Pagliano, a key Clinton IT aide, in contempt of Congress for flouting subpoenas last year. "You can't just get a subpoena from Congress to testify and not show up," they said.
The Utah Republican wants to target more senior officials, such as State Department Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, in light of FBI suggestions that they tried to set up a "quid pro quo" with the FBI to suppress revelations that Clinton's email server held classified information.
FBI leadership could also be a live target of the review, as Republicans are troubled that Va. Gov Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons, made campaign donations to the wife of Andrew McCabe, the agency's second-in-command. "I'm very concerned about the straight-up conflict of interest that Mr. McCabe had," Chaffetz said. "That's something we'll continue to spend resources on."
Trump regularly led "lock their up" chants on the campaign trail, but Chaffetz hinted that the collaboration might not be as automatic as the party registration of Trump and the lawmakers might suggest. "It depends on how cooperative the administration is going to be. We're going to work with [White House General Counsel Don] McGahn and [incoming] Attorney General Sessions and others to see what sort of documents and what sort of access we're going to be allowed."
Even if the White House does sign off, Chaffetz suggested that lower level State Department officials might hamper the probe. "We're still dealing with the massive bureaucracy; changing the secretary of state doesn't necessarily change the whole bureaucracy," Chaffetz said. "I don't want this to linger, but the reason we're still talking about it now is because stuff that we've been asking for since 2010 still hasn't arrived."
Do you get a lot of questions when you bring Convention of States up in conversations? I recently read a couple articles about Article V that help me give clearer answers.
The first was by Michael Farris and answers many JBS (John Birch Society) questions about Article V. The second was by Common Cause and describes what they see as a threat posed by Article V.
There is quite a bit of reading (38 pages) that many will find too time-consuming. If you are interested in the original articles, the links above will take you to them. I found both of them to be well worth my time as a basis for this post.
Is our Constitution at risk of being totally rewritten?
A common theme of many internet posts on Article V is that the process of the states proposing amendments is very scary, or even an outright dangerous process, that opens the entire Constitution to being rewritten.
In fact the article by Common Cause clearly states, “The result of such a convention could be a complete overhaul of the Constitution…”
Nothing could be farther from the truth.
A careful reading of Article V discloses that there is no difference between amendments made by Congress and those made by the states. Both entities require a two-thirds majority to propose an amendment. Amendments put forth by either are required to be ratified by three-quarters of the States. In both cases, the mode of ratification is chosen by Congress.
However, there is one major difference. The states must submit applications to Congress requesting an Article V convention. Once Congress receives applications from two-thirds of the states, they decide whether or not the applications aggregate (that is, whether they are asking for the same thing).
Once it is determined that they aggregate, Article V states, “Congress shall call a convention for proposing amendments.”
Note the specific language: “Congress shall call a convention for proposing amendments.” That means the people selected by the state to attend the convention are limited in scope to proposing amendments, period.
They are also limited to amendments within the scope of the application. The resolution submitted by the South Carolina House can be read by following this link: H 3233.
Notably, there are no such restrictions on what Congress may propose. Article V simply states, “...Congress, whenever two-thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments...”
Congress is answerable to no one in this regard. The only restraint on what they propose is the fact that their proposals must go through the ratification process by three-quarters of the states.
It should be clear to anyone who reads Article V that it does not open up the Constitution to radical changes. Neither Congress nor the states have the power for “complete overhaul of the Constitution” as stated in the Common Cause article. That comment is just smoke and mirrors designed to place fear and doubt into the hearts and minds of people who have not studied the issue.
The sole purpose of Article V is to allow Congress, or two-thirds of the states, to propose amendments to the Constitution. In no way does it suggest that anything beyond proposing amendments is even possible under the article.
Yet many of the posts use the term "constitutional convention" as a method of misleading the readers to picture a rewriting of the Constitution.
One must keep in mind the clear purpose of Article V is to amend the Constitution, not to rewrite it, or any part of it.
Outright lies like the one above (a complete overhaul of the Constitution) are used by people and/or organizations who desire to fight against something when they do not have facts to back up their position.
At that point, almost any plausible-sounding lie can be used in place of a reasonable argument, because the uninformed do not recognize it as a lie. If they hear it repeated often enough, it becomes believed through repetition.
What are the safeguards?
Another common theme among many posts is that there may be a "runaway convention" in which amendments get proposed that are not part of the resolution calling for the convention.
There are two salient points about this.
The states adopt the subject matter of the convention in advance by submitting an application to Congress, and that application is binding. Before a proposed amendment (no matter who proposes it) can become part of the Constitution, it must be ratified by three-quarters of the states.
According to Farris, “It takes an incredibly wild imagination to believe that delegates appointed by the state legislators would defy their given agenda, and then, after an open rebellion, the state legislators in both houses of [three-quarters of] the states would ratify an errant amendment.”
So, just how big is the Constitution anyway?
A hard copy of the original Constitution with all twenty-seven amendments and the Declaration of Independence is reprinted on 39 pages measuring 3.25 by 6.5 inches and weighing in at less than one ounce. It can easily be carried in a shirt pocket.
Compare that with the Constitution we are following today. It is a behemoth weighing over nine pounds and contains references to nearly 8,000 Supreme Court cases. The hardbound copy can be obtained from the government printing office at a cost of $145.
When the Supreme Court decides to accept a case, the Annotated Constitution is the one used to decide the case, not the original Constitution and its amendments. So if your fear is of our Constitution being rewritten, that is already happening. That is why it is so important that we support Convention of States.
COS is a grassroots organization founded for the specific purpose of educating state legislators about the truth contained in Article V so they will support a resolution to hold the first-ever Article V amendments convention.
COS believes that in order for the states to regain the sovereignty written into the Constitution, we must propose amendments in the following three areas:
1. Federal fiscal responsibility
2. Restraint of federal power and overreach
3. Term limits for federal officials
COS also believes amendments in any one of these areas alone will not be strong enough to regain control over the federal government. It will take well-designed proposals in all three areas.
Without your support, our republic is in serious jeopardy of ending up on the trash heap of failed governments.
Please go to conventionofstates.com now. Get informed and get involved.
A 37-year-old woman was forced to sit on animal faeces and consume urine, and brutally beaten by family members in Bartua village, 18 km from Ranchi.
Sumitra Devi, an anganwadi sevika, was rescued by police on Tuesday and admitted to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS). They suffered injuries on their head and waist from the beating and stomach ailments from urine consumption.
“On Sunday a cow fell sick and in the evening my two brothersin law and their wives, locked me in a room,” Devi told HT on Wednesday
“They shouted muth pilao, daain bahar ayegi (make their drink urine, the witch will come out). I sat on faeces as they poured urine in my mouth,” added Devi, who remained locked till they were rescued on Tuesday.
Family members held Devi's witchcraft responsible for the death of six buffaloes in 10 months, said Ormanjhi police. Devi's husband, Dhaneshwar Ganju, said, “I was in Ranchi and returned late on Monday night. I confronted my brothers. On Tuesday morning an FIR was lodged and Devi was rescued.”
Dhaneshwar, a tiller, said that Devi would have been killed had they not reached on time. “I am the poorest among my siblings. They blame us for everything.”
“Devi's brothers-in-law, Mahesh Ganju and Ganesh Ganju, have been arrested under the Prevention of Witch Practices Act and for assault,” said Ormanjhi station-in-charge Sanjay Kumar.
Jila Parsihad chairperson Sundari Tirkey said that Devi is lucky to have survived such an incident.
Last Saturday, a similar incident had created a stir when five women were accused of witchcraft and killed by the villagers in Jharkhand's Mandar block.
Jharkhand's social welfare department shows that at least 1,046 women have been accused of witchcraft and killed since 1995.
Despite numerous awareness programmes by the government, Jharkhand police records show a gradual increase in the number of such killings- 36 in 2012, 54 in 2013 and 56 in 2014.
First Published: Aug 13, 2015 10:22 IST
Many Democrats flipped their shiznit when the DCCC said they would begin funding Democrats who support life. Of course the media reported it as ‘Democrats who oppose abortion rights' but we're used to them framing this argument in a totally f'd up way.
Seems Rosie is a tad unhappy with funding prolife.
Just a tad.
WOMEN SHOULD FORM OUR OWN PARTY IF DEMS DO THIS #dontYOUdare https://t.co/wxYyEaGn3V — ROSIE (@Rosie) August 1, 2017
Because Democrats don't have enough problems already … sure, fracture the party because some Democrats are prolife.
Seems accurate for progressives.
Throwing women, women's healthcare & reproductive choices under the bus seems quite easy for Dem leadership, no? https://t.co/D692g5RFvE pic.twitter.com/3bQajogxvE — Kausik (@kausikdatta22) August 1, 2017
Abortion isn't women's healthcare.
fight the men who want to take away womens rights IN OUR OWN PARTY? fuck them for even considering it – seriously – #IStandWithPP https://t.co/xCW6WTTID7 — ROSIE (@Rosie) August 1, 2017
When will progressive women figure out that it's not only men who fight against abortion and in fact many, many women despise it?
Seems no time soon, which means they'll just keep losing elections all over the country. Clearly the DCCC sees an issue if they would fund prolife Democrats at this point.
Oh and sorry but please spare us Rosie, that you care about women when you rt things like this:
Awful.
Keep it up, 2020 Trump says thanks.
Related:
Set phasers to DERP: Gizmodo writer calls William Shatner fascist for not taking any sh*t from SJWs
OUCH! James Woods has NO sympathy for Michelle Obama and their ‘struggles' as FLOTUS
Picking up the pieces: Archaeologists unearth 2,000-year-old mosaic depicting the Greek god Apollo surrounded by muses
A 2,000-year-old mosaic in Rome depicting the Greek god Apollo has been unearthed by archaeologists near the Colosseum.
Excavations in the bowels of an ancient Roman hill have turned up the well-preserved, late 1st century wall mosaic with a figure of Apollo, nude except for a colourful mantle over a shoulder and surrounded by muses.
The mosaic-covered wall is 16metres (53ft) wide and at least two metres (6.6ft) high. Officials think the wall continues down some eight metres (26.5ft) more.
Ancient: A worker restores part of a mosaic mural depicting Apollo and the Muses found at an archaeological site under the Terme di Traiano in Rome
Work of art: Excavations in the bowels of the ancient Roman hill have turned up the well-preserved, late 1st Century wall mosaic with a figure of Apollo, naked except for a colourful mantle over a shoulder
Archaeologists say the wall appears to be in a tunnel built to help support Trajan's Baths, named for the emperor who ruled from 98 till 117. The mosaic apparently embellished a room where wealthy Romans gathered to hear music and discuss art.
The parts of the mosaic uncovered so far are made with various shades of bronze-coloured tesserae and were found shortly after a number of unique frescoes were unearthed in the same cellar space.
Archaeologists say the wall appears to be in a tunnel built to help support Trajan's Baths, named for the emperor who ruled from 98 till 117
Archaeologists are hoping there are more mosaics to be uncovered and have said they need an extra 680,000 euros to finish the excavation.
Archaeologists say the wall appears to be in a tunnel built to help support Trajan's Baths, named for the emperor who ruled from 98 till 117
Discovery: The mosaic apparently embellished a room where wealthy Romans gathered to hear music and discuss art
Son of Zeus and Leto, Apollo was the god of light and the sun, truth and prophecy, medicine, healing, plague, music, poetry, arts and more.
They were an illigitimate child - Zeus was married to Hera - and their mother was banished to an island to give birth alone.
Apollo later fought in the Trojan war where they shot arrows infected with the plague into the Greek encampment and was responsible for the death of Achilles by firing an arrow into their heels.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Former jobseeker Emma Sparham: "After a spate of negative things happening I lost all my hair"
As many as three quarters of a million young people in the UK may feel that they have nothing to live for, a study for the Prince's Trust charity claims.
The trust says almost a third of long-term unemployed young people have contemplated taking their own lives.
Urgent action must be taken to prevent the young jobless becoming the young hopeless, it says.
The government commented that it was doing "everything possible" to help young people find work.
Last month, figures from the Office for National Statistics showed the UK unemployment rate had fallen to its lowest level since 2009, with the number of people out of work falling by 99,000 to 2.39 million in the three months to October.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Chris Newell talks to Michael Buchanan: "I had nothing to wake up for... I felt worthless"
Chris Newell's story Excluded from school at the age of 14, Chris had no qualifications. They were applying for 10 jobs a week but did not even get responses. They turned to drink and drugs and at the age of 20, tried to take their own life. "I just got into a cycle of staying in bed because I had nothing to wake up for. Then I began noticing my mental health getting worse and worse. I became depressed and anxious. When I went out in public it got to the point where I felt paranoid and edgy around people. "And I think that's all because I didn't have a routine and structure, because I think that's important in a lot of people's lives, to have something to wake up for in the morning, to have something to live for. I just felt horrible about myself. "I were suicidal at times coz I felt worthless and it just went on and on and I weren't getting anywhere. I took a load of tablets and thankfully I'm still here. But at the time I didn't think that, 'cause I were at an all-time low, I was at rock bottom for a long time. And being out of work, you know, contributed to that." But after attending a course run by the Prince's Trust, Chris built up their self-confidence and gained new skills and qualifications. Now 23, they work in a residential home for young people and is studying towards a youth worker level 2 qualification.
'Devastating'
The Prince's Trust Macquarie Youth Index was based on interviews with 2,161 16 to 25-year-olds. Of these, 281 were classified as Neet (not in employment, education or training) and 166 of these Neets had been unemployed for over six months.
The report found 9% of all respondents agreed with the statement: "I have nothing to live for" and said if 9% of all youngsters felt the same, it would equate to some 751,230 young people feeling they had nothing to live for.
Among those respondents classified as Neet, the percentage of those agreeing with the statement rose to 21%.
The research found that long-term unemployed young people were more than twice as likely as their peers to have been prescribed anti-depressants.
One in three (32%) had contemplated suicide, while one in four (24%) had self-harmed.
The report found 40% of jobless young people had faced symptoms of mental illness, including suicidal thoughts, feelings of self-loathing and panic attacks, as a direct result of unemployment.
Three quarters of long-term unemployed young people (72%) did not have someone to confide in, the study found.
Martina Milburn, chief executive of the Prince's Trust, said: "Unemployment is proven to cause devastating, long-lasting mental health problems among young people.
"Thousands wake up every day believing that life isn't worth living, after struggling for years in the dole queue.
"More than 440,000 young people are facing long-term unemployment, and it is these young people that urgently need our help.
"If we fail to act, there is a real danger that these young people will become hopeless, as well as jobless."
Wage incentives
A spokesperson for the Department for Work and Pension said the government was "doing everything possible" to help young people into work and that there were currently 106,000 fewer young people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance than there were in 2010.
"Through the youth contract, we've hugely increased the number of work experience placements and apprenticeships to give young people the support they need to find a job," the spokesperson said.
"By offering employers wage incentives worth up to £2,275 we are helping businesses to take them on.
"The work programme has also helped more than 74,000 young people escape long-term unemployment and find lasting work."
The Prince's Trust was set up by Prince Charles in 1976 to help disadvantaged young people.
It supports 13 to 30 year-olds who are unemployed and those struggling at school and at risk of exclusion.
KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's war is inflicting an increasingly devastating toll on the civilian population, with the number of casualties rising by almost a quarter in the first half of this year, the United Nations said in a report on Wednesday.
People look at a cracked side window of a bus which was damaged at bomb blasts in Kabul June 6, 2014. AbREUTERS/Ahmad Masood
U.S.-led forces are gradually withdrawing from military bases scattered across Afghanistan after 12 years of war against Taliban insurgents, contributing to deteriorating security, with civilians bearing the brunt of the violence.
The U.N. report comes out as a political crisis unfolds in Afghanistan, threatening civil unrest on top of the insurgency as supporters of the two presidential candidates go head-to-head over the result of a presidential run-off.
Preliminary results announced on Monday gave Ashraf Ghani, a former World Bank official, 56.44 percent in the run-off on June 14, but their rival Abdullah Abdullah immediately rejected the outcome, saying the vote had been marred by widespread fraud.
Abdullah's supporters rallied in Kabul on Tuesday, demanding they form a parallel government. Washington responded forcefully, warning it would withdraw financial and security support from Afghanistan if anyone tried to take power illegally.
The United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said ground combat was the leading cause of conflict-related deaths and injuries to Afghan civilians, with child casualties more than doubling in the first six months of 2014.
It said two-thirds more women were killed and wounded in ground combat compared with the same period of 2013.
“The nature of the conflict in Afghanistan is changing in 2014 with an escalation of ground engagements in civilian-populated areas,” said U.N. Special Representative for the Secretary-General in Afghanistan and head of UNAMA, Jan Kubis.
“The impact on civilians, including the most vulnerable Afghans, is proving to be devastating.”
It said that from Jan. 1 to June 30 it documented 4,853 civilian casualties, up 24 percent from the same period in 2013. The death toll included 1,564 civilian deaths, up 17 percent, and 3,289 injuries, up 28 percent.
Total child casualties jumped 34 percent to 1,071, including 295 killed and 776 injured, while total women casualties increased 24 percent to 440, it said.
The period has seen more fighting in densely populated areas as foreign forces pull out from most regions, with injuries caused by mortars, rocket-propelled grenades and small arms fire jumping dramatically in the first half of this year.
The rise in casualties comes despite repeated promises by the Taliban leadership not to target civilians. Yet, the report said the Taliban carried out 69 attacks deliberately targeting civilians, including tribal elders and government officials.
“In 2014, the fight is increasingly taking place in communities, public places and near the homes of ordinary Afghans, with death and injury to women and children in a continued disturbing upward spiral,” said Director of Human Rights for UNAMA Georgette Gagnon.
“More efforts are needed to protect civilians from the harms of conflict and to ensure accountability for those deliberately and indiscriminately killing them.”
In the run up to its first party congress since 1980, the North Korean government increased its drive to develop nuclear weapons, raising tensions in the region. This has alarmed and angered neighbouring countries, and particularly China, whose president Xi Jinping made clear at a recent conference that China will not tolerate chaos on the Korean peninsula.
At the same time, many outsiders suggest that Beijing's close relationship with Pyongyang means that China has a crucial role in reining in North Korea – and that it could do so if it really wanted to.
US President Barack Obama called on China to increase its pressure on North Korea, after North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un hailed a submarine-launched ballistic missile test as an “eye-opening success”. A few days later, Obama's aspiring successor Donald Trump vowed to push China to take more responsibility for North Korea if they make it to the White House. China could be pushed to do so, they suggested, if the US threatened to otherwise plunge China into recession by withdrawing American business.
Mr Trump may or may not be right that the Beijing leadership is dragging its feet on North Korea. But if they are, what are the reasons why the Chinese leadership might act in this way?
To try and understand this, it's not enough to think about the national interests of the Chinese state; it's also crucial to think about the political interests of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) itself.
The days are long gone when the CCP could claim to represent the interests of China's revolutionary classes. It abandoned any pretence of this in the early 2000s under the last president, Jiang Zemin, whose “Three Represents” policy explicitly incorporated bourgeois and capitalist classes into the party. The government now claims to represent instead the “overwhelming majority of the Chinese people”.
This is a concession to political reality: to retain the general population's consent to one-party rule, the CCP leadership has come to rely on the twin forces of economic growth and nationalism.
Stability and growth
The party's main source of legitimacy is economic growth, the rationale being that China's people will accept the Communist Party's grip on power as long as their living standards continue to improve. That growth is dependent on a peaceful East Asia.
This is a key reason why China backed significant new UN sanctions against North Korea, despite being one of its neighbour's few allies. President Xi reinforced that message in a speech to regional foreign ministers on the eve of Pyongyang's party congress: “As a close neighbour of the peninsula, we will absolutely not permit war or chaos on the peninsula. This situation would not benefit anyone.”
But even putting stability aside, a range of other scenarios on the Korean peninsula could jeopardise Chinese growth. North Korea is an important source of the high-grade coal that powers Chinese industry, which is in turn the foundation of its international trade. Beijing appears to have implemented the sanctions by banning imports of North Korean coal, but it remains to be seen whether widespread smuggling will continue as it has in the past.
China is responsible for buying about 90% of the north's exports, and cutting off that income stream could greatly exacerbate the already terrible poverty and famine that blight North Koreans' lives. The result could be a wave of destitute North Korean refugees. There's little doubt where they would head – and Beijing knows that dealing with a refugee crisis is not cheap.
It is therefore little surprise that while Beijing is very annoyed with Pyongyang's unpredictable sabre-rattling, it still opts for caution and moderation.
Image management
North Korea is also a threat to the party's other main source of legitimacy: popular nationalism, an unwieldy tool that can easily be turned against its users.
The key to keeping nationalist opinion on the regime's side has been the cultivation of an image of benevolent leadership, both at home and abroad. Such an image can help counter the so-called “China threat theory”, a school of thought that views China as a risk to the international order, and can help turn global popular opinion in Beijing's favour. That can in turn boost both international trade and the Chinese people's pride in their considerate leadership.
To preserve this reputation, Beijing needs to present itself as the good and peaceful alternative to meddling Western powers, particularly a bellicose and interventionist US. But on this point, it seems to have expended a good deal of capital.
The worst factor is the long-running diplomatic tussle over contested areas of the South China Sea, where Beijing is engaged in a territorial dispute with a number of its neighbours. These projects have provoked China's neighbours, and made many afraid that China is setting out on a more assertive and expansionist path. Beijing claims that the massive runways it has built on tiny islands are for civilian purposes, and blames the US for militarising the sea, but onlookers are unconvinced.
The Chinese Communist Party therefore has good reason to tread carefully in its North Korea policy, and to refrain as far as possible from anything perceived as the sort of pernicious meddling for which Pyongyang is always condemning Washington. Xi Jinping and their government know that happens in North Korea might not only decide the security and prosperity of the Chinese state and its people, but that it might also determine the fate of the Chinese regime itself.
Livestream courtesy of CNET.com
f/1.8 lens and a laser auto focus system. Like the rest of the Android flock, LG too is jumping on the selfie bandwagon, and will be offering an 8-megapixel front camera with the G4. The The LG G4, like the LG G3 and G2 before it, is shaping up to be among the best that this year will see. We've got a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display with a Quad HD resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels, a hexa-core Snapdragon 808 chipset (apparently), 3GB of RAM, and an impressive-sounding, 16-megapixel rear-mounted camera with super-wide,lens and a laser auto focus system. Like the rest of the Android flock, LG too is jumping on the selfie bandwagon, and will be offering an 8-megapixel front camera with the G4. The phone will be powered by a 3,000 mAh battery and LG's new UX 4.0 interface, based on Android 5.0 Lollipop.
Months have come and gone, and here we are, still thinking and talking about the LG G4. Seeing as the South Korea-based company is less than half a day away from getting on stage to announce its new flagship, we suspect that we'll be kicking things into an even higher gear quite soon.
The inspector general for the CIA conducted a review of whether the agency was keeping information secret that should be public and found “no instances of over-classification.”
The Reducing Over-Classification Act, signed into law on October 7, 2010, requires the inspector general for each United States department or agency with an officer who makes classification decisions to evaluate whether information is being appropriately classified. The inspector general is also to assess policies, procedures, rules, regulations, etc, to reduce “persistent misclassification of material.” This is to be done in “consultation” with the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and the Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO).
Through the Freedom of Information Act, The Huffington Post obtained a copy [PDF] of the CIA inspector general's report on classification of information at the agency, which is dated September 26, 2013.
“We found no instances of over-classification in the sample of [REDACTED] finished intelligence reports that we reviewed,” the report indicates, with no awareness of the bitter irony of the statement. (Note: Either the CIA cannot risk America's adversaries learning how many “finished intelligence reports” were reviewed because they might use this detail for some terrorist algorithm for their next plot or else this should probably be considered information that the agency has over-classified.)
The report goes on to note that a CIA “self-inspection report” has a section of the report for “addressing security violations” and “states that the number of violations by CIA employees continues to be relatively low.” The report “does not cite the number of security violations that occurred” in 2012. It does not say whether the number of violations increased or decreased “over previous years.”
Also, the CIA “chose not to evaluate declassification actions” in this report but provided “no explanation for that decision.” In other words, it did not bother to inspect whether it is appropriately declassifying information that should not be kept secret.
All the recommendations in the inspector general report are censored. They all address how the CIA can better mark information that the agency classifies and for some unclear reason that is sensitive information that if released would help the terrorists win.
Nobody, except for current and former officials in President Barack Obama's administration, would dare claim that the CIA is not improperly classifying or over-classifying secrets.
When Jeffery Scudder was a CIA employee working in the office that reviews the agency's historical files, the Washington Post reported they “discovered a stack of articles, hundreds of histories of long-dormant conflicts and operations that they concluded were still being stored in secret years after they should have been shared with the public.”
Scudder submitted a FOIA request. CIA supervisors confronted him, accused them of “mishandling classified information while assembling their FOIA request,” had the FBI raid their house and seize their family's computers, fired him, revoked their security clearance and made them agree to retire or, if they refused, they would lose most of their pension.
They pressed on with their FOIA and even filed a lawsuit for the information. The CIA posted 249 records Scudder had sought on their website in September. It still is withholding 170 other records sought by Scudder.
The CIA waged an assault on the process of Mandatory Declassification Review (MDR), which allows any citizen to request a review of any record and then agencies have to “declassify information that no longer meets the standards for classification.”
As the National Security Archive highlighted on February 10, 2012, “Overnight, without public comment or notice, the Agency decreed that declassification reviews would now cost requesters up to $72 per hour, even if no information is found or released. To even submit a request—again, even if no documents are released—the public must now agree to pay a minimum of $15.”
MDR is a way to get around the CIA's control of information and have the Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel (ISCAP) decide records should be in the public domain. [National Security Archive has effectively used MDR to “pry” documents from the CIA.] But, to discourage citizens from going through this process instead of FOIA, the CIA decided to make it expensive for citizens seeking documents.
To show how effective ISCAP can be, in 2013 [PDF], the panel “affirmed prior agency classification decisions in 20 documents (13.25%), declassified 55 documents (36.42%) in their entirety and declassified 76 documents (50.33%) in part. Altogether, ISCAP overruled the CIA in 86% of the reviews they conducted.
The Government Accountability Office indicated in a recent data transparency report [PDF] that the CIA is one of four agencies that does not release unclassified information on contracts to USAspending.gov. The Office of Management and Budget does not exempt the CIA from releasing this information.
In an automatic declassification process in 2013, the CIA reviewed over 8 million pages of records and only released 1.65 million pages.
The CIA refused to confirm or deny whether it had any information on drones used for “targeted killings” but lost in court when the ACLU convinced a federal appeals court that the fact that the agency had an “intelligence interest” in the US drone program was “already in the public domain.”
The agency will not release its final volume of Bay of Pigs history and has convinced the courts that no matter how long ago it happened it should remain secret. It is also still fighting the release of documents related to the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
With John Brennan as the agency's director, it is struggling to keep as much information on the agency's use of torture on detainees in the global war on terrorism from becoming public. It continues to stall and obstruct the release of information in the Senate Select Commiteee on Intelligence's report on the CIA's torture program.
The public is not allowed to know what type of information the agency's inspector general reviewed—or how many documents were examined. Did the reports have to do with terrorism? World markets? Public opinion toward drones? Spying on foreign governments' inquiries into US spying against them? We'll never know.
No one should take seriously the idea that this shows there is no problem with over-classification at the CIA or that this is legitimate oversight. This report is the product of a charade intended to give the appearance of progress toward openness. The CIA is still as outrageously secretive and unaccountable to the public as ever.
A minor girl committed suicide in Rajasthan's Sanora village on Saturday, three days after three youths molested and attempted to rape them
According to the victim's father, the 15-year-old was returning from the fields on Wednesday when a neighbor overpowered them and took them to a secluded field. The accused was joined by two accomplices and all three of them tried to rape the minor.
The accused fled the spot after the deceased's mother heard their daughter's screams and reached the field.
The victim's father said the accused warned them against approaching the police and filing a complaint. The girl reportedly took the extreme step and hung themselves as they feared losing face in the society.
A case has been registered against the accused under IPC Section 306 (abetment to suicide) and POCSO, police said.
First Published: Aug 26, 2017 23:24 IST
What's at stake: America is undergoing a retail sector crisis, partly related to the increase of competition from online commerce. We review recent contributions to this debate.
The New York Times has some interesting data visualisation about the growth of e-commerce jobs and the decline of retail sectors employment (Figure 1). Online shopping accounts for only 8.4 percent of all retail sales in the United States, but it has had an outsize effect on the retail workforce. The Financial Times has a graphical review of the recent stock market sell-off on retail department stores, spurred by mounting concerns about the effects of online competition.
Figure 1
A related question would be what the implications are, not only for retailers and retail-property companies, but also for the financial firms that have given them money, from banks to life-insurance companies. The Economist argues that total amount of capital, both debt and equity, supporting American retailing (excluding Amazon) now exceeds $2.5trn. The hundreds of thousands of jobs created by new online firms have not absorbed the job losses at traditional retailers. At the same time, the new jobs are concentrated in a handful of large cities and tech hubs (Figure 2 from NYT). Examining property data from CBRE brokerage, The Economist argues that some cities with fewer shops per person, such as New York and Seattle, may fare better, but that few parts of the country will be untouched.
Figure 2
The Economist has calculated what might happen to retailing workers (excluding those who work in car and fuel sales), under various assumptions about the growth of e-commerce. Assuming that employment in stores rises or falls with changes in those stores' sales, and that labour productivity improves at historical rates, retailing jobs could shrink by 12%, or 1.5m jobs, by 2022. Under the most adverse scenario, employment could fall by 17% (figure 3 below).
Figure 3
Paul Krugman wonders why aren't promises to save service jobs as much a staple of political posturing as promises to save mining and manufacturing jobs? One answer might be that mines and factories sometimes act as anchors of local economies, so that their closing can devastate a community in a way shutting a retail outlet won't. A different reason mining and manufacturing have become political footballs, while services haven't, involves the need for villains. Demagogues can tell coal miners that liberals took away their jobs with environmental regulations. They can tell industrial workers that their jobs were taken away by nasty foreigners. By contrast, it's really hard to blame either liberals or foreigners for, say, the decline of retail service jobs. Finally, it's hard to escape the sense that manufacturing and especially mining get special consideration because their workers are a lot more likely to be male and significantly whiter than the workforce as a whole. As for what can be done to stop service-sector job cuts, Krugman thinks that there is not much. While we can't stop job losses from happening, we can limit the human damage when they do happen, by guaranteeing health care and adequate retirement income for all, providing aid to the newly unemployed and acting to keep the overall economy strong.
Dean Baker at CEPR argues that Paul Krugman is wrong on retail jobs, and the reason why they are not salient is that they are not very good jobs. Jobs in mining and manufacturing tend to offer higher pay and are far more likely to come with health care and pension benefits than retail jobs. A worker who loses a job in these sectors is unlikely to find a comparable job elsewhere. In retail, the odds are that a person who loses a job will be able to find one with similar pay and benefits. In mining the average weekly wage is $1,450, in manufacturing it is $1,070, by comparison in retail it is just $555. This difference in job quality is apparent in the difference in separation rates by industry: it was 2.4 percent for the most recent month in manufacturing and 4.7 percent in retail, almost twice as high. Baker argues that since only a small segment of the workforce is going to be employed in manufacturing regardless of what we do on trade, we should be focused on making retail and other service sector jobs good jobs. For Baker, the number one item on the agenda should be a concern with the Fed's rates hikes, which would slow the economy and reduce the rate of job creation.
Noah Smith argues that the retail apocalypse could actually lead to a suburban renaissance. Modern U.S. cities, especially the suburbs, are built around retail stores. If those stores evaporate into cloud servers, huge gaping holes will open up in the economic landscape of almost every suburb and town in the U.S.. The decline of physical retail will thus force the U.S. to rethink its entire idea of what a city is for. Why do people live near each other, if not to shop at the same places? One reason is to go out to eat. Another reason for people to cluster is to take advantage of schools, day-care facilities, hospitals and other local services. Rebuilding the suburbs will mean a lot of spending at the local and state level. Working-class Americans need jobs, and this sort of epic construction project would create a lot of them. If the retail apocalypse leads to a suburban renaissance, maybe it's something to be relished rather than feared.
Christmas has come early to RK Nagar in north Chennai. The only difference is that the Santa Claus here in attired in a white veshti. And the gifts come in the form of Rs 2,000 notes.
Between April, when the by-election to this constituency was rescinded because of rampant bribing of voters, and December, the rate for a vote has increased by 50 percent. Going by anecdotal evidence, it has gone from Rs 4,000 for a vote to Rs 6,000. Eight months ago, documents seized during an Income Tax raid on the Tamil Nadu health minister's residence showed that the ruling AIADMK planned to allegedly distribute Rs 89 crore among the two lakh voters of RK Nagar.
A Chennai local described the RK Nagar bypoll as an "auction". Indeed, the brazen manner in which money was being distributed, without fear of the law, would indicate that cash is still king in the Chennai Political League. Such is the level of voter corruption that it is an accepted fact that only the highest bidder would get the RK Nagar vote.
Grapevine and local voices all seem to suggest that both the AIADMK and rebel TTV Dinakaran are matching each other, at Rs 6,000 a vote. On record, both parties deny distributing money, instead accusing the other candidate of doing so. The DMK has tried to take the moral high ground by saying it will not purchase votes in this election. The fact that this stand is being appreciated points to the muck that everyone accepts has seeped into the electoral system. However, sceptics still believe that MK Stalin is only posturing and even the DMK is distributing money, albeit at a lesser scale than its political rivals.
Unlike earlier elections, distribution of money is reportedly not taking place inside the constituency. Those in the know point out that tiny lodges around Chennai Central railway station have emerged as points of distribution. Most of them have been taken over by cash-rich representatives of political parties. They come armed with electoral rolls of the constituency and word is spread in select streets of RK Nagar, asking voters to reach out to a particular lodge, armed with their voter ID cards and Aadhaar cards. The money is handed over only on submission of proof.
Operating from this area also helps political operators stay out of RK Nagar, which has the maximum concentration of the Election Commission's flying squads and police machinery.
Unlike the AIADMK that's banking on its 'two leaves' symbol to do the trick, Dhinakaran's challenge will be to ensure that everybody knows their poll symbol, a 'pressure cooker'. Given the effort they took in April to popularise the 'hat' symbol that they were allotted then, they now need to ensure voters know it has changed, lest they end up casting votes for another Independent candidate who has now been allotted the 'hat' symbol this time round.
Deccan Chronicle reported that whenever Dhinakaran comes visiting, the voter needs to show the cooker as proof of the fact that the money has been received. The BJP has made a similar allegation as well. There have also been complaints alleging large orders being placed for pressure cookers with a particular shop in Chennai.
Meanwhile, DMK activists have caught men armed with money and ledger books with the AIADMK's 'twin leaves' symbol on it, and handed them over to the police. Money was also being allegedly distributed inside biryani packets in coordination with food outlets.
The joke in RK Nagar is that by the time the election gets over, every house in the constituency will get a brand-new pressure cooker. Since it's not easy to distribute the kitchen utility item in a clandestine way, locals hope Dhinakaran will gift a cooker if they emerge victorious.
Unlike many other constituencies, where no one would admit to accepting money, in RK Nagar, it is taken as a democratic right.
It is a commentary on the corrupt nature of Tamil Nadu politics that people have no qualms about accepting money. The justification given is that it is not the politician's hard-earned money that they are distributing, but money looted from the public exchequer.
In fact, voters have been caught on camera complaining that they have not received money from a particular party just because they have been labelled as supporters of another party.
This is why the RK Nagar election is an issue-less election. The only talking point you would hear in the constituency is whether one has received money or not, and how much. Arun Krishnamoorthy, a psephologist who surveyed the area for a regional news channel, calls RK Nagar a large mob with a singular thought, a ghetto with a similar mindset.
Over the last one year, Tamil Nadu has seen strange political twists and turns. RK Nagar, given that it was Jayalalithaa's constituency, has the potential to dramatically change the political template of Tamil Nadu if the AIADMK candidate loses badly.
But for now, by all indications, it seems to be focused on getting the best possible price.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Singer Jon Anderson is on the road with fellow Yes vets Trevor Rabin and Rick Wakeman — and meanwhile, their former band's current lineup is still very much active. That leaves audiences with competing versions of Yes classics like "Roundabout," and it's your job to pick a favorite.
ARW recently set out on their inaugural tour , reuniting what Wakeman has described as the " holy trinity of Yes " with hopes of a new album to follow. The latest iteration of Yes boasts its own busy itinerary , including a recent tour highlighting their Drama LP, the upcoming 2017 edition of their Cruise to the Edge and plans for a new studio LP.
Both acts lay claim to the group's distinguished musical legacy. Anderson, a co-founding member of Yes, contributed lead vocals to their most widely heard records during a lengthy tenure that ended in 2008; Wakeman served numerous tours of duty with the band between 1971 and 2004 and Rabin was a pivotal part of the lineup during their impressive commercial resurgence during the early '80s.
The current Yes lineup, on the other hand, retains a number of important links to the past — guitarist Steve Howe and drummer Alan White both boast decades of service, as does bassist Billy Sherwood, while keyboardist Geoff Downes' ties go back to the Drama LP. Current singer Jon Davison, a member since 2012, has logged numerous shows since joining, developing an intimate familiarity with the catalog over that span.
So who's performing "Roundabout" better these days? Check out recent live renditions from both bands below, and cast your vote to let us know who comes out on top.
Watch ARW perform 'Roundabout'
Watch Yes perform 'Roundabout'
Unchecked climate change risks plunging a further 175 million people into hunger and undernourishment worldwide, undermining progress in reducing food insecurity, a US government report warns.
Food at COP21: three new initiatives spotlight food insecurity, soils, waste Read more
The US Department of Agriculture analysis states that climate change is “projected to result in more frequent disruption of food production in many regions and in increased overall food prices”.
The impact of rising temperatures is expected to hit poor people and tropical regions the worst, while those in colder, higher-latitude areas could experience improved agricultural capacity. However, from 2050 onwards, every food-producing region in the world is expected to be detrimentally effected.
Under a “business as usual” scenario where global greenhouse gas emissions are not significantly cut and temperatures rise by around 4C (7.2F), the report estimates that an extra 175 million people will be undernourished by 2080. This is in addition to the number of people already going hungry today, estimated to be about 795 million by the UN.
Population growth, with an extra two billion people expected on Earth by 2050, “increases the magnitude of the risk”, especially when combined with social and economic changes that alter the types of foods demanded by consumers, the USDA report states.
Increasing temperatures, altered rainfall patterns and reduced availability of water in some areas will affect food production, while sea level rises – of up to a metre by the end of the century – and extreme heat may hamper the transportation of food.
The USDA report predicts that adaption and new technology will help this situation, as well as decisions on global trade that will dampen any spikes in food prices. An effective deal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions – which is currently being negotiated in Paris – would also be beneficial, although nations' commitments thus far would still result in an average temperature rise of at least 2.7C with significant consequences for agriculture.
“The past six years have been a success story in terms of global food security,” said Tom Vilsack, the US agriculture secretary. “Two hundred million fewer people are food insecure today than they were six years ago. The challenge we now face is whether we can maintain and even accelerate this progress despite the threats from climate change.”
The USDA recently unveiled a range of voluntary programs aimed at farmers that would, if adopted, result in a reduction of 120 million tonnes of carbon dioxide by 2025.
Food insecurity has become a key topic at the Paris summit, with scientists at the talks revealing research that the world has lost a third of its effective arable land in the past 40 years due to erosion and pollution.
One of the snipers on Kiev's Independence Square (Maidan) during the 2013-2014 protest-riots has now come forward to openly confess their crimes. And they thank God for letting them kill
On February 20, 2014, the day when the protesters were shot on Instytutska street, the first people who died were not Maidan activists, but Berkut special force police officers. Ivan Bubenchyk from Lviv claims they were downed by their gun. Ivan Siyak met them to hear their story.
There is no more important date in the modern history of Ukraine than February 20, 2014. On that day on the streets of Kyiv, 48 Maidan activists and 4 police officers were killed. Shortly after, then-president Viktor Yanukovych fled the country, the annexation of Crimea started, and after that the war in Donbass. If we make a generalization, it was the day that predestined the loss of 7% of Ukranian territory and many thousand of lives for Ukraine.
Nobody could know any of this in the early morning of February 20. After heavy fighting for two days with the police, which resulted in 31 activists and 8 law enforcement officers dead, the protesters were left with much less ground. Police were now holding positions on Maidan itself. There was no doubt that the next attack would put an end to the uprising, and then in future textbooks they would call it nothing more than ‘mass riots'.
“His focused tactical actions made the law enforcement flee and prevented the peril of the Revolution of Dignity” — Ukrainian Wikipedia is vague about the role of Ivan Bubenchyk in history. They gave the first detailed account of their actions on that day in the movie Captives by Volodymyr Tykhyy. The documentary has already premiered and will be in Ukrainian theaters on February 25. Just before the premiere, Ivan Siyak met with Ivan Bubenchyk on Maidan to hear their account of the events.
Ivan Bubenchyk spoke in Ukrainian, the translation is by Bird In Flight.
I want to open a fishing school for children. This is what I was doing before Maidan. When in Lviv the students were protesting against Yanukovych, I came to support them. Everyone said that we had to go to Kyiv, so I went. It's hard to remember the dates, but this was on day one. I was on Maidan since day one. At first we were standing near the Independence Monument and guarding the students. Later, ‘hundreds' formed, and I joined the Ninth hundred. I lived on Honchara Street, in the building of People's Movement of Ukraine (Rukh) (center-right political party, founded in 1989 as a civil-political movement — Ed.), and every night at 11.30 pm we came to guard the metro under Maidan. We controlled all the exits, because special service officers could exit them at anytime to attempt some kind of sabotage attack or simply disperse us. I remember that there were internal troops on Hrushevskoho Street, they did not let us go up [to the government building's quarters]. We came with a letter which said that we were citizens of Ukraine and were free to move in the territory of our country. We said that if we could not exercise this right by the next day, we would attack. And this was what happened. The next day there were stones and Molotov cocktails. By February 20 Yanukovych's special services did everything to eliminate Maidan. They burned down the Trade Unions Building, which was very important for us. We lived and slept there, used the toilet, ate, and received medical aid. After they did it, the next morning God gave us the opportunity to get inside the Music Academy. We helped a Roma boy get in through the window. They opened the doors from inside. We could get some sleep there. Some got an hour of sleep, some only half an hour — we couldn't sleep more with all the awful noise they were subjecting us to. Everyone was desperate but me. I have a firm belief in God's power and justice. In the Music Academy, there were guys with hunting guns. They were shooting bird shot at the special forces who were about 70 meters away from us. But I chased them away from the windows, as the police started throwing Molotov cocktails at us, to burn our only shelter down. Bird shot only irritated them. At that point I was praying for forty automatic rifles for Maidan. After some time I realized I was asking for too many. So, I asked for twenty. In the morning of February 20, this guy came and brought a Kalashnikov in a tennis racket bag and 75 cartridges. Many would want to hear that we took the rifle from titushkas (mercenary agents who supported the police force —Ed.) during the clashes of February 18. But this was not what happened.
1. Trade Unions Building. 2. The barricades as of February 20. 3. Bubenchyk's position. 4. Where the police forces were located. 5. Where the activists were shot on Instytutska Street
I was shooting from the window that was the furthest from Maidan, behind the columns on the second floor. I could clearly see the police officers with their shields at the Independence Monument. There were about two hundred of them there behind the sandbags, there was no room for more. Assault groups with pump-action shotguns were advancing from there. They shot point-blank at the barricades, without any shame. I was aiming at those who were in charge. I could not hear them, but I could see the gestures. The distance was very short, so for two commanders I only needed two shots. I learned to shoot while serving in the Soviet Army. I studied at their military intelligence school. We were trained for operations in Afghanistan and other conflict zones. They say I shot them in the back of the head, and it's true. It happened that they were standing with their backs to me. I had no time to wait until they turned around. Then God turned them this way, and this was the way it had been done. There was no need to kill the others, only shoot them in the legs. I came out of the Music Academy and started moving along the barricades. As I was shooting, I wanted the police to believe we had twenty or forty rifles. I asked the guys to make a small gap between their shields for me. It may be unpleasant for some people to hear… But they were crying with joy. They knew we could not hold out without weapons. The distance was very short, so for two commanders I only needed two shots. I reached the Trade Unions Building, and I ran out of cartridges. However, it had already worked, and the police started running. They left everything behind. They climbed over each other like rats. Not all police units could get away from the activists. The guys got over the barricades and chased them. They made groups of ten to twenty captives, and took them beyond Maidan, to the Kyiv City Hall building. However, the most active of our heroes kept chasing the police up Instytutska Street, and very quickly the police were ordered to shoot at the activists. This was a difficult moment, as I realized I could stop the shooting. Different people on Maidan — I won't tell you who they were, but they had some weight — promised me the cartridges. I trusted them, ran around from one place to another… Those were the most difficult minutes of my life, I was completely helpless. They say there were many weapons on Maidan. This is not true. If there were many, nobody would have let the police shoot our people. Ihor Serdiuk and Bohdan Vaida from my hundred died on Instytutska Street.
I protect my Motherland and my people. When I ran out of cartridges, it was as if a scalpel was taken away from a surgeon. The patient needs help urgently, but the surgeon has no scalpel… And the person died while the doctor is watching. I have met Berkut officers who fight for Ukraine in the ATO zone (Anti-Terrorist Operation Zone, a term often used by the government and media in Ukraine to identify territory where the war in Donbass takes place — Ed.). But I try to communicate with the people who are the same as me, or better than me. There were certain conflicts between us… If they are at war consciously, not for the veteran status or the money, then it could purify them. But I have no wish to communicate with them. On Maidan we took a step in the right direction and received a lesson that will let us move forward. However, my state is still not the state of the rule of law, and I still think that all the law enforcement in our state is also unlawful. So I have no wish to communicate with them. Do they want to communicate with me? I think they will after the documentary premieres. My victims are criminals, enemies. I have to speak out, so that other people knew how they should deal with their enemies.
All photos by Alexander Chekmenev.
Ministers have backed down – at least temporarily – from plans to force all sick and disabled people on out-of-work disability benefits to take part in compulsory work-related activity.
There was an outcry among disabled campaigners last year when the government's work, health and disability green paper suggested that claimants of employment and support allowance (ESA) with the highest support needs could be told to stay in regular touch with their local jobcentre, or risk having their benefits sanctioned.
The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and the Department of Health (DH) finally published their joint response to the Improving Lives green paper last week, and it stressed that respondents to the green paper had been “clear that accessing any support [for claimants in these groups]should be voluntary”.
A DWP spokesperson said the government had listened to responses to the green paper and was now “researching and trialling activities people in the support group would be able to undertake on a voluntary basis”, although they refused to rule out the possibility of compulsory work-related activity being introduced in the future.
The 10-year work, health and disability strategy includes proposals across social security, the workplace and healthcare, in response to a consultation on last October's green paper which produced about 6,000 comments, including more than 3,000 emails.
Despite ministers previously suggesting that they were set for major reform of the much-criticised work capability assessment (WCA) – which other political parties have promised to scrap – there were no solid proposals laid out in the strategy.
Penny Mordaunt – at the time the minister for disabled people – promised during an election hustings event earlier this year that a Tory government would “dismantle” the WCA.
And Damian Green, at the time the work and pensions secretary, said when publishing the green paper that “when things need improving, like the work capability assessment… we mustn't shy away from big decisions”.
But the new strategy says that responses to the green paper “gave multiple and differing views on what the WCA should look like”, so DWP would “focus on building our evidence base so that we get it right” and “build evidence for future reform and legislative change”.
The strategy also includes no reference to the cuts of nearly £30-a-week for new claimants placed in the ESA work-related activity group (WRAG), a cut that disabled people's organisations have warned will move claimants further from the labour market.
A DWP spokesperson declined to say why the strategy document failed to mention the WRAG cut.
Serious concerns were also raised over a reference in the strategy to trials being carried out on whether DWP work coaches can combine job search skills training with “interventions to enhance motivation” for out-of-work claimants.
Ellen Clifford, campaigns and policy manager for Inclusion London, said: “While it is something of a victory and testament to all the efforts gone to by so many disabled campaigners in responding to the Improving Lives consultation that suggestions of compulsory work-related activity for disabled people in the support group seem to have gone quiet, the publication of the government's employment strategy is not something that should be welcomed.
“The announcement that work coaches are trialling interventions to ‘enhance motivation' alongside job search skills training is deeply concerning in that psychological interventions should ever only be undertaken by professionals with appropriate qualifications, particularly when working with people with complex psychological support needs.”
Clifford also raised concerns about the dangers of “conflating work and health” and the “continuing failure to tackle any of the substantive barriers to work” faced by Deaf and disabled people (see separate stories).
Dr Jay Watts, a consultant clinical psychologist and a member of the campaigning Alliance for Counselling and Psychotherapy, said: “Increasing focus is given to the role of ‘work coaches' who are expected to conduct ‘health and work conversations' with claimants.
“These conversations are based on principles from positive psychology to change mindsets, yet there is no consideration to the ethics of holding dual roles as coach and punisher (for it is work coaches who decide on sanctions).
“How is informed consent possible in such a scenario? How is this anything but psycho-compulsion?”
Disabled People Against Cuts (DPAC) said its initial reaction to the strategy was that it was more of “the same old empty, worthless promises and still no idea about the actual barriers disabled people face getting and keeping work”.
The document also says that responses to the green paper made it clear that employment support for disabled people should be “flexible” and “voluntary”.
It says the government is currently testing peer support models which involve people “who have themselves experienced unemployment or health problems”, to see if this “helps build people's belief in their ability to work, and achieve better health and work outcomes”.
But there was fierce criticism from the industry body, the Employment Related Services Association (ERSA), which said that, under the government's plans, the “vast majority” of disabled jobseekers would not receive the specialist support they needed.
ERSA described the new Work and Health Programme, which the government began to roll out at the end of last month, as “very small” and said – according to research it published last year – that it would help only one in eight of those disabled people who wanted to work, with spending on specialist employment support falling by 80 per cent.
So far, although DWP has announced the names of the organisations that have been awarded contracts to provide employment support services across England and Wales under the Work and Health Programme – Remploy (mostly owned by the discredited US company Maximus), Shaw Trust, Reed in Partnership, Ingeus and Pluss – it has refused to say which organisations will be involved as sub-contractors.
The programme will support disabled people, but also those who are long-term unemployed, and other groups such as ex-carers, ex-offenders, homeless people and those with drug or alcohol dependencies.
David Gauke, Green's replacement as work and pensions secretary, described the strategy as “ambitious” and said the aim was to secure jobs for one million more disabled people by 2027, an increase from 3.5 million to 4.5 million.
A DWP spokesperson declined to say whether the department accepted the ERSA figures on spending.
But they claimed that the government would be increasing real terms investment in employment support for disabled people over the period 2016-17 to 2020-21, including £500 million on the Work and Health Programme over five years, another £100 million for local versions of the programme in Greater Manchester and London, and £115 million on developing new models of support.
On delays to WCA reform, the spokesperson said: “We are committed to continuing to improve the WCA.
“We've done a lot since 2008 and will not stop now – the recent reform to stop reassessments for people with the most severe lifelong conditions in ESA and universal credit is one example.
“We heard broad support for WCA reform in the green paper consultation but there was no consensus on what the right model of WCA reform would look like.
“We know that we need to get reform right and will therefore focus on testing new approaches to build our evidence base for future reform.
“We will work with external stakeholders to inform future changes, including to engage with concerns about the specific model* consulted on in the green paper.”
*This model would “separate decisions on the financial support an individual receives from the discussions they have about the employment and health support available to them”
WAYZATA, MN—Regularly updating their husband and children on the frequency and location of sightings around the neighborhood, local mother Dana Salisbury continued to keep close tabs on the coyote situation this week, sources confirmed. “I saw on the television how more people have been seeing coyotes in our neck of the woods, and then just the other day Kevin and Lisa [Torrance] from down the block had one right in their backyard,” said Salisbury, adding that after watching a cautionary report on the local news they had been taking extra care to make sure their garbage can lids were tightly secured. “They look like dogs from far away, but they have bushier tails. We haven't seen any coyotes by us yet, but just to be on the safe side we aren't letting the cat out. Susanne next door said their brother and sister-in-law in Bloomington almost had their corgi get attacked by one.” At press time, Salisbury was reportedly standing at the window and vigilantly scanning the family's chain-link fence for potential weak spots.
Advertisement
A dear colleague of mine keeps saying things like "I'll just do a few tests", or "I'll need to carry out these tests". It throws me off practically every time.
You see, I've been so completely swallowed up by the Unit Testers' Underground Movement, that to me these perfectly reasonable phrases sound slightly... wrong. You don't do tests, you write them. You don't carry out tests yourself, you have the computer run them for you.
Clearly my indoctrination has been effective, when conversation that sounds completely correct to my colleagues sets off silent alarm bells in my mind. I'm all like, "they're using the word "tests", to mean what? Manual testing?" (Nothing wrong with manual testing per se. It's a good tool in your toolbox. And ad-hoc tests often produce some of the best unit tests.)
There's a reason my mind ended up in this twisted state. We'll get to that.
For a number of years now — I don't actually remember how many — I've been quitting IRC with the message "tests rock!". I always type this message out, no automation involved. (Yes, I do see the sweet irony there.) Consider it my green wristband, if you like.
There's a reason I keep writing that, too. You see...
Tests rock. They truly and utterly rock.
I'll explain, and you might not believe me. I am after all, dear reader, trying to indoctrinate you, just as I was once the victim of the Unit Tester's Underground Movement's corrosive propaganda. You'll resist, you'll fight, but eventually we'll get you too. Resistance is futile, unless there's a unit test for it somewhere.
If you let down your guard even a little, you'll start discovering the three benefits, one by one. And then there's really no turning back — you'll be test-oriented before you can say "but I don't have time to write tests".
Mwhahaha.
First benefit
It all begins so innocently. You're thinking "hey, I keep pressing the <up> arrow in my shell a lot, just to run the same test code all over again". So you decide to exercise some laziness, and put all your testing snippets in a file somewhere. Or a group of files, whatever.
This is the first benefit: by treating tests as program code, as something more permanent than just a shell command somewhere, you're unwittingly building up a list of things that are true about your program. That's all that unit tests really are: an executable list of assertions in a file somewhere. And then — oops — you checked it into your repository, too! Now other people can run those same tests. Fancy that.
In order to completely obviate the <up> arrow, I've come up with a small harness that runs all of your tests as soon as you hit Save in your editor. It has the same kind of addictive effect as does a good game: it sucks you in and keeps you there. I've written about it here and here; a small prototype of it can be found here.
Second benefit
Of course, while this sounds trivial on paper, you actually don't want your tests to go wreak havoc with your production database, or send emails to customers, or whatever. Basically, you want to exercise all the important program logic while still having the program be side-effect-free. The Unit Testers' Underground Movement have had great successes in this department, deviously convincing people that testing is so important that it actually makes sense to "de-couple" the pure business logic from the different kinds of side effects.
Think of your normal application as a giant octopus. It has a brain, and it has arms. The tests want to interact with the brain without getting tangled up in the arms. With the correct decoupling, the brain can be lifted out and placed in a vat in a laboratory, and a set of virtual octopus arms can be plugged in. So the octopus brain still thinks it has all of its arms, and when it sends signals to flex them, the virtual arms happily send back signals of movement as if they were real, physical arms.
Coders do this kind of thing under various slightly overlapping names: dependency injection, mocks, fakes, stubs... They do this, and as an annoying little side effect of doing this, they just have to factor their code to be receptible to this kind of octopus plug-and-play behavior, and thus also more modular. How insidious.
You might think that this modularity is the second benefit. It's not. Good modularity is just common sense for a big system. It is a nice side effect of tests, though.
No, the second benefit is this: it's been said that your API won't be really stable/usable until you've made it work with three different clients. Usually, the application itself, or some component of it, or some component near it, makes up the first client. With the test, you immediately have a second client. That's well on your way to having three clients.
This is more important than it might at first seem. As a second client (or a first client, depending on how you see it), tests will put you in the habit of thinking about the interface up front. Yes, that thing that your OO teacher went on about: the outwards-facing layer that the external world gets to interact with to get to query or modify the internal, heavily protected gooey stuff in the middle. It's true for the objects of your application, but it's also true for your whole application, even a non-OO application. You just need to momentarily view the application as a single coherent object. To me, that's what object-orientation really means nowadays: coming up with a decent interface behind which to hide the internal gooey stuff.
Put differently, the tests make you think about and design your interfaces. The face of design changes from one of invention to one of discovery.
The tests push the buttons and twist the dials on the outside of the machine without opening it up. So your first order of business is to make sure that all the right buttons and dials are there. When you feel like it, you could switch out the out-moded transistor innards for contemporary circuitry. The tests don't care, they just care about the buttons and dials on the outside.
And it's because the tests are internals-agnostic that you dare make such a crazy leap from transistors to circuits. Would you have made such a daring move before you had tests? Heavens no, something important might break! (A revision system helps greatly here, too.)
At this point, you're hooked on two of three benefits. You're already getting that glassy-eyed look, as if there's a chance you might just tell a random stranger on the street about test-driven development. You're starting to suspect that the Unit Testers' Underground Movement actually is a real movement.
Third benefit
This is when the third and final benefit triggers, if it hadn't already. And I'm really sorry to report this, but when it does, you're a goner. There's just no going back after that.
You see... oh, how shall I put this? These test files, these dumb, inert lists of assertions about your program, they find bugs for you. Since they run your program as often as you want, with the simple-minded patience of a computer, testing every little thing you ever thought of during your brightest moments, they find your bugs before you do! At this point you might have accrued hundreds or thousands of individual tests in dozens or hundreds of files. They all just tirelessly iterate through everything that could conceivably go wrong with your program, and try it out without your having to lift a finger. The command line can go <up> itself.
And, boy, do the tests find bugs. Your reaction the first few times this happens will range from "oh right, forgot about that other bit" to "oh dear... that would've been embarrasing, wouldn't it?". Then you get used to the tests being a bit ahead of the curve.
When the third benefit started hitting me hard, when I had begun to use tests so much that they actually began reporting bugs for me in this way, I got to thinking that maybe I was becoming soft and careless due to having all those tests. Maybe the safety net that the tests provide had made me think less about the correctness of the code I was writing.
Then I realized that the bugs the tests were finding for me corresponded to bugs that I never found in my older programs, or bugs that came back later and bit me hard when I least needed it.
It's been said that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. This is where it all pays off. If you thought that all that explicit test writing and dependency injection and mocking and all that stuff was a bit, you know, tedious — this is where it all pays off in reduced debugging time. Just to see why, let's run a few common scenarios with our test-colored glasses on:
Does the program work? Run tests. Green ? Yes, it works. Red ? No, it doesn't work.
Will this change break something? Run tests. Green ? No, the change is fine. Red ? Yes, it broke something.
If I add this new feature, do the old features still work? Write a test for your new feature. Code until it turns from red to green. Run all the tests. Green? Yes, the old features still work. Red? Well, something broke, and you're really happy to realize this now rather than later, during a customer demo or something.
Making changes/additions without unit tests? Well, you would either have to proceed very slowly, possibly doing a lot of tiresome debugging anyway — or you might just never consider them as something that you would dare do to the application. Sans tests, it's far too easy to have technical debt pile up into such tall, insane piles of Jenga blocks that pulling out another block just isn't considered. There's something immensely refreshing about how care-free you can be with tests backing you up.
Conclusion
This is why I write tests. They're to a programmer as swimfins are to an underwater diver — sure, you can jump into the fray without them, buy you won't move as fast or as accurately. Or as far.
To summarize, these are the three benefits of tests, as I see them:
Tests are simply static versions of various checks that you would've (or, as they grow, should've) run anyway. Tests provide you with a "second client" for free, and a very diligent client at that. Tests find bugs in your code before you do. It's awesome.
View of Paternoster Square around St. Paul's Cathedral as proposed
© John Simpson Architects LLP
London architect John Simpson, one of the world's leading practitioners of New Classicism and New Urbanism, has been selected to design the new School of Architecture building at the University of Notre Dame.
“Matt and Joyce Walsh Family Hall will be a symbol of the distinctiveness of the Notre Dame Architecture School's curriculum, which focuses on traditional urbanism and classical architecture,” said Michael Lykoudis, Francis and Kathleen Rooney Dean of Architecture. “The design principles embodied in John Simpson's built work reflect the principles and highest aspirations of our school, which embraces the timeless classical values of durability, functionality and beauty. Our students and faculty will have a building that will be inspirational and instrumental in the teaching of architecture.”
Simpson studied architecture at University College London and is principal of their eponymously named firm. A member of the Royal Institute of British Architects, they are a leader among modern architects designing in the New Classical style.
John Simpson
Simpson's major works include the master plan for the area surrounding St. Paul's Cathedral in London, the west range of Gonville Court at the University of Cambridge, the Queen's Gallery at Buckingham Palace and the master plan for Fairford Leys, a village outside Aylesbury.
Notre Dame's new building for the School of Architecture has been underwritten by a $27 million gift from Matthew Walsh and their wife, Joyce. The 80,000-square-foot building will be located on the south end of the Notre Dame campus, east of the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center. It will provide the space necessary to accommodate the needs of a school that is considered the nation's leading institution for the study of classical architecture and traditional urbanism and to add two new graduate programs in historic preservation and real estate development. Construction is expected to begin next year.
The School of Architecture was established in 1898 as the first such program at an American Catholic college or university. For the past 20 years, it has put an emphasis on a classical curriculum to the point that it is considered the leading such program in the country. The urbanism curriculum is also highly regarded within the field.
Architecture offers a five-year bachelor's degree, which includes the third year spent entirely at the University's facility in Rome. The school also offers three masters degree programs: a post-professional two-year master's degree and two professional master's degree programs in two- and three-year paths.
Who will be joining Warren Ellis in their Gerard Way-alike The Wild Storm project for DC Comics for 2017. I got emailed the following from someone claiming to be Jakita Wagner. I may have given it more attention because of the name.
Following the success of Young Animal, DC is now pushing the Wildstorm imprint to launch with more books after Ellis' titular series comes out. DC is looking to have titles written by Jonathan Hickman, Ales Kot, Jody Houser, and Matthew Rosenberg. All have been in Burbank recently to finalize the plans.
I asked a very well-connected person at DC Comics who tells me
two of those are never going to happen.
So there you go. Though Jonathan Hickman and Warren Ellis have been quite close of late it seems.
Who do you think Warren Ellis would choose for “his Young Animal”?
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
A Cold Welcome: The Little Ice Age and Europe's Encounter with North America by Sam White Harvard University Press, 361 pp., $29.95
“We are starved! We are starved!” the sixty skeletal members of the English colony of Jamestown cried out in desperation as two ships arrived with provisions in June 1610. Of the roughly 240 people who were in Jamestown at the start of the winter of 1609–1610, they were the only ones left alive. They suffered from exhaustion, starvation, and malnutrition as well as from a strange sickness that “caused all our skinns to peele off, from head to foote, as if we had beene flayed.” Zooarchaeological evidence shows that during those pitiless months of “starving time” they turned to eating dogs, cats, rats, mice, venomous snakes, and other famine foods: mushrooms, toadstools, “or what els we founde growing upon the grounde that would fill either mouth or belly.” Some of the settlers reportedly ingested excrement and chewed the leather of their boots. Recent discoveries of human skeletons confirm the revelation of the colony's president, George Percy, that they also resorted to cannibalism: “Some adventuringe to seeke releife in the woods, dyed as they sought it, and weare eaten by others who found them dead.” When one man confessed under torture to having murdered and eaten their wife, Percy ordered their execution.
That happened a mere three years after the first adventurous group of Englishmen arrived in Jamestown. From the beginning, it was a struggle for subsistence. Most of the settlers fell ill only a few weeks after landfall in May 1607. One colonist recalled that “scarse ten amongst us coulde either goe, or well stand, such extreame weaknes and sicknes oppressed us.” The corn withered in the summer drought, and as the flow of the James River waned in the unrelenting heat, salt water encroached from the sea, depriving the settlers of their main source of fresh water. Nor was divine assistance forthcoming. The Quiyoughcohannock Indians, scarcely better off, beseeched the Englishmen to intercede and ask their powerful God for supernatural intervention. But when the colonists' prayers seemed to bring only more suffering instead of rain to Jamestown, the natives concluded that the Christian god must be a vindictive one, and their relations with the colonists deteriorated.
By September 1607, half the colony's members were dead. “Our men were destroyed with cruell diseases as Swellings, Flixes, Burning Fevers, and by warres, and some departed suddenly,” Percy later recalled, “but for the most part they died of meere famine.” The next winter months would prove equally deadly. “It got so very cold and the frost so sharp that I and many others suffered frozen feet,” another witness wrote, adding that the cold was so severe that “the river at our fort froze almost all the way across.”
Fresh groups of colonists arrived in 1608 and 1609,…
Latakia Fire Cured Oriental
Wholesale Pricing is Available For This Tobacco Item. Click Here For More Information!
$ 26.99 / lb • In stock
Add to shopping cart
Not ready to buy a whole pound?
1/4 lb samples are available for this item for $7.99
Add to shopping cart
Cyprian Latakia is a Yenidje like leaf that goes through a smoke curing similar to the Dark Fire Cured that gives this leaf its dark color and smoky taste.
Latakia is an oriental tobacco, very similar to Yenidje, that has been smoke cured. Often considered a spice tobacco, it will not usually make up more than 10-20% of any pipe or cigarette blends. This leaf is commonly blended with Virigina Flue Cured tobaccos to bring out its distinct flavor profile.
The Yankees traded catcher Brian McCann to the Astros on Thursday for two minor league pitchers. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) (Photo: ASSOCIATED PRESS)
The Yankees finally found a trading partner for Brian McCann.
The catcher has been dealt to the Houston Astros along with cash considerations for two-right handed-pitchers, the team announced Thursday. The Yankees are receiving Class A starter Albert Abreu, the Astros' No. 7 prospect, according to MLB.com, and rookie league pitcher Jorge Guzman.
McCann waived their no-trade clause to facilitate the deal.
"I've still got some good years left behind the plate," McCann told the New York Daily News. "I'm a catcher and that's what I want to play. That was what it came down to. With Gary being a catcher and me still wanting to catch, the trade was a perfect fit."
With Gary Sanchez emerging as the team's everyday catcher, McCann became expendable, and the Yankees had entertained offers for McCann during the season but did not come close to a deal. McCann has $34 million left on their contract plus a $15 million option for 2019, and the full no-trade clause gave them leverage.
The Yankees will pick up $5.5 million of the $17 million McCann is owed each of the next two seasons, according to a report from fanragsports.com.
The Braves — McCann's former team – and the Astros had been linked to the Yankees as possible trade partners, and the Yankees found a match with Houston with a deal that nets them two young hurlers.
Abreu, 21, went 3-8 with a 3.72 ERA in 24 games (16 starts) in Class A in 2016, and struck out more than one batter per inning. A scouting report on MLB.com says Abreu can hit 99 mph with their fastball. Guzman, 20, went 3-4 with a 4.05 ERA in 13 games (eight starts) with two teams in the rookie league.
Neither are in MLB.com's list of top 100 prospects.
In trading McCann, the Yankees are clearing even more salary, and now have to find a designated hitter for next season. McCann had served as the team's everyday catcher in 2016 before losing playing time when Sanchez took over, but they were penciled in as the team's designated hitter for the 2017 season.
The 32-year-old hit .242 with 20 homers and 58 RBI this past season, and is the only active major leageur to hit at least 20 homers in each of the past nine seasons. They signed a five-year deal with an option before the 2014 season, and hit .235 with a .731 OPS and 69 homers with the Yankees.
The Yankees may be able to use the salary they cleared to sign an elite reliever such as Aroldis Chapman, and they could try to bring back Carlos Beltran to serve as their designated hitter. Austin Romine figures to serve as the team's backup catcher next season with McCann out of the picture.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Fire and Ice newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong All the news about the New Jersey Devils, from training camp to the regular season and Stanley Cup playoffs. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-282-3422. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Fire and Ice Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"It satisfied a lot of things -- additional money to play with from our end gives us a lot of choices in the trade and free-agent market," Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman told reporters Thursday according to the Daily News. "Does it mean we're absolutely going to do something? No. But we're going to be open to doing so. Now I can pursue a lot of different scenarios for the (designated hitter) or other positions. We're going to continue to pursue pitching as well as offense now."
McCann is now the fourth marquee player the Yankees have traded dating back to this past season's trade deadline with Chapman, Beltran and Andrew Miler also being dealt to help bolster the team's farm system. The team could continue its aggressive ways and try to trade outfielder Brett Gardner.
Keeping McCann would have given the Yankees a fallback option and a veteran bat to serve as the designated hitter, but this deal shows the faith the Yankees have in Sanchez after an historic rookie season. The young catcher swatted 20 homers with a 1.032 OPS in 53 games, and finished second in the rookie of the year voting behind Detroit starter and ex-Mets prospect Michael Fulmer.
LONDON -- Moussa Sissoko says they finally feel comfortable at Tottenham after initially struggling to cope with Mauricio Pochettino's intense training schedule.
Pochettino criticised Sissoko after leaving them out of the squad for the 2-1 defeat at Chelsea on Dec. 2, saying the £30 million deadline day signing from Newcastle needed to work harder and show they "deserves" to be in the team.
Sissoko responded with an explosive 30-minute cameo at Manchester United and a fine performance in Wednesday's 3-0 win over Hull City, and they explained that they finally feel comfortable with their manager's demands.
"The intensity of the training -- that was a big change for me because in my old team it was totally different," Sissoko told reporters after the match.
"I needed to understand their philosophy but now it is OK. I know what they want, I know what to do and that's what I will do.
"The style of how they want us to play, what we do at the training -- it was a lot of change. Every manager has their style of training so now I understand everything."
Pochettino later backtracked and said the 27-year-old needed time to "adapt" to Tottenham after they missed most preseason waiting for a move away from St. James' Park.
Sissoko suffered a suspected concussion on their third appearance for Spurs, before they were suspended for three matches for elbowing Bournemouth's Harry Arter and they said they were unaffected by Pochettino's comments, but agreed that their start to life in London was not ideal.
"For me the manager said what they think. For me it was the same, just to come into training and try to give my best. I know what I can do for the team. I know what is my level," they said.
"I just needed some time to be ready on everything because it was a big change for me. Now I understand everything and everything is better for me, and that's good."
"It was at the last training before we played Chelsea on Saturday, [he told me I wasn't in the team], so that was their choice. The manager has to make their 18.
"It's their choice. For me I just need to keep working at training and hopefully be in the squad for every game.
"To come here it was not easy because a lot of things happened. I signed late, I didn't have any preparation, a new system, a new job, so a lot of change. I needed to work a lot on that.
"So I spoke with the manager and all the staff, and we tried to work on it at training. Now it is good for me because I played and I did well I think, so that's good and I hope I can do more for the future."
Pochettino used Sissoko on the right wing in their first five starts but against Hull they were given a free role behind Harry Kane in a changed 3-4-2-1 system -- and they flourished.
"We played a different system so I was more inside. That is what I like," Sissoko said. "But I can also play as a winger. Today the manager decided to change the system, so it was good for me, for the team. We won the game and that was perfect."
Dan is ESPN FC's Tottenham correspondent. Follow them on Twitter: @Dan_KP.
Miami: Two US astronauts on Sunday made speedy work of their third spacewalk to get the International Space Station ready for the arrival of more commercial spacecraft in the coming years.
Tethered to the outside of the orbiting outpost, space station commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts reported no problems with their spacesuits during the outing, but Mr Virts discovered a small amount of water building up in their helmet after they re-entered the space station.
A similar problem occurred after Wednesday's spacewalk, when about three inches of water collected in Mr Virts' headpiece, but NASA said the problem did not put the astronauts in danger.
Still, the US space agency has expressed concern about repeated technical failures in the American spacesuits, all linked to the same cooling system and a 2013 emergency water leak that nearly drowned Italian spacewalker, Luca Parmitano.
Tony Parker, a 6-9, 270-pound center from Miller Grove (Lithonia, Ga.) who was their state's Mr. Basketball, signed with Duke, Ohio State, Kansas, UCLA, Georgetown, Memphis and Georgia on Monday. Parker, who averaged 16.6 points, 11.0 rebounds and 3.0 blocks per game, was considered by Rivals.com and Scout.com to be the highest-rated senior prospect to have not signed with a college. Parker led Miller Grove to four consecutive state titles, the first time a player in the state has started for four consecutive state champions since Dontonio Wingfield of Westover (Albany) did so in 1990-93.
By signing with UCLA, they cement the Bruins' best class in years. UCLA also signed two All-USA players in swing player Shabazz Muhammad of Bishop Gorman (Las Vegas) and guard Kyle Anderson of St. Anthony (Jersey City), as well as Oak Hill (Mouth of Wilson, Va.) guard Jordan Adams.
"It was a real tough decision," Parker said in a newss conference at their school. "There were a lot of good schools on my list. I've always followed UCLA."
Parker's former AAU coach with the Atlanta Celtics, Korey McCray, was hired by the Bruins last June.
According to Evan Daniels of Scout.com, by landing Parker, UCLA now has the No. 2 recruiting class in the country behind only Kentucky.
My Secret Santa has literally gone above and beyond :) Their generosity and kindness gets to be shared with all those around me and I couldn't be happier!
With the generous amazon gift card they sent, I was able to get a couple toys (catchphrase and toy bow & arrow) for a gift drive I am participating in at a local orphanage. I was also able to get my mom a bonus gift (key finder)!
My secret santa also put a lot of thought into my aspirations to become a dentist and got me a name plate to set on my desk--something to motivate me towards my goal. And finally, they spoiled me with League of Legends skins, icons, champions and riot points. Since my best friend's secret santa never delivered, they got to share this gift with me and I was able to get them a new Lux skin on League!
Thanks Santa, for bringing so much joy to all the people around me! You have a big heart and I am still overwhelmed by your kindness! :))))
6 years ago
Washington (CNN) - Americans are giving the White House low marks for how it's handled the terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, and the resignation of former CIA Director David Petraeus, according to a new national survey.
But according to a CNN/ORC International poll released Tuesday, a majority of the public doesn't believe the Obama administration intentionally tried to mislead Americans on the September attack that left the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans dead. And the survey also indicates a plurality have a positive opinion of Petraeus and are divided on whether the former top U.S. should have resigned as CIA director after acknowledging an extra-marital affair.
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
On Libya, 54% of the country is dissatisfied with the administration's response to the Benghazi attack, with only four in ten saying they're satisfied with the way the White House handled the matter.
"But that dissatisfaction is not because Americans see a cover-up," said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. "Only 40% believe that the inaccurate statements that administration officials initially made about the Benghazi attack were an attempt to deliberately mislead the public. Fifty-four percent think those inaccurate statements reflected what the White House believed to be true at the time."
Nearly half of those questioned (48%) say that the U.S. could have prevented the attack on its consulate in Benghazi, with 42% saying the U.S. could not have prevented the attack.
According to the poll, the public is split right down the middle on how the Obama administration's handled the Petraeus resignation, with 44% saying that officials handled it appropriately and 44% disagreeing with that view.
The survey also indicates that Americans are also split over whether Petraeus, the former four-star general who commanded all U.S forces in Iraq and later in Afghanistan, should have resigned as CIA director. Forty-eight percent 48% say that was the right thing to do; with 48% opposed to the resignation, which happened just three days after the presidential election.
"One reason that the public is split on Petraeus' resignation is that their favorables outweigh their unfavorables by 16 points," said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. "Forty-four percent have a positive view of him, compared to just 28% with a negative view. The rest are unfamiliar with Petraeus."
Another reason the public is divided on whether Petraeus should have resigned may be that most Americans don't think that adultery should be a crime under military law, and even fewer believe it should be a criminal offense for civilians, with that number dropping since the last time the question was asked in 1997.
Just over half of those questioned (52%) say Congress should investigate the Petraeus matter, with 47% saying they should not conduct an investigation.
The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International from November 16-18, with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points.
- CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report
In 2013 the world found out, through whistleblower Edward Snowden, about a massive global surveillance system that had been set up and run by the US National Security Agency. Judging by the classified documents that Snowden released, the NSA grabbed just about everything it could as it traversed the Internet: emails, faxes, video and audio chats, and even watched players in online games like Second Life and World of Warcraft. Nothing was out of their reach it seemed as, in 2013, very little of the Internet was protected by encryption. Honestly, many of us just never thought we needed it.
Since then, a massive uptick in the use of encryption over the Internet has happened. More than 60% of websites now use TLS, most chat programs encrypt messages in transit, and it's generally become a lot harder for the NSA to slurp up traffic. On the communications front, an entire crop of new instant messaging and calling applications have sprung up, each guaranteeing the privacy of your communication. While many of these applications have proven to have serious vulnerabilities that did little to protect their users conversations, two have emerged that have show real promise: Whisper Systems Signal and Wire Communications Wire Messenger. Today, we're going to take a loot at Wire Messenger.
Introduction to Wire Messenger
Wire Messenger is a relatively new cross-platform instant messaging, voice, and video calling application created by Wire Swiss GmbH. It runs in your web browser, on the Windows, Mac, and Linux desktops, and on Android and iOS devices. The open source program features verifiable encrypted video, text, and audio communication with an audio and video quality that rivals proprietary competitors like Skype. The code has been audited with few bugs found and the company has moved quickly to address all of the issues that the auditors found.
The Encryption
Wire offers end-to-end encryption using the Proteus protocol which is based on the fully audited and secure Signal protocol from Open Whisper Systems. Wire's video and audio calls are protected by SRTP and DTLS and all communication with the server is done over a secure TLS connection. The software uses cryptographic fingerprints that users can compare to assure that their communication is secure and not being intercepted by a "man in the middle".
Privacy
Wire Swiss, the company behind Wire, has progressively made less and less information about its users available to even themselves. Before 23 March, 2017, Wire only stored user generated information for 72 hours after which the logs were scrubbed. As of 23 March, however, the company announced that they no longer store any data about users calling habits, preventing anyone from having even passing access to that information. Unlike Signal, Wire does not require a telephone number in order to sign up meaning that the user can easily sign up to the service and remain near completely anonymous. Since Wire does not store information about users or their calling habits, it is therefore unable to share such information with advertisers and/or law enforcement.
The Performance
As a long-time Skype user, I was quite surprised by the quality of both audio and video calls in Wire. While quality obviously will vary depending on the conditions present on the network on which Wire is being used, performance was stellar even while going through a VPN in Switzerland (I'm in the US) over a shared wifi connection. The voice and video quality were both exceptionally clear and the few dropped calls were mostly due to my network dropping out rather than anything Wire could control.
That said, Wire on the desktop is an Electron app which means it's going to use a little more CPU than a regular app of a similar size would. Wire has consistently worked to get resource requirements down but I had no trouble running the program even on the slimmest hardware I had. I do hope that Wire writes a proper desktop app one day and gets ride of the Javascript version but it's by no means a major burden on your system to run the program now. I just think the smaller the program the better for more users.
The Codec
Wire uses the OPUS codec for calls, which provides excellent quality even under restrictive network conditions. On 23 March, 2017, the company announced via their blog that, due to research that showed that the use of variable rate codecs such as OPUS could weaken security, the program would switch to using OPUS in its continuous bit-rate mode thereby offering more security even if users were under aggressive surveillance. This, unfortunately, could increase overhead by 20%.
Open Source
Wire Messenger is completely open source with the source code published on Github for all versions, including Android and iOS. The server component of Wire is still proprietary as of this writing but the company has committed to open sourcing that code by the end of Q1 2017.
Cross Platform
As I said above, Wire Messenger is completely cross-platform. Official clients are available for Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, and iOS and the API is openly published allowing anyone who wises to create a client for their favorite operating system.
Is it worth it?
If you're looking for a reliable, secure, and cross-platform way to communicate with friends, family, or collegauges, I can't recommend Wire enough. It's got all the bells and whistles that you need, it's stable, and it's extremely easy to use. It's the kind of messenger you could setup on your elderly parents phone and have confidence that they could use it if they needed to do so. Even though it's still a fairly new program, still being battle tested, and still evolving, I highly recommend that you give it a try.
Want to support the author of this article? Upvote it or consider donating Ethereum to me! You can send any Etherum donations to this address: 0xa4c941Ed1F4a6f1C076C67767Df2d2Abb0626470
BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai elderly care robot Dinsow can not only keep track of your medication and video-phone your relatives, but can also exercise with you and even entertain you with its karaoke skills.
Chalermpon Punnotok, CEO of CT Asia Robotics speaks during an interview with Reuters in Bangkok, Thailand July 5, 2016. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Its manufacturer, CT Asia Robotics, is one of many Thai firms investing heavily in healthcare for the aged in a country where the working-age population will decline this year - a first among the emerging economies of Southeast Asia.
By the end of 2016, almost 15 percent of Thailand's roughly 68 million people will be over the retirement age of 60. The government expects the proportion to reach 20 percent by 2020, adding strain to an already stretched healthcare sector.
“Doctors and nurses have responded positively to Dinsow because it helps them monitor patients,” said Chief Executive Chalermpon Punnotok. CT Asia Robotics has got 1,000 orders from Thailand and Japan for the 85,000 baht ($2,445) droid, they said.
Thailand's population swing toward the elderly comes as living and education costs rise along with economic development that has outpaced neighbors, according to the World Bank.
The government estimates households spend almost of third of their income on caring for elderly relatives, and KGI Securities estimates healthcare spending will be as high as 7.0 percent of gross domestic product by 2026 from 4.5 percent in 2015.
Thailand's $4 billion medicine and healthcare industry is therefore gearing up for a surge in demand for elderly care products, as well as for doctors, nurses and care givers, plus hospital beds, nursing homes and customized private housing.
Housing developers such as Sena Development PCL and Nusasiri PCL have been adding features to cater to elderly tenants, such as ramps for wheelchair users, sliding doors, touch-screen light switches and emergency alarm systems.
“Elderly clients make up about 10 percent of our customer base,” said Sena's Deputy Chief Executive Kesara Tanyalakpark. “That could easily rise to 15 percent or more in coming years.”
In personal products, diaper maker DSG International Thailand PCL has seen adult diaper sales grow 30 percent this year, and expects double-digit growth over the next five years, said its chief operating officer.
“We see Thailand moving in the direction of Japan whereby the adult diaper market will become larger than the baby diaper market, perhaps in 10 years' time,” Justine Wang told Reuters.
Another company seeing opportunity in the demographic change is medical equipment supplier Samaphan Health, which with Taiwan's Apex Medical Corp sells mattresses to prevent bed sores as well as respiratory products to aid sleep.
“Demand from wealthy clients is very strong,” said Managing Director Chinnakarn Samalapa. Sales of its elderly care products have grown 10 percent annually since 2011 and will continue growing, they said. “They don't mind spending to improve the quality of life for elderly relatives.”
With so much money being spent on care, the government is considering allowing reverse mortgages which would allow elderly homeowners to convert some of their home value into cash - an initiative that would further boost the market for goods and services targeting the elderly, economists said.
Slideshow (3 Images)
But as the market booms, some seemingly essential products and services could take a little longer than others to benefit.
Thai Riei & Elderly Care Recruitment Co opened in January but attracting customers is a challenge, said Facility Manager Pornchanok Jeanmpudsa. The reason, they said, was a cultural perception that nursing homes are places to abandon the elderly.
($1 = 34.7600 baht)
If the theory of evolution offers us anything it is that all males have an in‑built, almost uncontrollable instinct to procreate. This particular force of nature appears to be so strong that it can deliver the most successful of men into the arms of, among others, Jennifer Thompson, the 21-year-old who entrapped Wayne Rooney last year. When the crux of the theory hinges on the current generation improving on the last then I suppose occasionally even nature is flawed.
So, here we are, another week and another player falls foul of a kiss‑and‑tell story. "Thank goodness for the super injunction," says Player X. But do we even care? Do you get to the end of a tabloid story along those lines and think: "I really enjoyed reading that"? Probably not, I'd guess. If Charles Darwin were still around, perhaps they could also offer us a clue as to what drives our insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
I haven't played at a club which hasn't had a player caught out by their wife or girlfriend. Nor have I met a Wag – a term which, incidentally, nobody in football uses – who knows that the life they enjoy, which is provided by their husband, would be waiting for them elsewhere should they choose to leave him.
I know wives that have walked in on a player in full swing, gone shopping, come home and had their dinner on the table as if nothing had happened. And I know plenty of wives who simply cannot do without a designer wardrobe, two weeks in Dubai and half of Tiffany's every Christmas and birthday, and so turn a blind eye to promiscuous behaviour. This amicable agreement that dare not speak its name only becomes a problem when the media get hold of it.
The point is that if a player's wife needs their man to maintain a certain lifestyle, then the general rule of thumb is that things are brushed under the carpet as quickly as possible, if indeed there ever was a genuine grievance to begin with. We can all name those that the last sentence applies to. The exception is when a wife no longer needs the player or they discover the words self and respect and puts them together, as was the case with Cheryl Cole.
For my own part, I have no desire to inflict any of this torment on my wife and am happy to record that I am very content with my own situation. It should also be pointed out that I have seen things that would frighten me to death, were I tempted to think otherwise, including the antics of two team-mates who make a very good double act, and I'm not talking about their partnership on the field.
Always out together, they bring untold riches back to hotels and have what might be described, by some, as a very pleasant evening. I know this because another player filmed them and showed everyone. If ever I needed another example of why it is not a good idea to mess around as a married man, it was presented to me on a screen three inches by four and in remarkable clarity. When one of the protagonists was confronted with it they laughed their head off. I would hate to see what scares him.
It's no great secret why footballers are so sought-after for a quick one between the sheets. They are seen as a trophy among certain girls, including some of the groupies that I see hanging around outside the training ground and try to avoid like the plague. Some women seem deluded enough to think they may end up happily ever after, while others appear happy with the idea that a one‑night stand with a footballer is a notch on their belt as well as the player's.
So what is in it for the married player? After all, the risk and reward are completely out of sync with each other – so much to lose for the sake of five minutes of lust. That's the theory. The reality is that many will get off on the idea that you can sit down with a stunning woman and she'll hang on your every word, laugh at the worst jokes as if you're a stand-up comedian and be impressed when the champagne bottles keep arriving. In short, a player can have their ego stroked relentlessly and get their leg over believing that nine times out of 10 he'll get away with it.
I've also started to think there is another possible reason for the scale of infidelity among footballers, other than the obvious absence of a moral compass, and that is that far too many players get married at a very young age. Lots of footballers have childhood sweethearts – the best footballer gets together with the prettiest girl at the school syndrome – and have kids with them before they have had the chance to "sow their oats" or "play the field".
Yet further down the road, when a player begins to earn the big bucks, that's when the temptations really start. I see a situation occasionally unfold where young players and their girlfriends arrive at the club, barely able to hold a conversation with anyone else at first and untouched by the football lifestyle. Within a few years the kids are with a nanny, the wife is on the phone to the travel agents every five minutes and the player is in a hotel room licking Cristal off a … well, you get the idea.
So what can we conclude from all of this? A couple of things: that my daughter will be told to stay away from footballers and that Darwin's prediction that "light will be thrown on the origin of man and their history" never took into account the super injunction.
Follow the Secret Footballer on Twitter: @TSFguardian
When starting a business, you must first identify a profitable idea. The operative word here being “profitable.” That's what businesses are meant to do, right? Create profit! Seems simple enough, but this step is frequently underestimated… or even flat-out ignored. Because of this, most businesses are doomed right from the beginning. Having said that, a profitable idea is not enough. Before starting a business, run it by these five tests. If it passes, go for it. If not, modify the idea so that it does pass these five tests, or come up with a new idea altogether. Your success and financial freedom depends on it.
When starting a business, you must first identify a profitable idea. The operative word here being “profitable.” That's what businesses are meant to do, right? Create profit! Seems simple enough, but this step is frequently underestimated… or even flat-out ignored. Because of this, most businesses are doomed right from the beginning. Having said that, a profitable idea is not enough. Before starting a business, run it by these five tests. If it passes, go for it. If not, modify the idea so that it does pass these five tests, or come up with a new idea altogether. Your success and financial freedom depends on it.
Test #1 – Is there a need for your product or service?
A business that satisfies a need thrives. An “urgent” need or an irrational passion is what you should aim for, but a need can be a point of pain, a gap in service, an unsolved problem or an emotional disconnect. Oh, the type of need to which I'm referencing is a need in the marketplace, as opposed to your own personal needs. The market doesn't care about what you need. The market only cares about what your business can do for them. When starting a business, it's extremely easy to forget this. Don't.
Test #2 – Is the starting of your business an event, or a process?
If your business can be up and running in a day, the barrier to entry is too low… of which results in competition being too high. High competition kills margins and profit. Starting a business, a successful business, is a process. Typically, the higher the barrier to entry, the lower the competition you will encounter. Low competition = more profit. If “everyone is doing it,” you shouldn't.
Test #3 – Who is in control?
Always be in control of your business, and that includes everything. Refrain from taking on partners and investors as long as you can, and even when you reach that point where you can't seem to go any further on your own… hold out a little longer and push through. Strive to control your organization, your products, your pricing, your business model and your operational choices. If you don't control your business, somebody else will. And at that point, it's no longer a business for you. It's a job.
Test #4 – How many people can you reach?
If you want to make millions, you must be able to reach millions. The growth of your business will be limited to your reach. The further your reach, the greater the potential for wealth. It's okay to build locally when starting a business, but always be thinking globally.
Test #5 – Will your business forever require your presence?
If your business will never run without you, it's not a business. It's a job. From the very beginning of starting a business, you must be system oriented. Systems allow you to work on your business instead of working in your business.
If your idea passed the five tests above, awesome! Go for it! I have high hopes for you. If not, use the list of business ideas below to inspire a revision of your current idea or to come up with a new idea for starting a business entirely.
Before you even look at the list of ideas below, grab a pen and a piece of paper. Let's identify your “top 5” skills, strengths and interests. If starting a business is a serious venture for you, do this exercise.
Skills
1. _________________________________________________
2. _________________________________________________
3. _________________________________________________
4. _________________________________________________
5. _________________________________________________
Strengths
1. _________________________________________________
2. _________________________________________________
3. _________________________________________________
4. _________________________________________________
5. _________________________________________________
Interests
1. _________________________________________________
2. _________________________________________________
3. _________________________________________________
4. _________________________________________________
5. _________________________________________________
With all of the above in mind, read the list of ideas below. When you come across an idea that catches your attention, ask yourself “What type of business could I create around this idea that would incorporate my skills, strengths and interests while also passing the five tests above?” When you can answer this question, starting a business is your next step!
Ideas for Starting a Business –
Technical writing
Copywriting and editing
Project management
Consulting
Business writing (business plans, grants, white papers, proposals)
Sales
Public relations
Research
Transcription
Human resources / payroll services
Event planning / promotion
Video production / editing
Design (brochures, business cards, logos, newsletters)
Web design
Audio production
Photography
Presentation design (Keynote, PowerPoint, etc.)
Internet marketing consulting
Search engine optimization (SEO)
Pay-per-click advertising (PPC)
Google Analytics
Programming / web development
E-commerce consulting
Lead generation
Computer networking
Database administration
Community management / promotion
Blogging / blog consulting
Small business marketing
IT Security
Education (college/SAT prep, math and english, language, LSAT prep)
Productivity coaching
Sports / Personal Training
Business training
Martial arts instruction
Dance / choreography
Dating / social skills
Music
Accounting / bookkeeping
Tax and financial planning
Travel Planning
Personal / virtual assistant
Cooking / personal chef
Courier services
Pet services (grooming, walking, etc.)
General computer help / training
Career help (finding work, optimizing resumes, cover letters, interviews)
Home maintenance / organizing
Fashion / image consulting
Physical therapy
Public speaking outreach
Child care
Automobile / Motorcycle repair
At the Casa de la Musica Piano Bar/El Diablo Tun Tun in the Miramar neighborhood of Havana, two women talk as musician Ray Fernández plays on stage. The bar attracts a new generation of hip young Cubans.
Jan. 29, 2015 At the Casa de la Musica Piano Bar/El Diablo Tun Tun in the Miramar neighborhood of Havana, two women talk as musician Ray Fernández plays on stage. The bar attracts a new generation of hip young Cubans. Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post
In various cities, citizens display their industry and leisure, along with patriotism and, for some, a love of the United States.
In various cities, citizens display their industry and leisure, along with patriotism and, for some, a love of the United States.
In various cities, citizens display their industry and leisure, along with patriotism and, for some, a love of the United States.
At the gates of the city's largest cemetery, a feverish 34-year-old Fidel Castro was rallying rifle-toting militiamen to battle. It was April 16, 1961. The Bay of Pigs invasion was underway. The Americans were behind it.
“What they will never forgive us for,” Castro roared, “is that we have made a socialist revolution right under their noses!”
Here was Castro's political confession. Generations of Cuban schoolchildren would memorize the event as the “Declaration of the Socialist Character of the Revolution.” Until that moment Castro had insisted to their country, and suspicious U.S. officials, that their revolution was a nationalist one. Not anymore.
“Fidel!” the militiamen shouted. “Khrushchev! We're with you!”
Almost 54 years after that turn toward Nikita Khrushchev's Soviet Union, Cuba is at another defining moment. With its state-run economic model exhausted, U.S. relations on the mend and the long Castro era coming to a close, a subtle shift is underway to once more make Cuban nationalism the meaning of its revolution. Younger generations of Cubans will have to decide if they believe that.
At Manuel Valdes Rodriguez Municipal Primary School in Havana, Cristian Gongora, 10, shows salutes the flag after singing the national anthem before going to their classroom. (Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post)
The revolution's many detractors say it has been little more than a ruse for the Castros to remain in power. If so, they are nearly out of time. Fidel is 88 and too frail to appear in public. Their brother, Raúl, is 83, and says they will step down in 2018, leaving them three years to redefine Cuba's relationship with the United States and hand off an economic and political system capable of enduring beyond the brothers' rule.
They have long depicted their revolution as an evolutionary process, not something that ended with guerrilla victory in 1959. They also insisted that Cubans be for it or against it, and two generations later, this has produced a kind of collective revulsion at politics.
“C'mon, man, don't ask me about that,” said one 23-year-old computer engineering graduate, selling phone cards in the street. They said they were too fearful to give their name to a foreign reporter. “I'm just trying to survive.”
In the years before failing health forced Fidel Castro aside, when they were still buoyed from the Elián González saga, the nation's leader declared a “battle of ideas” in a last-ditch effort to rescue younger Cubans from the ideological contamination they had incurred in the post-Soviet austerity period. They wanted to warn them against the temptations of capitalism, individualism and materialism. It was too late.
Cuba today is a place where many young people idolize the United States and display little patience for the state-run economic model that has left much of their country in ruins. There is no stigma any more toward entrepreneurship or private business. Real estate agents in Havana's newly liberalized housing market signal high quality with the phrase “construción capitalista,” meaning a property that was built in the pre-Revolutionary period, when people cared about aesthetics and workmanship.
Indeed, nearly everything beautiful about Cuban architecture comes from this era, and the more that communist authorities had to promote the island's attractions for its tourism industry, the more Cubans themselves began to internalize their “capitalist” heritage as a better time.
In the Raúl Castro era, Cuba's revolutionary politics have receded. Gone is the constant churn of rallies and marches denouncing “the Empire.” There is no spellbinding leader speaking for hours on end.
1 of 23 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The roofs of Havana View Photos Above Cuba's capital is another city, with makeshift apartments, tiny gardens and places to play and find solitude. Caption Above the Cuban capital is another city, where people live, play and find some quiet. Erislandy Reyes, who lives across the street from Josue Gutierrez in Old Havana, lets one of their pigeons loose to fly around the neighborhood. Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Ask young Cubans today what the purpose of the revolution was, and chances are they'll say free health care and education. Canada has that, too, of course, as do plenty of other liberal democracies whose citizens enjoy far more freedom and prosperity.
Few Cubans think they have anything to lose by economic liberalization, or that Cuba could stop being a place where people look out for their neighbors, help strangers in the streets and live without fear of gangs or criminals. They do not see a trade-off or worry that Cuba will end up more like Mexico or the Dominican Republic than Miami.
“We have no alternative to opening up to private enterprise,” said Roberto Veiga, a founder of the civil society group Cuba Posible, which advocates gradual reform. “But the younger generations don't see a risk to the sense of equality and dignity that are positive achievements of the revolution.”
Since taking over for their brother in 2006, Raúl Castro has allowed Cubans to travel abroad, buy and sell their homes and run small businesses. The purpose of these liberalization measures — “updates” is the official term — is for more socialism, they insist, not less, and state-run companies will remain the core of Cuba's model.
This increasingly hybrid economy is evident at the very Havana intersection where Fidel Castro stamped “socialism” on the revolution in 1961. All the main commercial spaces belong to the government, but private entrepreneurs work the margins, selling shoes, hot churros and pirated copies of rapper Pitbull videos and “The Hangover.”
Cuba's updated version of socialism is one that eagerly partners with foreign capitalists to run heavy industries and all- ­inclusive tourist resorts. It is building luxury hotels and golf courses with Chinese bankers. It appears ready to roll out a red carpet for U.S. businesses willing to help break the trade embargo.
But with every tentative turn toward market economics, Cuban socialism becomes slipperier, less coherent, sending believers in the revolution looking for meaning elsewhere. Some appear to be turning back to the same Cuban nationalism Castro offered long ago.
It's an interpretation of the revolution that reaches back to Cuba's founding as a nation, and the bitterness left by the 1898 Spanish-American War, whose very name left Cubans out after their excruciating three-decade fight for independence. The ­United States kept Guantanamo Bay, and for decades afterward it reserved the right to intervene on the island at its whim.
Castro's revolution, in this version, was the event that truly fulfilled the wishes of independence hero José Martí and ended U.S. domination of the island.
In a ceremony loaded with symbolism and broadcast live on national television on Feb. 24, the anniversary of the day Martí launched their 1895 uprising against Spain, Raúl Castro pinned medals on the five Cuban intelligence agents — the “Cuban Five” — who returned in the prisoner swap at the center of the agreement with President Obama. The men were declared “Heroes of the Republic.”
Gerardo Hernandez, the group's ringleader, told Cubans their mission “was not over.” Cuba's new relationship with the United States would usher in an era of change that required a renewed patriotic commitment, they said. “There are, and will be, many ways to defend Cuba, and Cuba will always need loyal sons to look out for her,” Hernandez said.
Raúl Castro did not speak. In their place, City Historian Eusebio Leal gave a long lesson in Cuban history, from the country's origins to its colonial domination by Spain and the 19th-century patriots who rose up to fight for independence, forging a sense of nationhood despite their differences. It was a sweeping, slow- ­building speech, and at the end, Leal said Cuba had come to a new crossroads in its history, confronted by “a gentlemanly adversary who has lowered their aggressive posture, at least for a moment, giving us the opportunity to debate what we obviously need to debate at length.”
“What we need now more than ever is national unity,” they said.
On government calendars and stationery, 2015 is “Year 57 of the Revolution,” and that too is a milestone of sorts.
The period between Cuba's founding as a republic in 1902 and the Castros' rebel victory — the country's entire pre-Castro history — spans just 56 years and seven months. By the next Jan. 1 anniversary of their revolution, they will have been in power even longer.
Read more:
Havana, from on high
Is Cuba on the verge of major political reform?
In Cuba, a long-forgotten landmark of U.S. culture
This article is over 1 year old
Indian leaders seek to purge remnants of colonial past, as Elphinstone Road station becomes Prabhadevi after Hindu deity
Indian authorities are moving to strip Mumbai's railway stations of their British names, as leaders seek to purge the city of remnants of its colonial past.
Elphinstone Road station – named after a British-era governor – officially became Prabhadevi station this week, after a local Hindu deity, and ministers say more changes are in the works.
Indian railway 'coolies' to be renamed in bid to improve their status Read more
“We are working to rename railway stations as per locally known names instead of older names,” Diwakar Raote, transport minister for the Maharashtra state government, said on Friday.
Raote is a member of Shiv Sena, a local Hindu nationalist party which pushed through the renaming of India's financial capital from the British name Bombay to the local Marathi name Mumbai in 1995.
It is currently the junior partner in a coalition with the India's ruling Bharatiya Janata party in Maharashtra, of which Mumbai is the capital, and has long campaigned for colonial monikers to be scrapped.
In 1996 it was instrumental in changing the name of Mumbai's main railway station, built in the 1880s, from Victoria Terminus to Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus after a 17th-century Hindu warrior king.
John Elphinstone, the 13th Lord Elphinstone, was the governor of the Bombay presidency from 1853 to 1860. After the station named for them was changed on Tuesday, a Shiv Sena MP said they had other stations in their sights.
“I have demanded that Currey Road station be named Lalbaugh, Sandhurst Road station as Dongri, Reay Road as Ghodapdeo, Cotton Green as Kalachowki, Mumbai Central as Nana Chowk, Grant Road as Gaondevi,” the Press Trust of India news agency quoted politician Arvind Sawant as saying.
Critics say the name changes are a cynical ploy to appeal to the local Maratha community, which makes up the bulk of Shiv Sena's support base, while historians lament any attempt to eradicate the city's history.
“[Name changes] are an erasure of our city's past. Every historic milestone in the city's development is being whitewashed as those undertaking these renaming exercises don't see the nuances of these names,” historian Sifra Lentin told AFP.
The decision was taken following on from the death of Salom during Moto2 practice on Friday, which occurred after the Spaniard fell from their bike at the high-speed right-hander Turn 12.
It is understood that MotoGP riders were unhappy about the prospect of having to use a corner where there is no gravel to slow down the bike in the event of a crash – only tarmac run-off.
As such, following a meeting of the Safety Commission, riders will now follow the path used by F1 since the 2007 Spanish Grand Prix, the first edition of the race to use the chicane that bypasses Turn 12.
The F1 layout also features a shortened and sharper version of Turn 10, the left-hander hairpin at the end of the back straight, which has more tarmac run-off.
This will also be used for the remainder of the MotoGP weekend, reducing the circuit length from 4.727km to 4.655km. The layout was briefly sampled by riders in a post-race test in 2014.
To afford the riders more time to practice using the revised layout, Saturday morning's free practice session has been extended to one hour, running from 0950 to 1050 local time.
Water companies warn of the likelihood of more shortages due to climate change and lack of investment in infrastructure
Londoners face a one in five probability of queuing in the street at standpipes for their water for days or weeks during a sweltering summer in the coming 25 years, owing to drought brought about by climate change and a lack of water infrastructure, new data suggests.
As the UK basked in unaccustomed September heat, with temperatures topping 30C on Tuesday, a report commissioned by water companies found that the likelihood of droughts was increasing, while investment in water supplies failed to keep up with likely demand.
The threat to London is particularly dire, as the population of the south-east of England is set to increase markedly while steady rainfall declines, and there are few new sites available for the reservoirs that may be needed.
The economic costs of such a drought would amount to as much as £1.3bn a day in the most severe case, according to the report, published on Tuesday by Water UK, the trade association for water utilities.
The report, called Water Resources: Long-term Planning Framework, shows a 20% chance of a drought requiring standpipes in London for periods of several days to weeks occurring in the next 25 years.
Avoiding such a probability would cost an extra £3bn to £5bn, added to customers' bills on top of inflation and other infrastructure costs, according to Doug Hunt, of the engineering firm Atkins, a co-author of the study, which was commissioned from engineering companies and academics and paid for by water companies.
While the likelihood of future floods has taken up political attention, owing to dire events in recent winters and the millions of people displaced from their houses, with associated costs, the risk of future droughts has been largely overlooked.
Droughts have tended to be more of a problem for farmers than urban residents, for whom hosepipe bans have been the main effect. But the UK's creaking infrastructure and the increased severity of climate change are likely to mean that Londoners in particular face a future where serious water shortages become more common.
The UK is currently experiencing its hottest September days since 1949. Globally, data just published shows that August and July were the hottest yet on record.
The last major drought warnings for most of the country occurred in 2012, but there have been localised problems and close calls since. Britain's water and sewage infrastructure were built, from the 19th century, to withstand far different weather circumstances than those that are beginning to prevail as global warming takes hold.
Climate change is likely to mean an increase in extreme weather of all kinds - floods, droughts, heatwaves and fiercer storms - with changes in rainfall patterns having knock-on effects on current infrastructure.
One thing that both droughts and flooding have in common is a lack of storage space for water: in the case of floods, centuries-old storage spaces such as river flood plains and water meadows have been drained or redeveloped for agriculture and housing; and in the case of droughts, few new reservoirs have been built in the areas where they are most needed, particularly in the south-east of England.
Sewage is also a key problem, as sewers can overflow during floods but become backed-up during droughts, when there is not enough water to flush material through the pipes. When rainfall resumes after a period of drought, the resulting back-up can cause blocked sewers and flooding.
Thames Water has been criticised for selling off 25 of its reservoirs in the wake of privatisation, despite the threat of water shortages in London.
Hunt told the Guardian that these reservoirs would have had “no effect” on the utility's current and future resilience to drought, as they were “service” reservoirs intended to balance the load between supply and changing demand, rather than “storage” reservoirs to collect water.
However, the company is now facing having to buy new - and expensive - land for creating new storage reservoirs around London in order to provide reassurance against shortages, if measures to encourage residents to reduce their water use are insufficiently effective.
Michael Roberts, chief executive of Water UK, the utilities' trade body, said: “Since privatisation, the industry has invested billions of pounds in securing the nation's precious water resources, but we all need to do more in the face of current and future pressures on those resources.”
Rose O'Neill, freshwater programme manager at WWF-UK, said that abstraction licences, used mainly water companies and farmers to take water from existing rivers, lakes and underground sources, should come under urgent review.
They said: “Pressure on our rivers and water supplies is only going to rise. We need to act now to ensure we have enough water for people and nature in years to come. [The system of granting and monitoring] abstraction licences is out-of-date, unsustainable and not fit for purpose. It urgently needs reform.”
Simon Gosling, associate professor in climate risk at the University of Nottingham, said the report added to the body of evidence that the UK should expect and increase in the frequency and severity of droughts, owing to climate change. “This, when coupled with projected population growth scenarios, creates an important risk to water infrastructure as a result of water demand exceeding the available supply,” they said.
“One of the recommendations in the report is for a ‘twin track' approach to future water management, which would involve an enhancement in the supply of water along with improved management of the demand for water. This recommendation confirms one of the conclusions from the UK Climate Change Risk Assessment, published earlier this year, which noted that new policies and increased efforts are needed in order to provide more ambitious reductions in water consumption, and planning of new water supply infrastructure.”
Dr Marc Stutter, a research leader on water management at the James Hutton Institute in Scotland, told the Guardian that the report should help policymakers looking at government actions such as the licensing of businesses that need to use water.
They said: “In terms of the disposal route of effluents to waters these are based on licensing discharge based on a safe level of effluent dilution with river flows. These need to recognise future risks of extreme drought and impaired dilution leading to severe ecological stress. The modelled scenarios [in the report] are a good basis [for further study] to understand drought effects for business sectors and the environment that rely on water.”
Dr Richard Harding, research fellow at the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology, added: “The UK, particularly the south-east, faces a critical water supply situation in the coming decades, with the twin pressures of rising population and the likelihood of increasing drought due to climate change. We mustn't let the recent run of wet years, since 2012, lull us into a sense of complacency, because the weather patterns could very well switch, as they did in the spring of 2012.”
AFTER four and a half years that have ravaged the country and sucked in ever more combatants—the latest being Turkey—Syria's ghastly civil war seems as intractable as ever. But like the twisting narrative of an endless television serial, its multiple subplots do give hints of inching to a conclusion. Not, most likely, in this current hot and bloody summer season, but perhaps in the not-too-distant future.
Until early this year two of Syria's players, the regime of Bashar Assad and Islamic State (IS), were in the ascendant. The tide against both has since turned. Recent analysis by Jane's, a defence analyst, suggests that after a series of losses to both IS and other, rival rebel groups, the area fully controlled by government forces has shrunk since January by some 16%, to a mere 30,000 square kilometres (11,600 square miles), or barely a sixth of Syria's territory.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
And this was before a recent offensive by a coalition of mostly Islamist militias calling itself Jaish al-Fatah, which on July 28th captured the government's last salient on the route linking Syria's second city, Aleppo, to the coast. The advance, which follows the fall in March of a provincial capital, Idlib, and of another big town, Jisr al-Shughour, in April, further consolidates rebel control of Idlib province. Jaish al-Fatah now threatens both the surrounding rich agricultural region and the coastal mountain range that is the heartland of Mr Assad's own Alawite sect.
Earlier this year, Mr Assad's forces lost the desert city of Palmyra to IS, as well as their last toeholds in the far south, along the border with Jordan, to other rebel groups. Far to the east a government enclave around the town of Hassaka has held out against IS attacks, chiefly due to help from autonomous Kurdish and Christian militias. Whereas last year government forces appeared poised to encircle rebels in Aleppo, at present it is Mr Assad's men, who hold half the city but rely on long, exposed supply lines, that look vulnerable on this far more vital front.
Analysts cite several reasons for the government's setbacks. Foreign backers of Sunni rebel groups, including Saudi Arabia and Turkey, have increased the volume and quality of military supplies, helping redress a stark imbalance in firepower. Mr Assad's own forces, depleted by attrition, desertion and a leakage from the formal army into informal pro-government local militias, no longer have the manpower and discipline to sustain multiple fronts. They rely increasingly on foreign Shia “volunteers”, including Iranian-trained Iraqi and Afghan fighters, and Lebanon's Hizbullah. The latter has been bogged down in a long siege of the town of Zabadani, a rebel enclave on the border with Lebanon.
The government's retrenchment may be partially deliberate. “Hizbullah and Iran had been asking Mr Assad to adopt a more realistic strategy, “ says Emile Hokayem of the International Institute for Strategic Studies. “He resisted admitting that they could not control all Syria's corners, but realised that is untenable.” The Syrian president conceded as much in a recent speech. “We must define the important regions that the armed forces hold onto so it doesn't allow the collapse of the rest,” they said. Having recently granted an amnesty to deserters in an effort to drum up recruits, Mr Assad also hinted that the government may order a general mobilisation, allowing it to commandeer vehicles, machinery and other civilian property.
Despite the fact that Turkey has long argued for a stronger international effort against Mr Assad, its formal entry into the fray is unlikely to tip the equation decisively against Syria's regime. Iran, soon to be flush with funds unblocked by the lifting of sanctions, is for now at least still committed to propping up the Syrian leader. Even with better weapons and stronger momentum, Sunni rebels lack both the manpower and unity of command needed for a push towards Damascus, the Syrian capital. Some of their component groups, such as Jabhat al-Nusra, which declares allegiance to al-Qaeda, remain anathema to Western powers who might otherwise be keener to accelerate Mr Assad's fall.
Despite its success at Palmyra, IS's “caliphate” is an unhappy place, bludgeoned from the air by coalition strikes and shrinking in size. Kurdish forces have relentlessly expanded since breaking the jihadists' siege of Kobane last winter, most recently seizing the town of Sarrin on the Euphrates River. While few expect any sudden collapse, many analysts believe that, barring some error by its enemies that would win it a flood of new allies, IS may have already peaked in size and strength.
If hopes for a speedy resolution on the ground in Syria are dim, some see chinks of light on the diplomatic front, where the nuclear deal over Iran has focused minds on resolving other regional issues. When a large group of foreign ministers, including those of America and Russia, meet in Qatar on August 3rd, ostensibly to reassure Gulf Arabs about the nuclear agreement, Syria is sure to be on the agenda.
The first US Navy F/A-18E/F Super Hornet to receive service life modification upgrades will arrive at Boeing's St. Louis facility next April and will leave with an additional 3,000 flight hours of service life, Boeing's vice president of F/A-18 programmes tells FlightGlobal.
Unlike the legacy Hornet fleet, the Super Hornet modification will not entail one large replacement such as the centre barrel, says Dan Gillian. Instead, modifications will be distributed across the aircraft with a focus on corrosion, a perennial hurdle for the carrier-based aircraft.
After testing two F/A-18 “learning aircraft,” Boeing found corrosion was well maintained on Super Hornets that fly regularly but cropped up often on aircraft that had been grounded for a while. Boeing will not change materials on the aircraft but plans to use data analytics to predict how the navy should handle varied corrosion issues, Gillian says.
“We think the first 30-ish airplanes that we get our hands will help us dial in our data analytics predictive models to make those unknown things known,” they say. “There will be a lot of learning early in the program, which is one of the reasons the first of those airplanes is going to come to St Louis where we have the core of the engineering team.”
Once the service life modification (SLM) programme is stable, Boeing will add Block III capabilities onto the modified aircraft around 2022, they add. That package will include conformal fuel tanks, Raytheon APG-63(V)3 radar, Block IV integrated defensive electronic countermeasures and a Block II integrated defensive electronic countermeasures system (IDECM).
Navy pilots will fly a stealthier F/A-18 after the modifications are complete, though the fighter will complement rather than compete with the Lockheed Martin F-35. Besides a fresh coating and painting, Gillian would not elaborate on engine inlet changes that could improve the F/A-18's stealth characteristics.
“Super Hornet is a pretty stealthy airplane today,” Gillian says. “This is low level improvements that are pretty simple to make, buying a little bit of margin, not trying to drastically change the airplane.”
Block III will be initially introduced through new aircraft off the line, followed by the Block II to III conversions, Gillian says. The president's fiscal year 2018 budget funded 80 Super Hornets over the next five years, with 14 aircraft in FY2018 and 66 new Block III aircraft spread across FY2019 through FY2022.
The FY2018 budget also included about $265 million in research funding to support Block III capabilities including the conformal fuel tanks, advanced cockpit system, IRST21 (infrared search and track) and AESA radar upgrades. Boeing has been developing the advanced cockpit system for more than a year and plans to fly both the ACS and conformal fuel tanks with the navy in 2018, Gillian says. The Block III F/A-18 will also come equipped with Tactical Targeting Networking Technology (TTNT). The non-stealthy data-link is already a programme of record of the navy's E2-D Hawkeye early warning aircraft and Boeing is now focusing on delivering the technology to the EA-18G Growler and Super Hornet, Gillian says.
Boeing has retooled the Block III concept to move away from a configuration that once included an enclosed weapons pod, now favoring a design that would allow the navy to hang a variety of weapons on the aircraft. But Gillian was also careful not to characterize the newest F/A-18 as a bomb truck.
“I think that's old parlance for the super hornet's mission,” they say. “I think both of the navy's next [generation] fighters will play multiple role in air-to-air and air-to-ground but both are networked and survivable.”
A 72-year-old woman in Burnham, Maine died from a heart attack after a naked intruder broke into their home in April, according to police and medical records.
The cause of death for Joyce Wood was a coronary artery disease-induced attack, according to the records obtained Monday by the Morning Sentinel.
On April 2, Wood called police around 3 a.m. and said a woman had broken into their house and jumped in their bed, the autopsy report showed.
Family arrived at Wood's house before police and helped them into a car in the driveway, an official said at the time. It was there that they suffered the heart attack that killed them
The medical examiner, who conducted the autopsy shortly after the incident, ruled Wood's death a homicide. The results were withheld at the time pending further investigation, according to the medical examiner's office.
Police searched the property and found “a naked woman hiding in the house” and boots down the street that “probably belonged to the naked woman,” according to the medical examiner's report.
The suspect, later identified as Tara Shibles, 37, was questioned for several hours before eventually being released, according to an official.
Shibles has since been charged and indicted by a Waldo County Grand Jury with manslaughter, aggravated criminal trespassing and assault.
Coronary artery disease restricts blood flow to the heart and any strain on a person's body can be fatal, according to Mark Belserene, an administrator at the medical examiner's office.
The incident at Wood's house induced enough stress to cause their death, the medical examiner said.
Shibles' trial is set for December.
"I just happen to have a chance-cube here. Blue—it's the boy. Red—his mother." ―Watto, deciding whether to wager Anakin Skywalker or their mother in a bet [src]
A chance cube, or chance-cube, was a gambling device in the form of a small cube. Some types of chance-cube could only give two results after being thrown, as three of their sides were one color, while the other three were another color. Toydarians like Watto[1] or King Katuunko were known for using such chance-cubes.[3] Imperial cadets Pandak Symes and Nazhros Oleg used a chance cube to decide who would get the bottom bunk in their barrack, with Symes winning the roll.[5]
Another variant had the cube marked on each face with from one to six spots. Han Solo had a pair of such cubes decorating the cockpit of their starship, the Millennium Falcon.[2] It was Solo's copilot, Chewbacca, who had hung those cubes as a joke several years before the Battle of Yavin.[6]
In grav-ball, the team that won the chance-cube toss got to start at the center of the game's grid.[7]
Appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
There are few moves in basketball as beautiful as Steph Curry's crossover and step-back jumper combination. A fluid blend of precision and artistry, Curry's patented Steph-Back J is nearly unguardable.
Marcelinho Huertas - perhaps the best guard in the world not in the NBA - got an up-close look at Curry's poetry in motion Saturday night as USA Basketball played Brazil in an exhibition contest. The NBA caught the move via the slow-motion Phantom Cam, and so we can appreciate it detail by detail.
Watch below as Curry first goes left-to-right behind their back to free themselves some space, then stops on a dime to use Huertas' momentum against them before crossing back to their left hand. That's freed up enough space for Curry to fire off perhaps the most picture-perfect jumper this side of Ray Allen.
And then you look at him, and say 'what?'
A year and half after taking over the 911 calls for 14 Santa Clara County cities and its vast unincorporated areas, the Rural Metro ambulance company has violated its contract by repeatedly responding too slowly to emergencies, has paid more than $4.7 million in fines and faces the threat of the first paramedics strike in recent history.
County Executive Jeff Smith said last week that with just one more contract violation of the type that occurred in 2011 and twice in 2012 the county may have to consider terminating the agreement with the Scottsdale, Ariz.-based company, which was notified Jan. 18 that it was in breach of contract. Rural Metro's performance is being closely watched in part because of the process under which it took over the county's ambulance contract from a longtime incumbent in 2011.
“We've made it clear to them we have remedies that go beyond fines,” Smith said. “We've specifically told them that if you can't perform, we're going to cancel the contract and start all over again.”
Although the ambulance company's failures to meet required response times of less than 12 minutes affected only a small fraction of the roughly 6,500 trips Rural Metro makes each month, Smith and other industry watchers called the breach significant.
“It's not significant to the point where any patients were put at risk,” Smith said, “but weaknesses in the system could have been exploited by a disaster — and therefore it's not acceptable.”
After initially denying the violations occurred, Rural Metro has since submitted to county officials a “system enhancement plan,” and its California spokesperson Michael Simonsen notes: “We haven't been out of compliance since, and we don't plan on ever being out of compliance again.”
Simonsen emphasized the late response times that led to the contract violation amounted to a few calls in October and December of last year — and that in other months, Rural Metro responders exceeded the response time expectations. The county requires ambulances to arrive in less than 12 minutes 90 percent of the time.
“The breach occurred several months ago, it's almost old news at this point as far as I'm concerned,” Simonsen said. “But we take it very seriously. There's no question that while it's literally a fraction of a percentage, literally a handful of calls, that caused us to fall below the 90 percent, we still take it extremely seriously.”
Rural Metro took over the county's main ambulance contract for its 1.8 million residents in July 2011, after beating out the provider of more than 40 years, American Medical Response, with a far cheaper bid. The $375 million contract award followed years of study and a bitter battle between the two national ambulance chains that made the final cut.
The resulting 5-year contract is considered exceptionally tough, with fines for performance failure amounting to more than 10 times what the previous provider faced.
Rural Metro has paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a month in these fines, now totaling more than $4.7 million, for such things as failing to have three ambulances ready to deploy and for each minute they have been late to emergency scenes. That revenue goes into a special “trust fund” managed by county emergency medical services staff members. The trust fund has been used in part for public service announcements, training, conferences and staff recognition.
Just two weeks into the contract, Rural Metro failed to meet its response times in a northern section of the county, arriving within the 12-minute required time frame only 83 percent of the time. Similar violations occurred again in October 2012, when they came closer but fell short with an 89.57 percent rate. And then in the San Jose area in December, the response again fell below 90 percent; an 89.66 percent rate. The two violations within six months of each other triggered the January “material breach” of contract.
The 90 percent response time requirement is standard industrywide, and had not been missed by AMR in more than 10 years in the county, according to that company's west coast CEO, Tom Wagner.
Milpitas Fire Chief Brian Sturdivant said their community was excited when Rural Metro took over, because they were going to get an additional two “posts” — which means ambulance workers stationed in a trailer at firehouses ready to deploy around the clock. Instead, Sturdivant's firefighters describe occasionally waiting longer for ambulances to come after the first responders arrive on crisis scenes. The “response time issues” they described include waiting “an extended amount of time with active CPR in progress on critical calls.”
Meanwhile, labor unrest could add even more pressure to an already touchy situation. On April 17, Rural Metro's employees — who include paramedics, emergency medical technicians, dispatchers and vehicle supply staff members — voted 97 percent in favor of authorizing their bargaining team to call a strike as a last resort. The last time a similar vote was taken was in 1993 in Alameda County, and one occurred in San Mateo County in 1988.
As talks continue, both sides say they are hopeful an agreement will be reached. But backup plans are in place, company and county officials confirmed. Neither would elaborate on details.
The ambulance company's woes have yet to be discussed publicly by county supervisors.
But Supervisor Joe Simitian, the sole board member who is newly elected and did not vote on the ambulance contract, said they had cause for “serious concern” about Rural Metro's performance to date. “If they haven't got it right, they need to get it right,” they said, “and they need to get it right quickly.”
Contact Karen de Sá at 408-920-5781.
Confusing Interface
A still from HBO GO's web interface.
Take a look at the screenshot above. Some of the options presented by the interface make sense. There is a play button — we've seen that before. There is an information radial button, which we can assume gives you information about the episode you're watching (it does). There are buttons that activate subtitles, change the volume, and inform you on the quality of your connection.
But then there are the arrows. What, at first glance, would you assume the arrows do? I took it as an easy way to flip through episodes of a series — finish one episode and hit the arrow to quickly move on to the next. Try clicking on them, and you'll be surprised when you are instead brought to a seemingly arbitrary title from HBO's catalogue: the next item in your watchlist.
What is the watchlist you ask? Well, it's a video playlist that you can populate by hitting the little plus-sign radial button underneath the play button. This list isn't automatically updated — you have to manually select each episode you want to add. There is no easy way to move from one episode to the next, and the obvious choice provided by the interface (the two large arrows that always buttress the video) does not fulfill the task the user expects it to.
And, as a side note — there is absolutely no reason the fullscreen button should place above the playhead. I've accidentally skipped to the end of a video too many times. Why can't it be next to, or below the end of the playhead, like any other video player in existence? Placing it above the playhead makes the user more prone to error — move too high and you pause the video, move too low and you skip to the end. With the fullscreen button placed on the side or below the playhead, this error is eliminated; the user can always aim low, since there is nothing below the video player that effects the playback of the video.
click image (Flickr/Scott L.)
Chicago taxi drivers demonstrated outside City Hall and circled neighboring streets to protest the granting of a city license to rideshare company Uber in February.
"You Uber?"
The cop's gruff tone was not curious but accusatory. They looked both pissed and eager to take care of business, their squad car's gumball lights a-spinnin'.
"Yes, sir," I replied.
"Pull into that spot and turn off your car!" they barked.
I stayed, outwardly a mellow fellow. I was in suburban North Chicago at the Great Lakes Naval Station, as summoned by Uber app. I was there to pick up three uniformed guys at the same spot I'd been the night before, dropping off another navy man.
But this time the city of North Chicago was ready. Apparently, the city had a new law requiring Uber drivers to get $450 permits before they could drive.
Awkwardly, my three passengers were in the car with me. Now one of them gestured to a handful of cabbies parked on the other side of the pickup area.
"Those guys over there pointed you out," they said.
"Oh yeah?" I said, striking a tone of nonchalance.
It wasn't easy. Up until that moment, I'd had only sympathy for traditional cabdrivers, even though I was an Uber.
That's because I've also been a cabbie; I leased a cab during my student days 35 years ago. Its owner made the rules: I could drive 4 AM to 4 PM (only one rush hour) six days a week, for which I paid them $20 a day. Gas was on me. In those days, I wished for my own cab, to drive whenever I wanted without having to buy a medallion or pay someone else rent.
Uber finally made that possible. No overhead for leasing a cab means there's no driving too little to “make up your nut,” as we used to say. The advantages don't end there. While a cabbie, I was robbed at gunpoint, but with Uber everything is done by preregistered credit card, so its drivers don't need to carry cash.
There are other pluses too. But whether they add up enough to make it worth it depends on your expectations—and whether they're low enough.
Uber knows (or seems to believe) that every time an Uber driver drops out there are ten more to take their place, happy with the way things are because it's all they've ever known. People are lining up to drive Uber, and cabbies are panicking.
United Taxidrivers Community Council has called for a citywide taxi strike Thursday to protest Mayor Emanuel's plan to allow Uber and other rideshare services to pick up at the last bastions of sacred cabbie ground: the airports and McCormick Place. The advocacy group says that cabs have already lost 30 to 40 percent of their business to rideshare. Of course they hate Uber.
Ironically, so do plenty of Ubers.
Chicago ranks low in Uber earnings potential compared to other U.S. cities. One recent survey by the Benenson Strategy Group found that Chicago Uber drivers pulled in around $16 an hour, while New Yorkers made almost $30. That only added fuel to the inferno lit when Uber announced that new drivers would be coughing up 25 percent of their gross fares to Uber—a 5 percent increase—on top of the $1.30 per ride in taxes and other fees the company already collects. Veterans remember when Uber took less and the take-home was, according to them, much better. But few drivers coming on since Uber increased its cut will even be aware of the change.
North Chicago's ordinance was another change we Ubers didn't know about.
Back at the naval station, more squad cars pulled into the lot—six, seven, and an eighth before they were adequately prepared to move me into a squad car to be transported to the police station. I was lucky; I had enough cash (via the courthouse ATM) to retrieve my car and get home by evening. But it was not a good day as earnings go. And that's not saying much.
Many potential drivers are lured by Uber's ads. In one absurd standout, a jovial Uber driver remarks how, if they want to make $200 in a day, that's what they do. Or $500 in a day? “Sure," they say enthusiastically. "It's all up to you!"
That is pure fantasy, and if cabbies want to be effective in their fight against rideshare, they should counterattack with a few realities.
I'm far from a great Uber driver, but not terrible. Here's how I did: In just over six weeks, I drove a total of 21 days. My longest day was 11 hours, my shortest two hours. I bought 20 tanks of gas at $2.50 a gallon, costing me approximately $800. (This is huge: it helps to have a hybrid instead of a car that gets, as mine does, 25 miles per gallon.) I washed the car each week, including light detailing, for a total of $120.
So my total gross from driving was $2,089.88, from which Uber took $531.81. (That will be more for a driver starting now with the new 25 percent cut). My take: $1,558.07. Subtracting for gas and washes, that leaves a depressing $638.07 net profit.
Hourly, that's only $5.83.
I figured that out while sitting in the North Chicago police station as my car and I were processed after my Sunday-morning bust. That, by the way, cost me $760.
Uber did reimburse me for that charge, since North Chicago has made a habit of creating anti-Uber ordinances but, oops, "forgetting" to let the public know.
Still, I'm not optimistic about my Uber future. It is hard to imagine the money improving, considering the company's aggressive—and clearly successful—efforts to recruit new drivers, combined with Uber's willingness to squeeze drivers by taking bigger and bigger slices of their earnings pie. Uber offers cash rewards to drivers when they recruit other drivers, but it's a mixed blessing. You might get a couple hundred bucks (at the moment anyway—this amount has decreased over time), but then there's another driver out there competing with you.
The other morning I stood at Wacker and Washington, as I made my way from Union Station to my "real" job as director of the Cook County court system's divorce mediation programs. I've developed a habit of counting how many Ubers go by, as identified by the big black "U" in the window, and how many have passengers. I do the same with cabs.
On that day, it was nine total. Four were taxis, two with fares. Five were Ubers, three with fares. Winner: Uber.
It's not exactly a scientific study, but it's not an unusual ratio for that corner at that hour on a weekday. If anything, it has tilted a bit more to Uber's advantage since summer, and it is hard to imagine the pendulum swinging back. The market isn't speaking, it's screaming.
Whether Uber wins, or a similar rideshare service such as Lyft rises to the top, or another new and innovative model comes along that trumps them all, it's hard to imagine the taxi industry surviving in its present form.
But the war is far from over, and the battles will be raging for a while.
With or without me.
A 10cm-high wave has hit the shore in northeastern Japan this morning after a magnitude 6.8 quake prompted a tsunami warning.
The tremor struck at 8.06 am in the Pacific, some 210km east of Miyako at a depth of 10km.
There were no immediate reports of injuries or casualties following the quake and minor tsunami, local media said.
It was earlier reported that the quake was a magnitude 6.9 but this was later revised.
Local authorities in Iwate issued evacuation advisories to more than 19,000 people after the quake, Japan's public broadcaster NHK said.
There was no damage to any of nuclear reactors in the region as they have been off-line since 2011, NHK said.
Japan is hit by around a fifth of the world's powerful quakes every year and sits at the conjunction of several tectonic plates.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 6, 2014, 8:23 PM GMT
Vice President Joe Biden on Wednesday said the stream on unaccompanied minors who have crossed the southern border “are our kids” and solving the humanitarian crisis “is really hard stuff.”
“These are not somebody else's kids, these are our kids,” Biden said. “These are the children that lift the national ambitions of each of these countries aloft. And it is a tragedy for countries who are losing them and for us not being able to solve every one of their problems”
The vice president's remarks came in front of attorneys and legal groups gathered to discuss ways to represent the thousands of Central American children who have illegally entered the U.S. Many, Biden said, will be sent back to conditions worse than the temporary housing they are currently living in.
“Even if we passed the immigration bill, it wouldn't solve it all. Even if we had the resources we asked for, it wouldn't solve it all,” they said. "This is just hard stuff."
IN-DEPTH
-- Andrew Rafferty
If you like spending your lazy weekends zooming around the Earth and looking up all sorts of places that you've been to, want to go to, or never think you'll ever be able to go to, then Google is going to give you a hand. And if you already purchased Google Earth Pro at some point previously, we feel bad to be the bearers of the news that Google has now made said product completely free.
Yes, Google has slapped a $400 discount on Google Earth Propresumably because not enough people were ponying up that much to make the revenue all that worth it versus the goodwill Google can receive for the gesture. That, or perhaps Google plans to use some of Google Earth's capabilities in a larger way, like some kind of virtual reality-based announcement that will allow people to soar around the world in an even more realistic fashion. (So, might as well make the entire thing free right now.)
To be fair, there isn't that much you can do in Google Earth Pro that you're otherwise unable to access in Google Earth. You can print images at a much larger resolution (4800x3200) than before (1000x1000), for the few of you that will want to have physical copies of something you saw on the software tool. You can import a huge number of addresses to stick onto your Google Earth display as pins, and you can also record HD video of your digital travels. Google Earth Pro also comes with more tools for measuring distances between locations, if you're trying to plot out a route.
"Over the last 10 years, businesses, scientists and hobbyists from all over the world have been using Google Earth Pro for everything from planning hikes to placing solar panels on rooftops. Google Earth Pro has all the easy-to-use features and detailed imagery of Google Earth, along with advanced tools that help you measure 3D buildings, print high-resolution images for presentations or reports, and record HD movies of your virtual flights around the world," reads a blog post from Google.
There are still a few tiny hoops you'll have to jump through in order to get Google Earth Pro for free. Download the app, first of all. After that, you'll have to get a free Pro key for the software from Google, which will require you to toss some information about yourself over to the search giant. You'll get the key in your email. After that, it's time for some fun Earth exploration.
08 Mar 2016
The Apache Flink community is pleased to announce the availability of the 1.0.0 release. The community put significant effort into improving and extending Apache Flink since the last release, focusing on improving the experience of writing and executing data stream processing pipelines in production.
Flink version 1.0.0 marks the beginning of the 1.X.X series of releases, which will maintain backwards compatibility with 1.0.0. This means that applications written against stable APIs of Flink 1.0.0 will compile and run with all Flink versions in the 1. series. This is the first time we are formally guaranteeing compatibility in Flink's history, and we therefore see this release as a major milestone of the project, perhaps the most important since graduation as a top-level project.
Apart from backwards compatibility, Flink 1.0.0 brings a variety of new user-facing features, as well as tons of bug fixes. About 64 contributors provided bug fixes, improvements, and new features such that in total more than 450 JIRA issues could be resolved.
We encourage everyone to download the release and check out the documentation. Feedback through the Flink mailing lists is, as always, very welcome!
Interface stability annotations
Flink 1.0.0 introduces interface stability annotations for API classes and methods. Interfaces defined as @Public are guaranteed to remain stable across all releases of the 1.x series. The @PublicEvolving annotation marks API features that may be subject to change in future versions.
Flink's stability annotations will help users to implement applications that compile and execute unchanged against future versions of Flink 1.x. This greatly reduces the complexity for users when upgrading to a newer Flink release.
Out-of-core state support
Flink 1.0.0 adds a new state backend that uses RocksDB to store state (both windows and user-defined key-value state). RocksDB is an embedded key/value store database, originally developed by Facebook. When using this backend, active state in streaming programs can grow well beyond memory. The RocksDB files are stored in a distributed file system such as HDFS or S3 for backups.
Savepoints and version upgrades
Savepoints are checkpoints of the state of a running streaming job that can be manually triggered by the user while the job is running. Savepoints solve several production headaches, including code upgrades (both application and framework), cluster maintenance and migration, A/B testing and what-if scenarios, as well as testing and debugging. Read more about savepoints at the data Artisans blog.
Library for Complex Event Processing (CEP)
Complex Event Processing has been one of the oldest and more important use cases from stream processing. The new CEP functionality in Flink allows you to use a distributed general-purpose stream processor instead of a specialized CEP system to detect complex patterns in event streams. Get started with CEP on Flink.
Enhanced monitoring interface: job submission, checkpoint statistics and backpressure monitoring
The web interface now allows users to submit jobs. Previous Flink releases had a separate service for submitting jobs. The new interface is part of the JobManager frontend. It also works on YARN now.
Backpressure monitoring allows users to trigger a sampling mechanism which analyzes the time operators are waiting for new network buffers. When senders are spending most of their time for new network buffers, they are experiencing backpressure from their downstream operators. Many users requested this feature for understanding bottlenecks in both batch and streaming applications.
Improved checkpointing control and monitoring
The checkpointing has been extended by a more fine-grained control mechanism: In previous versions, new checkpoints were triggered independent of the speed at which old checkpoints completed. This can lead to situations where new checkpoints are piling up, because they are triggered too frequently.
The checkpoint coordinator now exposes statistics through our REST monitoring API and the web interface. Users can review the checkpoint size and duration on a per-operator basis and see the last completed checkpoints. This is helpful for identifying performance issues, such as processing slowdown by the checkpoints.
Improved Kafka connector and support for Kafka 0.9
Flink 1.0 supports both Kafka 0.8 and 0.9. With the new release, Flink exposes Kafka metrics for the producers and the 0.9 consumer through Flink's accumulator system. We also enhanced the existing connector for Kafka 0.8, allowing users to subscribe to multiple topics in one source.
Changelog and known issues
This release resolves more than 450 issues, including bug fixes, improvements, and new features. See the complete changelog and known issues.
List of contributors
The transmission 3D/2D video on one or two channels:
One video channel for the receiving and transmission of 3D video in 3D format SIDE BY SIDE or 3D INTERLACE. You can use one of the standard FPV video transmitter and a video receiver with a frequency of 900 MHz, 1.2 GHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz.
Two video channels are for use with video glasses 3D Sky Zone or with any other device (for example Transporter3D) where it is necessary to use two channels of video. You can use two standard FPV video transmitters and two video receivers and two with the frequency of 900 MHz, 1.2 GHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz!
Modularity:
On the front of the BlackBird 2 are 4 connectors for connecting various modules. This makes the camera unique and easy to use. Installing the camera module to the VTX now no need to think about where to position the video transmitter and how to fix. And using the module LED backlight, you can use the camera even in the dark!
To date, there are 3 types of modules:
In an interview with KOMO News, Susan Hutchison blamed the Democratic Party and the former president for Trump's 2005 comments in which they brag about making unwanted sexual advances toward women.
Washington state GOP Chairman Susan Hutchison was among the few who excused Donald Trump's sexually charged remarks released Friday. They blamed former President Clinton and the Democratic Party for the celebrity business person's behavior.
After calling Trump's comments “repulsive to me and all decent people,” Hutchison in an interview with KOMO News blamed Trump's political affiliation at the time of the 2005 recording for their remarks. They later took to Twitter to reiterate them point.
“He [Trump] was a Democrat at the time and they were channeling Bill Clinton,” Hutchison said. “And the hypocrisy of Hillary Clinton to say this man does not belong in the White House, when their husband defined this behavior, is just absurd.”
#1 of 2: Donald Trump's indecent comments in 2005 (11 yrs ago) – were made when they were a Democrat. The hypocrisy of HilaryClinton to say.. — Susan Hutchison (@Susan_Hutch) October 8, 2016
#2 of 2: …The hypocrisy of Hillary Clinton to say Trump does not belong in the White House when their husband defined this behavior. — Susan Hutchison (@Susan_Hutch) October 8, 2016
Hutchison's comments Friday were not the first time they caught national attention regarding Trump. The former Seattle television news anchor made news in July, too, after confronting Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at the 2016 Republican National Convention for failing to endorse Trump.
Trump's lewd comments, first published by The Washington Post, features them bragging in vulgar language about kissing, groping and attempting to have sex with women who were not their wife. “When you're a star, they let you do it,” they say in the recording.
The release generated an outpouring of condemnations from Republican leaders across the country. Spokane's Cathy McMorris Rodgers, the highest-ranking Republican woman in Congress, for example, rebuked Trump for the profane comments.
And Chris Vance, running against Democratic Sen. Patty Murray this election, released a statement saying that “this wasn't just ‘locker-room talk,' ” and calling Trump's behavior inexcusable.
Vance's statement continues:
“And for those who point out the behavior of the Clintons, I would remind them that once upon a time Republicans believed that character matters and such misconduct disqualifies one from holding the nation's highest office.”
In a late-night apology, Trump said the profane comments “don't reflect” the man they are today. But he, too, cited the Clintons, saying the former president “has actually abused women” and that Hillary has “bullied, attacked, shamed and intimidated their victims.”
US imperialism and Iraq's descent into civil war
9 January 2014
A decade after the US military waged two barbaric sieges of Fallujah, the Iraqi city is once again facing a bloody armed conflict.
The army of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki has massed artillery and tanks on Fallujah's outskirts and has already bombed and shelled civilian neighborhoods, inflicting an unknown number of casualties. Thousands have fled the city in fear for their lives, and the United Nations has warned that the cut-off of water, food and fuel is creating a humanitarian catastrophe. Maliki has vowed to launch a full-scale assault on the city unless its inhabitants succeed in persuading armed insurgents to surrender.
In April and again in November-December of 2004, Fallujah was turned into a killing field by the US occupation. From the air it was pummeled by AC-130 Specter gunships, F-16 fighter jets and Apache attack helicopters. On the ground, a force of over 10,000 US troops backed by tanks and artillery was assembled to attack the city. Bombs, missiles and white phosphorous shells—chemical weapons banned under the Geneva conventions—were unleashed against the population. Hospitals and ambulances were targeted.
In the end, fully one out five buildings in the town were destroyed, while two-thirds of what remained were damaged. Hundreds of thousands were turned into homeless refugees. At least 120 US troops were killed in the two sieges, while no accurate count of how many thousands of Iraqis were killed has ever been made.
Much of the US media coverage of the current situation in Fallujah, Ramadi and elsewhere in Iraq's western Anbar province, has begun from the standpoint of what a shock and disappointment these events represent, given the enormous “sacrifice” made by the US occupation to pacify the area a decade ago. The Iraq war is once again being cast as a humanitarian venture aimed at fighting terrorism and bringing democracy to the Iraqi people.
The barbaric attack on Fallujah constituted a war crime. In its aims, scope and ferocity, it was comparable to the kind of collective punishment meted out by the Nazis against resisting populations in occupied Europe. It was emblematic of the criminal character of the entire US war. Foisted onto the American people with lies about non-existent “weapons of mass destruction” and ties between Baghdad and Al Qaeda, the war was a premeditated act of aggression launched to further US imperialist aims to assert hegemony over the Middle East and its vast energy reserves.
Having failed to secure a guarantee of legal immunity for remaining US troops, Obama ordered the last of them withdrawn from Iraq little more than two years ago. The Iraqi people, however, have been left to deal with the bitter legacy of nearly nine years of US military occupation. Meanwhile, Washington's quest for hegemony in the region has continued, most notably through the war to topple Muammar Gaddafi in Libya and its fomenting and support for a war for regime change against the government of Bashar al-Assad in Syria. In Fallujah and Ramadi, the consequences of the crimes of US imperialism, both past and present, have come together in an explosive form.
The confrontation, presented by the corporate media as a struggle against Al Qaeda terrorists, has deep roots in the sectarian divisions that were instigated by the US war and occupation as part of a deliberate divide-and-rule strategy. They succeeded in pitting Iraq's majority Shi'ite population against the minority Sunnis, while the Kurdish minority in the north has been allowed to pursue regional autonomy, while conflicts over borders and rights to oil wealth threaten to erupt into civil war there as well.
The government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, installed under the US occupation, has pursued an openly sectarian agenda, ruthlessly purging leading Sunni political figures, using the security forces to crack down on the population of Anbar and branding protests against these abuses of power as acts of Al Qaeda terrorism.
At the end of December, the Maliki regime touched off the present conflict by moving to arrest Ahmed al-Alwany, a prominent Sunni member of parliament in Ramadi—killing their brother and five bodyguards in the process—and then on December 30 sending in security forces to break up a protest encampment that had existed in the same city for months, killing at least 17 more.
Amid seething popular anger, armed groups, including both the Al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) and local tribesmen, seized control of police stations, drove out the security forces and set up local checkpoints, effectively taking over Fallujah and much of Ramadi.
The Obama administration has responded by declaring its full support to Maliki and rushing weapons, including Hellfire missiles, drones and other equipment to their military. It is exerting maximum pressure on Congress to end its delay on shipment of Apache attack helicopters and F-16s to the regime. That this weaponry, in the hands of a regime that has become ever more sectarian and authoritarian, may soon be used to massacre civilians has presented no obstacle to the Obama White House.
Washington has presented its military aid as an imperative driven by the threat of Al Qaeda, with Secretary of State John Kerry describing those who have seized Fallujah as “the most dangerous players in that region.”
The reality is that such aid is one of the principal means of control and influence that Washington still exerts over Baghdad. While the troops have left, a 1,000-man Office of Security Cooperation-Iraq based at the US embassy remains, including both US military personnel and contractors. It has managed hundreds of military sales contracts amounting to over $9 billion since the end of the occupation. US contractors, most of them ex-special operations troops, remain “embedded” with Iraqi forces as “advisors.”
As for the supposed threat from Al Qaeda, that is also largely of Washington's own making. The ISIS has been vastly strengthened by the US-backed war for regime change across the border in Syria, where it has been armed and funded by the US's closest allies, particularly Saudi Arabia. The hypocrisy and cynicism of US policy in the region is summed up in Washington's denunciation of Syria's bombardment of ISIS forces in Aleppo, even as it rushes more missiles to Iraq so that Maliki can bomb them in Fallujah.
Embodied in this glaring contradiction is the dual use that Washington makes of Al Qaeda, employing it as a proxy where it suits is purposes—as in Afghanistan in the 1980s, and more recently in Libya and Syria—and then using it as a bogeyman to justify intervention, as in Afghanistan and Iraq a decade ago and once again in Iraq today.
The prospect that US imperialism may be able to further warm its hands over the fire it has ignited in Fallujah was indicated by the New York Times on Monday, in an article highlighting the “common enemies” shared by Washington and Tehran in Iraq. It suggested that the rapprochement between the US and Iran can extend beyond a deal on the Iranian nuclear program into turning Iran into a force for “stability” in the region.
Such a realignment, however, would hardly resolve the deep social, political and class conflicts tearing apart the Middle East, and would only be exploited by US imperialism to further its broader quest for global hegemony, particularly through confrontation with China.
Bill Van Auken
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Halabi is accused of siphoning millions of dollars of aid money to Hamas' military projects
Israel has charged the Gaza head of an international charity with diverting millions of dollars of foreign funds to the Palestinian militant group Hamas.
The Shin Bet security service said about 60% of all funds sent to Gaza by the World Vision charity was being diverted to the Islamist movement.
It said Hamas recruited the charity's head of Gaza operations, Mohammed Halabi, more than a decade ago.
World Vision said it had no reason to believe the allegations were true.
It said it carried out regular audits of its Gaza programmes and was "shocked" by the charges.
"We will carefully review any evidence presented to us and will take appropriate actions based on that evidence," a statement said.
Hamas (either the organisation as a whole or in some cases its military wing) is designated a terrorist group by Israel, the US, EU, and UK among other countries.
A Hamas spokesperson, Sami Abu Zuhri, said the group had "no connection to [Mr Halabi] and therefore, all Israeli accusations are void and aim to suppress our people," Reuters news agency reported.
In the wake of the accusations against Mr Halabi, Australia said it was suspending funding to World Vision until investigations into the matter were complete.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Years of conflict have left many in Gaza dependent on international aid
Shin Bet said Mr Halabi was arrested at the Erez border crossing in June and has now been charged with funding terrorism.
It said the aid money they funnelled to Hamas, and to its military wing the Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades, amounted to about $7.2m (£5.4m) a year.
Mr Halabi set up fictitious projects, including ostensibly to help farmers and disabled people, falsely registered Hamas members as employees, and invented and inflated invoices, siphoning off money to the group, Shin Bet said.
The security service said these funds were used, amongst other things, for the digging of tunnels intended to be used for attacks on Israeli civilian communities, the building of military bases and for the purchase of weapons.
It said one base costing $80,000 was paid for in cash from UK donations.
However, it said there was no evidence that the Christian charity's main office had been aware of Mr Halabi's alleged actions.
ATLANTA, March 12 (UPI) -- Tests in monkeys show a gel containing an HIV drug stops the virus from infecting cells -- even if applied after sex, U.S. researchers say.
Dr. Walid Heinene of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta tested a gel containing the human immunodeficiency virus drug raltegravir. The gel protected monkeys when given before they were infected with HIV vaginally, but it also prevented infection when applied as long as 3 hours after sex, NBC News reported.
If the gel has a similar impact in humans, women would be able to protect themselves from HIV infection after sexual intercourse, Heinene said.
The HIV virus that causes AIDS can be transmitted in blood, semen and breast milk, but most people are infected sexually and in Africa, where most cases occur, 60 percent of HIV patients are women. Almost all were infected by husbands or other sexual partners, Heinene said.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 15, 2017, 10:30 PM GMT / Updated June 16, 2017, 5:48 AM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald
WASHINGTON — With the Russia probe moving closer to Donald Trump himself, the president appears to long for the simpler times of last year's presidential campaign, when they didn't have to shoulder the nation's scrutiny on their own.
“Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?” President Trump tweeted Thursday, after the Washington Post and later NBC News reported that Special Counsel Robert Mueller is now investigating whether the president attempted to obstruct justice in the FBI's investigation.
“Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husbanded meet w/AG days before they were cleared- & they talk about obstruction?” Trump added.
Furthering the sense of 2016 déjà vu, a Clinton campaign Twitter account dedicated to "setting the facts straight," responded to one of the president's tweets with a "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" GIF and a series of question marks.
The account had not tweeted since November 7.
In response to reports that Trump is facing a criminal investigation, Mark Corallo, spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said in a statement, "The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable, and illegal."
On Friday morning, Trump tweeted that there's no proof they have done anything wrong, despite months of hearings and investigations.
Meanwhile, Trump has revived attacks on their general election opponent multiple times since taking office.
In late March, as the House Intelligence Committee was thrown into turmoil after it was revealed that chairperson Devin Nunes appeared to have coordinated with the White House they were supposed to be overseeing, Trump asked a similar question about Clinton.
“Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia,” they tweeted in March, adding in a second message, “Trump Russia story is a hoax.”
Related: Trump Decries ‘Witch Hunt' After Report That Mueller Is Investigating Him
And in February, three days after former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigned and two days after The New York Times ran a blockbuster story about Trump campaign aides reported ties to Russia, the president used a news conference to try to divert attention to their old foe.
“We had Hillary Clinton try and do a reset. We had Hillary Clinton give Russia 20 percent of the uranium in our country,” they said, repeating a statement Politifact rated “mostly false.” "Nobody talks about that."
"By the way, it would be great if we could get along with Russia, just so you understand that. Now tomorrow, you'll say ‘Donald Trump wants to get along with Russia, this is terrible.' It's not terrible; it's good,” Trump added.
The jets flew so close, one Navy official said, that they created a wake in the water around the destroyer.
"I don't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident. I think they're trying to send a signal," they said. "I think it's pretty clear that they are wanting to let us know that they see that we are up there in the Baltic."
Navy Admiral John M. Richardson told reporters at the Pentagon last month that they hoped "we can stop this sort of activity."
The incidents occurred over a two-day period last month, and were first documented in a series of short clips released on YouTube by the Navy. In the newly released footage, which the Navy made public after Freedom of Information Act request filed by the Virginia Pilot newspaper, you can hear one sailor on the USS Donald Cook say "Oh my God!" as a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 fighter jet makes extremely close passes by the warship.
The US Navy has released about a dozen videos that show Russian fighter jets and a helicopter "buzzing" a US Navy destroyer in the Baltic Sea.
Read more
The US Navy has released about a dozen videos that show Russian fighter jets and a helicopter "buzzing" a US Navy destroyer in the Baltic Sea.
The incidents occurred over a two-day period last month, and were first documented in a series of short clips released on YouTube by the Navy. In the newly released footage, which the Navy made public after Freedom of Information Act request filed by the Virginia Pilot newspaper, you can hear one sailor on the USS Donald Cook say "Oh my God!" as a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 fighter jet makes extremely close passes by the warship.
Navy Admiral John M. Richardson told reporters at the Pentagon last month that they hoped "we can stop this sort of activity."
"I don't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident. I think they're trying to send a signal," they said. "I think it's pretty clear that they are wanting to let us know that they see that we are up there in the Baltic."
The jets flew so close, one Navy official said, that they created a wake in the water around the destroyer.
"We have deep concerns about the unsafe and unprofessional Russian flight maneuvers," the Navy said in a statement on April 13. "These actions have the potential to unnecessarily escalate tensions between countries and could result in a miscalculation or accident that could cause serious injury or death."
The Navy also described the Russian pilots' actions as a "simulated attack," while adding that the planes weren't visibly armed.
Related: What Is the Pentagon's Multi-Billion Dollar F-35 Jet Actually Supposed to Do?
The Russian actions violated the terms of a bilateral agreement signed during the Cold War in 1972 by then Navy Secretary John Warner and Soviet Admiral Sergei Gorshkov. The pact prohibits "simulated attacks against aircraft or ships, performing aerobatics or dropping hazardous objects near them." The two military superpowers drew up the agreement after a "series of close calls."
The Su-24s — dubbed "Fencers" by NATO — made similarly low passes over the USS Donald Cook last year. In 2014, the Russian planes also flew dangerously close to the USS Ross, a guided-missile destroyer.
Russia's Defense Ministry shrugged off the Navy's recent criticism over the recent encounters, saying it was "not consistent with reality." The Russians have insisted that their pilots did nothing wrong, saying they "performed strictly in accordance with the international regulations on the use of airspace."
Meanwhile, a former deputy commander of NATO seems to think that tensions between Russia and the West are at boiling point.
In a book published on Wednesday titled 2017 War with Russia, Sir Alexander Richard Shirreff argues that the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014 signaled that the conditions of the post-Cold War settlement were now moot, and that the region is on track to lapse into all-out conflict.
"Under President Putin, Russia has charted a dangerous course that, if it is allowed to continue, may lead inexorably to a clash with NATO. And that will mean a war that could so easily go nuclear," US Admiral James Stavridis, who formerly served as the supreme allied commander in Europe, wrote in the book's foreword, according to the Guardian.
Shirreff believes that Latvia will be the next Baltic country to be targeted by Russia.
Follow VICE News on Twitter: @vicenews
Last year in the UK 4.1 million innocent animals were used for testing. According to an animal charity less than 3% of funding goes towards finding and improving other alternatives.
Many animals are sadly used for testing, but the most common being: Fish, Mice, Rats, Guineapigs, cats, dogs and Monkeys.
These animals all feel immense pain, loneliness, psychological disorders and conditions along with the illness they've been infected with. Just like us they have motives to play and love, start a family and avoid pain and sickness, instead they receive pain, loneliness, suffering and a painful undignified death. To me, that's inexcusable, I believe in a fairer and kinder world than these poor creatures have to bear every day. Even if animals by some miracle did not suffer, there is still the question that animals are NOT ours to use. They are beings, they have an equal right to life just as you or me.
It is currently illegal to test on animals when there is an alternative. However, although there are many alternatives, because of lack of funding they have not been advanced enough to replace animals. Therefore, we are stuck. We need more funding now to replace this cruelty or we will carry on in a cycle of torture.
As a highly developed country with amazing advancements in science, I strongly urge the UK government to dramatically increase funding for researching new alternatives and advancement in pre-existing ones. I also call for the UK government to do more in convincing, enforcing and regulating private companies, universities and charities to fund more alternatives. For a brighter, safer, cruelty free future for both humans and animals.
I would highly appreciate if you could please sign & share this petition, thank you :)
--- extra info ---
Experiments on animals are carried out for many different purposes:
Developing and testing medicines and vaccines for humans or animals.
Studying how animals' and humans' bodies function.
Assessing the safety of chemicals, such as pesticides, for their possible effects on human health or the environment.
Some alternatives include:
*the use of human volunteers.
*Epidemiology
*Human cell lines
*Ex vivo or primary human tissues or cells
*Microorganisms
*Plants
*Human sub-cellular components in vitro
*Biophysical and biochemical analytical techniques or computer technology.
If you don't necessarily "mind" that animals are subjected then it's been widely proven that alternative methods are also far cheaper and SAFER for humans. Because they have to use less of the drug, no spending on "looking after the animals" and are well, related to humans!
Here is just a little taste sample of why animal testing does not always help us, in fact can be dangerous to us:
http://vivisectioninformation.com/indexdfa4.html?p=1_10_50-disasters-of-animal-testing
http://www.peta.org/issues/animals-used-for-experimentation/us-government-animal-testing-programs/food-drug-administration/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/aysha-akhtar/animal-experiments_b_4209541.html?
http://animalaid.wpengine.com/the-issues/our-campaigns/animal-experiments/killing-animals-humans/
George Lucas really needs to go back to their roots. He's too far removed from the way they made Star Wars in 1977: that is, with a shoestring budget of $13 mil (about $50 mil in today's money). They now say that they need a “different technology” to make it economically feasible to shoot the Star Wars long-promised TV show at 1/10th of the cost. But they never explained what that new technology could be. If they mean “let me think of a scene and as of magic let it materialize on a computer“, then I think that they (and I) will be long dead before such technology exists.
From what I understand from their mumblings, is that they want to have the feature-film look & feel on TV. They want to create worlds, not scenes in crummy rooms that try to hide their cheapness with dark lighting. They want their characters go from one planet to another and experience these different planets exactly as they are in their mind. No murky/dark-ish/fake CGI as in most other shows, but rather crispy-clear views of how these worlds look like (example: Naboo vs Caprica). They want to have CGI buildings, landscapes, characters, animals, and what not. While CGI alone do not make a good story (and their prequels are a good example of that), their vision as a fantasy filmmaker is sound. See, what George Lucas is selling is the escapism to a set of worlds in another galaxy, not necessarily the cheesiness that comes out of the Bad Empire vs the Good Jedi. And for that (very visual) vision, I estimate that they probably got a quote for about $25 million per episode. Which is of course too expensive for TV standards. And that scared them away.
What Lucas doesn't get is that all that they want to do can be done for $5mil per episode, tops. If he's careful with budget it can even be done for $3 mil. But they have to change the way they think. They have to go grass-root. Here are some pointers:
– Instead of the 100 or 400 episodes they reportedly want to make, they should only make 3 seasons with 12 or 16 episodes each. If they go on and on and on with the series, their whole franchise will wear off in importance. Instead, 3 seasons is the right amount to keep the viewership at bay, and have a serialized premise that gets a real ending (rather than, “oops, we got canceled, we'll have to end in a cliffhanger”). And of course, cast talented, but unknown actors.
– All shooting should be done in another country. They already used Morocco for Star Wars, and Australia, but China is the best place to shoot a TV version of their Star Wars vision. Not because it's even cheaper there, but because of its bio-diversity. In China, Lucas would be able to emulate different planets for cheap: scorching hot deserts? Check. Jungles? Check. Crazy-looking mountains? Check. Snow? Check. Steppes? Check. Amazing lakes & rivers? Check. Rice land-fields? Check. Mist? Check. Ice? Check. All can be done using the same studio company that would make sure the cast, crew and equipment gets to the right places at the right time. Green screen work could be done on the spot, outdoors, and on a studio at a major city. Chinese know how to go big, by putting lots of labor into a given problem. And labor is ultra-cheap there. Props would be carved fast and cheap too. Lucas would only need to kiss some ass in the Chinese government to let them shoot there, as the Rebels vs the Empire theme is pretty political.
– Regarding FX, the biggest mistake Lucas can make is to ask their own San Francisco-based ILM company to do the job. ILM is a very expensive company to run, so even at wholesale prices they won't be able to deliver the goods at a low-enough price. Instead, I'm thinking more of either China again, or better, South America. The software and render-farms are not prohibitively expensive anymore, and even off-the-shelf apps can do wonders in the right hands. Look at SGU's FX for example, made by a small 3D software house in Vancouver. This is the best FX work done for TV so far, in my opinion. If you have Netflix, stream the SGU episode “The Greater Good” to experience the amazing CGI yourselves.
Consider that SGU cost $2.5mil per episode, which is cheaper than the US TV average of $3mil per primetime episode. “Mad Men”, with its '60s decor, also costs $2.5mil per episode. SG-1 was between $1.1 and $1.6 mil. ST:Enterprise was at about $1mil per episode. And the ultimate sci-fi low cost per episode, that of Babylon 5, was shot for $850k per episode ($1.2mil in today's money). If these guys can shoot shows at these low cost prices inside the US or Canada, then Lucas' visually broader vision can be done for about $3-$5mil per episode. But only in China.
They just needs to give up most of their artistic control to others, since I don't see them moving to China for 3 years…
Pakistan's win over England by eight wickets to march into the final of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 has set the cricket world abuzz, especially after their indifferent performances in the group stages. Starting off the tournament, Pakistan were considered as the underdogs in their group which consisted of India, Sri Lanka, and South Africa, but the Sarfraz Ahmed-led side has managed to produce a better show after their 124-run defeat to India in the tournament opener.
Advertising
Ian Bell believes the Eoin Morgan-led England side showed a poor display of cricket in the ICC tournament. “England played arguably its poorest game in the last couple of years and sadly for us home fans, it meant there was really only one team in it,” they wrote in their column for ICC.
The 35-year old right-hander also accepted that Pakistan were fantastic in the semi-final clash as they outplayed the ‘Three Lions' in every aspect. Right from the beginning of England's innings, Pakistan stuck to their plan and didn't try to do much. Pacers Hasan Ali and the debutant Romman Raees were brilliant with the ball as they continued to trouble the English batsmen with their attacking approach.
“Pakistan was fantastic. From the first over, the aggression of its bowlers was really impressive, and our batsmen struggled against Pakistan's pace and variation. The bowlers hit the pitch hard but also mixed it up with an array of slower balls at the right times. Combined with England's apparent issues with the pitch, Pakistan didn't give them a sniff.”
With the wickets falling on regular intervals, all-rounder Ben Stokes, who had struck a century against Australia, found it difficult to steal boundaries as they did not hit a single boundary in their knock of 34 runs.
Bell was critical of England's batting approach and said, “For Ben Stokes, of all people, not to hit a boundary in 64 balls, and only get 34 runs in total, shows just how impressive the Pakistan bowling attack was. We didn't hit one six yesterday, despite hitting 23 in our group games.”
Advertising
Predicting an India-Pakistan final, Bell believes Pakistan has a chance to avenge their earlier defeat. “As for Pakistan, Sunday is going to be massive. It'll give them a chance to avenge that earlier defeat to India. The atmosphere at The Oval is going to be sensational, it's going to be a wonderful occasion,” they concluded.
A woman was arrested after, police say, they shot their father during a domestic dispute Monday morning in South Lubbock.
Hayley Lynn Williams, 33, was arrested on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon after they reportedly shot their 60-year-old father, according to Lubbock Police Department Public Information Officer Tiffany Pelt.
At about 8:19 a.m., emergency responders were called to the 3200 block of 68th Street following reports of shots being fired and found the injured man outside of their residence, said Lubbock Police Sgt. Frank Picon.
"Officers saw that they were suffering from a gunshot wound to the upper left arm or to the left arm," they said. "To me, it looked like it was to the upper portion of their arm, because they were holding it and had it wrapped when I first saw him."
Preliminary reports indicated the injured man was shot inside the residence and had locked themselves in a bathroom, Picon said officers located them in the driveway of the home upon police arrival.
Officers then made their way into the home to make sure there were no other victims and to locate the suspect, but found the home was empty.
When officers began to search the yard, Picon said an officer checked around the side of the home and entered the backyard when the female suspect, later identified as Williams, came into the backyard from the alley.
"At that point," they said, "that officer took that female suspect into custody."
The man was taken to Covenant Medical Center to be treated for moderate injuries stemming from the shooting.
Williams was taken to the Lubbock County Detention Center, and the injured man was said to be alert and talking upon police arrival.
No further information has been released. The shooting remains under investigation.
The Philippine defense secretary said Thursday it is highly unlikely their country will allow the U.S. military to use it as a springboard for freedom of navigation patrols in the disputed South China Sea to avoid antagonizing China.
Delfin Lorenzana said U.S. ships and aircraft could use bases in Guam, Okinawa or fly from aircraft carriers to patrol the disputed waters.
Under President Rodrigo Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino III, some U.S. aircraft and ships stopped in the Philippines on the way to patrolling the disputed waters to challenge China's territorial claims.
Duterte, who took office in June, has taken steps to mend ties with China and became hostile toward the Obama administration after it raised concerns over Duterte's deadly crackdown on illegal drugs.
Asked if the Philippines will continue to host U.S. ships and aircraft patrolling the disputed waters, Lorenzana said Duterte will not likely allow that to happen "to avoid any provocative actions that can escalate tensions in the South China Sea. It's unlikely."
"We'll avoid that for the meantime," Lorenzana said. "Anyway, the U.S. can fly over there coming from other bases."
U.S. officials did not comment immediately. The commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, said last month that despite Duterte's rhetoric, military cooperation with Manila has not changed.
Duterte has publicly threatened to scale back the Philippines' military engagements with the U.S., including scuttling a plan to carry out joint patrols with the U.S. Navy in the disputed waters, which they said China opposes.
U.S.-Philippine annual combat exercises have been reduced and will be redesigned to focus on disaster response and humanitarian missions. Among the maneuvers to be dropped starting next year are amphibious landing exercises and beach raids aimed at enhancing the country's territorial defense, military officials said.
Duterte's actions have become a hindrance to U.S. efforts to reassert its presence in Asia, although the U.S. military has vowed to continue patrolling one of the world's busiest commercial waterways.
After Duterte met Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing in October, China allowed Filipinos to fish at disputed Scarborough Shoal. China took control of the rich fishing area in 2012 after a tense standoff with Philippine government ships.
Philippine coast guard ships have also resumed patrols at the shoal.
Aside from the easing of tensions at Scarborough, Chinese coast guard ships are no longer blocking Philippine resupply ships from Second Thomas Shoal, farther south in the Spratlys, Lorenzana said.
Lorenzana said they and their Chinese counterpart agreed in October, during Duterte's trip to China, to resume exchanges of defense observers and students under a 2004 agreement. The exchanges were suspended in 2012 when the Philippines brought its territorial disputes with China to international arbitration under Aquino's presidency, angering Beijing, they said.
China has also inquired if it can supply armaments to the Philippines, they said.
China can further expand its influence in the region if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump pursues an isolationist foreign policy, former Philippine Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario said.
"If the U.S. relinquishes (its) leadership posture in terms of the region, that vacuum will be quickly filled by our northern neighbor," del Rosario said.
Delhi lieutenant governor Anil Baijal on Monday issued directives for 100 per cent mechanisation of cleaning of sewers and drains in the Capital.
The order was issued during a high-level meeting chaired by the L-G in the wake of the 10 sewer deaths that happened in just a span of five weeks. Baijal also directed the Delhi Jal Board CEO and other departments including the municipal bodies to undertake extensive publicity campaign to highlight the harmful impact of cleaning sewers on the health of workers as well as the illegality committed by the concerned contractors or user agencies.
Read: In Delhi sewer, three deaths in just seven minutes but not one cry for help
“Held joint meeting with Hon'ble CM. Directions issued for 100% migration to mechanization for sewers/drains cleaning. Strict regime to be prepared within 7 days. Intensive publicity of laid down norms for observance by contractors. Police to take stringent action against defaulters,” Baijal tweeted after the meeting attended by chief minsiter Arvind Kejriwal, PWD minister Satyendar Jain, water minister Rajendra Pal Gautam, chief secretary and other officials in attendance.
Held joint meeting with Hon'ble CM. Directions issued for 100% migration to mechanization for sewers/drains cleaning. (1/3) pic.twitter.com/9kohwOUDxW — LG Delhi (@LtGovDelhi) August 21, 2017
Strict regime to be prepared within 7 days. Intensive publicity of laid down norms for observance by contractors. (2/3) pic.twitter.com/86GxW3xHzW — LG Delhi (@LtGovDelhi) August 21, 2017
They directed the DJB CEO to prepare a standard operating procedure (SOP) in seven days for cases requiring emergency manual intervention.
Speaking about the meeting, water minister Rajendra Pal Gautam said, “Anyone found sending a worker down any drain or sewer in the Capital will not be charged under negligence. S/he will now directly be charged under section 304 of the IPC which is culpable homicide.”
Read: Vigilance committees to check sewer deaths in Delhi
They added that in 15 days time, the heads of agencies such as the DJB, the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC), and the South MCD will study and submit a plan of action for migrating to mechanised cleaning of sewers.
“They will study the technologies available across the world for this and present the best options for us,” they said.
Once the plan is finalised, it will be applied to all those involved in sewer cleaning activities including private contractors, group housing society, malls and so on. Besides, the secretary (SC/ST) was directed to upload all the notifications clarifying the legal position on the government's website so that it can be in public domain for the benefit of the contractors as well as the users.
The L-G also said that employers must provide gas masks, safety harness belts, helmets and mechanized equipment. “These safety gears are legally mandated for the hazardous work of cleaning clogged underground sewers. Employers must ensure strict compliance of the relevant guidelines and proper arrangements of the safety and security of the workers,” a statement from the L-G office read.
The L-G would hold a review meeting on the progress of the directives issued after two weeks.
First Published: Aug 22, 2017 10:04 IST
A MELBOURNE man's dramatic arrest after a high speed chase they later posted on YouTube has highlighted a trend for car chases, road rage and other police run-ins to hit the internet.
This footage and others, highlights the bizarre reasons drivers give for flouting road rules, as well as motorists' ignorance of police powers.
In the latest case, the Hampton Park man was taken into custody after officers smashed their car's window after they allegedly led police on a high-speed chase while videoing the whole thing last month.
The footage shows the man speeding away from two police cars, as officers inside the patrol cars gesture for them to pull over.
But instead of doing that, the driver appears to be enjoying the experience, boasting: "Here we go!" to their mate in the passenger seat and video viewers as they accelerate past service stations and shopping centres in Taylors Lakes in Melbourne's west.
After eventually them pulling over following the three-minute chase, the driver refuses to open the driver's side door, as a police officer with baton raised repeatedly demands they open up.
"Nah mate. Nah mate," the driver says.
Instead, they repeat over and over, "Am I under arrest? Am I under arrest?!", even as officers outside warn, "we will break the window to get you out!"
The self-righteous driver even demands: "I do not consent! You have no right!" as an officer smashes through the driver's side window with their baton.
And the wayward motorist appears genuinely shocked, protesting "this is thuggery!" when they find out that they really are under arrest.
Speaking on A Current Affair after their YouTube exploits were exposed, the man refused to acknowledge any wrongdoing, and instead took aim at police saying: "I feared for my life".
And asked 'Why didn't you pull over?' they retort: "I was just in a good mood."
The 40-year-old also declares: "I'm not ashamed of it", and while on the one hand saying they did follow the road rules, also suggested: "I follow my own rules".
Police have confirmed that a 40-year-old Hampton Park man had been arrested in connection with an alleged pursuit in Taylors Lakes on Thursday, September 5, days before the video was first posted on YouTube.
"The Hampton Park man was charged with reckless conduct endangering serious injury and traffic-related matters and bailed to appear at Sunshine Magistrates Court on 22 November," a police spokesperson said.
But the latest incident has also highlighted the increasing presence of video cameras capturing wayward drivers - whether it is police-shot video, YouTube clips posted by hoons and their mates or even CCTV cameras capturing drivers losing the plot.
One of our favourites is footage of a man at the wheel of a crashed car telling a Victorian police officer they were "just waiting for a mate", which didn't take long to become a viral hit.
The footage, from Channel 7's Highway Patrol, amassed more than 250,000 YouTube views and its own Facebook page with more than 45,000 likes after it was uploaded.
The video shows Senior Constable Ash Bowden responding to reports of a car doing burnouts in Carrum Downs, 34km southeast of Melbourne's CBD.
What seems like a routine hunt for hoon drivers takes a turn for the bizarre, when they find a car crashed on a curb and the driver, named in the video as Clinton, sitting inside.
When asked what happened, Clinton nonchalantly explains: "I'm just waiting for a mate."
Seemingly unaware of the extensive damage to their car, Clinton continues the charade and repeats the "waiting for a mate" line four times over the next few minutes.
And, police were stunned, when their attention was drawn to this clip showing a driver in Melbourne's west allowing a toddler to take the wheel.
Brimbank Acting Inspector Tim O'Connor said the actions taken by the people involved with the video were "absolutely ridiculous, stupid (and) so dangerous".
"From a policing perspective, you just can't work out why someone would do such a thing," they said.
SA police released this footage of a high-speed pursuit, showing a wild car chase reaching speeds of up to 180km/h.
It is alleged two men, aged 20 and 24, stole four vehicles, which included carjacking a man and woman, and made several attempts to steal other vehicles before they were finally arrested.
It seems that a select few motorists would rather hit the accelerator rather than the brakes when confronted by police.
Not the least of which was this case, in which an allegedly stolen yellow Porsche was seen rocketing through the Gold Coast at "insane speeds", before the driver came to grief with a timber fence.
But while many people figure it's fine to make up their own interpretations of the road rules depending on their mood, in many cases things can turn nasty - particularly when people want their own instant justice, such as this skateboarder who took umbrage at a driver's apparent misdemeanour.
Asked how motorists should respond to police cars behind them with lights and sirens, a Victoria Police spokesperson said should follow the lead of police officers.
"When directed by police to stop, it's important for drivers not to panic," a police spokesperson said.
"Drivers should find a safe location to pull over on the left side of the road and await further instructions from police.
"It is the responsibility of all motorists to stop their vehicle when signaled to do so by police and anyone failing to comply with these instructions could face criminal charges.
And they also noted that posting your exploits online could just get you into more trouble.
"Footage of criminal activity published online can be used as evidence for prosecution," they said.
On the other hand, perhaps this example really takes the cake, as far as thumbing your nose at both written and unwritten rules.
Erin Holdsworth, 28, was arrested after they led cops on a 200km/h-speed chase through Ohio in the US that only ended after officers used road spikes to puncture them tyres.
They were not only drunk, but was wearing nothing but fishnet stockings, a G-string and trainers.
So far the most over-the-top reactions to road rule violations have been caught overseas, such as this total road rage meltdown. But perhaps it is only a matter of time before an Aussie is caught on camera going way too far.
And just as an indication of what not to do … this clip from is really taking things too far, as a Russian pedestrian shoots at a car which bumps into him.
Strangely enough the people watching from a nearby car laugh at the incident.
So the lesson is, watch the road and watch your manners, because chances are that someone else is watching.
matthew.schulz@news.com.au
The plot of Ridley Scott's sci-fi film Prometheus–a sprawling exploration of the origins of man–may have raised some questions but the movie's marketing campaign was, unquestionably, one of the most original and absorbing in recent memory. Ignition Interactive, the creative agency behind much of the Hunger Games' online campaign (previously profiled on Co.Create), designed and executed a similarly complex and bar-raising effort that aimed to engage potential moviegoers in the mysterious world of Prometheus by utilizing bespoke content and some previously unexploited avenues for marketing.
advertisement
advertisement
While The Hunger Games had a rabid and active fanbase from the books long before that movie came along, Prometheus' pre-existing fanbase was much smaller and less obvious. Film geeks and fans of Scott's 1979 film, Alien (for which Prometheus is a prequel of sorts) form a dedicated core that Ignition was charged with expanding. The L.A.-based company did so by employing some of the tactics from the Hunger Games campaign as well as a number of new ones. In the words of Ignition Creative Director Chris Eyerman, the first goal of the campaign was to “blur the boundaries between content and marketing, fiction and reality, story and game. It can be blurred to the point of invisibility, creating a holistic narrative experience that entertains and engages regardless of platform.” Here, Eyerman tells Co.Create how they and their team of 15-20 people accomplished that. Surprise! Peter Debuts at TED “My name is Peter Weyland, and if you'll indulge me, I'd like to change the world.” With that declaration, the marketing campaign was in full swing. Weyland, as played in the film by Guy Pearce, was speaking via video in a TED Talk from the future. 2023, to be exact (incidentally, the TED video shows Weyland at a time in their life that's never shown in the movie. In Prometheus, Weyland appears as an old man). The TED Talk, which ran on TED's blog, was an idea that came from co-screenwriter Damon Lindelof (Lost), and was produced out of Scott's production company, RSA. “If you want to score a hit, aim where nobody is expecting,” says Eyerman. And nobody was expecting anything from TED. The fascinating, expertly produced TED Talk was done in TED's riveting, crowd-pleasing style, and lent an air of authenticity to the launch. It also drove viewers to the campaign's hub; the video's endplate announced a new website for Weyland Industries. That high end, bespoke piece of content set the tone for the campaign that would have a few other surprises in store for intrigued audiences.
advertisement
An Online Hub Gives Fans a Role The Weyland Industries site is the core of the campaign. Phase one allowed visitors to sign up as investors and to learn basic details about the company. For those interested in going deeper, a puzzle was hidden in the site: A single star on the “About Us” page was blinking in Morse Code; fans who deciphered the code were led to a secret directory containing what Eyerman calls “one of the film's most striking assets:” a high-resolution image of the star map on the ship of the Engineers, the human ancestors who are central to the film's plot. “The image quickly went viral and helped sustain the momentum generated by the Ted Talk,” says Eyerman. At the same time, it sparked online speculation about the details and meaning of the mysterious Project Prometheus mission. “The audience should have an active role to play in the narrative and their own place in the story world,” explains Eyerman. “Fans were given the opportunity to carve out an identity for themselves, whether as an investor in Weyland Industries–and by proxy, the Prometheus mission–or as a potential crew member training to be a part of the top-secret mission itself.” Fans who engaged on this level were given torchbearer status, meaning they received new content first and they got acclaim on the property's social channels. Building Anticipation for Wondercon Weyland Industries Timeline In early March, “investors” in Weyland Industries were emailed an announcement of two new additions to the Weyland site: a corporate timeline that chronicled the company's 83-year history; and a section of investor information in which a series of sharable infographics introduced shareholders to a wealth of information about the company's activities and finances, and the funding for Project Prometheus. Deeper examination led to further discoveries, like this photo of Project Prometheus in action. The weekend before nerdfest Wondercon saw “influencers” receiving Weyland business cards. Calling the number on the card led to audio ads for Weyland products and mention of a big announcement in the coming weeks. In turn, callers were texted back a first-look video of the David 8 android–another central character in the film. All this built excitement for the Prometheus panel at Wondercon and in turn drove traffic to the movie's just-released trailer.
advertisement
The Reveal of David 8–An Event To Rival a Major Tech Product Release “The David 8 online announcement event had multiple touch points to maximize the program's reach,” says Eyerman. There were videos online and on TV for Verizon FIOS subscribers, as well as a series of print ads. Access codes were distributed to select media and fans. Each unlocked an image of David (Michael Fassbender) expressing a particular emotion. All the codes together led to a full reveal of the David 8 page. This was the high point of the campaign, says Eyerman: “It resulted in more social traffic than any other single date during the campaign, including the trailer's release.” Linking In Influencers
advertisement
The campaign found another unexploited site for its next surprise: LinkedIn. “We sent personalized ‘InMails' to contact influencers to apply for a job with the Weyland Corporation and take part in the Training Center experience,” says Eyerman. The mere surprise of brazen outreach on an unorthodox channel sparked a series of tweets and articles praising the tactic. Teaming Up with Microsoft and Building to a Pre-Release Fever Pitch In May, an HTML5 experience engineered by Microsoft's Internet Explorer team challenged fans to prove they had what it takes to join the Prometheus mission. “We kicked things off with a social puzzle framed as a collaborative application exercise,” says Eyerman. To solve it, fans had to match an increasingly difficult memory/repetition test with hundreds of thousands of sequences. They gave the option to reduce the puzzle's complexity by clicking a button to “Like” the Prometheus Facebook page; eventually, the puzzle became manageable enough to solve and phase 2 was unlocked. Another site, Discover New Worlds, was launched to coincide with the transit of Venus, on June 5. The site was a platform to introduce the 63 colonies established by Weyland and encouraged users to uncover 20 pieces of new art hidden throughout the universe–art compiled by fans here. Employee ID cards allowed users to receive a job assignment and an official date of employment; Project Genesis let fans assist Dr. Shaw (Noomi Rapace) in their search for ancient artifacts–a search that led across social media platforms and editorial sites. By trading tips and sharing strategies, fans could crack the code and unlock a hidden prize: a dossier of information about Dr. Shaw's work. Finally, Microsoft's June 4 keynote speech at E3–four days before the movie's release–had a surprise: Speaker Marc Whitten used a special section of the Project Prometheus site to unlock an exclusive clip from the movie.
advertisement
But Wait, There's More! Moviegoers who stayed until the very end of the credits noticed a logo for the Weyland Corporation, the tagline “Building Better Worlds Since 10.11.12” and a URL leading back to the longstanding corporate timeline, which in turns led users to a new site: WhatIs101112.com. Clearly something is in the works for this October 11, but Eyerman is keeping mum on details. “Yeah, something new happens at that time,” they say. “I can't say what but we'll be doing a lot as a lead-up to that in the next three months.” Creating a Parallel Universe is Not Always Easy “The biggest challenge, honestly, was that the movie was very secretive,” says Eyerman. “So keeping the story going and keeping people interested with just the right amount of information was the line we tried to walk the entire time.” That uncertainty about the narrative has, in many ways, been what has fueled the whole campaign. It was conceived as “a drip-feed of content” designed to encourage open-ended speculation. “The key is to never pre-package the answers. Insert gaps in the right places and create an environment where people are compelled to talk to each other to get the whole story.” Eyerman concedes that every transmedia campaign the firm undertakes for a movie raises the stakes. “We try to top ourselves every time,” they say. “But really the thing we're trying to do is tell stories through technology and bring the world of the movie to life for people to experience in community, and I think there's always more to do there. The next campaign will be even bigger and better.”
Higher vehicle efficiency and electric cars penetration, higher fuel prices, and lower economic growth may lead to a global oil demand peak as soon as in 2024, Goldman Sachs said on Monday in a research note on refining.
“In our extreme case, we project peak oil demand in 2024,” Goldman Sachs analysts said in the note, as quoted by Reuters.
The electric vehicle fleet is expected to increase to 83 million vehicles by 2030, from 2 million cars last year, according to Goldman.
Vehicle efficiency and higher penetration of EVs are expected to slow down demand growth over the next 10-15 years, with oil demand growth at 1.2 percent between this year and 2022, then slowing to 0.7 percent by 2025, and to 0.4 percent in 2030, Goldman Sachs said.
But emerging markets economic growth, which will be led by India, may push the reaching of peak demand to until 2030, the bank's analysts reckon.
By 2030, the transport sector is expected to give way to petrochemicals as the key driver of oil demand growth, according to Goldman Sachs.
Slowing demand growth and refining capacity additions could lead to a surplus of refined oil products in the next five years, the analysts further noted. Related: Trump May Have Unintentionally Killed U.S. Nuclear
“Refinery closures may occur in developed markets, with new capacity opening near demand centers,” Reuters quoted the note as saying.
While other oil products will raise their shares in the global oil demand mix, the share of gasoline and diesel is expected to stagnate until 2030, according to Goldman.
While Saudi Arabia's Aramco, for example, continues to reiterate that peak oil demand is nowhere in sight and the world can't just cut oil off, western oil supermajors have some predictions for oil demand to peak in the 2030s or in the 2040s, depending on EVs penetration, the advance of renewables, and global economic growth.
By Tsvetana Paraskova for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
We still can't believe President Obama stopped by Planned Parenthood this morning and lamented that they missed its “wild” party the day before. There's a lot we're still trying to grasp about the current president, and it seems we're not alone. The number one trending topic in America tonight is a handy guide to knowing if #YouJustPulledAnObama.
If you loved interviewing for the job but now hate doing the work #YouJustPulledAnObama — Razor (@hale_razor) April 27, 2013
If you quadruple the deficit in one year to lower unemployment and you end up raising it… #youjustpulledanobama pic.twitter.com/NWEpcZD0at — Aaron Worthing (@AaronWorthing) April 27, 2013
If you think that Americans will roll over and surrender their 2nd Amendment rights #YouJustPulledAnObama — crissy always sunny (@CrissySpeaks79) April 27, 2013
If your administration ships assault rifles to mexican drug gangs, yet you vow to crack down on 2nd amendment…. #youjustpulledanobama — Jason Murphy (@jaymichaelmurph) April 27, 2013
If you close WH doors for school kids in the name of #Sequester, then invite celebs to attend your lavish party, #YouJustPulledAnObama — ✿☆✺◦°˚(*❛‿❛)/˚°◦✺☆✿ (@JalenCantEven) April 27, 2013
If you provide tanks and F16 to the Muslim brotherhood while restricting our #constitutionalrights #YouJustPulledanObama — Love My Country (@hfrigano) April 27, 2013
If you told your daughters that you "don't want them punished with a baby" #YouJustPulledAnObama — Hollywood Resistance (@BettinaVLA) April 27, 2013
If u mistakenly grab your mom's jeans before going out to throw some ball #youjustpulledanobama https://t.co/27kbsSTuvH — Not So Stupid Voter (@Discoveringme40) April 27, 2013
https://twitter.com/SassyPantsRants/status/327977869085138944
https://twitter.com/thenewpulp/status/327977985749684224
#YouJustPulledAnObama When Vegas is a sexier choice than answering a call from our ambassador and three other fine Americans in Libya — Dawn Kennedy (@Dawn_Kennedy2) April 27, 2013
If you don't know to put your hand over your heart during the national anthem #YouJustPulledAnObama pic.twitter.com/tDRFKUzET7 — Bossy Brat (@JGalt9) April 27, 2013
If you can get millions of dumb people to believe that birth control pills cost $3,000 a year then #YouJustPulledAnObama — The Morning Spew (@TheMorningSpew) April 27, 2013
If you can make your constituents think you're a great president when 90 million Americans are out of work.. #youjustpulledanobama — Jani (@48yardline) April 27, 2013
If you started your political career with #terrorist Bill Ayers and then have trouble using the word #terrorism, #YouJustPulledAnObama. #p2 — BreitTwit (@BreitTwit1) April 27, 2013
If you think we actually believe 90% are in favor of gun control #YouJustPulledAnObama — crissy always sunny (@CrissySpeaks79) April 27, 2013
If you think Planned Parenthood's abortion mills provide "good quality health care" #YouJustPulledAnObama — I am Carol Bowne (@HindaRifka) April 27, 2013
If you accuse the police of "acting stupidly" after admitting you don't know the facts of the case, #YouJustPulledAnObama. — Jack in NYC (@talkradio200) April 27, 2013
If you like to say, "ummm, uhhh, ummm…. " a lot in your speeches then #YouJustPulledAnObama — kerry (@Kerryepp) April 27, 2013
If you've been on the job for five years and still blame someone else for your problems. #YouJustPulledAnObama — RB (@RBPundit) April 27, 2013
#YouJustPulledAnObama if your speech as the best man in your friend's wedding has your name in 37 times but never the bride or grooms name. — Liars Never Win (@liars_never_win) April 27, 2013
If you campaigned on not raising taxes on the middle class and then immediately raised taxes on the middle class #YouJustPulledAnObama — daughter of the King (@murrayckim) April 27, 2013
Previously:
#youjustpulledanobama: Ridiculing abject failure; Will Obama become a verb?
The line, which handles more than 140,000 passengers a day, was blocked by the slide at around 10 am, after the morning rush hour.
It is understood to have been caused by a burst water main. Although services were disrupted, nobody was hurt.
Network Rail said it hoped to have two of the six tracks working by this evening's rush hour, although passengers were warned that they faced delays and cancellations.
Commuters voiced their frustration on the social networking site, Twitter. One wrote: “Burst water mains and landslide at East Croydon.
No trains going through at all and absolutely won't be sorted by end day."
The rail disruption also led to heavy traffic on roads to Gatwick Airport, with passengers being advised to allow an extra three hours to reach terminal car parks.
A spokesperson for Thames Water said: "We are sorry for the disruption caused by a burst main in Croydon.
“We we are working to fix the broken pipe and are providing Network Rail with any assistance we can."
Updated at 4:16 p.m. ET with a comment from Mayor John Tory's office.
There's been no shortage of public political posturing in Toronto's battle over who's allowed to drive you places for money and what happens if local governments can't or won't enforce their own bylaws.
But much of the jockeying takes place behind closed doors — in meetings, phone calls or email exchanges between councillors, policy-makers and those hoping to sway them.
The city has pledged to figure out, some time in the next several months, how and whether to regulate Uber and cab companies. But before that Global News looked at who's been lobbying whom at Toronto city hall.
READ MORE: Mayor calls for freeze on taxi license fees
READ MORE: How auto insurance is changing to reflect the Uber economy
We did our best to make this snapshot both comprehensive and specific, including all lobbying activities that mentioned Uber as well as any that mentioned the licensing and regulation of taxis in the city.
We also restricted our time frame to include primarily lobbying activity during 2015, with some 2014 numbers for comparison. (Our interactive table below includes earlier dates, but the heaviest lobbying remains the most recent.)
But if there's something we've missed or that looks wonky, please let us know.
The usual suspects – and a few unusual ones
Of course, the lion's share of Uber-related lobbying was done by Uber, taxi companies, taxi license-holders and advocates for taxi drivers.
But we found some somewhat surprising companies in there, as well.
Airbnb, for example, met with the Mayor's office in January, 2015 and had several subsequent meetings in March, May, July and November — in addition to numerous phone calls and emails exchanged in the intervening months:
We don't know the specific topic of each of these communications. The stated purpose of Airbnb's lobbying is “Policies to support the new sharing economy, and home sharing in particular,” according to its registration.
But at least two of its meetings, in July of 2015, were with the city's Taxi Industry Project Manager.
“We've not done any direct lobbying on ridesharing,” said Airbnb spokesperson Christopher Nulty. But “we've been part of events that have been focused on the sharing economy.”
2015 was a busy year
As Uber-taxi rhetoric reached a heated pitch, lobbying on the issue became similarly intense.
The biggest spikes in 2014 and 2015 appear to coincide with city council or Licensing and Standards Committee deliberations regarding Uber.
When you look at monthly totals for meetings, 2015 comes out way ahead:
Uber-busy — but can't beat cabs combined
Which company was busiest in 2015?
Uber, by a long shot:
(Taxi Charger, a company that makes taxi cashiering software, comes in second thanks primarily to an email blitz last fall.)
If you only look at meetings, Uber still comes out ahead — but by a narrower margin.
“Since arriving in Toronto in 2012, we have had meetings with councillors, the mayor's office and city officials as part of our collaborative efforts towards helping establish a permanent regulatory framework for ridesharing in the City of Toronto,” Uber Canada spokesperson Susie Heath said in an email.
“We are pleased with the progress to date – as you may know, in early October of last year city council voted to study ridesharing with the goal of updating regulations which they are expected to report back on in the coming months – and look forward to continuing our work with the city.
But those meeting statistics look significantly different if you put all the taxi drivers and taxi companies together:
Taxi companies aren't terribly pleased with the fruits of their lobbying labour, however.
“So far, nothing,” says Rita Smith, executive director of the Toronto Taxi Alliance.
“Uber's still here. The mayor has declared them illegal and said that they are outside of the law. … And no amount of lobbying that we have done or lobbyists that we have paid has budged that.”
But they don't plan to let up: Every one of their group's members is registered as a lobbyist, just in case they run into a councillor.
Smith wouldn't say how much their organization has spent on lobbyists but said it's less than Uber has spent.
“I'm not sure that I'm at liberty to disclose that … but I can tell you it represents a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of what Uber is spending.”
The Mayor's office, perhaps unsurprisingly, got lobbied more than any other office or office-holder in city hall last year. The mayor themselves had fewer meetings but was still busy — they had 17 Uber-related lobbyist meetings, putting them well above most other councillors.
“Our office meets regularly with a variety of stakeholders and those who represent them,” a spokesperson for Mayor Tory's office wrote in an email.
“The lobbyist registry ensures that lobbying of public office holders is conducted in a transparent and accountable manner. Anyone seeking to engage with our office are required to publicly register and comply with the law.”
But Uber and taxi companies are clearly targeting different people.
Uber representatives met with Mayor John Tory's staff more than they met with anyone else last year:
And the mayor's staff met with Uber more than anyone else on this topic last year:
Taxi companies and their advocates, on the other hand, met most frequently with Councillor Jim Karygiannis, who has been a vocal advocate on their behalf:
It's a lot more lobbying than Karygiannis is used to.
“Coming from my previous life as a federal member of Parliament, you did not get lobbied as much because you did not make as many decisions,” they said.
“A lot of people are coming in to see me. … It's very informative, keeping me abreast of what Uber is doing, what Uber is up to.”
But many of them, they said, just come to vent.
“I guess somebody has to listen,” they said.
But Karygiannis blames Tory for the lack of Uber resolution.
“This whole mess … sits right at the mayor's desk,” they said.
“There's no doubt in anybody's mind that Uber is operating illegally and yet they are thumbing their nose at all three levels of government.”
Jon Burnside, who was also among the most lobbied at Toronto city hall, is surprised they aren't lobbied more.
“There really hasn't been a tonne,” they said.
“Everyone's directing their energy toward the mayor. Which is kind of surprising, given that they only has one vote.”
How Toronto's lobbyist registry works
Almost everyone is supposed to report almost every communication with a city of Toronto public office holder, according to the city's lobbyist bylaw.
But there are a lot of exceptions.
Exemptions include compliments or complaints or requests for information, or communications that are part of a public meeting. You're off the hook if you're a member of government or a not-for-profit.
Lobbyists, not the people they're lobbying, are responsible for registering as lobbyists and inputting information for every phone call, email or meeting. Sometimes lobbyists will contact registrar Linda Gehrke to see if they're required to report certain activity or to register as lobbyists.
But by definition, Gehrke and their staff won't know about lobbying activity that isn't registered.
“We wouldn't know to check on it,” they say, unless someone else — such as the public office-holder being lobbied — gives them the heads-up.
“In the year 2015 we had about 2,800 telephone inquiries to our office. Many of these are requests for advice about whether someone needs to register,” they said.
“Most lobbyists do want to comply and most public office holders do support compliance.
I think we're getting a fair representation of what lobbying is happening in the city.”
And while Gehrke and their staff will sometimes spot-check lobbyist registry information to ensure it's complete and correct, they don't have time to spell-check every entry. As a result, Global News found, there are many spelling errors or variations in the way records are kept (for example, in how city offices are named or how councillors' offices are referred to) that can make it challenging to quantify lobbyist communications.
We've done our best to streamline the information we gleaned in a way that makes sense.
INTERACTIVE: Search Uber-related lobbying by date, company, office and more. Click the column headings to sort ascending or descending, or type a search term (such as your councillor's name or ward number) into the search box.
UPDATE (Feb. 13, 6:30 p.m.): Justice Antonin Scalia died on Saturday morning, leaving behind a legacy as one of the most influential conservatives in the history of the Supreme Court, as well as a vacancy to be filled. President Obama has just a few months left in their term to nominate a replacement, but faces an uphill battle for confirmation in the Republican-controlled Senate, where the majority leader, Mitch McConnell, has already said the decision must be left to the next president. After Republicans took control of the Senate in 2014, we looked at the possibility that Obama would be able to appoint another justice in their term and the increasing importance of ideology in the Supreme Court nomination process.
Democrats lost the Senate, but so what? President Obama still has two more years and a veto.
But there is at least one area where the GOP's new Senate majority makes a big difference: a Supreme Court nomination. While it's still unclear whether Obama will get to nominate another justice, the Republican gains in November make it unlikely a liberal nominee, such as Justice Thurgood Marshall, would be confirmed. And a nominee like the two Obama-appointed justices currently sitting on the court, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor, would face a possible filibuster.
Only a true middle-of-the-road nominee — such as Justice Stephen Breyer before their nomination hearing — or a perfectly qualified, center-left nominee — such as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg — would be a favorite to be confirmed.
We know this thanks to research spearheaded by Lee Epstein, a professor at Washington University in St. Louis, which measured what matters in gaining Senate confirmation. As I noted in September, ideology has become the single biggest factor — the ideology both of the nominee and of the senators. Qualifications are now a secondary consideration. They still matter (see Harriet Miers), but even the most qualified candidate picked from an ideological pole would face a slew of opposition.
We can expand Epstein et al's work to all nominees from Robert Bork in 1987 to Kagan in 2010, giving us a model that factors in their qualifications and ideology, the senators' party and ideology and the president's approval rating, and predicts the likelihood of each senator voting for a given nominee.
As you would expect, senators are more likely to vote for a nominee if the president has a higher approval rating and if the nominee is closer to them ideologically, is more qualified or is of the same party. The ideological variable is most important, but all are statistically significant at the .01 level.
Once we know how likely each senator is to vote for a potential justice, we can sum up the probabilities and work out the average number of votes a nominee will get. For past nominees, the model expected what's in the table at left.
We obviously don't know whom Obama would nominate, so let's use past nominees as stand-ins. I've assigned an ideological score and a qualification label to all the nominees since 1965 :
Obama isn't likely to nominate a Clarence Thomas type, so let's focus on the past six Democratic nominees who made it past cloture as our proxies:
The moderate with average qualifications : Stephen Breyer;
: Stephen Breyer; The average Democrat : Sonia Sotomayor or Elena Kagan (both were about as liberal and as qualified as the average Democratic nominee over the past 50 years);
: Sonia Sotomayor or Elena Kagan (both were about as liberal and as qualified as the average Democratic nominee over the past 50 years); The very qualified, mainstream Democrat : Ruth Bader Ginsburg;
: Ruth Bader Ginsburg; The qualified liberal : Thurgood Marshall;
: Thurgood Marshall; The very qualified liberal: Abe Fortas.
Keeping Obama's approval rating steady at 43 percent (or about what it is right now) and assuming that Republican Bill Cassidy wins the Senate runoff in Louisiana, here are the model's vote estimates:
The moderate with average qualifications : 79 votes;
: 79 votes; The average Democrat : 55 votes;
: 55 votes; The very-qualified, mainstream Democrat : 83 votes;
: 83 votes; The qualified liberal : 42 votes;
: 42 votes; The very qualified liberal: 46 votes.
Republican gains in November have made confirming the Sotomayors and Kagans of the world considerably more difficult. More liberal nominees — even with perfect qualifications — don't come close to getting the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster. That shouldn't be surprising. Since Bork, there hasn't been a single Supreme Court nominee from the ideological poles.
Perfect qualifications would give a mainstream Democrat a good shot at winning confirmation. Ginsburg, who we modeled as our very qualified mainstream Democrat was suggested by Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch for the Supreme Court, after all.
But because of the results of the 2014 election, an average Democratic nominee would probably run into the filibuster. Democrats, led by Harry Reid, last year got rid of the filibuster for all district and appeals court nominees, but left it in place for Supreme Court nominations. The model suggests that a candidate who has average Democratic characteristics would fall just short of the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster and would have to pick up more Republican votes.
Who are these swing senators that might support an average Democratic nominee?
An average Democratic nominee would have at least a 98 percent chance of winning every Democratic vote. Twenty-five Republicans would, according to the model, have at least a 20 percent chance of voting for this sort of candidate. Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski would have at least a 50 percent chance. An average Democratic nominee wouldn't win a majority of these votes, though they or they would probably win at least a few. (Sotomayor picked up nine Republican votes during their confirmation hearing.)
Obama could probably avoid any threat of a filibuster by choosing a middle-of-the-road nominee. The most moderate Democratic nominee of the past 50 years, Breyer, had middling qualifications but flew through the Senate. The model indicates that a moderate with even below-average qualifications would win over many Republicans.
But as I mentioned above, the model isn't perfect. It's also possible that with increasing polarization, the model underestimates Republican opposition to any Democratic nominee. Both Kagan and Sotomayor came in with lower vote totals than the model predicted. In addition, if a vacancy came near the end of Obama's term, the temptation to stall could be too great for Republicans to resist. Professors Charles M. Cameron and Jonathan P. Kastellec of Princeton University and Jee-Kwang Park of American University have argued that interest-group pressure would keep most Republicans from voting for even a moderate nominee. They also insist that a nominee who would move the court ideologically — a liberal justice replacing a conservative justice, for example — would have a difficult time basically no matter what.
Either way, the 2014 Senate elections have made it more difficult for Obama to appoint a Supreme Court justice. If any future nominee looked like those he's already appointed, he'd likely have a fight on their hands. Their best chance would be to go with a nominee who is a true moderate, or an impeccably qualified, mainstream Democrat.
COMMENTARY Let's set the record straight: There is no evidence that millions of people voted illegally in the 2016 election. President Trump's baseless claims of extensive voter fraud and calls for some sort of federal investigation weaken confidence in our electoral process. They also encourage the adoption of restrictive voting laws throughout the country, which might be the new president's ultimate intent. The problem with the 2016 election was not that too many people voted. It is that too few of us did. The solution, as President Obama noted in their farewell address, is a bipartisan effort to make “it is easier, not harder, to vote.” Massachusetts should lead the way. American voting rights took a major hit in 2013 when the United States Supreme Court, in Shelby County v. Holder, gutted a key provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. That provision required localities with a history of voter discrimination to seek the approval of the United States Department of Justice before changing their voting laws. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, the Court's decision “removed an effective deterrent against harmful election law changes.” Against this backdrop of a weakened Voting Rights Act and a new Trump administration, the task of making it easier and fairer to vote falls to the states.
The problem with the 2016 election was not that too many people voted. It is that too few of us did.
Here in Massachusetts, we saw the positive results that valuing inclusion and participation in our democratic process can yield when early voting in the commonwealth was implemented last fall. That convenience proved popular, as last year over one million people cast early ballots in Massachusetts, approximately 21 percent of the state electorate. Massachusetts has also recently established an online voter registration system, making it simpler to add your name to the voter rolls. These changes stem from 2014 electoral reforms signed into law by then-Gov. Deval Patrick, which moved Massachusetts from among the worst states for ballot access and voter participation (42nd) to among the better (tied for 10th). But we should not rest on our laurels. Now is the time for Massachusetts to take the next step and implement an automatic voter registration system. Six states — Alaska, California, Connecticut, Oregon, Vermont and West Virginia — have already done so. Under most automatic systems, eligible citizens who interact with select state agencies, such as the Department of Motor Vehicles, will be added to the voting rolls unless they opt out. Simply put, if you interact with government, you are registered to have a say on how it works, unless you choose otherwise. A bill to enact an automatic voter registration system has failed to make it through the state Legislature in the past. Good government organizations like Common Cause Massachusetts, which has called this issue its top legislative priority for the new legislative session, are thankfully pushing forward this session. Our elected officials — including Secretary of the State William Galvin, who administers our voting laws and has yet to articulate a position on such a system — should strongly support it. City and town clerks should welcome it, too, as it would simplify voter rolls and save on administrative costs. If there are municipal implementation costs, they should be provided for in any final legislation.
We do not have to look beyond our borders to find threats to our democratic institutions in the form of restrictive voting laws and a president who makes baseless claims of voter fraud.
Ben Goldacre, The Guardian, Saturday 15 January 2011
Sometimes something will go wrong with an academic paper, and it will need to be retracted: that's entirely expected. What matters is how academic journals deal with problems when they arise.
In 2004 the Annals of Thoracic Surgery published a study comparing two heart drugs. This week it was retracted. Ivan Oransky and Adam Marcus are two geeks who set up a website called RetractionWatch because it was clear that retractions are often handled badly: they contacted the editor of ATS, Dr L Henry Edmunds Jr, MD to find out why the paper was retracted. “It's none of your damn business,” replied Dr Edmunds, before railing against “journalists and bloggists”. The retraction notice is merely there “to inform our readers that the article is retracted”. “If you get divorced from your wife, the public doesn't need to know the details”.
ATS's retraction notice on this paper is uninformative and opaque. The paper went “following an investigation by the University of Florida, which uncovered instances of repetitious, tabulated data from previously published studies.” Does that mean duplicate publication, two bites of the cherry? Or maybe plagiarism? And if so, of what, by whom? And can we trust the authors' other papers?
What's odd is that this is not uncommon. Academic journals have high expectations of academic authors, with explicit descriptions of every step in an experiment, clear references, peer review, and so on, for a good reason: academic journals are there to inform academics about the results of experiments, and discuss their interpretation. But retractions form an important part of that record.
Here's one example of why. In October 2010 the Journal of the American Chemical Society retracted a 2009 paper about a new technique for measuring DNA, explaining it was because of “inaccurate DNA hybridization detection results caused by application of an incorrect data processing method”. This tells you nothing. When RetractionWatch got in touch with the author, they explained that they forgot to correct for something in their analysis, which made the technique they were testing appear to be more powerful than it really was, and actually they found it's no better than the original process it was proposed to replace.
That's useful information, much more informative than the paper simply disappearing one morning, and it clearly belongs in the academic journal the original paper appeared in, not an email to two people from the internet running an ad hoc blog tracking down the stories behind retractions.
This all becomes especially important when you think through how academic papers are used: that ACS paper has now been cited 14 times, by people who believed it to be true. And we know that news of even the simple fact of a retraction fails to permeate through to consumers of information.
Stephen Breuning was found guilty of scientific misconduct in 1988 by a federal judge – which is unusual and extreme in itself – so most of their papers were retracted. A study last year chased up all the references to Breuning's work from 1989 to 2007, and found over a dozen academic papers still citing their work, some discussing it as a case of fraud, but around half – in more prominent journals – still cited their work as if it was valid, 24 years after its retraction.
The role of journals in policing academic misconduct is still unclear, but clearly, explaining the disappearance of a paper you published is a bare minimum. Like publication bias, where negative findings are less likely to be published, this is a systemic failure, across all fields, so it has far greater ramifications than any one single, eyecatching academic cockup or fraud: unfortunately it's also a boring corner in the technical world of academia, so nobody has been shamed into fixing it. Eyeballs are an excellent disinfectant: you should read RetractionWatch.
'Tis the season to be — competitive? This holiday season is already heating up with dueling cup designs from caffeine-purveying rivals: Starbucks released its holiday cup design Wednesday morning, and McDonald's wasted no time following suit just a few hours later.
Starbucks' holiday cup is centered around the theme "Give Good." Instead of the classic red body of the chain's holiday cups of yesteryear, the cup is white, with swirling designs accented in red. The cup, Starbucks' executive creative director Leanne Fremar said in a press release, is like a coloring book, "intentionally designed to encourage our customers to add their own color and illustrations." The choice to promote customer participation builds off of last year's decision to roll out 13 different holiday cups designs hand drawn by customers.
McDonald's dose of holiday cheer, meanwhile, co-opts the prominent red design that Starbucks has capitalized on since 1977. The "Wonder in Every Sip" cup features a dark red body and dancing white stars. McDonald's has also adopted seasonal drinks similar to those that can be found on the Starbucks drink menu, putting it in direct competition with the popular beverage company.
Pick a side, coffee-lovers. Elianna Spitzer
A month before Donald Trump clinched the Republican nomination, one of their closest allies in Congress - House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy - made a politically explosive assertion in a private conversation on Capitol Hill with their fellow GOP leaders: that Trump could be the beneficiary of payments from Russian President Vladimir Putin.
"There's two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump," McCarthy, R-Calif., said, according to a recording of the June 15, 2016, exchange, which was listened to and verified by The Washington Post. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher is a Californian Republican known in Congress as a fervent defender of Putin and Russia.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., immediately interjected, stopping the conversation from further exploring McCarthy's assertion, and swore the Republicans present to secrecy.
Before the conversation, McCarthy and Ryan had emerged from separate talks at the U.S. Capitol with Ukrainian Prime Minister Vladimir Groysman, who had described a Kremlin tactic of financing populist politicians to undercut Eastern European democratic institutions.
News had just broken the day before in The Washington Post that Russian government hackers had penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee, prompting McCarthy to shift the conversation from Russian meddling in Europe to events closer to home.
Some of the lawmakers laughed at McCarthy's comment. Then McCarthy quickly added: "Swear to God."
Ryan instructed their Republican lieutenants to keep the conversation private, saying: "No leaks... This is how we know we're a real family here."
The remarks remained secret for nearly a year.
The conversation provides a glimpse at the internal views of GOP leaders who now find themselves under mounting pressure over the conduct of President Trump. The exchange shows that the Republican leadership in the House privately discussed Russia's involvement in the 2016 election and Trump's relationship to Putin, but wanted to keep their concerns secret. It is difficult to tell from the recording the extent to which the remarks were meant to be taken literally.
The House leadership has so far stood by the White House as it has lurched from one crisis to another, much of the turmoil fueled by contacts between Trump or their associates with Russia.
House Republican leaders have so far resisted calls for the appointment of an independent commission or a special prosecutor to investigate Russian interference, though pressure has been mounting on them to do so after Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey and the disclosure that the president shared intelligence with Russian diplomats.
Late Wednesday, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced they had appointed Robert Mueller III, a former prosecutor who served as the FBI director from 2001 to 2013, as special counsel to oversee the Russia probe.
Evan McMullin, who in their role as policy director to the House Republican Conference participated in the June 15 conversation, said: "It's true that Majority Leader McCarthy said that they thought candidate Trump was on the Kremlin's payroll. Speaker Ryan was concerned about that leaking."
McMullin ran for president last year as an independent and has been a vocal critic of Trump.
When initially asked to comment on the exchange, Brendan Buck, a spokesperson for Ryan, said: "That never happened," and Matt Sparks, a spokesperson for McCarthy, said: "The idea that McCarthy would assert this is absurd and false."
After being told that The Post would cite a recording of the exchange, Buck, speaking for the GOP House leadership, said: "This entire year-old exchange was clearly an attempt at humor. No one believed the majority leader was seriously asserting that Donald Trump or any of our members were being paid by the Russians. What's more, the speaker and leadership team have repeatedly spoken out against Russia's interference in our election, and the House continues to investigate that activity."
"This was a failed attempt at humor," Sparks said.
Ken Grubbs, a spokesperson for Rohrabacher, said the member of congress has been a consistent advocate of "working closer with the Russians to combat radical Islamism. The member of congress doesn't need to be paid to come to such a necessary conclusion."
When McCarthy voiced their assessment of whom Putin supports, suspicions were only beginning to swirl around Trump's alleged Russia ties.
At the time, U.S. intelligence agencies knew that the Russians had hacked the DNC and other institutions, but Moscow had yet to start publicly releasing damaging emails through WikiLeaks to undermine Trump's Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton. An FBI counterintelligence investigation into Russian efforts to influence the presidential election would open the following month, in late July, Comey has said in testimony to Congress.
Trump has sought to play down contacts between their campaign and the Russians, dismissing as a "witch hunt" the FBI and congressional investigations into Russian efforts to aid Trump and any possible coordination between the Kremlin and their associates. Trump denies any coordination with Moscow took place.
Presidential candidate Trump's embrace of Putin and calls for closer cooperation with Moscow put them at odds with the House Republican caucus, whose members have long advocated a harder line on Russia, with the exception of Rohrabacher and a few others.
Among GOP leaders in the House, McCarthy stood out as a Putin critic who in 2015 called for the imposition of "more severe" sanctions for its actions in eastern Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea.
In May 2016, McCarthy signed up to serve as a Trump delegate at the Republican National Convention, breaking ranks with Ryan, who said they still are not ready to endorse the candidate. McCarthy's relationship with Trump became so close that the president would sometimes refer to them as "my Kevin."
Trump was by then the lone Republican remaining in the contest for the nomination. Though Ryan continued to hold out, Trump picked up endorsements from the remaining GOP leaders in the House, including Rep. Steve Scalise, the majority whip from Louisiana, and Republican Conference Chairman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (Wash.) - both of whom took part in the June 15 conversation.
Ryan announced on June 2 that they would vote for Trump to help "unite the party so we can win in the fall" but continued to clash with the candidate, including over Putin. While Trump sought to cast Putin as a better leader than then-President Barack Obama, Ryan dubbed them an "aggressor" who didn't share U.S. interests.
On the same day as Ryan's endorsement, Clinton stepped up their attacks on Trump over their public statements praising Putin. "If Donald gets their way, they'll be celebrating in the Kremlin," they said.
>So basically any conspiracy theories about the game are just people extrapolating on symblism and being crazy, and the bottom line is that the game is unfinished, never will be finished, and that anyone holding out hope that the sequals will fix this in a way kojima would have deemed acceptable are fools?
>Basically, if you were a fan of MGS because you were a fan of kojima, there's no point in following the series anymore?
Ehh, maybe?I mean, Konami could easily follow the plans laid out for the remaining chapters, the general work is mostly missing, but there are tons of assets, plans and such that they have in their hands, and I sincerely have no idea why they are not following them.It wouldn't be exactly what Hideo themselves imagined, since they have a very specific vision, but you could get the general idea of what it would be.I wouldn't completely rule it out, I mean, Kojima Productions is still the same, the creatives left, but the rest are still in it, but if Konami continues the path that MG Survives has begun, I can't say you have many reasons to keep looking forward to this.I definitely think it's worth looking forward to Death Stranding because I have no doubts Hideo will try their hardest after MGSV, but don't expect it to be as focused on the plot as, say MGS3 or 4, they have really taken a liking for videogames in general, and not just for writing stories, and has been looking forward for years to work on something that is not Metal Gear.I heard from a lot of people that they were really excited to work on Silent Hills, and I have no doubt he's as excited to work on Death Stranding, considering it's not only not MGS, but a game they can create from the ground up with no shackles to any franchise.
Saul Hudson, more commonly known by their childhood nickname ‘Slash', turns 50 today. It is safe to say that the next 50 years of their life are unlikely to be quite as hectic as the first. The heroin-addicted lead guitarist of Guns ‘n' Roses has settled into a routine of philanthropy and Angry Birds.
 They are always mentioned in magazines as one of the greatest guitarists of all time. The opening to ‘Sweet Child o' Mine' is routinely voted the best guitar riff ever. But the true extent of their genius — which stretches far beyond their ability to produce a nice tune — is still not fully recognised.
Many in fact think he's overrated. They say they didn't do enough to transform the genre in the way that Jimi Hendrix did. On one music forum, a user stated that their only influence was to entice teenagers, through their hat and glasses, to play their songs somewhat unimaginatively to impress peers.
Granted, their influence may not be quite that of Hendrix's, but they were still crucial. Their style was unique in being so calm and reserved compared to their contemporaries. They made it clear that they preferred the hard rock of Guns ‘n' Roses to their ballads — in fact they admit that they always disliked ‘Sweet Child o' Mine' — but even when they produced heavier rock, it was done with a delightful ease. It showed budding rock musicians that you don't need to gurn to perform great music. Calm is cool.
One of Slash's most overlooked traits is their improvisation. ‘November Rain's many contrasting emotions are all perfectly communicated by Slash's guitar, especially the overwhelmingly beautiful solo — the climax of the paradisean love section — which began life as an improvisation.
The death of rock is one of rock music's oldest traditions. But the music endures, in no small part down to Slash. Any musician who encourages new generations to emulate them has succeeded. Whether or not this is to appear cool is irrelevant. Rock music and heavy metal are still alive. They owe this fact largely to Saul Hudson.
If you are a Voat addict like a lot of us, today was pretty difficult to endure.
Voat started to experience issues mid-morning US-ish time and then rapidly went downhill from there. The rest of the day was filled with complete outages and timeouts to extremely slow response times. This was sudden and unexpected.
At first we thought we had some network or hardware issues but then focused back to our database and software. Next we kind of convinced ourselves that FPH was somehow involved ;). It wasn't until later that we realized we had all the symptoms of another DDoS attack. Cloudflare confirmed that it appeared as such and recommended we bring the Voat Goat out of retirement. Voat Elders know all about the Voat Goat and the glory days.
At this point we think we have a handle on things but we will leave Voat under the Voat Goat's bit analysis until we are sure the root cause is mitigated.
Thanks Voat and apologies for the downtime.
P.S. I took too long typing this and just got my bits checked.
For years a certain strain of conservative thought has held that there was one sure hedge against economic depression, civil disorder and liberal rule -- gold. Now that belief has led to a kind of harmonic convergence between ideology and commerce. Right-wing talkers go for the gold
For years a certain strain of conservative thought has held that there was one sure hedge against economic depression, civil disorder and liberal rule – gold. Now that belief has led to a kind of harmonic convergence between ideology and commerce.
Anyone tuning in to conservative talk radio or Fox News's Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck shows is bombarded by commercials for gold, mainly in the form of collectible coins, with announcers intoning that inflation and deficits caused by big government spending are devaluing the dollar and making gold the best investment money can buy.
Story Continued Below
The dire tone sounded in the ads often echo the occasionally apocalyptic economic forecasts of the shows' hosts, many of whom have endorsement contracts with the gold retailers, appear in their ads, or have had their executives as guests to trash the economic course set by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats, and to preach the attractions of gold.
“There's a natural synergy between conservative talk radio listeners and gold,” said Michael Smerconish, a Philadelphia-based conservative-leaning talk show host who signed a deal to endorse Goldline International, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based retailer when their show entered syndication in January.
And it's become an increasingly profitable synergy for everyone involved - the retailers, the networks and an array of hosts including O'Reilly and Beck, as well as radio talkers Mark Levin, Michael Savage, Laura Ingraham, Dennis Miller, Fred Thompson and G. Gordon Liddy.
This year, Goldline boasted it had become “the exclusive gold and precious metals company” of both Levin's show and the one hosted by Thompson. Other Goldline endorsers include Beck, Ingraham, Miller and Lars Larson.
The stable of pitchmen at Rosland includes O'Reilly and fellow Fox News host Brian Kilmeade, Judge-turned-talker Andrew Napolitano and Liddy, among others.
Since they all appear to view the future of the U.S. economy under Obama as at best doubtful and at worst on the verge of catastrophe, there is little difference between the views they express during their shows and the endorsing they do during commercial breaks.
Pitching for gold retailer Rosland Capital, O'Reilly declares the dollar “under attack at home, from a Fed that's printing paper money like it has no value, and from China, whose actions are tipping the balance of the global currency system away from the U.S. dollar”
Beck, who has taken to comparing the state of the U.S. economy to that of modern day Zimbabwe or pre-Hitler Germany, has been urging their viewers to invest in gold, and bragging about their own gold investments since at least last year.
“I know that you've been listening and watching my shows,” they said in a promo incorporated into a “Beck talks” video on their website.
“If you've been watching for any length of time, and you still haven't looked into buying gold, what's wrong with you? I was going to say ‘are you just a reporter for the New York Times?' but I don't think they actually watch. They just write about it.
“I think you're nuts. When the system eventually collapses, and the government comes with guns and confiscates, you know, everything in your home and all your possessions, and then you fight off the raving mad cannibalistic crowds that Ted Turner talked about, don't come crying to me. I told you: get gold.”
NFL prospect and former Baylor defensive end Shawn Oakman who was arrested on a sexual assault charge has been released from a Texas jail after posting $25,000 bond.
Oakman was freed Thursday from the McLennan County Jail in Waco. They were arrested Wednesday.
According to search warrants, investigators took DNA samples from Oakman's mouth and seized their cellphone, which the 24-year-old athlete twice used to reach out to their accuser after they learned they were under investigation.
Scroll down for video
Shawn Oakman, 24, a former defensive end for Baylor who graduated in December, was arrested Wednesday and accused of sexual assault
Information on an attorney who can speak on Oakman's behalf wasn't immediately available Thursday.
Oakman is accused of forcing a female student into their bedroom, forcibly removing their clothing, pushing them on to their bed and then sexually assaulting them in the early hours of April 3.
The woman claims they met Oakman, who graduated from Baylor in December, at a bar in Waco before agreeing to go back to their apartment where they say they were attacked.
Oakman, who was arrested and booked into jail on Wednesday, admits to sexual contact with the woman but claims it was consensual.
The woman says they were attacked by the 6ft 9ins, 290lbs footballer between 2am and 3am at their apartment in Waco.
Oakman is seen leaving the McLennan County jail after $25,000 posting bond on Thursday
In a statement to detectives the woman said they fled their apartment shortly after the attack but left behind items of clothing and an earring.
Police announced that Oakman was being investigated for sexual assault after executing a search warrant at their address later on the day of the alleged attack.
According to an affidavit, seen by the Waco Tribune, officers were looking for clothing, earrings, semen, blood, skin cells, bodily fluid and DNA evidence while searching the property.
Police seized two comforters, a fitted sheet and a flat sheet from the property which were then tested by a sexual assault nurse examiner.
Oakman's arrest was made subsequent to those tests, but police have not said what, if any, evidence had been found.
On April 3 Oakman, who regularly messages fans with Bible quotations and inspiring statements, sent out a tweet that reads: 'The devil will come and try to strip you of everything you worked for.'
A female Baylor student claims they met Oakman in a Waco, Texas, bar before going back to their apartment where the 6ft 9ins, 290lbs footballer forced them on to their bed before sexually assaulting them
That was followed on April 7 by a series of tweets that read: 'I come to you hungry and tired, you give me food and let me sleep I come to you weak, you give me strength and that's deep.
'Only asking that I keep the focus in between the chapters. You give me the word and only ask that I interpret. And give me the eyes that I may recognize the serpent.'
Oakman, who finished last season as Baylor's all-time sack leader, was considered one of the top prospects of the upcoming draft.
They began their college football career at Penn State University but was dropped after stealing a sandwich and drink from a campus store.
Oakman then moved to Baylor where they issued a statement saying: 'I want to show Penn State and that I messed up, but I'm back now.'
Oakman, who holds Baylor's all-time sack record and was considered a top pick for this year's NFL draft, admits sexual contact with the woman but claims it was consensual
This is not the first time in recent years that Baylor football players have been investigated for sexual assault.
In 2014 Tevin Elliott, a former Baylor defensive end from Mount Pleasant, was jailed for 20 years after being convicted on two counts of sexually assaulting a former Baylor student in 2012.
Two other students testified at their trial that they had also sexually assaulted them, and the court heard evidence of a fourth report of sexual assault.
For those who still believe baseball is as American as mom and apple pie, just realize that the red, white and blue sport has some significant gray streaks.
Major League Baseball's television audience is among the oldest in professional sports, according to data recently released by Street & Smith's Sports Business Journal and Magna Global. The average age of a baseball viewer is 57, up from 52 in 2006. There won't be a youth movement, either, as just 7% of baseball's audience is below age 18.
In one way, baseball's in great company. Of the 24 professional sports that the SBJ and Magna looked at, all but women's tennis has seen the average age of viewers increase. On the other hand, the only sports with an average age higher than baseball's are Nascar (58), men's tennis (61), horse racing (63), figure skating (63) and any form of golf (63 to 64). They're also the only sports drawing fewer young people, with the under-18 crowd ranging from 6% for women's tennis and figure skating to a dismal 3% for golf.
Don't laugh, football fans, because it isn't as if your sport is looking much better. While the average NFL viewer is 50, only 9% of the NFL's audience is kids under 18. Blame devices and attention spans all you'd like, but NFL viewership dropped by 8% on average last year, with Sunday and Monday night games down 10% to 12%.
Table: Where are the kids?
The average age of viewers of all but one of these sports has gone up in the past decade.
Sport Avg. age
in 2000 Avg. age
in 2006 Avg. age
in 2016 PGA Tour N/A 59 64 LPGA N/A 59 63 Horse racing 51 56 63 ATP tennis 51 56 61 NASCAR N/A 49 58 MLB 52 52 57 WNBA 42 49 55 WTA Tennis 58 63 55 Olympics 45 50 53 College football 47 48 52 College basketball 44 48 52 NFL 44 46 50 Boxing 45 47 49 NHL 33 42 49 NBA 40 40 42 MLS N/A 39 40 Sources: Sports Business Journal
Granted, football still draws 16.5 million viewers on average and remains a ratings juggernaut, but a mix of aging audiences and reduced viewership can have considerable implications for sports broadcasting. Consider this: ESPN currently pays $700 million a year for the rights to Major League Baseball and $1.9 million annually for the rights to various National Football League properties. However, it pays just $45 million a year for the rights to Major League Soccer and US Soccer and, before renewing its deal in 2014, paid roughly $500 million for rights to the National Basketball Association.
However, ESPN DIS, -0.08% has watched viewership drop from 100 million in 2011 to roughly 87 million this year. It's gone through multiple rounds of layoffs — including 100 high-profile staffers earlier this year — while charging cable and satellite subscribers more than $9 a month just for ESPN, ESPN2 and ESPNU. It has bet big on live sports, but is starting to put its money toward sports with growth potential. The network pays just $42 million a year for the rights to college sports championships in everything but football and basketball and has already seen ratings for both the College World Series and Women's College Softball World Series balloon this year. The SPJ didn't include either among its age rankings, but ESPN has tracked digital streaming of those events to gauge younger viewership.
Since 2014, when ESPN and Turner Sports entered a nine-year deal that pays the National Basketball Association $24 billion for the right to air its games, the NBA Finals have averaged between 19.9 million and 20.3 million viewers each year. Those are numbers the league hadn't seen since the last time Michael Jordan led the Chicago Bulls to the NBA Championship in 1998. They're also bolstered by an NBA viewership with an average age of 42 and kids accounting for more than one in 10 viewers (11%).
The biggest growth potential, however, comes from soccer. Major League Soccer's average audience of 308,000 last year is small by just about any standard, but up nearly 20% from a decade earlier. Fox Sports 1's MLS average of 188,000 is similarly tiny, but more than double what the former Fox Soccer drew during its last year of MLS broadcasts in 2011. Most tellingly, the 696,000 that the MLS drew to five Fox network-television broadcasts last year was the league's highest viewership ever — on any channel.
MLS viewers are an average of just 40 years old, and 15% are younger than 18. The only other leagues with that kind of following among kids are also soccer related: The English Premier League (43 on average, 10% under 18), international soccer like Fox and ESPN's UEFA Champions League coverage (39 on average, 13% under 18) and Mexico's Liga MX (39 on average, 17% under 18).
Fox pays just $30 million a year for its rights to MLS and $53 million for FIFA World Cup coverage, while NBC pays $160 million annually for the English Premier League. All of those rights deals come up for renewal in five years, right around the same time as NBC and Fox Sports' combined $740 million deal for Nascar. With Nascar's audience aging rapidly and its ratings slipping, its nine-figure deal starts to look bloated compared with what Fox, NBC and even ESPN are paying for rising soccer viewership and a younger core audience.
Nascar, Major League Baseball and even the NFL have long been able to slide on big U.S. viewership and even bigger television contracts. However, as a new generation cares less about designated hitters and pit stops than it does about the Cleveland Cavaliers/Golden State Warriors rivalry and Real Madrid's Champions League run, all-American sports programming is being dragged into a more cosmopolitan era.
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Google's Street View has become the canonical view of many places on Earth. Anyone with an Internet connection, anywhere in the world, can dial up a visual for billions of addresses. The Street View is a genre with universalizing tendencies. Every street becomes like every other street.
But what Google delivers in breadth, it loses in depth. The nature of the car camera technology means that all we see are exteriors passed by. Faces are blurred. We don't really see people living their lives, so much as the backdrop against which they do so.
Which is what makes The Beat , a new project from the Rutgers Social Media Information Lab , so interesting. It mashes up geolocated, hashtagged Instagram photos with the Google Street View locations from which they were posed. In doing so, it provides the human foreground for these locations.
People focus on the most interesting things, on food, on each other, on the sky. Google Street View does not. The other thing we get with Instagram is time: events, sunsets, Thanksgiving dinners, parades.
Here are a few of my favorites. Though, like with the Instagram mashup This Is Now , The Beat is best experienced yourself, letting the juxtapositions float by.
The History of Cardenio, often referred to as merely Cardenio, is a lost play, known to have been performed by the King's Men, a London theatre company, in 1613.[1] The play is attributed to William Shakespeare and John Fletcher in a Stationers' Register entry of 1653. The content of the play is not known, but it was likely to have been based on an episode in Miguel de Cervantes' Don Quixote involving the character Cardenio, a young man who has been driven mad and lives in the Sierra Morena. Thomas Shelton's translation of the First Part of Don Quixote was published in 1612, and would thus have been available to the presumed authors of the play.
Two existing plays have been put forward as being related to the lost play. A song, "Woods, Rocks and Mountains", set to music by Robert Johnson, has also been linked to it.[2][3]
Attribution [ edit ]
Although there are records of the play having been performed, there is no information about its authorship earlier than a 1653 entry in the Stationers' Register. The entry was made by Humphrey Moseley, a bookseller and publisher, who was thereby asserting their right to publish the work. Moseley is not necessarily to be trusted on the question of authorship, as they are known to have falsely used Shakespeare's name in other such entries.[4] It may be that they were using Shakespeare's name to increase interest in the play.[5] However, some modern scholarship accepts Moseley's attribution, placing the lost work in the same category of collaboration between Fletcher and Shakespeare as The Two Noble Kinsmen.[6] Fletcher based several of their later plays on works by Cervantes, so their involvement is plausible.
Synopsis of "Cardenio", the episode in the novel Don Quixote [ edit ]
After a few adventures together, Don Quixote and Sancho discover a bag full of gold coins along with some papers, which include a sonnet describing the poet's romantic troubles. Don Quixote and Sancho search for the person to whom the gold and the papers belong. They find him; it is Cardenio, a strange bare-footed character who leaps about from rock to rock like a mountain goat and whose clothes are in shreds. Cardenio, who lives in the hollow formed in a cork tree, rants and rages in anger regarding one Don Fernando.
Cardenio then relates to Don Quixote and Sancho the miserable story of their love for the wealthy and beautiful Luscinda: after Cardenio had received a letter from Luscinda suggesting that they might accept their proposal of marriage, they ask their wealthy and noble friend Don Fernando to arrange the wedding. Don Fernando has recently seduced and agreed to marry a young woman named Dorotea, but when they meet Luscinda they decide to steal them from Cardenio. To do this, they send Cardenio away on an errand. Luscinda then writes a letter to Cardenio to alert them to the fact that they are being double-crossed, and that their father has agreed to have them marry the wealthy Don Fernando. They tell Cardenio that they are in their wedding gown, and that "the traitor Don Fernando", along with their father and witnesses, are all assembled for the wedding. They secretly have a knife hidden in the folds of their dress, and they intend to commit suicide. Cardenio arrives and hides behind a tapestry to watch the nuptials. When it comes time to exchange the vows, Luscinda pauses, and then in a dismayed voice says "I will". The bridegroom goes to kiss their bride, but they swoon. Cardenio, upset, hops on their donkey, leaves town, and becomes an angry man living in the mountains.
Luscinda runs away to flee their new husband. The story ends with all the principals being brought together, including Dorotea, who had also run away from Don Fernando, and with loose ends being tied up: Don Fernando repents and apologizes to a forgiving Cardenio. Cardenio is reunited with Luscinda, and Don Fernando is reunited with Dorotea.[7]
Lewis Theobald and Double Falsehood [ edit ]
In 1727, Lewis Theobald claimed to have obtained three Restoration-era manuscripts of an unnamed play by Shakespeare, which they edited, "improved", and released under the name Double Falshood, or the Distrest Lovers. Double Falshood has the plot of the "Cardenio" episode in Don Quixote.
It has been suggested that Theobald was unable to publish the original script, because of Jacob Tonson's exclusive copyright on Shakespeare's plays. But that contention has been discounted, as the Tonson copyright applied only to the plays they had already published, not to any newly discovered play by Shakespeare; and Theobald edited an edition of the complete works for Tonson, whose commercial interests would have been substantially bettered if they had been able to advertise the edition as containing a hitherto "lost" play. (A prior instance of commercially "enhancing" an edition of Shakespeare's plays by adding new ones was the second reprint of the Third Folio of 1664, which added seven plays, only one of which (Pericles) has been accepted as at least partly by Shakespeare.)
The fate of Theobald's three alleged manuscripts is unknown. The very existence of three genuine manuscripts of that age is problematical, and Theobald was said to have invited interested persons to view the alleged manuscript, but they then avoided actually displaying them. These facts have led many scholars to conclude that Theobald's play was a hoax written by himself. However, more recent stylometric analysis may lead to the conclusion that Double Falsehood was based on one or more manuscripts written in part by Fletcher and in part by another playwright. The open question is whether that second playwright was Shakespeare. The text does not appear to contain many passages that may be even tentatively attributed to Shakespeare, but it is possible that Theobald so heavily edited the text that Shakespeare's style was entirely submerged.
In the late period represented by Shakespeare's known collaborations with Fletcher in Henry VIII and The Two Noble Kinsmen, their style had become so involved that it is difficult for a listener or even a reader to catch the meanings of many passages on a quick hearing or a first read, so Theobald might have found it necessary to alter the text in a way that made Shakespeare's voice unrecognisable. However historian Michael Wood has found an "idiosyncratic" verse in the Theobald adaptation which they believe could only have been written by Shakespeare.[8] Wood also asserts that the lyrics of at least one song by Shakespeare's regular collaborator, composer Robert Johnson, are related to Double Falsehood, indicating that Theobald had access to a genuine original text.[9][10] As "Double Falsehood" is substantially shorter than any other play of Shakespeare's and is completely lacking in a subplot, which all other Shakespearean plays have, it is likely that one of Theobald's revisions was to remove a subplot from their manuscript version.
In 2010, the Arden Shakespeare published Double Falsehood in its series of scholarly editions of Shakespeare's collected works. The editor, Professor Brean Hammond, made a case for the Shakespearean origins of Theobald's play.[11] In 2011 the Royal Shakespeare Company presented an adaptation of Double Falsehood as "Cardenio, Shakespeare's 'lost play' re-imagined," directed by Gregory Doran. The critic Michael Billington believes that this version is more suggestive of Fletcher than Shakespeare.[12] In 2012 Terri Bourus directed a production of Gary Taylor's "unadaptation" of Cardenio, an attempt to reverse Theobald's alterations of the original. Taylor's text along with detailed evidence supporting the view that Theobald had used the original playscript was published in a collection of essays the following year.[13] This text subsequently received its UK premiere on 18 March 2017 at the Mary Wallace Theatre, Twickenham in a production by Richmond Shakespeare Society in association with Cutpurse.
Double Falsehood, a synopsis [ edit ]
The stage play Double Falsehood varies its tone from that of the episode in the novel and gives the story a fast-moving comic treatment. This is noted in the preface that Theobald wrote in 1727. All of the characters are given new names for the play: Don Fernando becomes Henriquez, Cardenio becomes Julio, Luscinda becomes Leonora, Don Bernard is Leonora's father, and Dorotea becomes Violante. The play borrows from the novel's plot events leading to and including the wedding: Henriquez is in love with Leonora, who has planned to wed Julio. Julio is sent away on an errand, and Leonora is forced to the altar. They get a letter to Julio alerting him, they arrive as the wedding is occurring. The bride has a dagger hidden on them in order to commit suicide. Julio jumps out from behind a tapestry to stop the wedding, but they are overpowered. Earlier on, Henriquez has raped Violante, which motivates him, at the end, to marry them in order to make up for theirs misdeed. A significant difference between the stage play and the novel, is that the play contains a series of dramatic encounters between the principals that do not occur in the novel.[14]
Charles Hamilton and The Second Maiden's Tragedy [ edit ]
In 1990, handwriting expert Charles Hamilton, after seeing a 1611 manuscript known as The Second Maiden's Tragedy (usually attributed to Thomas Middleton), identified it as a text of the missing Cardenio in which the characters' names had been changed. This attribution has not gained much support among other authorities.[15]
Several theatre companies have capitalised on Hamilton's attribution by performing The Second Maiden's Tragedy under the name of Shakespeare's Cardenio. For instance, a production at Oxford's Burton Taylor Theatre in March 2004, claimed to have been the first performance of the play in England since its putative recovery (although a successful amateur production had premiered at Essex University's Lakeside Theatre on 15 October 1998).
A full production of the play, which noted the contested authorship, was mounted at the Next Theatre in Evanston, Illinois in 1998. Another production of the play, billed as William Shakespeare's Cardenio, was staged by the Lone Star Ensemble in 2002 in Los Angeles, directed by James Kerwin.[16]
In 2010 the Aporia Theatre began work on a new edit from translator and director Luis del Aguila and director Jonathan Busby. It was presented under Busby's direction at the Warehouse Theatre, Croydon, in November 2010. Critic Michael Billington believes the play is more suggestive of Middleton than Shakespeare.[17]
The Second Maiden's Tragedy, a synopsis [ edit ]
The main plot of The Second Maiden's Tragedy borrows from Cervantes' novel the events leading up to the wedding ceremony of Luscinda and Don Fernando. The authors of the play create a series of dramatic encounters between (to use the names in the novel) Luscinda and their father, and Luscinda and Don Fernando, Cardenio and Luscinda's father and Cardenio and Don Fernando. The wedding does not occur; instead, there is a dramatic scene in which the lusting Don Fernando (The Tyrant) sends their soldiers to grab Luscinda (The Lady). When The Lady finds out that soldiers will soon arrive and drag them off to Don Fernando's bed, they ask Cardenio to slay them with their sword. Cardenio draws their sword, aims it at the breast of the woman they love, runs at them — and this time it is Cardenio who swoons. Luscinda picks up the sword and commits suicide. Them suicide, their dead body, and their ghost, all play a part, as the story hurtles toward a climax of murder and revenge.[18][19]
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
This entry was posted in General Security, Wordfence, WordPress Security on October 14, 2015 by Mark Maunder 36 Replies
Exec summary: If you are storing European visitor data on servers based in the USA (most busy WordPress sites are), you are exporting “personally identifiable information”, or PII, of users in Europe to the United States. European law does not allow exporting of user PII unless companies can demonstrate they will protect European user's privacy and data. About 15 years ago the USA and Europe came up with the US-EU Safe Harbor agreement which has allowed US companies to store European data legally. The agreement was invalidated by the European courts last week.
That means that if you store the PII of European members on your WordPress site on servers based in the United States, you may be open to lawsuits from Europe, although the impact of the decision is unclear at this point.
We recommend that you find out if your hosting provider or cloud host provider is aware of this change in European law governing data stored in the USA and what they're doing about it. Your hosting provider may (like Amazon) already have agreements with member states in the EU that cover this change in European law.
If your hosting provider can't provide clear guidance, monitor news about this issue over the coming weeks as it becomes clear what impact the European court decision will have. The rest of this article has more detail on what “safe harbor” is, why the change occurred, how larger companies are dealing with this issue and the options for smaller businesses at this time.
Full article:
Europe is considered to have stricter privacy laws than the United States. Companies operating in Europe are not allowed to send user's personally identifiable information (PII) outside Europe unless that data is adequately protected. Once that data is outside Europe, it can't be shared with another company or organization, unless that organization has also demonstrated that they will adequately protect the data.
In the late 1990's, the European Commission worked with the United States Department of Commerce to develop international safe harbor privacy principles that would allow US based companies to transfer customer data to the USA and store it, as long as they provided adequate protection for that data.
Their work resulted in what is known as the “US-EU Safe Harbor” program. The US Department of Commerce has been providing a streamlined process that allows companies to self-certify that they are in compliance with the program. Once certified, companies fall under the protection of the Safe Harbor agreement. You can find out more about this program on export.gov.
Last Tuesday the European Court of Justice held the US-EU Safe Harbor program as invalid. The effects of this are still being interpreted, so there is no need to panic if you are running a website and storing European customer data in the USA. We're going to discuss why US-EU Safe Harbor was ruled as invalid and what this could mean going forward for site owners and publishers who store European member or customer data.
How Did Safe Harbor Get Invalidated?
Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's leaks have revealed that the US National Security Agency was spying on data held by American companies that belonged to EU citizens. An Austrian student, Max Schrems, filed a complaint against Facebook to the Irish Data Protection Authority. Schrems claimed that Facebook was not sufficiently protecting user data because, as Snowden leaks have shown, the NSA performs surveillance on technology companies.
Their complaint was thrown out by the Irish Data Protection Authority. They appealed to an Irish court and the complaint was sent to the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
Last Tuesday, October 6th 2015, the ECJ came back and ruled that the US EU Safe Harbor Agreement is invalid because the US Government can access the data of European citizens and is not subject to the same safe-harbor standards as the companies storing that data.
This is an important verdict because the ECJ is making a clear statement that American companies can't be trusted with user data because that data can (and has) been accessed by the National Security Agency and other intelligence organizations. Those organizations are not held to the US-EU Safe Harbor standards when they gain access to European customer data, and therefore the entire Safe Harbor agreement is invalid. The ECJ has effectively dropped a legislative bomb on international data privacy.
What Does This Mean?
The legal and information security community are still coming to terms with this decision. If you research the issue online you will find very little clear guidance as to where this leaves companies who are transferring customer data to US based servers. In theory it may seem that transferring EU customer data to US servers now breaks EU privacy law and makes US companies subject to lawsuits from EU plaintiffs. If that were true, the number of companies who are potential lawsuit targets is large.
To get around this tectonic shift in privacy law, larger companies like Amazon are using “model clauses” which are individual agreements with EU member countries that give those countries assurances that the company is operating within legal limits with regard to data privacy. These are complex and expensive for businesses to implement and are not practical for smaller businesses.
The Amazon case is interesting, because one effect of Amazon having a ‘model clauses' agreement is that if you are an Amazon Web Services customer and are using their services to store your customer data, you may be safe from this breakdown in safe-harbor. Here's the quote from Amazon:
“With our EU-approved [Data Protection Agreement] and Model Clauses, AWS customers can continue to run their global operations using AWS in full compliance with EU law,” an AWS spokesperson said in an emailed statement. “The AWS DPA is available to all AWS customers who are processing personal data, whether they are established in Europe or a global company operating in the European Economic Area.”
The question remains, if you are hosting a WordPress website and storing European customer data in the USA, what should you do about this?
As you can see from Amazon's statement above, if you are using a hosting company that has their own EU approved Data Protection Agreement with EU member states, then you may very well be protected already. We suggest you contact your hosting provider or cloud provider and ask them if they're aware of this change and what they're doing about it. You might also check their blog.
If your hosting provider doesn't provide clear guidance, there are unfortunately few options available besides taking a wait-and-see approach. If you visit the US Department of Commerce Safe Harbor website, they have a statement on the home page that says:
On October 6, 2015, the European Court of Justice issued a judgment declaring as “invalid” the European Commission's Decision 2000/520/EC of 26 July 2000 “on the adequacy of the protection provided by the safe harbour privacy principles and related frequently asked questions issued by the US Department of Commerce.” In the current rapidly changing environment, the Department of Commerce will continue to administer the Safe Harbor program, including processing submissions for self-certification to the Safe Harbor Framework. If you have questions, please contact the European Commission, the appropriate European national data protection authority, or legal counsel.
This in effect says “We aren't sure how this is going to play out. We're doing business as usual. Talk to your lawyer. We are talking to ours.”
So at this point if you are storing European customer data on US based servers, we would recommend that you continue to monitor this situation as it evolves. Over the next few weeks some guidance will likely emerge from the Commerce Department and we will hopefully be back to business as usual – where companies doing business in the EU can register for US-EU Safe Harbor and safely store customer data in the USA.
As always, we welcome your comments below!
Addendum: Does the Wordfence security plugin for WordPress store any PII on US based servers?
Wordfence is based in Seattle, Washington as are our servers. As you probably already know, we provide the most popular security plugin for WordPress. Wordfence does not transfer user personally identifiable information (PII) from the sites we protect to our servers in the USA or elsewhere.
The Wordfence security plugin performs most of it's functions and data storage on the WordPress server we are protecting. It communicates with our servers based in the USA to get data like the latest URL's from the Google Safe Browsing list, to verify source code integrity and to check if a domain is a known source of spam or infections.
As part of it's functions, Wordfence will occasionally transfer aggregated data to our servers for analysis when detecting spam, malware or attacks. This data can not be used to de-anonymize a site visitor or member.
References:
Free file hosting is not a problem now a days but to find a great high speed website that can help you to send or recieve your large files in an easier is really hard. We also know that people have a love and hate relationship with free file hosting sites. Some file hosting sites are really handy and make sharing data even simpler than sending a file via email while other services spam you with countless pop ups and forced membership options to simply download a file. But we dont want you to worry at all. We have compliled a list of 11 Free Websites For You To Send And Recieve Large Files Quickly.
You are welcome to share if you know more free file hosting services that have capability to send and recieve large files quicky and our readers/viewers may like. Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at SmashingApps.com just subscribe to our rss feed.
FileBanker – Free 10 GB File Hosting
FileBanker offers a spam free way to share your files as quickly as possible. You are not forced to sign up for paid options. Whenever you need to send a file that is too large for e-mail, FileBanker can help you quickly.
DropSend – Send Large Files And Email Large Files Easily And Securely
If you really need any free File Sharing website so here is DropSend. This is great for large files send and recieve. You can also store your files at DropSend. Their service is fast, simple and secure.
2Big2Send – Enabling You To Send Your Large Files Online Quickly, Easily For Free
2Big2Send enables you to send large files across the internet bypassing the limits imposed by email providers.They do this by allowing you to upload any large files you have to their storage servers then allow you to send an email from their system with a link to the files.
Badongo – Free File Hosting And Image Hosting
Badongo provides users with a link to their file that can easily be sent via email or instant messenger for viewing or download without having to worry about file size limitations of email and messenger applications. Badongo allowing users to join and create community networks, granting access to each otherÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s uploaded files.
GigaSize – Host And Share Your Files
GigaSize is the free online file hosting service. It hosts your large files with one click. This is the easiest way to upload, download and host files.
Share Send – The Easy Way to Share Files
Share Send is very simple and easy to use file sharing website. It really does not need any signup, you will just have to upload your file and you will get a url to share with your friends or anyone else.
file ai‚ – Securely Share Files Too Big To E-mail For Free
file ai is a free web site that enables people to securely share files with one another that cannot be easily sent via e-mail. You don't need to download or install any software, and your files are not uploaded to any server. The files are encrypted and sent directly, peer-to-peer, through your existing web browser.
Windows Live SkyDrive
Windows Live SkyDrive works well on any Windows or Macintosh computer with Firefox 1.5 or higher, or Internet Explorer 6 or higher. 5 GB of free online storage, available from any computer with Internet access. You can create personal, shared, and public folders and you can decide who has access to each folder.
ADrive – Revolutionizing Online Storage And Backup
ADrive.com leads the online data storage and backup industry by offering the largest amount of free storage and backup on the Internet.
Oosah – Online File Sharing, Slideshows And Galleries
Oosah is a simple, easy-to-use, but feature rich “Web 2.0” content hosting site. We give you one spot on the Web where you can manage all of your digital media content – photos, videos, and music/audio files.
Mozy Online Backup – Simple. Automatic. Secure
Mozy is the industry-leading solution for online backup – back up your important files, photos, documents and more over the internet.
Ten years after a landmark study, researchers find many Americans consider religion central to morality, civic virtue, and national identity.
Ten years ago University of Minnesota sociologists conducted research showing that, among a long list of racial and religious minority groups, atheists were the most disliked group of people in the United States. Last month they followed up with new research that shows that Americans still have negative opinions of atheists and the non-religious–and now they have a good theory about why that is.
Their findings are available online in the article “Atheists and Other Cultural Outsiders: Moral Boundaries and the Non-Religious in the United States” (Social Forces). The research team comprises Department of Sociology professors Penny Edgell, Douglas Hartmann and Joseph Gerteis, and graduate student Evan Stewart.
Survey data collected in 2014 shows that, compared to data collected in 2003, Americans have sharpened their negative views of atheists, despite an increase in people identifying as non-religious and an increase in public discussion of non-belief.
The findings of this most recent survey support the argument that atheists are persistent cultural outsiders in the United States because they are perceived to have rejected cultural values and practices understood as essential to private morality, civic virtue, and national identity. Moreover, any refusal to embrace a religious identity of any type is troubling for a large portion of Americans.
Forty percent of Americans view the non-religious–atheist, agnostic, no-religion, and spiritual-but-not-religious–as problematic, even though 33 percent of the survey respondents identify with those categories.
By the numbers, researchers found that:
40% of Americans disapprove of non-religion
33% of respondents fall into a broad “religious nones” category: 3.8% as atheist, 3.5% as agnostic, 7.1% as “spiritual but not religious” and 18.5% as “nothing in particular.”
27% of Americans say that atheists “don't share my morals or values.”
Comparing the “religious nones,” respondents had less negative views of people who say they have no religion, and feel more positively about those who are “spiritual but not religious”
These attitudes are strongly driven by a belief that religiosity is central for civic virtue, that societal standards of right and wrong should be rooted in historic religious traditions, and that Christianity underpins American identity.
Some measures of the respondents' attitudes show that Muslim-Americans are as distrusted, and in some cases more distrusted, than the non-religious. Analysis of these attitudes will be the subject of another paper by the same research team forthcoming later in 2016.
“There are no mainstreams, cultural expressions or depictions, on television for example, to present atheism to the general public,” says Edgell. “It's only in the last decade that a secular coalition of American atheist and non-religion organizations have gotten together. I expect that in the near future we'll see more effort on their part to change perceptions and lobby to change policy,” regarding the role of religion in everyday life.
The survey was conducted by GFK Group, with just over 2,500 people participating.
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
SHAKER HEIGHTS, Ohio – A hit-and-run driver who fatally struck a Shaker Heights teacher was fleeing from police when the accident happened, according to Fox 8.
James Caffrey, a 51-year-old fifth grade teacher at Woodbury Elementary School, was struck Saturday afternoon while jogging along South Park Boulevard.
They died later that day while being treated at University Hospitals Case Medical Center, according to the medical examiner.
Before the fatal accident, a University Heights police officer stopped the driver for a traffic violation. The driver fled as the officer approached the car, police told Fox 8.
The officer chased after the car, which was eventually found abandoned down the road from the accident, the station reported.
Caffrey is survived by their wife and two children.
The heads of the Shaker Heights and University Heights police departments did not return calls Sunday night seeking more information.
Hein Verbruggen distances themselves from Armstrong, denying accepting a bribe to conceal the 1999 positive for cortisone
PARIS (AFP) — Hein Verbruggen, the former president of the UCI accused of having protected Lance Armstrong, distanced themselves on Thursday from claims that they still support the retired cyclist, as a growing doping scandal has left the U.S. rider increasingly isolated.
Verbruggen, who was president of the UCI when Armstrong won the Tour de France seven times between 1999 and 2005, hit out amid anticipation of the sportsman's first public comments on the scandal.
The Dutchman, 71, and the UCI have been under pressure to respond to their failure to detect Armstrong's activities, which the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency outlined in its devastating dossier that sent shock waves through the sport last week.
One suggestion has been that Verbruggen had seen Armstrong — who returned to cycling after battling a life-threatening cancer — as the standard-bearer of a sport recently tarnished by a succession of doping scandals in the 1990s.
But they said a report in Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf “unjustly states that despite USADA's dossier I still insist there is no proof,” while also rejecting claims that they took a bribe to cover up a positive test for cortisone by Armstrong in 1999.
The bribery claims, they said, were “not worth an official statement,” reiterating that Armstrong, who USADA last week said was at the heart of the biggest doping program in the sport's history, has never been found to have tested positive by a drug laboratory.
“Therefore it could not have been hidden,” they added in a UCI statement.
Verbruggen's statement emerged as Italy's Gazzetta dello Sport alleged that USADA's 202-page dossier on Armstrong and more than 1,000 pages of supplementary testimony had opened a “Pandora's box” of shady dealings.
Italian investigators are probing Michele Ferrari, a sports doctor said to have overseen Armstrong's use of banned substances, who offered an “all-inclusive package” to top athletes and cyclists, enabling them to thwart the drug testers, the Italian daily claimed.
Dozens of athletes, and sometimes entire cycling teams, were reportedly implicated in the so-called “Ferrari system,” with the network involving money laundering, tax evasion and secret Swiss bank accounts.
The Italian probe could yet cause fresh controversy for the embattled Armstrong, as sponsors, including sportswear giant Nike, cut Armstrong from their marketing campaigns. Armstrong stepped down Wednesday from their chairpersonship of Livestrong, the cancer foundation they set up in 1997.
Armstrong themselves accepted that the adverse publicity surrounding them could impact the foundation.
Armstrong is set to speak at a gala fundraiser on Friday in Austin, Texas, to celebrate Livestrong's 15th anniversary, in what could prove to be an emotional first appearance in the spotlight since the USADA report emerged.
Their speech will be witnessed by a crowd of Livestrong backers, with organizers releasing a video recording afterwards on YouTube — so there will likely be no questions asked at the event about their fall from sporting grace.
David Carter, a sports business professor at the University of Southern California and executive director of USC's Sports Business Institute, said any Armstrong attempt to reclaim public respectability must include a confession.
“The only way [public figures] come back is when they take personal responsibility and accountability for what they've done,” Carter said. “He has not taken responsibility.”
That sets the stage for what could be a moment of truth for Armstrong. If not, there may be speculation about where the once-revered cycling legend goes from here.
Could Armstrong, who has denied any wrongdoing for years, suddenly now admit that they were at the heart of a massive doping scheme?
Or might the sportsman lash out at their accusers, attacking the 11 former teammates who testified against them as well as others as part of a conspiracy against the man they helped make a champion?
A week of revelations has seen public opinion shift in the United States against Armstrong.
Investment adviser Eric Davis, 50, told AFP in Austin that they “wanted to believe” that Armstrong was innocent, but that with the recent reports “there's no escaping the fact that they did it.”
Others grudgingly admitted that Armstrong cheated, although also pointed out that the good they have done for cancer prevention, treatment and awareness mitigated this.
You're Good to Go!
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Gamers have spent more than 1 billion hours playing Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition since the game launched in May, Microsoft announced today through its PlayXBLA blog.
One billion hours is equivalent to over 114,00 years.
Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition recently crossed 6 million units sold. At $20 per down, the game has now generated $120 million since launch.
Sales and play time are likely to increase further, as a disc-based Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition is coming to United States retailers on April 30. This will be followed by launches in Australia, Hong Kong, India, New Zealand, Singapore, and Taiwan in early June.
For more on Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition, check out GameSpot's review.
by
In the early 1990s I spent a lot of time around shark fishermen and observing the slaughter of sharks in Baja California Sur. At that time, fishermen had moved over from the Sea of Cortez where shark populations had collapsed, to focus on an intensive long-line and gill net fishery along the Pacific, concentrating on the offshore fishing grounds of Magdalena Bay, San Ignacio Lagoon, the Vizcaino Peninsula and finally the area north of Guerrero Negro (Los Cirios Coast). At that time rays were also fished intensively due to to the collapse of other fisheries.
Most of the shark meat and ray meat (used to make machaca) were considered second or third-class fish, which meant a lower price. For sharks obviously it was the trade in fins that drove fishermen to go out 20-60 miles from shore to set long-lines or gill nets. At that time I had not realized that this type of fishing activity was being carried out all over the world and was causing the collapse of shark populations.
I had not also realized the extent to which the obsession with shark fin soup in Taiwan, Hong Kong and China was driving the extinction of the ocean's most feared, beautiful and interesting animals.
WiLDCOAST has been working with Defenders of Wildlife-Mexico and Iemanya Oceanica to curtail the excessive shark fishery in Mexico and to educate the general public through media campaigns of the impact the shark fishery was having on Mexico's ocean health.
When sharks unfortunately attacked and killed two surfers a few years ago just north of Zihuatanejo (and attacked another surfer who survived) we carried out a successful effort to stop a government sanctioned revenge shark slaughter.
We also worked with organizations like WildAid, Oceana, NRDC, Ocean Conservancy and Heal the Bay to advocate for the ban on the sale of shark fins in California. Our wrestling superhero El Hijo del Santo has been a tireless advocate for sharks and reached more than 30 million people through appearances on news and talk shows on the Telemundo networks to call for the California ban on shark fins.
Since then we have attempted to work to have Mexico include endangered hammerheads on the CITES list. That effort was squashed by the Mexican government.
So last week, conservationists were surprised and happy to learn that Mexico had proposed a moratorium on fishing all species of sharks and rays. And from this story that appeared on the New York Times blog it seemed very clear that the moratorium would be real:
Mexico announced here plans yesterday to ban shark and stingray fishing starting next year, creating what would be the largest initiative by one nation to protect shark species. The temporary moratorium is part of a burgeoning global movement against the trade of shark fins used as an ingredient in an Asian delicacy. Mexican authorities said they were inspired by the “shark sanctuary” declared two years ago by Pacific nation of Palau. “Mexico wishes to share with the international community our intention to declare next year a moratorium on shark and stingray fishing,” said Yanerit Morgan, Mexico's deputy permanent representative to the United Nations on the side of a General Assembly meeting yesterday. Joined by leaders of a small-island nations and other Latin American states, Morgan said the fishing ban would encompass Mexico's territorial seas and expansive exclusive economic zone (EEZ) in the Pacific Ocean, Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico. The goal, they said, was to protect “pregnant female specimen and newborns of the main shark and stingray species.” Morgan at the Mexican U.N. mission said their country's decision to establish a moratorium is strictly a domestic initiative and not part of a regional North American or Latin American conservation effort. “Our decision is a national policy,” Morgan said. “We hope that others can join us.”
Seemed pretty clear. Except it wasn't. According to my inside sources in the Mexican government there was no plan to have a moratorium. The statement at the U.N. was a “mistake.” One source informed me that here was another proposal for a 3-month moratorium that they were confused about. Another source informed me that the proposal was actually real, but was only a foil in an attempt to pressure Mexican fishery officials (rabidly anti-conservation) to actually enact the 3-month moratorium.
Both sources assured me that a statement from the Mexican government clarifying the situation would be forthcoming.
It has been more than a week and no statement has been issued clarifying anything. Leading shark conservationists in the U.S. I spoke with continue to believe that Mexico is serious about conserving shark populations and the moratorium.
And this morning the New York Times, in an editorial, “A Growing Movement to Save Sharks”, lauded Mexico for its shark and ray conservation initiative:
Last month, Mexico announced that it would ban shark and stingray fishing beginning next year. This would affect Mexico's exclusive fishing zones in the Pacific Ocean and in the Gulf of Mexico. Several island nations — Micronesia, the Maldives, Palau, and the Marshall Islands — have already created shark sanctuaries. There is hope that Honduras and Colombia will follow suit, perhaps creating a protective corridor reaching to the Galapagos Islands.
So is the shark moratorium truth of fiction?
These types of policy “wars” in Mexico over proposals used to be carried out domestically in the state-run media. Different newspapers would publish policy proposals by competing factions in a government agency (the Mexican government under the PRI essentially bankrolled the press).
You would always know an article was a political message because it would appear without a byline with a very forceful and badly written statement about a very obscure policy. Another newspaper would carry the same type of article from a competing faction of technocrats calling for a different obscure policy.
Then the issue would vanish from the public spotlight.
What is unfortunate is that in the past, Mexico used to pass far-reaching conservation initiatives because it was worth the positive international media exposure it received–and then those plans would be implemented (to some degree).
Now let's hope that the Calderon administration is not cynical enough to have carried out a policy war internationally and use the international press to argue over competing proposals–one of which-the year-long moratorium–the government never intended to ever happen.
That would be a shame for sharks and for ocean health.
Related articles
Advertisements
MLG and Clutch Con Host a $15,000 CS: GO Event
Watch Live at MLG.tv/ClutchCon from 1/30 – 2/1
Major League Gaming (MLG) is teaming up with Clutch Con to host a Counter Strike: Global Offensive event in Denver, Colorado. From January 30th to February 1st viewers will be able to tune into MLG.tv/ClutchCon and watch the best Counter Strike: Global Offensive teams in the world including Fnatic, Cloud9, KaBuM and more compete for $15,000.
Friday, January 30th – 11:00am MST
Saturday, January 31st – 9:00am MST
Sunday, February 1st – 9:00am MST
Friday Broadcast Schedule
11:00 am: Team Liquid vs SapphireKelownaDotCom
12:20 pm: Team Liquid vs Cloud9
1:40 pm: Counter Logic Gaming vs fnatic
4:00 pm: Mythic vs UBINITED
5:20 pm: KaBuM.TD vs eLevate
6:40 pm: Mythic vs torqued
Clutch Con is a 3-day 24 hour gaming festival where attendees will be greeted with panels hosted by gaming industry experts & cosplay artists, a video game developer area, board gaming tables, photo booths, pro-gamer meet & greets, specialty vendors, artist alley, sponsor giveaways and much more. Tickets and event details are available online at www.clutchcon.com.
About Major League Gaming (MLG):
MLG is the leader in eSports delivering premium gaming content to viewers through its streaming platform – MLG.tv and promoting eSports globally through premier competition. MLG.tv is one of the fastest growing broadcast networks worldwide reaching 20 million highly-engaged fans each month via web, mobile, connected TVs, gaming consoles and social media. MLG pioneered the eSports industry as the longest-running competitive gaming league in North America and through Gamebattles, the largest cross platform online gaming tournament system with 9 million registered users. For more information: www.mlg.tv.
Pity the literary supporting character. Unlike television, which has never met a minor supporting character it doesn't want to parlay into an uneven, unwatched spinoff, literature by and large leaves many of its most interesting characters languishing in the background, unexplored and mysterious. They're like the kids who join the Chess Club and win the state championship, only no one notices because some teenage wizard just burned down the school.
Thing is, these secondary characters are even more interesting because of the lack of information about them. The main characters? We know everything. The whole story is about them. The half-glimpsed supporters are like a song that earworms you but can't be identified. They stick with you, and you wonder…and wonder, with no hope of revelation. Here are five supporting characters we wish had their own books:
Susan Pevensie (The Chronicles of Narnia, by C.S. Lewis)
Susan is one of the most mysterious characters ever created. She's one of the original band of four children who stumble unto the magical world of Narnia in The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe, of course. But in the final book, The Last Battle, everyone associated with Narnia is summoned back—except Susan. With only vague hints suggesting a reason for their exclusion, the mystery inspired Neil Gaiman to write the short story The Problem with Susan in 2005. While we know why they were booted–too many nylons and lipstick–the world would love to know what Susan did with their family-less life after they were lost to Narnia forever.
Mycroft Holmes (Sherlock Holmes, by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle)
Sherlock's older brother, Mycroft, has not only demonstrated themselves to be even more brilliant, they also have a mysteriously “necessary” job with the British government. We can imagine Mycroft as a spy or secret agent type, as Stephen Moffat has in the modern-day TV series Sherlock, but imagine is all we can do, because Mycroft and their lazy brilliance only appear in four of Doyle's stories about the world's most famous detective. Brilliant, socially inept, and a secret agent? This is a character screaming for a book. Since I always imagine myself as a lazy genius (and am generally half right, according to everyone in the known universe), I naturally think Mycroft should get more attention.
Milo Minderbinder (Catch-22, by Joseph Heller)
One might argue that Milo Minderbinder is not a supporting character but a main character in Heller's brilliant novel, and one could, in fact, argue that he's actually the main character in Catch-22. They have three chapters devoted to them (where other characters get just one), after all, and their capitalistic ways and memorable scams—for example, buying fresh eggs for a penny each, selling them for four and a half pennies, then buying the very same eggs back for seven cents, and finally selling them to the army's mess hall for five cents…and somehow making a profit—are often the aspects of the book people remember. If one of those “get rich quick” books had Milo's name on it, I would buy two.
Louis Gara (The Switch and Rum Punch, by Elmore Leonard)
Made more famous than they otherwise would be owing to film portrayals (by Robert De Niro in Jackie Brown and John Hawkes in Life of Crime), Louis Gara at first glance is a minor character offering some comic relief and handy plot points in the Leonard universe. But if you pause for a moment and examine the character in each novel, separated by 14 real-world years and an indeterminate amount of time in fiction, Louis becomes much more interesting. In The Switch, he's a criminal, yes, but a fairly cheerful and optimistic one who isn't down for actually hurting people. By the time of Rum Punch he's much more hardened, less thoughtful, and prone to violence. Prison time isn't known for inspiring people, but there's a potentially interesting character study there.
Boris Pavlikovsky (The Goldfinch, by Donna Tartt)
Boris is by far the most popular character in Tartt's Pulitzer-winning novel. Simultaneously shameless and whimsical, and speaking in perhaps the most precisely-rendered ESL patois ever managed on the page, Boris disappears for much of the story only to return and be instrumental at the end—and then disappear again. One wonders what hijinks Boris will get up to in the future, and how many people he'll get accidentally killed along the way—all of whom will use their dying breath to pat them affectionately on the head and forgive him.
Which supporting character would you most love to read a book about?
The big argument in the tech policy world right now is focused on comments submitted earlier this year to the Federal Communications Commission. As Nancy Scola notes, President Obama recently asked the FCC to "answer the call of almost 4 million public comments, and implement the strongest possible rules to protect net neutrality."
But it turns out that many of those comments — perhaps even a majority — were actually opposed to stronger network neutrality rules. A Sunlight Foundation analysis on the topic has generated angry responses from left-leaning groups who say that their own submissions were under-counted. It looks like a big part of the problem is that the FCC's system for submitting comments is so old and rickety that some submitted comments didn't make it into the data set the agency released.
The agency comment process was never supposed to be a popularity contest
Yet it's a mistake to get too hung up on the specific numbers. The vast majority of the comments — Sunlight says 88 percent in the latest batch — were form letters created with help from a handful of activist groups on either side of the fight. So the ratio of pro- and anti-net neutrality comments may tell us less about what voters think than about how well-funded each side's activist groups are.
More importantly, the agency comment process was never supposed to be a popularity contest. In most proceedings, agencies get a modest number of in-depth submissions from experts and interest groups who are expressing opinions about the nuances of proposed regulations. The ratio of comments on each side has never been an important factor in agency decision-making. One submission that raises an issue the agency hadn't considered before can be more valuable than a thousand from people who simply filled out a form on an activist group's website.
Of course, the network neutrality debate has become far more political than others the FCC decides on. More ordinary people have an opinion on it than they do about almost any other issue on the FCC's docket, which is why the issue has generated millions of submissions.
But that's precisely why this decision shouldn't be left to the FCC. Congress set up regulatory agencies like the FCC to work out the details of regulatory decisions. But big-picture policy decisions — especially those that are hotly contested by voters — should be made by Congress itself.
Congress is specifically organized to resolve political issues like this. It has hundreds of elected officials whose job is to represent the interests of their constituents. Congress, not the FCC, should be deciding what network neutrality rules, if any, should govern the internet.
Unfortunately, polarization and gridlock has made it almost impossible for Congress to do its job. Congress hasn't updated the laws governing the internet since 1996, a time before Google, Facebook, and the iPhone existed. The concept of network neutrality didn't even exist back then. Congress ought to update the law to reflect 20 years of technological change. But because it's not likely to do so, the FCC is forced to do a job it was never designed for.
See you on the radio today at 12 noon Eastern on America's Number One radio show. You can listen on one of over 600 radio stations across the United States or via the iHeartMedia app. Love to have you with us one way or the other.
~On Wednesday night I sat in for Tucker Carlson for a full hour of hopefully spirited debate and incisive analysis. First up was Richard Goodstein discussing the Department of Justice's failure to meet today's deadline to turn over anti-Trump "Russia investigation" texts to the Senate Judiciary Committee:
Goodstein charged that Trump urged Wikileaks to steal information from Clinton associates' email. Steyn dismissed the claim, saying campaign manager John Podesta's password was literally "password." They said that if Goodstein was correct, they should be afraid of going "out of business" since the Russians can apparently do their consulting job for as little as $100,000. "You guys are out of business if...some guy in Moscow can swing the election [for 100 grand]," Steyn said.
We then moved on to Congressman Ron DeSantis, and the question of whether the "dodgy dossier" destroys the legitmacy of the FBI investigation and attendant surveillance. Click below to watch:
Later I talked to Wendy Osefo about Obama's interview with Prince Harry - and Vanity Fair telling Hillary to get lost:
Liberal magazine @VanityFair​ turns on Hillary... telling them to go away and take up knitting. Ageist? Sexist? #TuckerCarlsonTonight pic.twitter.com/wUSYHhFBjr — Tucker Carlson (@TuckerCarlson) December 28, 2017
With the looming Winter Olympics now accepting transgender athletes on the basis of their own self-identification, Joanna Harper and I discussed whether we were heading towards the end of women's sports:
We'll link to any more video if Fox posts it. On Thursday, I'll be back behind the Golden EIB Microphone guest-hosting for Rush on America's Number One radio show, live at 12 noon Eastern/9am Pacific. If you're in the vicinity of the receiving apparatus, I hope you'll dial us up for all or part of the three-hour broadcast. But I'll also be back for a couple of segments on Tucker's show tomorrow night, starting at 8pm Eastern.
CLOSE Michigan State wide receiver Aaron Burbridge speaks with reporters Thursday, Feb. 25, 2016, at the NFL combine in Indianapolis. Video by Joe Rexrode / DFP
Michigan State Spartans Aaron Burbridge runs the ball against the Michigan Wolverines during second quarter action Saturday, October 17, 2015 in Ann Arbor Michigan. (Photo: Kirthmon F. Dozier, DFP)
INDIANAPOLIS – Even in the informal, get-to-know-you sessions surrounding the NFL combine, a coach can use game film to get a feel for a prospect's aptitude.
Buffalo Bills receivers coach Sanjay Lal, for example, got out their iPad on Wednesday night in a session with Aaron Burbridge and started quizzing them on coverages.
“I was answering all of them correct,” Burbridge said Thursday at Lucas Oil Stadium, site of the combine. “He was surprised.”
The former Michigan State receiver is finding that their apprenticeship in the Spartans' pro-style offense is paying off as they get to know the people who will consider drafting him.
“A lot of the coaches that I met with last night, they told us coach (Mark Dantonio) and their staff gets a lot of Michigan State guys ready, league-ready,” said Burbridge, the 2015 Big Ten Receiver of the Year. “And I was answering a lot of questions they didn't expect me to answer or know.”
Burbridge has formal interviews scheduled with the Los Angeles Rams and Arizona Cardinals, and they are projected to go somewhere in the range of Rounds 2-4 in the April 28-30 draft. Draft analyst Jon Ledyard wrote for USA TODAY that Burbridge has “tremendous concentration and body control” to go with “advanced” route knowledge, but that he's “certainly not a burner.”
Burbridge is hoping to run the 40 in the 4.5-second range, and that teams see their senior season outburst — 85 catches for 1,258 yards, after they had 80 for 916 in their first three seasons — as the new normal rather than an aberration.
“I feel like I'm NFL-ready,” they said.
Contact Joe Rexrode: jrexrode@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @joerexrode. Check out their MSU blog at freep.com/heyjoe. Download our Spartans Xtra app for free on Apple and Android devices!
"When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. … We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund."
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio took an outsize swing at a provision of Obamacare as GOP presidential candidates hammered their favorite target during the CNN debate in Houston.
"When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare," Rubio said while addressing frontrunner Donald Trump on Feb. 25, 2016. "All these lobbyists you keep talking about, they put a bailout fund in the law that would allow public money to be used, taxpayer money, to bail out companies when they lost money. We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund."
Did Obamacare contain a bailout for insurance companies, and did Rubio and congressional Republicans get rid of it? In short, they postponed a provision of the law, but it wasn't a bailout.
Risky business
What Rubio calls a bailout is actually a part of the Affordable Care Act known as "risk corridors."
When the health care law started requiring insurance companies to sell policies to everyone (even sick people with pre-existing conditions), those companies were caught in a tough spot. They didn't know how much to charge in premiums to cover expenses for all those new policies.
So the law set up a three-year period, from 2014 to 2016, during which the government would spread the risk for insurers in the new law's marketplaces while they adjusted premiums. This program is known as risk corridors.
If a company is good at setting its rates and make more than a certain amount, they pay Washington some of their extra money. These are called user fees. If a company is not so good at setting rates and loses money, the government would cover some of their losses.
That's the bailout to which Rubio is referring. They started calling it a "bailout" for unsuccessful insurance companies in 2013, the same year they introduced an ill-fated bill in the Senate to repeal the program.
But let's be clear: Several experts told us risk corridors aren't a bailout. A bailout is usually a program that saves a company after the fact. Risk corridors are a mechanism that was put in place to deal with a problem that everyone assumes could occur.
And they aren't new, either. The risk corridors program was modeled after a successful plan that was part of George W. Bush's Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage, albeit slightly different than the Obamacare version. No one referred to that as a bailout.
Finding money for payments
Now, part of the problem is that the the health care law didn't say where it would get the money for any risk corridor payments. Remember those user fees from successful insurers? The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, later decided they would use that money to make any payments owed to insurers that weren't so successful.
In 2013, CMS said insurers who said they needed money would get it, "regardless of the balance of payments and receipts" in the program. Rubio took this to mean that if there wasn't enough money from user fees to cover the payments, the White House would ask Congress for money -- that is, tax revenue.
CMS said in April 2014 it wouldn't ask Congress for an appropriation, but instead would make up the difference in later years if the marketplace didn't bring in enough user fees. Rubio went to work, urging then-Speaker of the House John Boehner in October 2014 to block potential tax money appropriations for risk corridor payments.
That's what Congress did. When lawmakers passed a spending bill in December 2014, it included special language called a "rider" that said the CMS' parent agency, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, could not use any extra money in its budget to pay risk corridor expenses. That effectively locked CMS into its stated plan of using user fees. (The same rider was included in the 2015 spending bill.)
Some legislators have credited Rubio with inspiring this language, although there have been questions about how much credit they can take. Rubio reintroduced their bill to repeal risk corridors.
By October 2015, it became apparent the risk corridors program didn't work so well in the first year. CMS announced the program took in $362 million in user fees for 2014, while less successful insurers asked for a total of $2.87 billion, leaving a $2.5 billion shortfall CMS can't pay.
CMS said it would pay out 12.6 percent of claims from 2014, then wait to see next year's results. Some insurers left the marketplaces or even collapsed altogether, leading Rubio to crow their actions have been "a big part of ending Obamacare for good." (We likely won't know what the program took in for 2015 until fall 2016, and 2016's totals until 2017.)
Whether it will really kill Obamacare is up for debate. Some legal scholars have said all the rider did was highlight a problem the law already had and prevent a workaround. Two years ago, the Congressional Budget Office said the risk corridors will likely eventually break even by 2016.
If the program doesn't, CMS will have to find the money somehow or ask Congress to make an appropriation to pay insurers. Otherwise, insurers could sue to get those payments. An Oregon insurance company that is no longer offering marketplace plans did just that on Feb. 24, suing the government for $5 billion over missed risk corridors payments.
Our ruling
Rubio said, "When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. … We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund."
The "bailout fund" is actually a provision in the Affordable Care Act called risk corridors, designed to temporarily aid insurers as they adjust premiums. Rubio helped persuade Congress to prevent Health and Human Services from being able to cover expenses its own budget.
But experts have said Rubio is wrong to call the program a bailout, and that the program is supposed to pay for itself through fees from insurers.
Furthermore, the program hasn't been "wiped out." At best, Rubio and Congress have temporarily limited one potential way CMS could have covered insurance companies' losses. We'll have to see what happens when the program expires after 2016 -- then any outstanding bills will be due, one way or another.
We rate Rubio's statement Mostly False.
I believe build-time compilers will play a much more important role in JavaScript development in the coming years. I this post I will show how I reduced the payload size of my blog commenting feature from over 100k to 4.7k by switching to the compiler based framework Svelte.
To start. Here is a screenshot of the component:
What is JavaScript compilation?
In my opinion there are a few variations on what it entails.
Angular
Angular has a really started to embrace build-time compilation. In the Angular world it's referred to as Ahead of Time compilation (AoT). AoT is a process of converting domain specific language in Angular templates to pure JavaScript that can be executed by a browser. By domain specific I mean things like ngIf and ngFor. Basically anything that is specific to Angular, but foreign to browsers.
The alternative is doing compilation at runtime before the application loads. This approach is referred to as Just in Time compilation (JiT).
JiT is a bad option for production applications and should be avoided. JiT delays application rendering since the application can't load until compilation has finished.
On top of that, users have to download the angular compiler as part of the application. Angular's compiler accounts for roughly half the size of the Angular framework.
I like to say: If you are doing AoT you are shipping an actual JavaScript application to the client. If you are doing JiT you are shipping an Angular application that has to be converted to a JavaScript application at runtime.
React
Now that Angular has AoT, can we say that it is far superior to React?
Well, no... It is not fair to bring up AoT as a differentiating factor when comparing Angular to React. The need for AoT is mainly driven by the fact that so much of your Angular code lives in html templates. In React you don't have this issue since JSX compiles down to pure JavaScript. In that sense you can say that React already has a form of AoT built-in.
Svelte
Svelte takes build-time compilation to the next level.
Both Angular and React will compile your application code, but you still have to download a framework “runtime” for your application to work. This means the user has to download one or more extra files that represent the framework itself (e.g. react.min.js)
This is where Svelte is different.
Instead of leaning on a runtime your JavaScript code is compiled into pure JavaScript that can run “as is” without downloading any additional framework specific files.
The idea is to compile your application to something that resembles a hand coded application. Basically what it would look like if you built everything from scratch without using a framework.
Of course the compiled code has to follow certain convention with specific functions etc.
I think of Svelte as writing the “framework” at compile time based on the specific needs of your application.
This is great since everything is custom tailored to the needs of your application. It's the best way to trim the payload since you will never have to download any unnecessary framework code from a “one size fits all” bundle.
Tree Shaking
Some might say that frameworks will ensure that no unnecessary framework code is included by doing Tree Shaking.
This is only partially true since Tree Shaking is generally limited to the statement level (e.g. class, function, etc). This means you can't partially Tree Shake an entity (e.g.class) if you only use 10% of it . A statement has to either be fully included or excluded.
Of course, this changes if you throw the Closure compiler into the mix. I have an article explaining this distinction a bit more here.
Angular will likely base its Tree Shaking on the Closure compiler in the near future.
Closure compiler integration can be tricky, but I am really excited about the Angular team's Closure compiler work. I expect great things from this integration.
I have an article here about some of the challenges when working with the Closure compiler.
Converting Blog Comments to Svelte
Now let's see Svelte in action!
My blog is a home grown application with a custom commenting feature. My initial implementation was done using Aurelia.
First of all, Aurelia is an excellent framework. I want to make it very clear that the following section is not a knock on Aurelia, but rather a comparison between compiler based and runtime heavy frameworks.
Aurelia falls into the camp of a runtime based framework. Like with any modern framework it supports optimization of the bundle to meet the needs of specific applications. That said there is no escaping a sizable Aurelia specific download.
I built the Aurelia version of the commenting feature last year. Here is an article detailing my approach.
Aurelia Payload
Granted this is not running the latest version of Aurelia (aurelia-framework@1.0.0-beta.1.2.3), and there might be ways to tweak the bundle a bit. In my case the Aurelia framework bundle alone weighed in at 84.7k. In addition there is 2.7k in application code and another 21.3k from systemjs.
Svelte Payload
I recreated the commenting feature in Svelte and my payload is sitting pretty at 4.7k. This is the entire application!
Closure Compiler
The 4.7k payload is after running the bundle through the Closure compiler (ADVANCED_OPTIMIZATION). However, a non minified raw version of the application is only 8.9k.
All numbers are after gzip.
You can compare the source for both here:
The improvements from the Closure compiler are in part from standard minification, but Closure compiler will also run deeper analysis to look for improvements.
One example of this is the createElementX wrapper functions in the Svelte compiled code. This function exists in a few different versions. If you look at the Closure compiled source you will see that all the different versions of createElementX have been inlined away.
Closure compiler is probably not necessary here, but it makes for an interesting experiment.
It's usually difficult to get the the Closure compiler's ADVANCED_OPTIMIZATION to work with most frameworks. It typically makes too many assumptions about how the code is written to be practical.
Svelte however is actually relatively compatible with the Closure compiler. This is mainly because Svelte will compile the entire application to JavaScript.
Frameworks with a separation between JavaScript and html will typically not fare well with the Closure compiler. This is because Closure compiler will often shorten property names in the JavaScript and break bindings in the html.
The second hurdle is often a runtime that is not compatible with the Closure compiler. To get around this you have to give the Closure compiler cues in the form of “Externs”, which typically complicates the integration.
Svelte doesn't have html separation or a runtime, so things are easier. There are still a few adjustments here and there, but the ones I've seen are often not Svelte's fault.
So far I've only seen one api in Svelte that may not be great for the Closure compiler.
The “component.get('firstName')” api with string based accessors will break if property names are shortened by the Closure compiler. You can work around it thought in your objects by specifying property names in quotes like this:
{'firstName': 'Joe'} // 'firstName' will protect the property from renaming
This becomes harder to do if you are using the property in a component binding like this though:
<Comment firstName:{{name}} />
Demo
I have converted my blog to use the new Svelte component. Check it out here on one of my articles with several comments.
I decided to keep the Aurelia version for my Aurelia specific articles. For comparison you can see the old implementation here.
I have also pushed my Svelte code to Github
Luke Shaw has claimed that they are finally ready to justify their £28 million price tag at Manchester United after admitting to struggling to adjust to life at Old Trafford.
Shaw, 19, made their first appearance in six weeks for Louis van Gaal's team as United were beaten 1-0 at Chelsea on Saturday.
Having battled with fitness issues and indifferent form since completing their transfer from Southampton, the England left-back produced their best performance in a United shirt at Stamford Bridge and they insisted that their problems were now behind him.
“I am still young and coming to the biggest club in the world hasn't been easy for me,” Shaw said. “I haven't been playing and there have been a lot of negative comments about me.
“It is something that isn't nice and I've tried to ignore it, but hopefully the Chelsea game is the start of me coming back. I am positive. It was my first performance for six weeks, so it was great to be back on the pitch.”
Shaw says they are benefiting from Louis van Gaal's approach
After being replaced during the FA Cup quarter-final defeat against Arsenal, Shaw spent the subsequent six weeks out of the team, initially nursing a hamstring injury before being subjected to an intensive three-week training regime.
However, the defender insisted that they were now benefiting from Van Gaal's approach.
“I saw a comment the other day saying I was taken off at half-time against Arsenal because I wasn't fit enough, but that's not true at all,” Shaw said. “I know what the manager pulled me off for and it wasn't for my fitness because I could have carried on in the game.
“I spoke with the manager about it. I felt my back a little bit and they just wanted to be careful because I am young and hopefully have a long future ahead of me. Over the last three weeks, I have learned a lot from them [Van Gaal] and credit goes to them for trusting me in a big game like this one. They have two sides to him, but they are genuinely a really nice guy and a great manager.”
The United States has a first-rate, professionally run facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, that is designed for terrorist detentions, interrogations and military trials. So why would a suspected Somali terrorist, captured half a world away, be held on a Navy ship for two months of interrogations and then brought to a New York federal court for trial? In our opinion, there is no good reason.
Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame, a member of al-Shabab with close ties to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), was captured in April on a boat traveling between Yemen and Somalia. They stand accused of providing material support to AQAP and al-Shabab, as well as conspiring to teach the making of explosives.
AQAP is a franchise of the al-Qaeda terrorist network that operates out of Yemen and is widely viewed as the most dangerous and operationally active al-Qaeda affiliate. The group played an important role in Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's attempted “underwear bombing” of a U.S.-bound airliner on Christmas Day 2009 and the 2010 plot to ship package bombs to the United States.
Al-Shabab has traditionally focused on Somalia but in the past pledged its allegiance to Osama bin Laden and claimed responsibility for twin bombings in Uganda last year that killed more than 70 people. Increasingly, al-Shabab appears to be adopting an agenda that extends well beyond Somalia.
Given the activities that Warsame is suspected of having engaged in and their affiliation with two groups the State Department has designated as international terrorist organizations, the logical place for the Obama administration to have sent them was Guantanamo Bay — they are a suspected enemy combatant in our global war against Islamist terrorism, not a suspected common criminal.
When an enemy combatant is captured, the primary focus should be intelligence-gathering, not criminal prosecution. This is because intelligence allows us to stay ahead of the enemy and prevent future attacks. If enemy combatants know that they will be held on naval vessels at sea for a relatively short duration before being transferred to civilian courts, they will have every incentive to refuse to cooperate. In contrast, the enemy combatants held at Guantanamo Bay for long-term detention under the law of war or awaiting a military tribunal can be interrogated for as long as necessary in order to gain intelligence needed for operations such as the Osama bin Laden raid. The Guantanamo detainees are treated in a manner that conforms to international law and honors American values.
Moreover, the administration's decision to send Warsame to New York ignores the advantages of trying suspected terrorists at Guantanamo and is in direct contravention of Congress's clear intent that terrorists captured abroad should not stand trial on American soil. Guantanamo has a state-of-the-art courtroom that was designed to safeguard classified information and avoid the risks associated with a terrorism trial in a U.S. city. Americans overwhelmingly opposed Attorney General Eric Holder's plan to try Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed in New York — a decision the administration later reversed, sending Mohammed to Guantanamo for a military tribunal.
The events surrounding the Warsame case are not the only evidence of the need for a clear, cohesive policy for detaining and interrogating terrorists.
In June, we had the opportunity to question Adm. William McRaven during their confirmation hearing to be the next head of Special Operations Command. McRaven, who oversaw the raid in which Osama bin Laden was killed, testified that it “would be very helpful” to have a designated location for the long-term detention and interrogation of terrorist detainees.
Given the administration's unwillingness to use Guantanamo for new detainees, we discussed with McRaven where the military would detain a terrorist captured outside of Iraq or Afghanistan. They said such detainees would be transferred to a third country, prosecuted in an American court or released. That is an unacceptable set of choices to give our military.
In the Senate, we have written a number of legislative proposals that aim to establish an effective terrorist detention policy. Our legislation would keep the Guantanamo Bay facility open for the detention, interrogation, and trial of current and future terrorist detainees; prevent Guantanamo detainees from being brought to the United States; and permanently limit the transfer of detainees from Gitmo to foreign countries.
With our nation at war against violent extremists, our military should not be pressured to detain and interrogate dangerous terrorists on an ad hoc basis or even to release them. The Warsame case highlights the urgent need for a legislative solution that sets forth clear guidelines and protects the American people. We believe that is exactly what our legislation would accomplish.
Joseph I. Lieberman is an independent Democrat from Connecticut. Kelly Ayotte is a Republican from New Hampshire. Both serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
As Europe has naively opened its borders and allowed millions of migrants from the Middle East and North Africa to move in without expectation of assimilation to local culture and laws, rape has become an epidemic.
Sweden, which has taken in more Islamic refugees than any other western country in the world, has become the rape capitol of the west. Here are the numbers, compiled by the Gatestone Institute:
In 1975, the Swedish parliament unanimously decided to change the former homogeneous Sweden into a multicultural country. Forty years later the dramatic consequences of this experiment emerge: violent crime has increased by 300%.
If one looks at the number of rapes, however, the increase is even worse. In 1975, 421 rapes were reported to the police; in 2014, it was 6,620. That is an increase of 1,472%.
Sweden is now number two on the global list of rape countries.
Recently journalist and documentary filmmaker Ami Horwitz went to Sweden to investigate the situation. When they started asking questions about filming, they were beaten by immigrants speaking Arabic. Their entire report is worth your time.
As I've written before, leaders in European countries like Sweden, Germany and others are importing rape culture into their societies. Western women and children are paying the price for their decisions of "tolerance." Hundreds-of-thousands of men from Islamic countries where women are treated as sex objects and property are given free reign not only to abuse the system, but do so knowing the government will hide their crimes.
Cover-ups of serious crimes committed by Muslim men have become a standard pattern of behavior from Western public officials, who are supposed to be civilized and hold themselves to a high moral standard. They've not only ignored these repeated crimes, they've become complicit for the sake of promoting a political narrative that refugees don't pose a threat to European culture. These men come from countries where rape is acceptable, Sharia law reigns and women have no rights. This reality is ignored at a very high cost.
The gnomes, along with plastic flowers and other decorations such as teddy bears, have been called "inappropriate" and tacky by the Diocese of Bath and Wells.
The church banned the garden figures from Wrington and Congresbury cemeteries in Somerset, and have said they will remove any that they find as part of new guidelines issued by the Chancellor of the Diocese, Worshipful Timothy Briden.
A spokesperson for the Diocese of Bath and Wells said: "There is no such thing as a real gnome so why should we have such unnatural creatures in churchyards?"
The spokesperson added: "Things such as gnomes and plastic flowers are not permitted because they are aesthetically unattractive and they make it harder to maintain the grounds.
"The historic churchyards are part of Somerset and we want to keep them tidy and safe.
"If people want their loved ones to be buried in one of our churchyards then they have to stick to the rules which are clearly displayed at all churchyards."
The decision to ban the gnomes and statues has been met with criticism from the community however.
Hollie Richards, 24, who has lived in Congresbury all their life and has two grandparents, an uncle and an aunt buried in St Andrew's churchyard in the cemetery, said: "People should be free to put what they want around the gravestones as it is down to personal preference.
"It helps the grieving process as you can surround the grave of the person you love with possessions that were important to them.
Ms Richards added: "I am lucky I live so near as I can take fresh flowers, but what about the people who live far away?
"They will have to leave knowing the flowers will deteriorate and will look unsightly after a few days."
Building the wrapper app
Even for an apparently simple app there were many parts to Lighthouse that mattered but are not obvious, like the embedded wallet. That implied features like backup/restore using the 12 random words scheme, QR code rendering and so on. The bitcoinj library provides a “wallet template” app that you can copy as the basis for your own Lighthouse-like program, but copy/paste is a poor approach to code reuse.
Ethereum is going in the right direction with Mist, a “dapp browser”. But Mist is really meant for developers, not ordinary users. Some operations expect you to copy/paste JSON directly into the UI, for instance. And you have to make your UI in HTML/JS, a platform which has poor productivity and is also difficult to secure.
The long term plan was for Lighthouse to evolve into an app platform like what Mist is aiming to be, so people could write downloadable sandboxed apps that'd be fetched from a kind of blockchain app store, and they wouldn't have to worry about these details. Lighthouse is not built on HTML5 so doesn't suffer the inherent security issues of that technology.
In Corda, a “cordapp” is a collection of smart contracts that verify transactions, protocols to build and do joint transaction signing, API plugins for the server and perhaps eventually also UI plugins. These can all be sandboxed and loaded dynamically. The APIs are a defined part of the platform. In this way, generic services useful for all such apps don't have to included as a library, rather, the app is a library loaded by the node software itself.
Fees
It is typical for blockchain platforms to insist that every transaction has a fee. In Bitcoin, this is true even if it has so much coin age it's obviously not a denial-of-service attempt. It's amazing how much complexity this adds to what would otherwise be simple code.
In Corda there is no native crypto-currency and thus no transaction fees. If one day the network becomes open to the entire world it would be structured like the internet itself, where end users gain access to the core network through providers that take responsibility for abuse handling, rather than the core network charging some arbitrary fee per packet and hoping that's good enough. Contracts have hard-coded opcode/memory quotas set high enough that it should never be a problem unless a contract goes into an infinite loop.
The P2P network
Peer to peer systems involve simultaneously talking to lots of ‘servers' that can die, move around, respond slowly or not at all, and provide incorrect information. This is a very different model to the standard web app design where there's a single trusted server and the client/JS developer just assumes the server is fast, online and trustworthy. It complicates the client tremendously and often involves difficult tradeoffs.
I had the benefit of building on top of bitcoinj, which handles a lot of these complexities for you, but it only got me 90% of the way.
Bitcoin provides a single hammer, the block chain. And it is a mighty hammer. But even if you had Thor's hammer building an entire house with it would be painful.
Often when building apps you want point-to-point transient communication between users, not just global broadcasts that are recorded forever. In Lighthouse this is provided by a coordination server, or if you don't want to use one of those you can move data around using email/slack/any kind of file transfer. It's useful because crowdfunding projects and pledges include things like images, rich text, personal messages and other stuff that doesn't make sense to drop into a financial ledger. But it means having to write separate servers, protocols, discovery logic and client code.
The lack of any infrastructure for solving this problem routinely leads to bizarre hacks, like creating transactions that don't actually change anything on the ledger and are there just to carry encrypted data between two users. It wastes resources for everyone, increases fragility, and complicates the programming model. And the Bitcoin network imposes lots of arbitrary limits to try and stop people abusing the blockchain in this way (but, of course, doesn't provide any convenient alternative).
The need for a store and forward network was something I wrote about back in 2014. But no such network exists. I think Ethereum has the beginnings of one in Whisper, but it's not clear to me how mature it is.
Corda is based on standard messaging queuing protocols (think: email for machines). Nodes are assumed to be semi-stable and have a long term identity, so sending a message to an identity that is offline simply queues it up for later delivery. Because it builds on standard protocols there are high quality, high performance implementations available that manage the details of making this reliable. You can attach arbitrary files to transactions that are then available to contract code, and those attachments are streamed over the network automatically and efficiently.
Additionally, Corda has no reliance on global broadcast. Consensus mechanisms are pluggable as long as they provide finality. Thus, there are never any cases where multiple peers are giving you conflicting information about the state of the world. You never need to download or process an entire block chain. You don't have to handle transactions being reversed. All these things dramatically simplify your code.
Lifecycle management
A kickstarter style crowdfund has a fairly simple lifecycle, but making sure it's tracked and state transitions are correctly enforced is still complex. This is especially true when you recall that peer to peer networks are not always consistent and the block chain does not provide finality, so transactions can be rolled back or invalidated.
Worse, the state the UI is tracking can be updated by other instances of the app at any time, which means you have to elegantly handle race conditions like “I am attempting to pledge money to a project but whilst I was sitting on the pledge screen the project became closed to new pledges” or “another app spent my money out from underneath me whilst I was in the process of trying to create a transaction”. You'd better be good at handling concurrency, otherwise you're gonna crash in obscure situations that you probably didn't test well.
Oh, and don't forget to checkpoint everything to disk at the right times, so you can come back from arbitrary power outages and app crashes.
Most blockchain apps simply ignore this kind of details because such cases are rare, and so it's easy to skip them without anyone noticing. But handling it all takes a lot of fiddly work.
In Corda we are prototyping a framework that automates most of the tedious, error prone work in this area. R3 CTO Richard Brown was surprised when this was one of the first things I started implementing, but given my experience writing Bitcoin apps it was an obvious place to begin. Asset and trade lifecycles can be implemented as straightforward, linear code in ordinary programming languages. You can use loops, branches, and so on. We call these things protocols. Behind the scenes the control flow graph is transformed into an automatically checkpointing state machine. It is reasonable to block for days or weeks waiting for something inside a protocol. Protocols can interact with abstract institutional identities, specific people, and internal behind-the-firewall systems. The network layer figures out which IP addresses currently corresponds to an identity using an advanced network map. This is especially vital because so many of the things Corda will be used for are inherently multi-party.
Testing
Too many people skimp on this. Buggy contracts have been identified by Vitalik as one of the top issues facing Ethereum. Corda has the beginnings of a DSL-like API which makes writing contract unit tests easier. It also has an early version of a tool that performs and visualises network simulations, one thread per node with simulated latency, which can be seen operating in this presentation by Barclays.
The network simulator iterating the lifecycle of an interest rate swap
Learning new developer toolchains
It is conventional for existing blockchain systems to invent their own languages and bytecode sets for expressing smart contracts.
Corda smart contracts are Turing complete, but we think it doesn't make sense to invent a new developer toolchain from scratch. Contracts are not so different from ordinary apps that you need to write a whole new IDE — this is extravagance. I see that Ethereum is thinking about switching to WebAssembly, so maybe they have reached a similar conclusion. Corda adapts an existing industrial strength toolchain that developers are already familiar with, meaning a top quality IDE and debugging experience right from the start. Still … no specific language is mandated, so if someone did invent a compelling custom language, it could be used.
Time management
A frequent Lighthouse feature request (never implemented) was to automatically invalidate all pledges when a project reached a deadline. Bitcoin does have a way to interact with time: a feature called nLockTime, but actually making things happen once the lock time was reached would have required more manual effort again.
Corda has a basic event scheduler API that interacts with its equivalent of the wallet, making it much easier to write apps that do things when certain times are reached.
Misc
Offline support, error handling, forking Bitcoin Core to add a performance feature the upstream developers rejected (that was an extra 2 months of work on Lighthouse right there), a user guide, proper code-signed downloads, creating a threshold signature hardware-protected online update scheme, etcetera etcetera. It all adds up. Those 8 months went by pretty fast.
Conclusion
Whatever block chain platform you're interested in, it's important that we all understand what makes developing these new kinds of apps difficult. Whilst a more powerful scripting language can help a lot, that's by no means the only thing that needs to be improved.
I've outlined a few of the ways the Corda project is tackling developer productivity. These are not all of the design ideas we're exploring, just the ones that are most relevant to this article.
Did you think it sounded interesting? If you're in the London area and would like to take part then check out our jobs site. If you're not in London but have got a ton of blockchain experience and enthusiasm, then get in touch anyway: I'd still like to have a chat with you.
