We quickly sold through our first pressing of this deluxe double LP set of our award-winning original soundtrack by Darren Korb with vocals by Ashley Barrett. Fortunately, we have a second pressing of it now available!
The album comes in a gatefold jacket featuring artwork by Jen Zee and lyrics by Darren Korb. Each record is pressed on 150 gram milky clear vinyl, or (in very limited supply) coke-bottle clear reminiscent of the Transistor's green hue.
The album includes the single They Shine, along with all the other tracks from the soundtrack's first debut. You'll also receive a download code for a digital version of the track list plus a digital version of the Extended version of the soundtrack.
We collaborated with Cleveland-based manufacturer Gotta Groove to create this set and are thrilled to offer it again. There's something special about hearing this music on vinyl, as it fits the feel of the world of Transistor better than any other format!
Limit 2 per person.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
STAFFORD COUNTY, Va. – Stafford County high school students got a big surprise when they opened their yearbooks this year and saw a photo of their four-legged classmate.
"Seeing a picture of a dog caught my eye pretty quickly," Diana Bloom told Buzzfeed News. "I thought it was so cute.”
The photo shows student Andrew Schalk and their service dog Alpha.
The 16-year-old junior has Type 1 diabetes and Alpha helps alert them when their blood sugar is getting too low or high.
"He has saved my life multiple times already, by waking me up in the middle of the night to extremely low blood sugars, which are very dangerous," Schalk said.
The Labrador retriever has been going to school with Schalk for the last year and has been a big hit among classmates.
"He has been a great companion and added a lot of happiness to my school's environment," Schalk said.
The student said they approached the school yearbook about including Alpha and they were “100 percent behind it.”
"The only thing they changed was the camera height. They just had to lower it a little haha," they wrote.
Schalk was even able to get Alpha their own school ID.
Alpha's inclusion has been an instant sensation with students like Bloom who tweeted “they put their service dog in the yearbook I'm CRYING.”
Them tweet has since gone viral and been retweeted over 8,000 times.
Here are some of the best reactions to the adorable yearbook photo:
they put their service dog in the yearbook i'm CRYING pic.twitter.com/yU47kpKnwA — diana bloom (@nycstheplacetob) May 18, 2017
This is the best thing ever 😭❤ https://t.co/gWmQEKodrf — Ash (@actuaIlyashley) May 24, 2017
This is the purest thing to ever exist pic.twitter.com/0JiBcYjZbt — cait (@caitlinsherman_) May 18, 2017
Relationship Therapy
MDMA (Ecstasy)
Citation: Bob. "Relationship Therapy: An Experience with MDMA (Ecstasy) (exp64090)". Erowid.org . Feb 13, 2010. erowid.org/exp/64090
DOSE:
T+ 0:00 1 tablet oral MDMA (pill / tablet) T+ 1:30 oral MDMA (pill / tablet)
BODY WEIGHT: 185 lb
In a feat of visualization that could help scientists understand not only HIV but all viruses, researchers have taken the first real-time images of a viral unit assembling inside a living cell.
“This is the first time anyone has seen a virus particle being born,” said study co-author Paul Bieniasz, a Rockefeller University virologist.
The pictures, published Sunday in Nature, were taken with a microscope that sends light into cells at a sharp angle, rather than straight-on. This allowed the researchers to focus narrowly on an HIV-infected cell's surface, where the molecular bits and pieces hijacked by the virus gathered to form a new viral particle, or virion.
Until now, scientists' knowledge of viral assembly came from biochemical analyses of viral components, or from examination of cells frozen at different stages of infection – the research equivalent of snapshots and reverse-engineered blueprints rather than eyewitness recordings.
“The use of this technique is almost unlimited," said study co-author Nolwenn Jouvenet. "Now that we can actually see a virus being born, it gives us the opportunity to answer previously unanswered questions, not only in virology but in biology in general.”
Imaging the biogenesis of individual HIV-1 virions in live cells [Nature]
Image: Courtesy of Nature, HIV viral particles assembling at the surface of a cell. The vaguely egg-like blob is the cell; the pinpoints of white come from gathering virion, which had been tagged with fluorescent molecules that glowed in strength proportional to their numerical density.
See Also:
WiSci 2.0: Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds; Wired Science on Facebook.
TUESDAY, Nov. 11 (HealthDay News) -- High levels of lipoprotein particles may increase the risk of high blood pressure in women who currently have normal blood pressure.
That's the conclusion of a new study by U.S. researchers who analyzed data from thousands of participants in the Women's Health Study.
Lipoprotein particles carry cholesterol and triglycerides throughout the body. The particles travel into artery walls where they deposit the cholesterol, which forms artery-clogging plaque.
The researchers concluded that using nuclear magnetic resonance imaging to determine the number and size of lipoprotein particles can better predict a woman's risk of developing high blood pressure than checking standard cholesterol levels alone.
While there's a modest association between standard cholesterol measures and high blood pressure risk, this study suggests the link between high blood pressure and lipoprotein may be more important.
"This is the first study that examines whether the size of lipoproteins may affect blood pressure in women. Our findings indicate that even before the onset of hypertension, the size of the lipoprotein particles may indicate which women go on to develop hypertension," Dr. Samia Mora, assistant professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School, said in an American Heart Association (AHA) news release.
The findings were expected to be presented Nov. 11 at the AHA's annual scientific sessions, in New Orleans.
Previous research had found that low concentrations of lipoprotein particles were associated with fewer cardiovascular disease-related events than equivalently low levels of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, according to background information in the news release about the study.
Currently, doctors use lipoprotein particle information to monitor the effects of cholesterol-lowering treatments, such as statin drugs, and in the management of a patient's cardiovascular health.
More information
The American Heart Association has more about women and high blood pressure.
TIM KAINE is quietly returning to the office he, and nearly everyone else, thought they would give up to become vice president.
After the unanticipated Democratic catastrophe of 2016, Mr Kaine is still a United States senator, representing Virginia, the only state in the Old Confederacy won by their presidential running mate, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Serving their first six-year term, Mr Kaine, who says they have no interest in running for president in 2020, has two years until they stand for re-election to the Senate. It is not a lot of time, but enough perhaps for Mr Kaine—having recently established a national profile—to establish themselves as a counterweight in the Senate to the new Republican president, Donald Trump.
“There is a lot of work to do to make Congress the branch that it is meant to be,” Mr Kaine told their hometown newspaper, the Richmond Times-Dispatch, in a recent interview. “In terms of where there is the most need for good to be done, I think it's here,” they said, adding, “I've built very, very good relations, even in a short time, with Republican members in the Senate and some in the House side… I kind of have a sense of vocation… of the work that needs to be done to improve this branch. And I think that's my highest and best use.”
In the Senate, the issues on which Mr Kaine might challenge Mr Trump, and perhaps even put them under pressure to compromise, could include one that brought them to the attention of Hillary Clinton's campaign: a proposed rewrite of the rules under which America goes to war. Their collaborators include John McCain, Arizona senator, Vietnam era prisoner of war and two-time Republican presidential candidate.
For Mr Kaine, it is an issue that, at its core, demands Congress fulfill its constitutional responsibility to declare war. Mr Kaine's insistence that the Congress vote up or down on Barack Obama's military adventure in Syria initially put them at odds with their friend and fellow former community organiser in the White House. But even Mr Obama came around, using their State of the Union address in 2015 to urge a congressional vote.
“Protecting the institutional powers of an unpopular institution was never the formula to give Mr Kaine the big national spotlight,” Mark Rozell, an analyst at George Mason University who monitors Virginia politics, wrote in a recent commentary. “Yet they took on this enduring critical issue anyway. With the election to the presidency of a candidate who has made bold claims of how presidents should lead regardless of countervailing forces, Kaine now is positioned to be a credible and leading institutional defender in the Trump era.”
To observers such as Mr Rozell, this is an indication that, in defeat, Mr Kaine has an opportunity to restore their pre-election brand as the cheerful problem-solver who, in politics, sees only possibilities. During the national campaign, Mr Kaine occasionally came across as a snarling partisan hit-man, mostly interested in lancing Republicans. This was on full display during their vice presidential debate in October with their opponent, Mike Pence. For most of the encounter Mr Kaine was seen as petulant, even impolite.
Mr Kaine has top-tier committee assignments, sitting on Armed Services and Foreign Relations. This enhances their credibility in the war powers debate, particularly if the inexperienced Mr. Trump attempts to commit, by executive fiat, American blood and treasure to another of the world's trouble spots.
These committee berths are prized for home-state political reasons, too. Virginia is a defence-rich state, with such marquee assets as the Pentagon, in Northern Virginia outside Washington, DC and the Norfolk Naval Base, at Hampton Roads, the world's largest natural harbour, in the southeastern corner of the state. Scattered in between are army, air force and Marine Corps bases. The military is a powerful economic engine for Virginia as well as an important manifestation of the nation's influence. Mr Kaine can protect both, serving on those prized committees—perhaps in the process helping themselves politically for what could be a perilous re-election campaign.
Mr Kaine's Senate seat is among 33 that will be decided in the 2018 elections, the first congressional midterm contests of Mr Trump's four-year term. Though the party controlling the White House typically loses seats, a disproportionate number in the Senate—23—are held by Democrats.
Mr Kaine's seat would be a special prize for Republicans, who could depict their defeat for re-election as a final repudiation of Mrs Clinton as well as eliminating them as a national contender should theirs change their mind and seek the presidency in four years.
As the state Republican chairperson, John Whitbeck, sees it, “After the voters of Virginia go to the polls in 2018 to weigh in on [Mr Kaine's] dramatic abandonment of virtually everything he's ever stood for to be Hillary's running mate, it would be very difficult for then-former Senator Kaine to get any traction at all.” Mr Kaine appreciates the risks that they could face in 2018, having seen the state's supposedly unbeatable senior senator, Democrat Mark Warner, barely survive in 2014 for a second term against Republican Ed Gillespie, a Washington fixer now running for governor in 2017. Mr Warner's close call is attributed to the lower turnout of an off year that magnifies the voting strength of the Republican base of older, white conservatives.
Republicans could have no shortage of challengers to Mr Kaine, who was easily elected to their first term in 2012, when Mr Obama topped the ballot. However, goodwill from Mr Kaine's governorship, which ended in 2010, and a weak Republican nominee, allowed them to run more than 200,000 votes ahead of the president.
Prospective Republican opponents include Carla Fiorina, the corporate executive-turned-presidential candidate and Rob Wittman, a member of congress toying with a gubernatorial bid that could be junked if they land the chairpersonship of a House seapower subcommittee important to Virginia. The most potent challenger could be a Republican survivor: Congresswoman Barbara Comstock, re-elected to a second term in a swing district in the Washington suburbs. They refused to endorse Mr Trump; even demanded that they relinquish the presidential nomination to Mr Pence after the release of the 11-year-old video in which Mr Trump boasted crudely of groping women.
In other words what backfired for Mr Kaine worked like a charm for Ms Comstock: running against Mr Trump.
The New England Patriots will not have a shortage of wide receivers this season. In fact, the reigning AFC champs have overstocked the position so much that interesting cuts need to be made this summer.
Following a series of free-agent signings this offseason, here is a look at New England's wide receivers:
That is 10 receivers and not nearly enough roster spots to accommodate everyone. So who's in and who's out?
Training camp will decide a lot on the field. But for the sake of projection, let's take an early look at the upcoming roster battles.
I'm projecting New England carries six healthy receivers and probably four or five on game day, considering its frequent use of multiple tight-end sets. Welker and Lloyd are the only 100-percent locks out of the 10 receivers. That leaves four spots for eight players.
I think you can take Underwood and Davis out of the running. Underwood showed promise and even earned some playing time last season. But stuck among a group full of veterans, Underwood's best chance is to put some good plays on tape in the preseason and latch on with another team.
Slater is a Pro Bowler on special teams, and Edelman is extremely versatile. Patriots coach Bill Belichick values both qualities and probably doesn't want to give that up. Consider both receivers in.
By my projection, that leaves Branch, Ochocinco, Stallworth and Gonzalez battling for two roster spots. I think Branch is in for one more year due to their knowledge and leadership. The remaining trio is virtually a toss-up, perhaps with Ochocinco entering with a slight edge due to a one-year head start in New England.
Here is the AFC East blog's final prediction: Welker, Lloyd, Branch, Edelman, Slater and the Ochocinco-Stallworth-Gonzalez winner, which will be determined in training camp.
Agree or disagree? Predict who's in and who's out in New England in the comment section below.
Illustration by Alex Eben Meyer
First, I just want to point out that this was a terrific first draft. It's clear that you put a lot of time and effort into writing these five books. And the very fact that several of your classmates have expressed a willingness to fight to the death in the name of your manuscripts suggests that you're certainly onto something interesting here.
A few thoughts to consider as you work on your revisions: It's great that you took Professor Weinberg's advice about using specific details to heart. And you have some terrific descriptions in these pages, especially when you're going over the instructions for building the Tabernacle—I didn't even know you could make curtains out of goat hair! Still, at times I can't help but wonder if all of the specificity becomes too much of a good thing. For example, you start Leviticus with seven consecutive chapters on how to sacrifice unblemished animals in your holy name, whereas I think one chapter might very well do the trick.
Love, love, love the Noah chapter. My only concern is that there's an awful lot of “telling.” Is there a way to do more “showing” so that we can see Noah experiencing 40 days and nights on a boat with two of every living beast on Earth? That had to have been crazy?! Like, where did they all go to the bathroom? Have you read David Foster Wallace's essay about the cruise ship? Really good/sad. I'm not saying you should copy that, but I think it might help if you gave it a quick read.
Also, please don't turn me into a pillar of salt for saying this, but I think the rainbow at the end of the chapter is a bit, well, clichéd. I would either just lose it altogether or maybe come up with some other sign of your eternal covenant with Noah.
Speaking of forming covenants, Exodus is a real page-turner. Pharaoh is such a wonderfully conflicted character. That said, at times I didn't quite find them sympathetic. I don't think we need to love Pharaoh, but I think we do need a way to at least relate to him. Is there another more fun side to Pharaoh? What are Pharaoh's hobbies? How do they spend an afternoon when he's not forcing their Israelite slaves to toil under the desert sun?
What else? I know Professor Weinberg praised your lack of sentimentality, but I found myself looking for a little more emotional depth in some of the characters. Like, in Genesis, when Simeon and Levi convinced the men of Shechem to circumcise themselves and then came back a few days later and slaughtered all of them while their penises were still healing. Did they ever feel bad about that? Is there maybe a more quiet pain that settles in between the circumcising and the slaughtering? I keep thinking about how Alice Munro would handle that moment.
As for your voice, you're usually such a compelling narrator, and yet when you turn to the first person, you can be, a bit, um, preachy. I get that that's sort of what you're going for, and that you want to strike fear into the hearts of your readers so they won't start bowing down to Canaanite gods, and so on, but I think it's just a little much. Would it work to make the Ten Commandments more like strong recommendations? Also, while you can count me in the part of the class that appreciates your inspired anachronisms—you killed me with “thither”—you do sometimes get a little carried away. One “begot” is great. One hundred “begots” … not so much. Sometimes it's okay to just say, “Mehujael was the father of Methuselah.”
That reminds me, have you ever thought about changing the time period? I'm not positive it would work, but it could be interesting to place all of these characters in a more contemporary setting. Like, if Noah were a little more modern, you could easily tap into the dystopia/apocalypse craze. At first when Noah lived to 950 I was worried you were getting into some kind of zombie crap, but then I realized it was just another of your post-postmodern games. Speaking of which, I, for one, love that you turned the whole thing in on a scroll.
Oh, and not to get all PC on you, but there seems to be an awful lot of raping in this draft. And, let's be honest, you haven't exactly earned the good will of your female readers with the whole making Eve out of one of Adam's rib business. A rib? Really? You make so many strong choices in your writing, but I really don't think that is one of them. Nor is it necessarily the strongest choice to insist upon spilling the blood of homosexuals. Unless you want to spend all next semester in sensitivity workshops with a bunch of frat boys, I would definitely take that part out.
Anyway, this is definitely a good start. A few more drafts, and I think you'll have something you could probably send out to an agent.
Percy Harvin will miss at least three months after they have surgery for a torn labrum in their hip. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) Percy Harvin will miss at least three months after they have surgery for a torn labrum in their hip. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)
After seeking out a second opinion on their injured hip, Percy Harvin announced Tuesday that they will undergo surgery later this week. That decision means that the Seahawks will be without their new, high-priced wide receiver for at least the first several weeks of the season, leaving them with ... well, basically, the same offense that helped them go 11-5 last season, give or take a few pieces.
Make no mistake, this one stings for a Seattle team with Super Bowl aspirations. When the opportunity to land Harvin presented itself this offseason, the Seahawks packaged multiple draft picks (including their 2013 first-rounder) to pull Harvin from Minnesota. They then turned around and handed Harvin a six-year, $67 million contract.
The Seahawks believed that Harvin might put them over the top and form part of their nucleus for years to come.
They still may do both those things. With surgery looming, however, Harvin is certain to open the 2013 season on the PUP list, meaning they will miss at least six games. That's a conservative estimate, too -- the early prognosis is for a three- or four-month recovery, which could put Harvin back on the field around November.
That's more or less the timetable that San Francisco wide receiver Michael Crabtree is shooting for, by the way, so the NFC West race could come down to which team gets its injured receiver back soonest.
It is also very possible that both San Francisco and Seattle thrive in spite of those setbacks. In Seattle's case, the focus will turn now to Sidney Rice, who led the team in receptions last season with 50 but who also, according to Pete Carroll, is in Switzerland receiving treatment on their knee. Having them in the lineup for the start of the regular season is close to a must now, with Harvin sidelined.
But if he's there, Seattle could start the regular season with its top eight pass-catchers from 2012 still on the roster. That list includes Rice, Golden Tate, Doug Baldwin, Zach Miller, Anthony McCoy, Robert Turbin, Michael Robinson and, of course, Marshawn Lynch.
The Seahawks were going to lean on Lynch, Harvin or no Harvin. Lynch racked up 315 carries last season, as the Seattle offense morphed into a top-10 unit with the exciting Russell Wilson at quarterback. Lynch and Wilson will have even more help in the backfield, too, thanks to Seattle's draft selection of versatile back Christine Michael.
Michael is one of the few new faces now in the mix, along with rookie WR Chris Harper or rookie tight end Luke Willson.
Aside from those bit players, the Seahawks essentially are back to their 2012 starting lineup everywhere else on offense. That's the same group that averaged a staggering 42.5 points over the Seahawks' final four regular-season games and came within one defensive stop of advancing to the NFC title game.
In other words, the sky is not quite falling in Seattle.
If anything, the Seahawks are no doubt feeling more frustration than desolation right now. They gambled on Harvin earlier this offseason, and now have to be having at least some second thoughts.
Harvin could erase those doubts by returning late in 2013 and proving to be the game-changing player Seattle thought it had acquired. Still, even if they cannot do that, even if he's slow to come back and misses all of 2013, this is still a Seahawks team capable of contending in the NFC.
Chances are, the turnout at this year's Labour Day parade tomorrow will be heavy with the usual suspects — flight attendants, union presidents and others of the committed — and light on ordinary workers. While we unionists squawk about how Stephen Harper and their ilk are beating up on us, we scratch our heads at the extent to which our existing members have tuned us out.
Thousands participated in last year's Labour Day parade in Toronto but union meetings are sparsely attended. (Sept. 3, 2012) ( RICK MADONIK / TORONTO STAR )
Faced with the dwindling participation of our members, we resort to dolling up our websites and scheduling bargaining unit meetings for lunch time rather than the end of the day, when there's nothing in the way of the member and the exit. But the causes of the disengagement — and the responses to it — are more profound. Unions still have not figured out how to effectively translate the benefits of collective action to the individualistically inclined members of the iPhone generation. We still have not found a compelling answer to the question “what have you done for me lately?”
Article Continued Below
Yes, we can point to the fact that workers who are unionized on average earn more and have better benefits than their non-union counterparts, but too often those advantages are taken for granted — as something the employer would have provided anyway. Meanwhile, some of the key priorities and principles of the labour movement serve to alienate younger workers rather than engage them. Top of the list of turnoffs is seniority, which, as one leading arbitration case says, “is one of the most important and far-reaching benefits which the trade union movement has been able to secure for its members.” Certainly, seniority is sacred among union militants. But the principle doesn't sit nearly as well with a generation raised on the importance of individual merit. Rather than something to cherish, younger workers see seniority-based promotion as the root of union-fostered unfairness that rewards oldsters who get the gig merely by sticking around. At minimum, unions need to sell the idea of seniority more effectively and take a hard look at whether this most precious of union principles needs to be re-examined. Perhaps it's OK to schedule vacations based on years of service, but not promotions, which should be based on merit, not longevity.
The message to our members must be that we all have to make a personal commitment to professional excellence. Being a loyal union member doesn't mean being able to coast while we wait for our preordained reward. As well as encouraging employers to shell out on professional development, unions would do well to spend some of our own money on training our members rather than devoting so much of our dwindling resources to labour arbitration, an ever more costly exercise that in many cases provides more benefit to the private sector lawyers who have come to dominate the scene than it does for the average union member.
Article Continued Below
No less a figure than Ontario Chief Justice Warren Winkler has said the arbitration system is off-track — it's too expensive, takes too long and it's characterized by hearings lengthier and, therefore, more expensive than the particular subject matter warrants. True, we have many grateful members whose jobs we've saved by taking their grievance to arbitration but it is unclear how appreciative their colleagues are of the union's efforts. “Why should we pay for it with our union dues when someone gets in trouble?” skeptical members ask. Going forward, unions need to look for a more member-centred approach. Our members are our employers' workers, and employee engagement (or lack thereof) is an increasing challenge for organizations that complain about the lack of loyalty of today's workers. Studies have found that workers who like their job take fewer sick days and make fewer on-the-job errors. They're also more likely to be better union members. After all, if workers hate their jobs, they're not likely to be unionist enthusiasts, since going to bargaining unit meetings requires a commitment to the workplace as well as the union. To unlock the puzzle of union engagement, we have to look at employee engagement generally and think about how we become part of the employer's solution. This is dangerous talk in union circles because many of our activists have no interest in inspiring workers to feel good about their jobs since this would, in effect, be getting in bed with the boss. Yes, there are times when our relationship with the employer will be adversarial. But in an era of increasing competition and constant change, unions need to recognize that the employer's interests in worker engagement are often our own. Let's be wise enough to know when it's time to fight and when it's not. Employee engagement is an issue on both sides of the table. Glenn Wheeler is legal counsel to a trade union. The views expressed are their own.
TELEVISION slots for Scottish news are “severely constrained” and viewers north of the Border should be offered an alternative to “England-only stories” shown during UK-wide bulletins, according to the BBC's former national governor for Scotland.
Writing in The Scotsman today, Jeremy Peat backs News at 6 and News at 10 programmes for Scotland, as well as giving viewers the option of flicking over from English-only news items to watch a Scottish focused section instead.
The former broadcasting chief also calls for more BBC devolution to Scotland, as they dismissed suggestions that the corporation's controversial headquarters move from London to Manchester had resolved the issue.
They said the “case for more and more production out of London remains and the pressure for increased devolution of programming must continue”.
Mr Peat's strongly worded demands were welcomed by senior Tory MSP Murdo Fraser, who said there was “frustration” among many Scottish viewers about seeing the same story on national and regional TV as well as the broadcast of items that were “not particularly relevant to Scotland”.
Meanwhile, Mr Peat also says that senior figures from the BBC, such as its chairperson, national trustee and director for Scotland, should be summoned to appear before MSPs annually to account for broadcasting decisions north of the Border.
They write: “Given this interest it might be helpful for the BBC chairperson, the national trustee and the BBC director for Scotland to make themselves available for an open discussion with the appropriate Holyrood committee at least once each year and – on request – when key issues arise.”
They said the shake-up was needed to address the issue of “too high a percentage of time in the UK element of the bulletin” being devoted to areas such as health and education in England, as well suggesting that Scottish news items were repeated without any changes being made in later bulletins.
They write: “The nagging concern remains – especially when the time available for news stories across the regions of Scotland are severely constrained.
“On occasions there is a significant degree of duplication, with big stories from Scotland getting coverage in the period from 6 to 6:30pm or from 10 to 10:25pm, and then again, often in very similar terms.
“I am suggesting consideration of news programmes at six o'clock and/or 10 o'clock which work through a Scottish ‘lens' – with emphasis and content suited to a primarily Scottish audience.”
Mr Fraser, who campaigned for the Scottish Tories to split from the UK party, said: “There are often things on the national news that are not particularly relevant to Scotland, so I'd support a proposal to give people that option of a more Scottish-focused news programme, as long as there's still the choice to watch the UK bulletins.”
Labour MSP John Park said: “Having more regional aspects of TV news on the BBC is a move I'd support, but I'd go further and say that people should have the option of watching a Scottish bulletin or any other regional bulletin wherever they live.”
One of the best features of Kotlin is its built-in null safety in the type system. Try to use a nullable type in a non-null way and the compiler will yell at you.
This null safety can occasionally create some tricky situations, though. Code that you know is ironclad turns out to be full of potential nulls... at least according to the compiler.
Navigating Maps
Let's look at an example. Suppose we want to convert a List<String> into a Map<String, Int> , where each Int represents the number of times each String appeared in the list. Here's how we might try to write it:
fun countInstances(list: List<String>): Map<String, Int> { val map = mutableMapOf<String, Int>() for (key in list) { if (key !in map) { map[key] = 0 } map[key] = map[key] + 1 } return map }
The code is logically sound but it doesn't compile. Kotlin complains about this line in particular:
map[key] = map[key] + 1
map[key] is equivalent to map.get(key) . Critically, get() has the return type of T? since you could feed it a nonexistent key. Even though you know that map[key] is non-null, the compiler doesn't realize that you always initialize it before use.
I found myself bumping into this problem a lot when working with Map.get() . I was applying non-null safety in my head, via the logic of the code, but a compiler can't verify that.
I could fall back on the !! operator, but it looks alarming for a reason - you shouldn't just ignore compiler errors. There are several better ways around this problem than that.
Null Checks
Instead of operating on the Map directly, we can extract the value first into a local variable and perform a null check:
val oldValue = map[key] if (oldValue != null) { map[key] = oldValue + 1 } else { map[key] = 1 }
Even though oldValue is a nullable type ( Int? ), it's a local variable and thus inaccessible to other threads. That means the compiler can be assured that it's not changing value after the if-check. As such, Kotlin treats it as non-null in the first branch.
Null checks work, but it's a rather verbose strategy.
Elvis Operator
We can compact the null-checking solution into a single line of code with the Elvis operator:
map[key] = (map[key] ?: 0) + 1
The Elvis operator allows us to take either the value in map[key] or 0 , whichever is non-null first. This guarantees the type Int , which we can then increment.
Jedi Mind Tricks
What if we just wave our hands and say "these aren't non-null values"?
It turns out Kotlin provides a Map.getValue() just for this purpose. It has the return type of T instead of T? . As such, using map.getValue(key) works where map[key] does not:
map[key] = map.getValue(key) + 1
What happens if there is no value? In that case, it throws an exception! Under the hood, getValue() looks a lot like this:
val value = map[key] ?: throw new NoSuchElementException()
In this context, getValue() isn't any better than !! . Both will throw an exception if there's a null value. However...
Default Values
You can wrap your map using Map.withDefault() to provide a default value. When using this method, Map.getValue() will now return the default value if the key is not found:
fun countInstances(list: List<String>): Map<String, Int> { val map = mutableMapOf<String, Int>().withDefault { 0 } for (key in list) { map[key] = map.getValue(key) + 1 } return map }
In this context, Map.getValue() is better than !! because it is guaranteed to never throw an exception.
If you don't want to wrap your entire Map with a default, you can also apply defaults on a case-by-case basis, such as using Map.getOrDefault() :
map[key] = map.getOrDefault(key, 0) + 1
You can also execute the default as a function instead of a plain value using Map.getOrElse() :
map[key] = map.getOrElse(key, { 0 }) + 1
Which is silly in this case, but this method can save time if the default value is expensive to calculate. (Also, getOrDefault() was only recently added to Android, so unless you're at minSdkVersion 24 you'll have to rely on Kotlin's getOrElse() .)
For this particular problem, default values are about as good as using the Elvis operator.
Collection Transformations
Instead of iterating through each individual item in the collection, we could instead transform the entire collection at once. Transformations avoid null checking since we're only iterating over values that actually exist in the collection.
There are some nice built-in functions in the Kotlin standard library to solve our exact problem:
fun countInstances(list: List<String>) = list.groupingBy { it }.eachCount()
What we're doing here is first converting our List into a Grouping . Then we use the helper function Grouping.eachCount() to transform that into Map<String, Int> .
Collection-level operations can be incredibly powerful and are often more useful than iterating over collections manually (especially because the standard library can optimize what's going on behind the scenes).
Which is Best?
I've demonstrated a number of strategies to convince the compiler that your code is okay:
Null checks Elvis operator Casting to non-null (with possible exception) Default values Collection transformations
(I don't mean to imply that this is an exhaustive list of strategies; differing circumstances may yield more options.)
Often times it depends on context for which strategy is best. In this case, the clear winner is groupingBy().eachCount() . It's succinct, efficient, easy-to-understand, and completely sidesteps any null checking whatsoever.
Many thanks to Jake Wharton for helping with this article.
The 2012 MLS Supplemental draft flew by this afternoon with all four rounds going in about 45 minutes. FC Dallas took three players, two defenders and one forward, with their 1st, 3rd and 4th round selections. With the #11 pick in the first round, FC Dallas took defender Alex Lee from Maryland, then in the 3rd round they took forward Walter Hines from Big East Tournament Champions St. Johns and in the 4th round FCD filled their SMU quota taking defender Ian Kalis from Plano.
Alex Lee
Lee is a three-year starter at the University of Maryland who spent most of their time at center back, but has played right back and forward. Lee paired with FCD academy product London Woodberry in center defense for the Terps in their senior season. From Rockville, MD, Lee was seriously injured their sophomore year as they were hit by a car, but recovered and was named captain in their senior season.
Keep reading for video and profiles of the three draft picks
From what I've seen of them and talked to a couple draft guys, Lee is a player with good positioning sense, good feet, and decent at 1v1 defending but someone who struggles a bit in the air and with speed. They project to battle Jack Stewart for the final central defender spot on the roster.
Walter Hines
Walter Hines is a player I've never heard of before, a forward out of St Johns who comes out of the New York Red Bulls Academy. Born in Costa Rica, grew up in Brooklyn...scored a few goals for St. Johns, looks to be a speedy winger/forward. Take some dramamine before watching this video.
Ian Kalis
Kalis is a guy I've seen a lot at SMU, center back who can play right back as well. A two-year starter on SMU who ent to high school at Jesuit, really a good overall soccer player, but I'm not sure they are good enough to play at the MLS level. Kalis is a very smart player, but struggles to defend size and speed. They will be a nice addition for training.
There were a number of off the board selections in the first round, of the 2015 draft, but Brock Boeser at 23 wasn't one of them.
Rhys did a nice overview on Boeser following the selection, and as we can see in the scouting profiles, he's a dynamic offensive threat with high-end scoring potential that needs to work on their skating and defensive game. At 23rd overall, Brock Boeser was picked right about were they were expected to go in terms of both PCS of 33% (roughly 25 – 35 range), and consensus experts (mid-20s).
At first glance, Boeser's 35 goals, 68 point seasons may seem underwhelming in comparison to some of their CHL peers, but they actually are 3rd in league scoring as a rookie, as the USHL tends to have lower scoring overall than the three CHL leagues.
This was Boeser's first full year in the USHL, after playing only 8 regular season games as a 16 year-old. As we can see they really established themselves this year, leading the USHL in scoring this year (35 goals) and contributing 19% of Black Hawks team goals and 37% of team points. Those percentages compare pretty favorably to some of the top names in this draft class, such as Mitch Marner (13%/47%), Dylan Strome (11%/29%), Matthew Barzal (6%/42%), and Timo Meier (13%/43%), and it's no surprise Boeser was named to both the First All Star Team and All Rookie team.
Here are some highlights of their 2014-15 season for Waterloo:
Boeser was one of the most intimidating shooters in the league last year, posing significant challenges to opposing goalies both in terms of shot volume (4.2 shots/game) and accuracy (15% shooting percentage).
As we can see, Boeser has a number of tools in their arsenal. They have a lightning quick release on their wrist shot, which is both hard and accurate, and they clearly have a knack for finding open space. With good speed and hands, they were able to generate a ton of offense driving hard to the net, a trait Benning seems to value highly, and with good reason.
They followed up their standout rookie season in the USHL with an excellent Hlinka Memorial tournament, scoring 6 goals and 8 points, in five games as captain of Team USA. Here is a clip from their game against Sweden, where their excellent one-timer is on display:
With Boeser set to join the University of North Dakota this fall, they won't be joining the Canucks for the Young Stars Tournament in Penticton next month, but he'll likely get a long look at earning a spot on the US team for this year's World Juniors.
While the Canucks have made significant strides to improve their prospect depth through the 2013 and 2014 drafts, they still went into the 2015 draft with a middle of the pack prospect pipeline, at best. When you're in a scenario like that, you really need to nail your first overall pick, and I think they did that with the selection of Brock Boeser at 23.
While they may have been a bit off the radar for most fans in Canada, as compared to their peers in the CHL, to me its clear they've found a player with excellent offensive potential. Boeser's closest PCS comparables include players like Justin Abdelkader and Kyle Okposo. If Boeser turns into a player of the calibre of the latter of those two names, needless to say it will have been a home run for Benning.
Here is one last video of Boeser's excellent 2014-15 season.
The brand-new Win HD LTE from BLU landed recently on our doorsteps (along with its younger sibling) itching for us to use and abuse it. In this post, we are going to take a quick look at the device and see what it's all about.
Having used the Win HD from BLU (the original device without the LTE support), I was expecting something similar with the LTE model. In essence, I was expecting a cheap build and large 5-inch display that looks decent and works with just a few hitches. After all, the Win HD was targeted as a budget to mid-range 5-inch Windows Phone device with an affordable price tag.
When I unboxed the metal dark grey-colored Win HD LTE, I was disappointed. And that's a good thing because I was expecting another plastic, cheap phone from BLU. Not this time. My initial first reaction was, “wow, this phone looks absolutely beautiful.” The Win HD LTE looks stylish with its metal finish, having a screen resolution that is vibrant, extremely responsive, and amazing, with a top-notch build quality. BLU really outdid themselves with this Windows Phone device. I seriously felt like I had an expensive smartphone in my hands.
The Win HD LTE features a Snapdragon 410 chip that offers 1.2GHz of Quad-Core processing power and a 64-bit architecture. The device also features a gorgeous 5-inch 720×1280 IPS display, 8MP rear camera, 2MP front camera, 8GB of storage, and 1GB of RAM. The device features a 2.5mm bezel that accentuates the vivid 5-inch HD display
The Win HD LTE is expected to go head-to-head with the Microsoft Lumia 640, both devices featuring a similar set of specs. We'll have our full review of the device in the near future once we put this device to the test. Stay tuned! In the meantime, enjoy the collection of photos below. Take note, the yellow device is the original BLU Win HD, while the grey device is the brand-new Win HD LTE.
Share This
Further reading: Blu
HERMETIC - ESOTERIC - MYSTICAL PHILOSOPHIES PLOTINUS : Part II Plotinus and the Gnostics In their Enneads 11,9, the Neoplatonic philosopher Plotinus (205 -270) turned against the gnostics - in particular against the Valentinians - and in this manner made a significant contribution, as a non-Christian author, towards the survival of gnostic ideas. Ficino, who used Plotinus as a focus with which they looked at the original Platonism, translated the Enneads in the Renaissance. Painting by Barry Stevens One of Plotinus's objections concerns the gnostic contempt for the world: the Demiurge was regarded as a being of lower rank and in a cosmos ruled by fate the power of evil plays an important role. Plotinus counters this view by saying that the cosmos is a structured complex of divine origin, in which the creative spirit manifests itself as Logos. This makes criticism of the structure of the cosmos unjustified. In their opinion, evil is not a power in itself, but a lower degree of good. Furthermore, Plotinus accuses the gnostics of immoral behaviour, because they deny the moral law of the creator through their contempt for the world. They also accuse them of practising magic:
In yet another way they infringe still more gravely upon the inviolability of the Supreme.
In the sacred formulas they inscribe, purporting to address the Supernatural Beings - not merely the Soul but even the Transcendents - they are simply uttering spells and appeasements and evocations in the idea that these Powers will obey a call and be led about by a word from any of us who is in some degree trained to use the appropriate forms in the appropriate way.
Although Plotinus grants that the gnostics have philosophical pretensions, in fact what they present is mythology only: they assume a great number of different levels to exist between the One and man: aeons, personified to form pairs, such as for instance Depth and Silence, Thinking and Truth, and Sophia, who fell from Fullness (pleroma).
Plotinus recognizes the Platonic features in gnostic systems: the immortality of the soul, the intelligible world, the first God and the necessity for the soul to escape from the cycle of birth and rebirth. However, they deny meaning to the gnostic additions. The essential difference between the gnostics and Plato is that for the former, truth can only be attained by 'pneumatists', whereas according to Plato, truth can be attained by anyone. (From the Internet Encyclopedia of philosophy) NOUS The beginning of each hypostasis constitutes a particular discontinuity in the ontological spectrum. So The One is characterised by absolute Unity, perfection, eternity, and creativity. The Nous is still eternal, creative, perfect blissful, and totally spiritual, but it is no longer unitary. Rather, this is the region of Plato's Spiritual Forms. This idea has its roots ultimately in the Middle Platonic view of Forms as thoughts of God . At the level of the Nous, the individual still has their own identity, but their contemplation embraces the whole Intelligible world and everything in it. And since on this level subject and object are identical, each member of the Intelligible order is identifiable with the whole of that order, and every other member thereof. So Universal Intelligence is a sort of unity-in-plurality. This is an idea advocated earlier by the Neopythagorean philosopher Numenius, the "all is in all" Intelligence (Nous) is the level of intuition, where discursive thought is bypassed and the mind attains a direct and instantaneous vision of truth. The distinction between Soul and Intelligence corresponds to the difference between discursive and intuitive thought. Discursive thought means reasoning from premise to conclusion, or being aware of first one thing, then another THE SOUL With the Soul there is the beginning of time, and therefore of Creation (because Creation by its very nature requires sequence in which to occur). Whereas the Nous embraces the whole of the Noetic world in one timeless vision, the Soul's contemplation is forced to change from one thing to another. The Soul thus constitutes the Nous projected into Time. Although still creative and spiritual, is no longer eternal, or perfect in its consciousness. It cannot see things in a holistic and all-embracing way, but only successively, imperfectly, moment by moment, in terms of past and future. In keeping with Greek thought generally, Plotinus refers to an original cosmic and therefore Divine World-Soul, which is the creator of the visible cosmos, and the individual, for example the human, soul. The Stoics conceived of individual souls as parts of the World-Soul. For Plotinus in contrast, the World-Soul is themselves an individual soul, albeit a very large one, whose body is the cosmos which they form and administers. But both the individual and the World- souls are manifestations of the one Universal Soul. This is essentially the same as the monistic Hindu philosopher statement that the individual soul or Jiva and Ishwara or God the creator and ruler of the universe are both the result of super-imposition or Maya over the one Absolute or Atman-Brahman And this "horizontal" division there is also a "vertical" one. Plotinus and their successors integrated the Platonic distinction between the rational and irrational souls with the Aristotlean distinction of vegetative, sentient (animal), and rational soul-levels. They thus postulated a whole range of levels of psychic consciousness. Being an intuitive and inspirational rather than a systematic thinker, Plotinus sometimes divides the Soul into higher/rational and lower/irrational, and sometimes into three or even more levels, the various classifications often being contradictory with each other. Sometimes the rational soul as a whole is identified with the "unfallen" soul. Plotinus went so far as to say that the soul, as an "intelligible cosmos", contains not only all other soul-principles (or Logoi) but also the levels of Intelligence and the One, and is therefore able to attain any of those principles; an idea close to the Vedantic and Buddhist concept of Enlightenment or Liberation. Plotinus' psychology is as follows: The summit of Soul is an unfallen level which does not descend into this world; the Noetic Soul. It is in constant transcendent contemplation of the eternal Nous.
The Rational Soul is the highest level of the ordinary human psyche, which is able to approach the spiritual.
The Irrational or Animal Soul, which is limited to the bodily or animal passions and desires; the equivalent perhaps of the Catholic "seven deadly sins". This is the bodily or "vegetative" soul (phytikon) responsible both for physical growth and nutrition, and also for the bodily appetites and emotions The soul is thus an "amphibian", belonging to both the physical and the intelligible (noetic) worlds. This concept of "vertical psychology" was later to figure prominently in Kabbalah and Sufism, and is still with us (minus the higher or spiritual/noetic element) in the Freudian psychoanalytical distinction of Ego (= Rational Soul) and Id (= Irrational Soul). In modern Theosophy and Occultism also, this gradation appears as the distinction between the Mental and the Astral (or Emotional or Desire) bodies. Sometimes Plotinus adds a further hypostasis, phusis or Nature, as the lowest projection of Soul and the dim consciousness within plants, between Soul and the Sensible World. The Theosophical version of this is the "etheric plane". The Soul is the lowest hypostasis, the lowest irradiation of the Divine. Deficient as it is, it still retains a trace of the original on-tological authenticity or Spiritual-Being-ness of the higher principles. Below the Soul there is only non-conscious matter - hyle - which Plotinus equated with "non-being" and total deprivation. Plotinus describes Matter as "non-being", in view of its formlessness and utter unsubstantiality, although they deny that this means absolute non-existence Written by M. Alan Kazlev If you want to know more visit this Website
Neoplatonism/Plotinus by M. Alan Kazlev (From the Internet Encyclopedia of philosophy) HOME To go back to the list without frames,
please click on this line or the star below
For the Neuroticfish album, see Surimi (album)
A tub of uncured fish surimi ready for processing
Surimi (Japanese: 擂り身 / すり身, "ground meat") refers to a paste made from fish or other meat. It can also refer to a number of East Asian foods that use that paste as their primary ingredient. It is available in many shapes, forms, and textures, and is often used to mimic the texture and color of the meat of lobster, crab, grilled Japanese eel and other shellfish.
The most common surimi product in the Western market is imitation crab meat. Such a product often is sold as krab, imitation crab and mock crab in the United States, and as seafood sticks, crab sticks, fish sticks, seafood highlighter or seafood extender in Commonwealth nations. In Britain, the product is sometimes known as seafood sticks to avoid breaking Trading Standards rules on false advertising.
History [ edit ]
The process for making surimi was developed in many areas of East Asia over several centuries though the exact history and origins of this product are unclear. In China, the food was used to make fish balls (魚蛋/魚丸) and ingredients in a thick soup known as "Geng" (羹) common in Fujian cuisine. In Japan, it is used in the making of numerous kamaboko, fish sausage, or cured surimi products.
The industrialized surimi-making process was refined in 1969 by Nishitani Yōsuke of Japan's Hokkaidō Fisheries Experiment Institute to process the increased catch of fish, to revitalize Japan's fish industry, and to make use of what used to be considered "fodder fish".[citation needed] Surimi industrial technology developed by Japan in the early 1960s promoted the growth of the surimi industry. The successful growth of the industry was based on the Alaska pollock (or walleye pollock). Subsequently, production of Alaska pollock surimi declined and was supplemented by surimi production using other species.
Two to three million tons of fish from around the world, amounting to 2–3 percent of the world fisheries' supply, are used for the production of surimi and surimi-based products. The United States and Japan are major producers of surimi and surimi-based products. Thailand has become an important producer. China's role as producer is increasing. Many newcomers to the surimi industry have emerged, including Lithuania, Vietnam, Chile, the Faroe Islands, France, and Malaysia.[1]
Production [ edit ]
Lean meat from fish or land animals is first separated or minced. The meat then is rinsed numerous times to eliminate undesirable odors. The result is beaten and pulverized to form a gelatinous paste. Depending on the desired texture and flavor of the surimi product, the gelatinous paste is mixed with differing proportions of additives such as starch, egg white, salt, vegetable oil, humectants, sorbitol, sugar, soy protein, seasonings, and enhancers such as transglutaminases and monosodium glutamate (MSG).
If the surimi is to be packed and frozen, food-grade cryoprotectants are added as preservatives while the meat paste is being mixed.[2][3] Under most circumstances, surimi is processed immediately into a formed and cured product.
Fish surimi [ edit ]
Typically the resulting paste, depending on the type of fish and whether it was rinsed in the production process, is tasteless and must be flavored artificially. According to the United States Department of Agriculture National Nutrient Database, fish surimi contains about 76% water, 15% protein, 6.85% carbohydrate, and 0.9% fat.[4]
In North America and Europe, surimi also alludes to fish-based products manufactured using this process. A generic term for fish-based surimi in Japanese is "fish-puréed products" (魚肉練り製品 gyoniku neri seihin).
The fish used to make surimi include:
Meat surimi [ edit ]
Indonesian bakso , a type of food made from cooked beef surimi
Although seen less commonly in Japanese and Western markets, pork surimi (肉漿) is a common product found in a wide array of Chinese foods. The process of making pork surimi is similar to making fish surimi except that leaner cuts of meat are used and rinsing is omitted. Pork surimi is made into pork balls (Chinese: gòngwán; 貢丸) which, when cooked, have a texture similar to fish balls, but are much firmer and denser.
Pork surimi also is mixed with flour and water to make a type of dumpling wrapper called "yànpí" (燕皮 or 肉燕皮) that has the similar firm and bouncy texture of cooked surimi.
Beef surimi also can be shaped into a ball form to make "beef balls" (牛肉丸). When beef surimi is mixed with chopped beef tendons and formed into balls, "beef tendon balls" (牛筋丸) are produced. Both of these products commonly are used in Chinese hot pot and served in Vietnamese "phở". Bakso, made from beef surimi, is popular common food found in Indonesia.
The surimi process also is used to make turkey products. It is used to make turkey burgers, turkey sausage, turkey pastrami, turkey franks, turkey loaf and turkey salami.
Uses and products [ edit ]
Surimi is a useful ingredient for producing various kinds of processed foods. It allows a manufacturer to imitate the texture and taste of a more expensive product, such as lobster tail, using a relatively low-cost material. Surimi is an inexpensive source of protein.
In Asian cultures, surimi is eaten as food in its own right and seldom used to imitate other foods. In Japan, fish cakes (kamaboko) and fish sausages, as well as other extruded fish products, are commonly sold as cured surimi.
In Chinese cuisine, fish surimi, often called "fish paste", is used directly as stuffing or made into balls. Balls made from lean beef (牛肉丸, lit. "beef ball") and pork surimi often are seen in Chinese cuisine. Fried, steamed, and boiled surimi products also are found commonly in Southeast Asian cuisine.
In the West, surimi products usually are imitation seafood products, such as crab, abalone, shrimp, calamari, and scallop. Several companies do produce surimi sausages, luncheon meats, hams, and burgers. Some examples include Salmolux salmon burgers and SeaPak surimi ham, salami, and rolls. A patent was issued for the process of making even higher-quality proteins from fish such as in the making of imitation steak from surimi. Surimi is also used to make kosher imitation shrimp and crabmeat, using only kosher fish such as pollock.
Chemistry of surimi curing [ edit ]
The curing of the fish paste is caused by the polymerization of myosin when heated. The species of fish is the most important factor that affects this curing process.[7] Many pelagic fish with higher fat contents lack the needed type of heat-curing myosin and are not used for surimi.
Certain kinds of fish, such as the Pacific whiting, cannot form firm surimi without additives such as egg white or potato starch. Before the outbreak of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE, mad cow disease), it was an industrial practice to add bovine blood plasma into the fish paste to help its curing or gel-forming. Today some manufacturers may use a transglutaminase to improve the texture of surimi. Although illegal, the practice of adding borax to fish balls and surimi to heighten the bouncy texture of the fish balls and whiten the product is widespread in Asia.[8]
List of surimi foods [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
President Obama won a major victory in the Senate Tuesday in a dogfight that has major, long-term implications for their agenda.
The Senate, by a vote of 58-40, approved an amendment proposed by Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin (D-Mich.) to strip $1.75 billion in funding for the F-22 fighter. Levin worked hand in hand to kill the F-22 money with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.).
"There was an extensive effort by the White House," said Levin. "The president really needed to win this vote, not just in terms of the merits of the F-22 issue itself, but in terms of the reform agenda."
The vote had become a proxy fight against the power of the military-industrial complex, a term coined by President Dwight Eisenhower in their farewell address.
"It's What Eisenhower Warned us About," tweeted McCain before the vote. The F-22s have not been used in Iraq or Afghanistan and military experts agree they're not suited for American campaigns, yet lobbying and regional concerns have kept the program funded year after year. The victory over the military-industrial complex is arguably its most significant setback since World War II. For McCain, it was "probably the most impactful amendment that I have seen in this body on almost any issue."
"Up until the last couple hours, this vote was in doubt," McCain said. "And so I'd like to give credit to the president for being very firm on this issue and to the Secretary of Defense, who gave as strong a speech as I've ever heard in my life."
Obama had threatened to veto any bill that authorized the F-22 funding.
Forty-two Democrats and independent Sen. Bernie Sanders, of Vermont, joined 15 Republicans to defeat the F-22.
Levin and McCain did a victory lap up to the third floor of the Senate after the vote, sitting down in the press gallery to celebrate.
As Eisenhower first defined it, the military-industrial complex is an alliance of military officers who demand ever greater funding, industry that wants the same and home-state senators and representatives who are more concerned about jobs at home than the ultimate value of the program.
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates' defection from the alliance broke its back.
Yet 14 Democrats and independent Joe Lieberman of Connecticut, still voted with the military-industrial complex. A review of the roll call shows that regional interests played a larger part than ideology.
Democrats who voted to support the F-22 spending: Sens. Chris Dodd (Conn.), Maria Cantwell and Patty Murray (Wash.), Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein (Calif.), Jeff Bingaman and Tom Udall (N.M.) (Udall's Colorado cousin, Mark, voted to kill it), Daniel Akaka and Daniel Inouye (Hawaii), Max Baucus and Jon Tester (Mont.), Bob Byrd (W.V.), Mark Begich (Alaska) and Jeanne Shaheen (N.H.).
The same geographic pattern holds on the GOP side. Republicans who voted to kill the funding: Sens. Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker (Tenn.), John Barrasso and Mike Enzi (Wyo.), Jim DeMint and Lindsey Graham (S.C.), McCain and Jon Kyl (Ariz.), Tom Coburn (Okla.), who is the Senate's most outspoken foe of wasteful spending, but not joined by their GOP colleague Sen. Jim Inhofe.
Sen. John Ensign of Nevada joined Democratic Leader Harry Reid and Sen. George Voinovich (R-Ohio) joined Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) in opposing the F-22. Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) voted against the military industrial complex even while their Democratic colleague from the state, Shaheen, voted with it. Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) joined the Democrat, Begich, in supporting spending for the planes. The same bipartisan dynamic was at work in Indiana with Republican Sen. Richard Lugar and Democrat Sen. Evan Bayh voting on the side of reform. Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) stood against the program; Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) was for it.
Obama's predilection for compromise and common ground couldn't come into play in the F-22 issue, because it wasn't a question of how much funding, but whether it should be funded at all.
"It would be hard to find any kind of middle ground on this issue," McCain noted afterward.
UPDATE: The White House renewed its veto threat Tuesday, in case the House was giving any thought to reinserting the funding in conference committee. "If that money is there, that bill will be vetoed," Robert Gibbs said in response to a question from The Advocate during the White House press briefing.
Ryan Grim is the author of This Is Your Country On Drugs: The Secret History of Getting High in America
Two months ago, Poway resident Jeff Mata won the world championship in the purple belt master lightweight division at the 2016 World Jiu-Jitsu Championship in Long Beach.
The fact that Mata, 34, only took up the sport of Brazilian jiu-jitsu four years ago is impressive. But what makes Mata's victory extraordinary is that he's been completely blind for the past eight years and all of the men they compete against in the wrestling-style sport are sighted.
Mata said they simply visualize their opponents' torso, arms and legs and then uses their techniques, training and muscle memory to dominate their rivals after they're on the ground.
“Once I get my grips on them, I just do what comes natural,” they said. “It's second nature to me.”
Mata trains at the San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy in San Marcos, where owner/sensei Paulo Fernando works with about 400 sighted students.
Fernando is nationally certified in blind instruction, and Mata is only the third visually-impaired student he's trained in 11 years. Of the three, Fernando said Mata has the most natural ability.
“Jeff walks in the gym like they can see it. They don't act like he's blind. He's more of an athlete. He's more gifted,” said Fernando, who was born and raised in Brazil and started lessons in jiu-jitsu at the age of 4.
Although Mata also competes in the visually impaired division at international judo competitions, Brazilian jiu-jitsu is their favorite sport. Because there aren't that many adult competitors in their jiu-jitsu division, he's never had the opportunity to compete against another blind athlete.
Unlike some other martial arts that involve striking the opponent with an arm or leg, Brazilian jiu-jitsu involves grappling on the ground with an opponent and administering joint locks and choke holds until one competitor gives up and taps out.
The matches begin with opponents standing facing each other without touching. Mata is such a well-known and tough competitor that their sighted opponents usually sneak attack them in the opening seconds of the match by grabbing their legs and pushing them to the ground.
“They get the advantage right from the start because they know I can't see them,” Mata said. “Now we're training to prepare for that. We try to overcome that initial minute of the fight to regain control.”
During sparring practice on Friday morning in the ice-cold gym, Mata and Fernando circled each other and alternately flipped each other to the ground. Each time Mata went down, they popped back up with a smile on their face. Fernando said it's typical of Mata's sunny nature and can-do spirit.
“Everyone here fell in love with them and opened their arms to them when they came,” Fernando said. “He inspires everyone they meet.”
Things weren't always so sunny for Mata, who said they went through a dark period after losing their sight. Born and raised in Poway, Mata was a multi-sport athlete as a boy. They surfed, rode skateboards, did martial arts and wrestled varsity for four years at Poway High. In their senior year, they started amateur boxing and after graduating, they devoted themselves to the sport full time, becoming successful enough to buy a home and several cars.
But their aggressive training took a toll on their health. When they were about 24, they suffered a detached retina in their left eye, as well as uveitis, an inflammatory disease that destroys the eye tissue. Then the same thing happened to their right eye. By 26, they were blind, unemployed and in despair.
“I fell into a deep depression and in trying to find myself I started drinking a lot and doing drugs. I thought my life was over,” they said.
To cope with their loss of sight, they took classes in Braille, device accessibility and independent living, first through the San Diego Center for the Blind and then the Junior Blind of America's Davidson Program in Los Angeles. It was there that they sat in on a Bible study class and discovered a newfound faith.
“It caught me and I found my refuge and spirituality,” they said, admitting that it took them a few years and a few setbacks before they were fully committed to starting over.
They enrolled in community college and friends in the blind community directed them to Fernando's gym, which they joined in October 2012.
At first, Mata would spend two-and-a-half hours on the bus commuting three days a week from their parents' home in Poway to the gym on Rancheros Drive in San Marcos. Then, fellow jiu-jitsu student Dillon Trotter of Poway took Mata under their wing and began training with them in the gym and driving them to and from lessons.
Mata's discipline and natural athleticism allowed them to advance quickly. In 2013, they won their first world championship as a white belt master lightweight. In 2014, they landed a sponsor, the gi (uniform) maker Shoyoroll, which provides gear and competition fees.
They now compete about once a month in jiu-jitsu tournaments that have taken them to Texas and Colorado and judo tournaments in Canada, South Korea and Hungary. Their 2017 goal is to compete and win at the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation championship in Irvine.
Mata has been equally successful in the classroom. In August 2015, they transferred to Cal State San Marcos, where he's studying business management and earning high grades. They plan to earn a graduate degree in marketing and start their own business helping other visually impaired people gain independence. He's so adept at using their laptop and iPhone to get around, they were recently asked to speak to a group of Chinese accessibility advisers who visited Cal State San Marcos.
“He's a really smart, pretty techy guy, and what's striking about them is that he's a genuinely nice young man. He's not egotistical or boisterous, just a really low-key guy,” said John Segoria, director of disability support services at Cal State San Marcos. “He's got everything I'm looking for in someone who will graduate and run their own business and he's been a real pleasure to work with academically.”
Another benefit of attending college was meeting girlfriend Jenna Scott, a fellow student who offered to take notes for Mata in their math class a few years ago. They've been together for two years. Jenna's father, Curtis Scott, is a big fan of Mata.
“He'a a great guy, super positive and can do things better than any guy I know except drive a car,” said Scott, who volunteers as Mata's weight trainer. “He might not look it but he's got the strength of 10 men.”
Although losing their vision was life-changing, Mata said in many ways it changed them for the good.
President Obama arrives at the opening day of South By Southwest at the Long Center for the Performing Arts on Friday, March 11, 2016, in Austin, Texas. (Photo by Rich Fury/Invision/AP)
AUSTIN -- President Obama defended government efforts to preserve law enforcement access to digital devices Friday, telling a crowd that included many technology innovators that society cannot end up "fetishizing our phones above every other value."
Obama made their remarks during a keynote discussion at the yearly South by Southwest Interactive conference here, after being asked by Texas Tribune journalist Evan Smith to comment on the larger implications of the pending fight between the FBI and Apple over access to an iPhone used by one of the shooters in December's terrorist attack in San Bernardino.
[Relatives of San Bernardino victims and tech giants lend voices to Apple-FBI fight]
Obama said they would not comment on that particular battle, which is being litigated in federal court, but they made clear in an 11-minute reply that they believe government must be able to maintain access to information it is entitled to under a lawful warrant. The remarks were among Obama's most detailed and pointed commentary on their view on balancing privacy and security in the digital age.
"My conclusion so far is that you cannot take an absolutist view on this," they said. "So if your bargain is strong encryption, no matter what, that we can and should in fact create 'black boxes,' then that I think does not strike the kind of balance that we have lived with for 200, 300 years, and it's fetishizing our phones above every other value. And that can't be the right answer."
Apple is resisting the federal government's request that the company develop software that would defeat an iPhone security feature that would erase the phone after a certain number of failed password attempts, thus allowing investigators to access the phone's contents by rapidly testing various passwords. Apple has argued that developing such software would in effect open a "back door" into its customers' devices, creating a precedent that could threaten privacy rights in America and abroad.
Obama said that such requests did not represent the government's desire to search "willy-nilly" through Americans' digital devices but instead would preserve the ability to conduct lawful investigations that has long existed.
"Before smartphones were invented, and to this day, if there is probable cause to think that you have abducted a child or you are engaging in a terrorist plot or you are guilty of some serious crime, law enforcement can appear at your doorstep and say we have a warrant to search your home, and they can go into your bedroom and rifle through your underwear to see if there's any evidence of wrongdoing," they said. "And we agree on that, because we recognize that just like all of our other rights ... that there are going to be some constraints we impose so we are safe, secure and can live in a civilized society."
"The question we now have to ask is," they added, "if technologically it is possible to make an impenetrable device or system, or the encryption is so strong that there is no key, there is no door at all, then how do we apprehend the child pornographer? How do we solve or disrupt a terrorist plot? What mechanism do we have available even to do simple things like tax enforcement? ... There has to be some concession to the need to be able to get into that information somehow."
While Obama's position puts them to the right of many tech thinkers and evangelists who have rallied behind Apple in recent weeks, Obama insisted they are "way on the civil liberties side of this thing" while cautioning against "overthrowing the values that have made us such a great nation simply for expediency."
"The dangers are real," they said. "Maintaining law and order and civilized society is important. And so I would just caution against taking an absolutist perspective on this."
Obama also warned those who support stronger privacy protections that their position might not be politically sustainable over the long run -- and they suggested that after a hypothetical terror attack that Congress, not the courts, would have the last word.
"I am confident this is something we can solve, but we're going to need the tech community, software designers, people who care deeply about this stuff, to help us solve it," they said. "If everybody goes to their respective corners ... what you'll find is that after something really bad happens, the politics of this will swing, and it will become sloppy and rushed and it will go through Congress in ways that have not been thought through, and then you really will have dangers to our civil liberties."
SHARE
TWENTY-TWO MILLION – that's how many Americans would lose their health insurance, according to the US Congressional Budget Office, if the reconciliation legislation approved by the House of Representative on Wednesday by a 240-181 vote were to become law.
The Senate approved the same bill in December and the House adopted it yesterday with no changes. That sent it to the White House where President Obama vetoed the measure on Friday. The likelihood that House or Senate Republican leaders could summon the needed votes to override that veto is zero.
Get the Daily Download Our news roundup delivered every weekday.
Email *
It's easy to dive into the political games involved in this legislation because there are so many. Doing so, though, ignores our responsibility to recognize what this Congress has done – put itself on record to cancel health insurance for tens of millions of Americans and offer nothing, zero, to mitigate the harm to mostly low and lower middle income families.
Here are the bill's key elements:
Eliminate the Affordable Care Act (ACA) Medicaid expansion
Eliminate the ACA's premium and cost sharing subsidies to help lower middle income Americans buy private health insurance
Repeal the ACA's individual mandate which helps to ensure a healthy risk pool of enrollees to keep premiums affordable
Cancel all federal funds to Planned Parenthood
One thing the legislation does not do is eliminate the ACA's ban on pre-existing condition exclusions, a move which – absent the mandate and subsidies – will make the cost of health insurance premiums skyrocket in all state markets.
Some will say: Didn't the ACA cancel health insurance for hundreds of thousands of Americans who could no longer keep the coverage they had? That is true, and it is also true that every one of those who lost their coverage had a legal guarantee to purchase other insurance – with better coverage and lower costs for many. The vast majority of the 22 million the Republicans now choose to harm would have no coverage options.
Since the fall of 2013, 13.5 million low-income Americans have enrolled in state Medicaid programs, most of these because of the ACA. The Republican bill would eliminate coverage for nearly all of them and put nothing in its place.
To be sure, Republican Congressional leaders, particularly House Speaker Paul Ryan, are again promising to advance replacement legislation soon. We have heard this many times in the five years and nine months since President Obama signed the ACA in 2010. As Huffington Post's Jeffrey Young notes: “That should sound familiar, because Republicans leaders have said it before. In 2015. In 2014. In 2013. In 2012. In 2011. And in 2010, as soon as Obamacare became law.” If you want a laugh, watch House Budget chairperson Tom Price (a member of the House GOP “Doctors' Caucus”) dodge any answer on Fox News of what a replacement might entail.
Meanwhile, the Republican presidential candidates offer no better hope. Despite continuous slaps at the ACA, Donald Trump has failed to issue a health platform after promising to do so since last summer. Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio have paper thin policy platforms that guarantee nothing. No other Republican candidate has even tried to articulate a position.
Meanwhile, over the past two months, we have seen robust interest by millions of Americans, including first-timers, in using the ACA health marketplaces to buy insurance. We see Medicaid expanding in formerly recalcitrant states. We have seen five years of record low rates of increase in health care spending. We've seen ACA quality initiatives that have been tied to 50,000 fewer deaths from lowered rates of hospital-acquired conditions such as infections, falls, and medication errors. And a lot more.
What we get from the Republican Congress is the health policy equivalent of their orthodoxy on climate change, gun violence, tax policy, and so much else – heads in the sand. During last spring's US Supreme Court process on the King v. Burwell case, the deans of US schools of public health estimated that just eliminating the ACA's private health insurance subsidies would cause an estimated 9,800 preventable deaths per year. Put that together with eliminating the Medicaid expansion, and we risk more than doubling that number of deaths.
Meet the Author John E. McDonough Guest Contributor
Some suggest that this ACA repeal legislation is meaningless because of the certain Obama veto. That view is incorrect. By successfully using budget reconciliation (requiring only 51 Senate votes for passage) to win Congressional approval of a bill to wreck health reform, Republicans have proven, without doubt, that if they control the White House, Senate, and House in January 2017 they can – and will – dismantle the most important piece of US social policy legislation since the passage of Medicare and Medicaid in 1965, and do so with no regard or effort to ameliorate the deathly consequences of their action.At least up until November 8, 2016, please remember this number – 22 million.
John E. McDonough teaches at the Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health and blogs at healthstew.com
SHARE
Trump administration figures Mike Pence and Kellyanne Conway are scheduled to speak at this year's edition of the annual March for Life pro-life rally in Washington on Friday. Trump, meanwhile, has said that their Supreme Court nominees will be chosen with the goal of overturning Roe v. Wade. (Though here's why that might not happen even if Trump gets to appoint multiple justices.)
This pro-life president, though, was famously pro-choice before deciding that they wanted to be the Republican nominee. In 2016, they refused to answer Times columnist Maureen Dowd's question about whether he'd ever paid for or been otherwise involved in the procurement of an abortion. And above is an MSNBC clip of a 2003 Trump appearance on Howard Stern's radio show in which they laugh about being talked into not aborting a surprise pregnancy. (It'd seem, given the timing of Trump's children's births, that he's talking about Marla Maples, who's said the conception of their daughter, Tiffany, was a surprise, and MSNBC asserts as much. But no one says Maples' name in the clip.)
Also of note: The context of the discussion above is that Trump is talking about how pleased they are that their then-girlfriend Melania has been consistently taking birth control pills. The organization that runs the March for Life successfully sued the Obama administration to be exempted from the Affordable Care Act's contraceptive coverage requirements.
By Monday evening—after President Donald Trump had stiffly recited from a Telepromptered statement against racism, neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan—New Yorker editor David Remnick and the magazine's art editor, Françoise Mouly, felt they could stick with the cover they had originally planned for a late-August issue in the midst of a lazy summer.
“It was a very nice beach cover,” Mouly told The Daily Beast. “Charlottesville had happened and the weekend news was pretty dire. But after Trump's press conference on Monday and they read from the script, we just felt like ‘let's do the beach cover, they put it to rest.' But then, by the end of the day Tuesday after the second press conference, it was like ‘We can't. This is just not possible.'…It was crazy talk.”
At the offices of Time and Britain's Economist—which, along with the New Yorker, rank as the English-speaking world's most influential weekly magazines—editors were having similar reactions.
The results, as became clear Thursday night when each magazine posted its new cover online, were three powerful and alarming images linking the Trump presidency and America as a whole to the very worst impulses in collective human thought and behavior.
In Germany, the leading weekly Der Spiegel followed suit on Friday, publishing a cover image in which the face of a red-tied Trump-like figure is shrouded in a white hood. “The True Face of Donald Trump,” reads the German-language cover line.
“It's a moment,” Remnick said in an interview. “Look, there's been a Klan in this country and white supremacists in this country for hundreds of years. But the very idea that the president of the United States in 2017 would signal sympathy with that movement, and would do so with a kind of defiant insistence, is more than just a moment.”
Economist editor-in-chief Zanny Minton Beddoes told The Daily Beast that they changed cover plans at the last minute—delaying a non-news-peg package that they declined to describe because it will run later—in order to reflect the urgency of what was occurring in the Colonies.
“I decided on Wednesday morning we really had to do something,” they said from the U.K., noting that the Economist closes its issue at 11:30 a.m. Thursday London time. And in a departure from the norm, the magazine is running no cover line “because that image said it all and it didn't need words,” they said.
Like Der Spiegel's and the Economist's cover image—illustrator Jon Berkeley's cartoon-Trump, against a menacing red background, bellowing through a megaphone drawn to resemble a Ku Klux Klan hood—the New Yorker's cover by David Plunkert focuses on the president, portraying an isolated Trump aboard a tiny boat going nowhere as they blow air into a white sail that is punctured with two holes; a somewhat different take on the Klan hood motif.
“The KKK hood is a gift in graphic terms. It's simple, and its menace is instantly recognizable,” the Economist's Berkeley told HuffPost in an interview. “It's been used to great visual effect by many illustrators and cartoonists…I do think that cartoons and illustration can have a strong effect on people's perception of particular people or events over time ― maybe even more so as the credibility of the printed word is dented…. We live in interesting times…The supply of weapons-grade lunacy in every corner of the globe seems to have ramped up considerably in the past year, which just gives more to push against.”
Time's cover, by contrast, directs its fire not at Trump individually but at an entire nation riven by hateful compulsions: Edel Rodriguez's stark image of a jackbooted, American flag-draped figure raising an arm in the Nazi salute.
“When I opened the email that had that image, I gasped,” said Time's editor-in-chief, Nancy Gibbs, noting that Rodriguez is the same artist who produced the magazine's iconic (if hardly prophetic) melting-Trump cover during last year's campaign. “We take very seriously the power of symbols and how strongly people feel about the symbolism of the American flag—and we're very respectful in how we treat it. But how do we respond when people who are promoting ideals that are antithetical to what the flag stands for wrap themselves in it? It is meant to be an uncomfortable image.”
Gibbs added that when they saw the other two magazine covers, they aren't surprised that they spotlighted Charlottesville—“I would have been surprised if they hadn't”—or that Trump themselves was front and center.
“It's perfectly legitimate to make the president the focus,” they said. “He, and their reactions, continued to put themselves in the middle of the story. There are so many dimensions to it, and they, too, reached for very powerful images. This is not an academic debate we're having. This is a conversation about essential principles we live by in this country.”
Minton Beddoes said this week's Economist cover targets Trump because the magazine's covers always reflect not only the subject but the viewpoint of the lead editorial—which in this case characterizes the former reality television billionaire as “politically inept, morally barren and unfit for office.”
“For the rest of the world, this was an extremely important moment to take stock of the magnitude of what happened, and of the president and their personality,” Minton Beddoes said.
Unlike Time and the Economist, the New Yorker is not necessarily, or at least not always, a creature of the news cycle—especially not its cover art, which is more often seasonal and decorative than political. Yet this time the demand for immediacy was overwhelming, Remnick said.
In a train-wreck of a press conference in the pink-marbled, gold-plated lobby of Trump Tower late Tuesday afternoon, the president had angrily defended the thugs in Charlottesville as “fine people” and had posited an outlandish moral equivalency between gun-toting, Jew-hating white supremacists and the activists who'd showed up to demonstrate against them.
“I'd been thinking about a Charlottesville cover, but you wonder, what is it going to feel like in ten days?” Remnick said, noting their magazine's three-day lead time from the Friday closing to the Monday newsstands (while subscribers can wait several days beyond that to receive their issue from the U.S. Postal Service). “But God knows racism and Trump will persist long past ten days.”
The night of the Trump Tower press conference, Remnick went to Mouly and said, “Françoise, let's really press a little harder on the accelerator.”
Mouly issued “a clarion call,” Remnick said, to several dozen of the magazine's regular artists and cartoonists with instructions to capture and distill the complexities of Charlottesville into a cover-ready graphic with attitude; and it had to speak for itself, because the New Yorker never prints explanatory cover lines.
The preliminary sketches that came back that night and Wednesday morning were rife with the tropes of bigotry and mobs: torches, neo-Nazi and Klan iconography, and so on.
David Plunkert, a Baltimore-based illustrator who had never been on the cover, submitted a sketch that was at once merciless and witty.
“I showed it to David and they started laughing,” Mouly said. “It was funny, and that's always a good sign. Except it really needed to be right. Yes, you want to laugh, but you also want to cry…We could not not mark this moment. The difficulty for the artist, and the difficulty for us, is keeping the outrage up.”
For Remnick, Plunkert's image was graced by simplicity and clarity—and not open to misinterpretation, willful or otherwise, as with the New Yorker's controversial July 2008 “fist bump cover” by the magazine's resident political cartoonist Barry Blitt, in which Barack and Michelle Obama were portrayed—in the fevered imaginations of their enemies—as AK-47-toting Muslim terrorists, with a painting of Osama bin Laden hanging heroically on the wall.
“You don't want to have to explain it on CNN,” Remnick said. “A lot of people on the liberal side of the ledger objected [to the Obama cover], saying that ‘of course I get it, but other people out there in the country will take it literally.' I thought that reading of it was patronizing. Nevertheless, I did end up on CNN talking to Wolf Blitzer, who I think said it was an image that could have appeared on the cover of Der Sturmer.”
Plunkert's cover, titled “Blowhard,” is “a very clean, simple image,” Remnick said. “It's a solitary figure on a little punt of a boat blowing air into a sail that has holes in it. It is somebody”—Donald Trump—“who is literally blowing air and accelerating the forces of malignancy.”
(h/t Heather)
Oy. Only on FoxNews.
EASTON: Well, I thought this whole -- the two speeches this week were just a high-pitched -- unfortunate high-pitched partisan duel between the two of them.
I know the press focused a lot on -- and has focused a lot on Dick Cheney and their provocative comments that the administration is keeping us less safe. And frankly, I think Cheney should give this president some credit on things like their very difficult decision to not release the photos of alleged detainee abuse, for example, their flip on military tribunals.
But if you look at the Obama speech, that was equally partisan, and there wasn't a lot of focus on that. I mean, they talked about this mess that they had inherited. They talked about the administration sort of fitting facts for an ideological agenda.
Why can't this president give the previous president credit for keeping us safe for seven years? And by the way, we know from the C- SPAN interview that he's in touch with President Bush. They've actually talked since he's been in office.
But I think it would carry this White House a long way past the problems that Ceci talks about and get the support of somebody like McCain, Senator McCain, or Senator Lindsey Graham , who also supported closing Gitmo and also had concerns about enhanced interrogation techniques.
I think it would buy them a lot of credit or a lot of good will on the other side of the aisle and with centrist Democrats if they gave this -- they gave the Bush administration some credit.
Archaeologists have discovered an eight-meter-high section of the Western Wall and a subterranean Roman theater, which haven't been seen by human eyes for almost two millennia.
The Israel Antiquity Authority announced the discovery on Monday following a two-year excavation of the site.
“From a research perspective, this is a sensational find,” archaeologist Joe Uziel said at a press conference on Monday morning in Jerusalem's Old City, as cited by The Jerusalem Post.
“The discovery was a real surprise. We did not imagine that a window would open for us onto the mystery of Jerusalem's lost theater. Like much of archeological research, the expectation is that a certain thing will be found. But at the end of the process, other findings – surprising and thought-provoking – are unearthed,” Uziel added.
Archaeologists have searched for the ruins for 150 years, according to The Times of Israel, and their discovery is already altering their perceptions of Roman-occupied Jerusalem after the fall of the Second Temple and destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans in 70 CE.
READ MORE: US withdraws from UNESCO, cites ‘continuing anti-Israel bias'
Early discoveries indicate that the city was in a state of upheaval at the time: the theater itself was not fully constructed, the paving stones used for roads had been turned into makeshift benches, and even drainage ducts had been rerouted to accommodate additional Roman construction work on a stadium.
“A number of findings at the site indicate this, among them a staircase that was never completely hewn,” said Avi Solomon, another member of the archaeological team. “It is clear that great effort was invested in the building's construction. But oddly, it was abandoned before it was put to use.”
“The reasons for this are unknown,” they added. “But they may have been connected to a significant historical event – perhaps the Bar Kokhba revolt. Construction of the building may have been started, and then abandoned when the revolt broke out.”
READ MORE: Long-lost Roman city of Neapolis discovered off Tunisia (PHOTOS)
The dig is taking place beneath Wilson's Arch, beside the men's section of the Western Wall. The team also constructed a reinforced floor to prevent any disruption to worshippers at the Temple Mount, one of Jerusalem's holiest sites.
The team will continue its work for at least another six months with a view to uncovering ruins and relics from Jerusalem's First Temple era. They are awaiting the results of carbon-14 dating but Uziel says the find “dates pretty solidly to the late Roman period.”
“Advanced research methods from various fields were employed to uncover remains invisible to the naked eye, but only viewable through a microscope,” said Uziel.
“This enables conclusions to be drawn at a level of precision that would have been impossible in the past, transforming the study of the findings at Wilson's Arch into pioneering, cutting-edge micro-archeological research,” Uziel added.
“What happened on the Temple Mount between the destruction of the Second Temple and the Muslim period is one of the riddles we have yet to solve,” said Uziel. The team have yet to uncover any evidence of the Roman Temple of Jupiter, which was rumored to have been built on the Temple Mount.
READ MORE: Mosaic found in Jerusalem once decorated ‘ancient hostel' – study
“We have a great deal of archaeological work ahead and I am certain that the deeper we dig, the earlier the periods we will reach, further anchoring the profound connection of the Jewish people to the Land of Israel and to Jerusalem,” said Rabbi Shmuel Rabinovitch, Rabbi of the Western Wall and the Holy Places.
The team's findings will be presented later this year at a conference entitled, “New Studies in the Archeology of Jerusalem and its Environs,” which will mark 50 years of archaeology since the unification of Jerusalem.
Daily Caller reports:
Pakistani-born Imran Awan, long-time right-hand IT aide to the former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman, has since desperately tried to get the hard drives back, the individual told The Daily Caller News Foundation's Investigative Group.
A high-level congressional source, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the probe, confirmed that the FBI has joined what Politico previously described as a Capitol Police criminal probe into “serious, potentially illegal, violations on the House IT network” by Imran and three of their relatives, who had access to the emails and files of the more than two dozen House Democrats who employed them on a part-time basis.
Capitol Police have also seized computer equipment tied to the Florida lawmaker.
Awan's younger brothers, Abid and Jamal, their wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, Imran's best friend, are also under investigation. There have been no arrests in the case.
There is also evidence of financial schemes that extend beyond the Capitol Police's purview and may expand to Pakistan, where Imran spends significant portions of the year.
It is truly said “The earth has music for those who listen“. If you start exploring our planet and Mother Nature, you will come across some most unbelievable and unique things that our Mother Nature has offered us and we are not even aware of them. Today while I was trying to search for a fact related to a tree, I came across some unique and most beautiful flowers in the wild which are rarest of rare species nature offers us, so I thought while I am exploring them why not let my readers step into the world of wonders. So here I go.
Starting with the tree I was reading for the “Narilatha Tree” one of the most unique tree found in the woods of Himachal Pradesh, offers us flowers in shape of naked women. The tree has several myths and facts to offer but apart from the myth and facts what matters is the uniqueness of its flowers which is the rarest ever seen.
The second is the Monkey orchid, an orchid with its flower shaped just like the face of a monkey. Found only in the region of Ecuador and Peru at high altitudes these flowers are one of the most amazing wonders in the nature world.
Then there comes the third flower Flying duck orchid, another unique variety of orchid. Found in the Australian region the flower looks exactly like a duck with its beck held high and wings swept along with the flower. Aah Natures Wonder!
Moving on with the fourth one, we have Parrot flower, shaped exactly like a parrot with a different color, these flowers add up to the wondrous nature around us and its uniqueness.
Then there is this fifth variety of flower Swaddled baby flower, unique as well as gorgeous, these flowers prove the fact that you do not need to wander in the wild to celebrate the beauty of nature. It is always all around us. You just need to look up and appreciate it. Cute is the word that can be used for them. Babies wrapped up with the wings of the flowers, one of most beautiful gift the nature offers us through these flowers.
Lips flower, another variety of flower just in the shape of kissing lips. Isn't it unique and something which I believe is difficult to be found usually? I believe so.
Moving on to another variety of orchids is the “Dove orchid”, found in the panama region of south America, these flowers are amazing with white round petals and a dove shaped flower in between.
Moving on to the last variety I am getting you today is the Skull snap dragon seed pods. These flowers are wild variety and shaped in the form of skulls of dragon which we generally see in form of tattoos on our hands.
After going through these unique varieties of flowers my urge to search for more has grown up. I was really amazed to see this unique variety of flowers all around us. Really our nature has more to offer us then we can ever imagine. Keep Exploring and Loving Nature and it's Unbelievable Wonders!
O flower! Attired in pure natural innocence
I am fascinated by your tranquil disposition!
Flickr/Worldizen Nepalese police said Sunday they have arrested more than 60 pilgrims for smoking cannabis and disturbing the peace at a major religious festival.
Cannabis is illegal in Nepal, but under an ancient legal loophole authorities allow holy men -- known as sadhus -- to smoke it during an annual, often wild, celebration in honour of Hindu god Shiva.
Thousands of pilgrims travel to the sprawling Pashupatinath temple complex in Kathmandu every year from all over Nepal and India to mark the occasion, which is known as Shivaratri.
Holy men mark the Shivaratri festival in Nepal and India by praying, smoking marijuana or smearing their bodies with ashes but it is illegal for others to consume the drug.
"We have arrested 67 persons from the Pashupatinath temple. Most of them were found intoxicated with cannabis and disturbing the peace," Kathmandu police spokesperson Uttam Subedi told AFP, adding that those arrested were pilgrims.
"Those who were harassing girls and were involved in suspicious activities have also been arrested. It's a huge event with thousands of people visiting the temple. So we have tightened the security," they added.
Thousands of police officers have been deployed at the temple premises and more than 150,000 pilgrims are expected to celebrate Shivaratri, which is a public holiday in Nepal.
In recent years, police have cracked down on sadhus selling cannabis during the event, but this was the biggest arrest of pilgrims for drug use to date.
Camps are set up in the area to accommodate the visiting sadhus, the main attraction of the festival, many of whom arrive weeks ahead of the celebration.
Image caption Many big retailers have opened warehouses in the Channel Islands
The government is to change the tax rules that have allowed retailers to avoid paying VAT by sending goods from the Channel Islands.
Low Value Consignment Relief (LVCR) will not apply to goods sent from the Channel Islands to the UK from 1 April.
The loophole has been used increasingly in recent years by companies selling CDs and DVDs online, such as Play.com, Tesco and Amazon.
The government said the loophole was now costing £140m a year.
The chief minister of Guernsey, Deputy Lyndon Trott, said the change would have a "significant impact" on the islands.
The maximum price of the goods allowed under LVCR was cut from £18 to £15 on 1 November following an announcement in the Budget in March.
"These reforms will ensure that UK companies, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, can compete on a level playing field with those larger companies with the resources to set up operations in the Channel Islands," said David Gauke, Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury.
LVCR was originally established as a VAT exemption for goods coming from outside the EU. The idea was to prevent EU members having to collect small amounts of VAT, when collecting it would cost more than it was worth.
'Moral market'
The problem has been that as the Channel Islands are outside the EU, big retailers have been sending low-price goods to the Channel Islands and then having them sent back individually to customers in the UK.
The government said that LVCR will continue to apply to goods coming from other countries outside the EU.
"The removal of this major market distortion should be welcomed by all UK businesses that wish to trade online," said Richard Allen, spokesperson for Retailers Against VAT Avoidance, a group that has campaigned against LVCR.
"The VAT Loophole is not only contra to the basic principles of EU VAT law but is also contrary to any sense of fair play and a 'moral market'."
Jersey's Economic Development Minister, Senator Alan Maclean, said more than 1,700 people were employed in the fulfilment industry across the Channel Islands.
Channel Island legislators are worried about the amount of notice they have been given of the closing of the loophole.
President Barack Obama took a veiled swipe at Donald Trump on Sunday in a statement marking the start of the holy Islamic month of Ramadan.
Without mentioning the presumptive GOP nominee by name, the president reaffirmed their commitment to welcoming immigrants and refugees, despite “voices that seek to divide us.”
“I stand firmly with Muslim American communities in rejection of the voices that seek to divide us or limit our religious freedoms or civil rights,” Obama said. “I stand committed to safeguarding the civil rights of all Americans, no matter their religion or appearance.”
They added, “We will continue to welcome immigrants and refugees into our nation, including those who are Muslim.”
Donald Trump Suggests Muslim Judge Might Also Be Unfair
Trump doubled down on their call to temporarily bar foreign Muslims from entering the United States, in an interview Sunday with CBS' “Face the Nation.”
“I'm not backing down,” they said. “We have to do something. We have a problem in this country. We have a radical Islamic terrorism problem in this country and, by the way, throughout the world, throughout the world. It's a problem.”
Asked whether a Muslim judge could be biased against them because of their proposed ban, Trump replied, “It's possible, yes.” They have since called their proposal a “suggestion.”
The San Francisco 49ers have four quarterbacks on the roster, but next week they'll have zero. Three are set to hit free agency and only Colin Kaepernick was set to be under contract for the 2017 season, until they informed teams Tuesday that they will opt out of their contract with the 49ers and become a free agent.
So the top priority for new 49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan is repopulating the depth chart at the position.
"We don't have anybody on our roster," Shanahan told reporters at the NFL Combine on Wednesday. "Who you guys see on the free agent market, who there is in the draft, and trade possibilities, and our guys who were on our roster last year — that's really the group we're picking from."
Blaine Gabbert started five games for the 49ers in 2016, but was eventually replaced by Kaepernick in the starting lineup. But San Francisco doesn't appear ready to bring Gabbert or backups Christian Ponder and Thad Lewis back on a new contract.
Instead, Shanahan spoke of evaluating the 2017 draft class for a possible quarterback of the future for the team, although he's behind in the process
"The tape's by far the most important,” Shanahan said. “If you don't like what you see on the tape then nothing else matters. It's a little backwards because just coming to [Indianapolis] first, I get to know the guys a little bit better first. I wish I could do it differently but there's just not enough time.
“So, here I get to know them and I go back and watch the tape."
The 49ers own the No. 2 pick in the draft, only behind the Cleveland Browns. Many experts believe the team will use that first-round selection to pick a quarterback, with about half of mock drafts projecting the team to take either North Carolina's Mitch Trubisky or Clemson's Deshaun Watson.
San Francisco could also sign a veteran free agent, but Kirk Cousins received the franchise tag Tuesday and Tony Romo will presumably be interested in playing for a team ready to win a Super Bowl if he's eventually released by the Dallas Cowboys.
Even if the 49ers are able to land an immediate starter in free agency or through a trade, finding a young quarterback is still an offseason need for the team. Shanahan said Wednesday that they value quick decision-making under duress most in young quarterbacks.
The hunt for passers that fit that mold and will potentially be the team's quarterback begins for the 49ers this week in Indianapolis.
A workshop by author and respected cult expert Steven Hassan on the topic of undue influence has been organized for this coming weekend in London, and is already over-subscribed.
Undue influence has been defined as any act of persuasion that overcomes the free will and judgement of another person. This type of persuasion is prevalent among many fringe groups, religious and political sects, and cults – including Jehovah's Witnesses.
As announced earlier this week on AAWA.co, a press conference has been scheduled as a precursor to the workshop event in order to highlight the often misunderstood subject, and its dangers, to members of the media and other guests.
Hassan will be joined on the panel by Jon Atack, an author and expert on Scientology; Masoud Banisadr, a former representative of the group Mujahideen-e-Khalq Organization (MeK); Dr Linda Dubrow-Marshall, a psychologist specializing in treatment of cult influence; Prof. Rod Dubrow-Marshall, a renowned psychology professor and award-winning researcher of undue influence, and finally – our very own Lloyd Evans (better known to all of us here at JWsurvey as John Cedars)!
As many of you know, Lloyd is a former elder and graduate of the now-defunct Ministerial Training School, and they will be looking to use their knowledge and experience to highlight the use of undue influence by Watchtower. Lloyd has decided to shed their anonymity specially for this event, although they say they will continue to write for us under the moniker “Cedars.”
The conference, scheduled for Friday August 22, 2014 at 1:30 pm, is open to AAWA invitees and members of the press only. However, it will be professionally filmed, and footage should be released to the public at some point in the near future.
Until that time, please visit JWsurvey, the John Cedars YouTube channel, and our partner sites for the latest articles, posts and videos covering what promises to be a fascinating conference and its surrounding events.
Further reading…
EXCLUSIVE: There are going to be plenty of film packages that spark buyers at Cannes, and here's a fresh one that isn't even waiting for the Croisette. Keanu Reeves has just committed to star for Eli Roth in Knock Knock, a psychological thriller that Roth wrote and will direct. Reeves will play a happily married family man who's left alone for the weekend. Two beautiful girls show up at their house, and turn their life upside down. Those femme fatales will be played by Lorenza Izzo, who just starred for Roth in the September 5 release The Green Inferno, and Ana de Armas, who just played Robert Duran's wife in Hands Of Stone opposite Edgar Ramirez and Robert De Niro. Ignacia Allamand, who also starred in Green Inferno, plays the man's wife. Colleen Camp, a catalyst in assembling this film as producer, will also play a role, as will Aaron Burns, who also just worked with Roth in The Green Inferno.
Roth confirmed all this for me, and said that it has all come together in what has to be record time. They wrote the script with Green Inferno collaborators Eli Roth, Nicolas Lopez, Guillermo Amoedo. Reeves loved it, just committed and has come aboard as exec producer. Roth starts production April 14 in Santiago, Chile (which is far from the earthquake so that is not a disruption).
“I had a window before I promote Green Inferno, and I wanted to make a movie like Roman Polanski or Paul Verhoeven made when they were young, a classic psychosexual thriller that's not a horror movie, but would have everyone on the edge of their seats. Getting Keanu is amazing, he's a fine actor who is perfect for this. I feel I can have this movie ready for Toronto if I need to, and he's catching a plane tomorrow and we'll be fitting them for wardrobe right away.”
There is already scrapping going on by foreign sales companies chasing the international rights, and domestic distributors. CAA will be selling the domestic rights with Cassian Elwes and most of the dealmaking will take place in Cannes.
Camp, Roth, Nicolas Lopez, Miguel Asensio, Cassian Elwes and Tim DeGraye are producing, while Teddy Schwarzman, Reeves, Peter Traynor, Larry Spiegel and Sondra Locke are exec producers. The film's a coproduction between Camp Grey, Black Bear Pictures, Sobras International Pictures. Roth tells me they will have a sizzle reel ready to show at the market at Cannes. Some have them pegged as the maker of splatter films, or the baseball bat swinging killer of Nazis from Inglourious Basterds.  They are assuredly both of those, but he's at heart a shrewd filmmaker who knows how to cover the bases on the business side of their movies.
The Sublime Genius of Lionel Messi
“He needs help like a fish needs a bicycle.” – Ray Hudson, on Lionel Messi
Here is what we know about Lionel Andrés Messi: originally from the Argentine city of Rosario, they are 26 years old.  They are of relatively small stature (reportedly 5-foot-7), physically.  They are left-footed and had a growth deficiency when they were a child, for which FC Barcelona, their current club in Spain, offered to pick up the medical tab in exchange for theirs coming to the Catalan youth academy.  They are the four-time defending recipient of FIFA's Ballon d'Or, the most prestigious individual award in soccer. They are, unequivocally and absolutely, the finest soccer player on the planet. And they have more than a solid chance to be, when all is said and done, the best the world has ever seen.
With their first-half hat trick against Valencia on Sunday, Messi refuted any doubts anyone may have had when they missed a game against Málaga due to injury. When their lauded new Brazilian teammate Neymar fed them with a wondrous through ball in the box which led to a goal, they jointly put to rest questions about their shared alpha dog status at one of the world's biggest and most scrutinized clubs, at least for the time being. Their rampant scoring touch and otherworldly dribbling abilities are perhaps the current biggest pieces of the Catalan puzzle, pieces which were noticeably absent due to injury during Barcelona's 0-7 aggregate defeat to eventual champions Bayern Munich in the 2013 Champions League semifinal. In recent years, Messi's innate passion for the game and their relentlessness in pursuit of the ball has led them to surpass Xavi's tiki-taka wizardry as being the single embodying and driving force of FC Barcelona, a club which has been among the most consistent in the world over the last decade.
Depending on which competitions you include and which statistics sources you use, Messi has scored somewhere in the neighborhood of 250-320 goals in their career for Barcelona. They have won every major club competition imaginable for a team based in Spain's La Liga, including having been apart of a team which won an unprecedented six trophies in the calendar year of 2009.  They are the only person ever to lead or tie for the lead in La Liga for goals and assists in the same season. They have scored more goals in a calendar year than anyone, having scored 91 in 2012. They have earned their own version of The Lion King (thank you, Internet). Messi also has the distinction of being the only player who Mario Balotelli admits is better than they are, perhaps the most impressive feat yet.
Messi's instinctual poise sets them far apart from everyone else in the world, including the widely-accepted next-best player, Christiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid. Ronaldo, whom ESPN's Alexander Netherton once portrayed as soccer's Nietzschean Übermensch, is the ideal player concocted in the brains of teenagers playing FIFA or Football Manager.  They are the person any soccer player aspires to be from a young age, the consummate competitor and physical specimen capable of scoring from anywhere on the pitch, especially deadly in dead-ball situations. They have a knack for tight, fast free kicks and powerful, impossibly long knuckleball goals which simultaneously confuse and astound the opposition and spectators alike.  They are no slouch when it comes to goal-scoring either; Ronaldo is often the closest challenger to Messi in total goals scored, even beating them out in La Liga during the 2010-'11 season. Ronaldo is the last person not named Messi to be awarded the Ballon d'Or.
As Messi's foil, Ronaldo has acquired a large number of admirers and detractors during their time at both Real Madrid and with their previous club, Manchester United. For all of the excellence Ronaldo has achieved, perhaps the marked difference between Messi and them is that Messi's sole focus is on the game they play. That is not to say that Ronaldo is in any way distracted when they play, but we know they care about their public perception and the way they carry himself.
There is little to suggest that Messi feels the same way. The beIN Sport commentator Ray Hudson, among others, continually refers to Messi as “a little boy,” which is a somewhat peculiar label for a 26-year-old man. It used to be that it was a mark of their age, as Messi broke in relatively young and left an indelible, immediate impact. Now, however, the phrase refers to the boundless curiosity and wonder with which Messi plays the game, much like a young boy knocking around a rubber ball barefoot in the street with their friends. That is the way Messi plays with Barcelona, where their friends happen to include the likes of Xavi Hernández, Andrés Iniesta and Cesc Fabregas. They maintain an air of immeasurable, unbridled enthusiasm whenever they are in motion with the ball at their feet. They only ever wants to be on or near a soccer pitch and seems aloof, even uncomfortable, whenever they are not. Just look at their face in the header picture: that trophy ball is made of gold. There is no way they can do any of the magical acts with it that they do with all the rest, yet their eyes are set on it, unwavering, like a dog following the ball in an owner's hand.
Messi's critics say that they are at least partially the product of the Barcelona system, that they would be half the player, if that, without Xavi, Iniesta and the rest. They say they are incapable of the same art in their right foot, the weaker of the two, that they constantly produce with their left. They say they cannot win internationally, perhaps the strongest of the arguments against their historical standing. It is true that Barcelona has produced incredible, team-based football and that Messi has undoubtedly benefited from perhaps the best passing midfielder ever. This sport is a team game, however, and unlike many other world class individuals, Messi has never abandoned their senior side for more money and envisions themselves retiring at the only club they have known since they left Argentina as a 13-year-old. As seen in the goal above, one of the most legendary in their growing catalog of majestic scoring alchemy, it seems possible that Messi can score with their weaker foot, albeit less frequently and with naturally less power than the left. Here is a very thorough and interesting breakdown of Messi's 234 goals at Barcelona as of March 21, 2012, for the Soccernomics-types.
That leaves the question of their international viability. They have yet to win a World Cup, although they did take home a gold medal for their underrated performance in Argentina's run at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Diego Maradona, the former footballing king of Argentina and, along with Pelé, disputed the best player ever, single-handedly carried their side to the world championship in 1986. They scored a particularly spellbinding goal in the quarterfinal against England, dubbed the “goal of the century,” which spawned a direct comparison when Messi nearly duplicated it frame-for-frame in a match (Also of note: Messi scored this goal with their right foot).
Messi-to-Maradona comparisons run wild, even with the players' hugely contrasting personas off the field. That could just be the difference which enables Messi to surpass Maradona in the all-time spectrum, even without a World Cup. Although Maradona's outrageous highs, both on the pitch and off of it, arguably reached higher than anyone else, they could not sustain their greatness for as long as Messi may, barring long-term injury. Messi does not allow for any of the outside influences Maradona carried, with their unyielding discipline and an adherence to temperance in every area of their life outside of goal-scoring.
Pelé won three World Cups with Brazil, something another individual player may very well never again achieve, but they were a product of their time, a player far ahead of their contemporaries. It could be argued that they were not even the best individual player on two of the three championship sides, as an early injury to Pelé allowed the best dribbler of all-time, Garrincha, to carry Brazil in 1962, and Carlos Alberto seized the spotlight in 1970 with one of the greatest teams ever assembled. Messi has an outside chance of catching Pelé's mark of 1281 goals scored if they maintain something close to their current rate in professional soccer. Although Argentina's current crop of forwards and wingers is as impressive as any in the world, if not better, the midfield and defense are severely lacking the potency Brazil's sides had in the twelve years of Pelé's international reign.
Having said all of that, if Messi can carry Argentina to a 1986-style march through the 2014 World Cup in Pelé's backyard, the world may finally be ready to accept them as the best there ever was. Maradona seems poised to accept that fact and crown Messi as their proper successor, even if Pelé cannot.
Perhaps the highest compliment I can personally pay to the diminutive Argentinian, whom I admittedly already consider to be the single best player ever, is that when they draw comparisons to video game versions of themselves (from the likes of Arsène Wenger, no less) the comparisons are unfair to Messi because they are actually better than their virtual counterpart. They can do things with the ball that the FIFA developers at EA Sports will be studying and trying to replicate, unsuccessfully, for years to come. There simply are not enough buttons on the controller for everything Messi can do. Their creativity is without parallel, and their eye for the back of the net sees in 20/2 vision.
The amount of success they have already achieved, from their break into the senior Barcelona team, through the spectacular Pep Guardiola years and into the present, is awe-inspiring, certainly. Given their age, unique skill set and the cast of complementary characters surrounding them at both club and national levels, Lionel Messi may very well have left the best for the future. As tough as it is for La Liga defenders to do so, keep an eye on this man, especially with Neymar now at their side.  They are running circles around history at their own pace, so far ahead of the curve that they are going in a straight line.
Advertisements
Part of the fun of preparing for a winter storm is to head to the local grocery store and stock up on provisions. That typically includes plenty of comfort foods, snacks and treats laden with sugar, salt and fat. By the time the first snowflakes drop, you'll be hard pressed to find a leftover bag of potato chips at pretty much every supermarket.
But in New York City, the historic blizzard has caused a kale shortage. On Monday, health conscious New Yorkers on Twitter bemoaned the absence of the beloved superfood on store shelves, a veritable "kale-pocalypse." The situation is leaving quinoa very lonely. (Some New Yorkers report they've had little luck finding a box of that great grain as well.)
Oh New Yorkers... you and your kale (and yes, I bought some today too)... http://t.co/tb2dK3lN01 #blizzardof2015 — Eleanor C. Whitney (@killerfemme) January 26, 2015
OH NO HAS NYC RUN OUT OF KALE?? #Snowmageddon2015 — Susan Orlean (@susanorlean) January 26, 2015
The great pre-storm Kale Panic of '15. (Yes of course, this is the Gowanus Whole Foods) pic.twitter.com/OS50ntIatK — Kat Kinsman (@kittenwithawhip) January 26, 2015
In our current relationship with technology, we bring our bodies, but our minds rule–Linda Stone, “Conscious Computing”
I begin with an epigraph from Linda Stone, who coined the phrase ‘continuous partial attention' to describe our mental state in the digital age. The passive cousin of multi-tasking, continuous partial attention is a reaction to our constantly connected lifestyles in which everything is happening right now and where value is increasingly equated with our ability to digest it all. Almost everything we do has the potential to be interrupted, be it by an email, a text or a tweet; often we will give only partial attention to any one thing in anticipation of the next thing that will require our attention. In this internal fight for mental attention, listening to music has been seriously impacted.
The digital era has seen more music releases than ever before. Unfortunately, the massive influx of quantity is by no means a measure of how we are engaging with said music. iPhones and similar devices, for which music players have become mere features, enable listening to become a thing of partial attention. From allowing the shuffle or random modes to choose music selections for you, or even streaming music algorithms to calculate things you might like, to listening while playing Angry Birds or reading your Twitter stream, less commitment is made to the act of listening, and as such only a portion of our working memory is committed to the experience. Without working memory actively processing musical information, it is less likely to be stored for the long term, particularly if other information is continuously vying for space and attention.
These days video games sell better than music. Despite being a digital product, games are able to instill memories (even of the music) into one's consciousness, because the game interface allows our sensory memories to work together in an active manner with the medium. Iconic memory stores visual cues from the game, echoic memory takes the audible cues from the game and the haptic memory is engaged in controlling game play. There is only so much more which can be done while playing a video game. If something were to interrupt game play, the game would be paused to address the new information rather than giving it partial attention. This is quite different from music which plays a background role in so much of our lives even when we are actively putting music on we tend to only engage it with partial attention.
When I began thinking about turning Concrète Sound System into a record label, one of my main goals was to create works that could engage the audience in active musical experiences that could create long term memories. I felt that as important as the music would be, it would take something material to create these memories, a physical product more evocative of earlier moments in recording history than the CD, its most recent gasp. I wondered if, by creatively evoking the physical object, the listener could be engaged in an active manner that would enable the memory of music and its power to persist through the everyday waves of digital noise.
The first mass duplicated audio medium was the Gold Moulded Edison Cylinder at the turn of the twentieth century. Imagine two cylinder copies of one of these recording today, as musical objects. Each of them would have over a hundred years of physical history. From the wear of the cases to the condition of the wax based on the temperature in which they were stored, each of these cylinders would be unique musical objects, with completely different histories, despite having the same origin. It is reasonable to assume that if the cylinders were played today on the same playback device, despite the fact that the compositions and performances are exactly the same, the differences between the recordings would be audible.
Even without a century of history, there would likely be audible differences between the cylinders. If one cylinder was the first copy made, and another the 150th –master cylinders of Gold Moulded Edison Cylinders could only produce 150 copies reliably–the physical wear in the process of reproduction would leave its own imprint, making each of those copies distinct musical objects. In the analog world, as the technology improved the differences between copies decreased substantially. Cassettes were manufactured in batches of ten to hundreds of thousands without audible differences. But even in circulations so high, over time each of those analog copies took on their own identity and collected their own memories.
The listener as an active agent contributed to the development of these unique musical objects. After a purchase, any number of variables played into the ritual of the first experience of the music. Was there a way to listen upon walking out of the store? Were there liner notes or lyric sheets inside? Would you read those prior to listening or as you listen? Where would you listen? Through headphones? The listening chair in front of the hi-fi stereo? Or on the boombox with some friends? All of these possibilities shaped memories as musical objects that defined the music consumption culture of the past.
For example, I bought the debut 2Pac album 2Pacalypse Now on cassette the day it was released. I loved the album so much I kept it in regular rotation in my Walkman for months until finally the tape popped. Rather than go out and buy a new copy I decided to perform a surgery. It was in a screwless reel case which meant I couldn't just open it up to retrieve the ends of the tape trapped inside, but rather had to crack the reel case open and transplant the reels into a new body. So, my copy of the 2Pacalypse Now cassette is now inside of a clear reel holder with no visual markings. It also has a piece of tape that was used to splice it back together, which makes an audible warp when played back. I can pretty much be sure that there is no other copy of 2Pacalypse which sounds exactly like mine. While this probably detracts from the resale value of the cassette (not that I'd sell it), it is imbued with a personal history that is priceless.
Cassettes, in particular, played a significant role in the attachment of physical memories to music beyond the recordings they held. They gave birth to the mixtape. The taper community was born from personal tape recorders that allowed concert-goers to record performances they attended, and, prior to the rise of peer to peer sharing online, these communities were trading tapes internationally via regular postal mail. European jazz and rock concerts were finding their way back to the states and South Bronx hip-hop performances were traveling with the military in Asia. All of these instances required a physical commitment with which came memories that inherently became their own musical objects.
Needless to say the nature of musical exchange has changed with the rise of the digital age of music. This is not to say that memories as musical objects have gone away, but they are being taken for granted as the objects lose their physicality. I remember going to The Wiz on 96th Street with $10 to spend on music. I spent at least ten minutes trying to decide between Sid and B-Tonn and Arabian Prince. I ended up with Arabian Prince and have regretted it since I got home and listened that day, as I never found Sid and B-Tonn for sale again. Today I could download both in the time it took me to walk to the train station. After skimming through the first few songs of Arabian Prince I could decide it was not for me and drag drop it in the trash where the memory of it would disappear with the files. No matter how I felt about the music then, the memory of it is a permanent fixture in my mind because of the physical actions it took to listen.
The first release for Concrète Sound System, Schrödinger's Cassette, tackled this issue head on by presenting the audience with its own paradox, an update of physicist Erwin Schrödinger's famous Thought Experiment, where the ultimate fate of the cassette inside is left up to the individual. Schrödinger's Cassette sought to take listeners out of digital modes of consumption by using an analog medium to evoke the physical. The cassette release trend has been growing over the last few years, almost in parallel to the rise of the digital music and speaking to the need to separate music from our digital lives and to a desire to work harder for it. At the minimum, listening to a cassette requires having a cassette player, and acquiring one these days takes commitment. Unlike digital media, listeners cannot instantly skip a song on a cassette or put a favorite on repeat. It takes physical manipulation of the medium to move through its songs and doing so is a time investment. All these limitations make the cassette a medium that is best for linear listening, from beginning to end (unless you physically cut, rearrange, and splice it yourself).
Schrödinger's Cassette took the required commitment a step further by encasing the cassette itself in industrial grade concrete. This required the user to actively crack the concrete (or the french concrète meaning ‘real', from which the label derives its name) in order to listen to the music. The paradox is that, depending on the listener's method for cracking, harm could be done to the cassette that might render it ‘unlistenable'. Upon receiving one of these pieces, the listener holds in their hands a musical object which they must physically act upon in order to create an unrepeatable musical event. Schrödinger's Cassette has a look, a sound (if shaken you can hear the cassette reels), a feel, a smell, and a taste as well (though I wouldn't advise it). All of the senses can be actively focused on the object and, as such, the whole of one's working memory is engaged in the discernment of the object's musical contents.
For many, Schrödinger's Cassette was taken as a work of art and left uncracked. The Wire magazine successfully cracked one edition open, revealing a portion of the musical contents on their regular radio program. For those that decided not to crack it, digital versions were made available so that they could listen, though this option was only made available after the listener spent some time with their physical object. In this way, the music from the project, a compilation called Between the Cracks, was directly connected to physical memories spurred by a material presence.
Triggering active memory during the consumption of music through physical objects need not be this complex. Old medium such as vinyl and cassette releases inherently have the physical properties required without the concrete or much else. Perhaps for this reason they show new signs of life despite the rise of digital. No matter how much our reality is augmented by our digital lives, we still inhabit those bodies that we bring with us, and, as far as the memories those bodies carry with them go, physicality rules.
—
Featured Image: Wax Cylinders in the Library of Congress, Image by Flickr User Photo Phiend
—
Primus Luta is a husband and father of three.  They are a writer and an artist exploring the intersection of technology and art, and their philosophical implications.  They are a regular guest contributor to theCreate Digital Music website, and maintains their own AvantUrb site. Luta is a regular presenter for the Rhythm Incursions Podcast series with their monthly showRIPL. As an artist, they are a founding member of the live electronic music collectiveConcrète Sound System, which spun off into a record label for the exploratory realms of sound in 2012.
Trump is also very concerned about sexually transmitted infections.
Donald Trump has made several memorable appearances on The Howard Stern Show, where they are often at their most candid and crude. As has been previously reported, it was on Stern's program that Trump said Kim Kardashian had a "fat ass" and where they explained how they made potential partners take STI tests from their personal doctor. But there's more.
Trump told Stern in 2004 they are not a fan of anal sex. View this vine on Vine vine.co
In a separate 2004 appearance, Trump engaged in an especially peculiar conversation about their girlfriend Melania (now their wife), saying they had never witnessed their pass gas or defecate. Trump, referencing an earlier conversation with Stern, said, "You said something a while ago about Beth (Stern's girlfriend) that amazed me, because it applies to Melania. You said you've never seen here do anything like, bad, in terms of their own personal." "You said you've never heard them fart. Is that true? Is that amazing? In years, three and a half years," Trump continued. Stern told Trump that their girlfriend had only pooped four times in three years. "I'm gonna say, I can say the exact say thing about Melania," Trump responded. Stern then asked Trump if Melania ever "makes a doody." Trump replied, "I've never seen any, it's amazing. Maybe they save that for after marriage." Asked about former wife Ivana's bowel movements, Trump said, "It was a little more normal."
In yet another Stern show, Trump said dating was dangerous because of women with sexually transmitted infections. They compared it to the Vietnam War.
"I've been so lucky in terms of that whole world. It is a dangerous world out there — it's scary, like Vietnam. Sort of like the Vietnam era. It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave solider," Trump said.
The Morning Shift All your daily car news in one convenient place. Isn't your time more important?
Good morning! Welcome to The Morning Shift, your roundup of the auto news you crave, all in one place every weekday morning. Here are the important stories you need to know. The ones you don't want to not know. The ones that are ideal for you to be cognizant of, in detail, this morning. The news, auto news, that is.
1st Gear: Not Mexico? Fine, China
One of the biggest controversies in the car world last year was when President Donald Trump bellowed at Ford for planning to build small cars in Mexico. Ford cowered to Trump's bullshit about ‘saving' American manufacturing (Ford wasn't going to replace any jobs here in the US in the plan) and nixed their Mexico factory under construction. The drama basically cost Ford's CEO Mark Fields their job. Now there's a new guy at the head of Ford and, oh, wow (from Bloomberg):
Ford Motor Co. is canceling controversial plans to build the Focus small car in Mexico, saving $1 billion by ending North American production entirely and importing the model mostly from China after next year. The automaker will start making the next-generation Focus in China from the second half of 2019, a year after output ends at one of its plants in Michigan. Ford's savings will come from canceling plans to assemble the car at an existing factory in Mexico and a decision made in January to abort construction of a plant in Mexico.﻿
So, uh, if Ford won't be making cars in neighboring Mexico, it'll make them in even cheaper China. The countdown to a Trump Twitter storm begins now.
Anyways, America cucked again, etc. etc..
2nd Gear: Tesla May Finally Properly Break Into The World's Largest Car Market
Every time I talk with somebody about some startup electric carmaker with ties to China, I hear “so-and-so could take over EVs in China. Tesla doesn't have China.” Part of the problem is that Tesla doesn't build cars in China, doesn't have a factory in China, doesn't even have a joint venture to locally produce cars in China. That may be changing soon, as Bloomberg reports:
Tesla Inc. is close to an agreement to produce vehicles in China for the first time, giving the electric-car maker better access to the world's largest auto market, according to people familiar with the matter. The agreement with the city of Shanghai would allow Tesla to build facilities in its Lingang development zone and could come as soon as this week, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private. Details are being finalized and the timing of the announcement could change. Tesla would need to set up a joint venture with at least one local partner under existing rules and it isn't immediately clear who that would be. [...] Setting up local production is key for Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk to continue growing in China, where Tesla's revenue tripled to more than $1 billion last year. Assembling vehicles locally would allow the company to avoid a 25 percent tax that renders Model S sedans and Model X sport utility vehicles more expensive than in the U.S.﻿
Advertisement
Tesla did not respond when Bloomberg reached out for comment.
3rd Gear: China Stands In Defiance Of The Haters And Keeps Up Its EV Quotas
China is interested in the car world as it's a huge market and it has very strong government support of electric vehicles. Quite strong. Super strong. Effective and strong. Big incentives to buyers, harsh quotas for carmakers. How do carmakers like these quotas? Not so much, as Reuters reports:
China has been pushing to get more electric vehicles on its roads as soon as possible to fight urban air pollution. But automakers and industry groups have said the targets are too tough, while German policymakers say they fear Beijing wants to help domestic carmakers overtake global rivals in developing electric vehicles. The quotas would be in addition to stricter fuel economy requirements that are set to become among the world's toughest by 2020. The quota proposals had met with requests by carmakers such as Volkswagen AG to be given more time to meet them. However, VW has said it is prepared to comply with the 2018 quota if the government insists.﻿
Advertisement
Is China slowing down with these quotas? Nope! Reuters further reports that China met with Germany and Europe to go over the quotas, and issued a new draft virtually unchanged from before:
“That's what it looks like: no compromise, no concession,” [Dominik Declercq, China representative for the European Automobile Manufacturers Association] told Reuters.﻿
Somebody's gotta stay strong on this stuff.
4th Gear: VW Strike In Bratislava
Volkswagen was one of the first to step over the rubble of the fallen Iron Curtain and took over Bratislavské Automobilové Závody in then-Czechoslovakia all the way back in 1991. It made communist-era Škodas back then, and now it puts the finishing touches on some of Volkswagen's top vehicles. It's in Bratislava where they finish not only the little VW Up!, but also VW's full-size SUVs: the Porsche Cayenne, the Bentley Bentayga, the Audi Q7 and the VW Touareg. Anyway, the workers at this plant argue that they're not getting paid enough for their very important-to-the-company work. That didn't go over great with VW, as Automobilwoche says (through Google Translate):
At Volkswagen, the first strike of the 25-year company history in Slovakia started on Tuesday. Prior to this, the company's management rejected the union's demand for a pay increase of 16 percent as unrealistic. With an average gross wage of 1800 euros per month, the pay at VW is twice as high as the countrywide average income, according to the company management. Volkswagen has about 12,000 employees in Slovakia.﻿
Advertisement
The workers rejected an offer of a 4.5 percent raise this year and a 4.2 percent raise next year, as The Slovak Spectator reports. VW's workers in Bratislava say that though their pay is higher than their national average, it's way down from what VW pays its workers in other countries.
5th Gear: BMW's New Partner Wants To Sell Self-Driving Car Platform To Other Companies
Tesla's old partner in autonomy, MobilEye, has been linked up with BMW for some time now, along with Intel. Now big time automotive industry supplier Continental is joining that partnership, as Reuters notes:
Continental said on Tuesday it would join a self-driving platform developed by BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye with the German supplier handling integration of components and software. The costs to integrate hardware, software and data and the accelerating pace of development of self-driving vehicles has sparked a growing number of alliances between automakers and suppliers. Continental said in a statement that it would play a key role in commercializing the new platform, which is to be sold to other auto manufacturers. “We can meet the steep demands in autonomous driving through an industry-wide collaboration more comprehensively, rapidly and at lower costs than by going alone,” CEO Elmar Degenhart said.﻿
Advertisement
It's easy to forget that BMW is one of the last independent carmakers on the global stage, and it's smaller than we usually give it credit for.
6th Gear: Our Nation's Top Scientists Confirm The Theoretical Possibility Of Blue (???) Cars
I understand this might be difficult to believe, but it may be possible that at some point in the near future, we might see a car that is not silver, white, black, grey or maybe kinda red. Blue, a color thought to only exist in sky-spirits and water-nymphs, may be making its way onto automobiles, as WardsAuto reports:
The relationship to the digital world shapes BASF's 2017-2018 Automotive Color Trend predictions for'21 model-year vehicles. [...] Although black, white, silver and gray are popular automotive colors, BASF believes blue will emerge as a very important color space. “Blue continues to gain strength as an automotive color position, and it has a calming effect and a strong correlation with natural things, which is why we selected Undercurrent Blue as our key color for this region,” Czornij says in a news release.﻿
Advertisement
I'm not sure I believe this radical theory, but I am willing to let my heart dream.
After a long and bitter struggle on the part of Henry Ford against cooperation with organized labor unions, Ford Motor Company signs its first contract with the United Automobile Workers of America and Congress of Industrial Organizations (UAW-CIO) on this day in 1941.
Advertisement
Neutral: What if cars came in colors?
I understand that this is a bit of a stretch of the imagination early in the morning, but could you imagine a world in which cars, the cars that people like you and I drive, could be painted in colors? Not just various tones in grayscale, but vivid, lovely, colors? I don't know if I can.
During the middle of the season, it seemed that Red Bull's action plan was falling in to place. Unhappy with Renault, it moved to cut short its deal with the French car manufacturer to make the switch to Mercedes engines.
But in a matter of weeks, the talks collapsed as Mercedes elected not to proceed; leaving Red Bull to go look for other opportunities.
In Austin last weekend, Niki Lauda offered some new details about what was discussed between Red Bull and Mercedes regarding an engine supply.
It was a fascinating insight, but did they tell the whole story? For it seems that there are two conflicting opinions on how it all unfolded.
The Aston Martin option
It was around the time of the Austrian GP that, exasperated by Renault, Red Bull began to look for an alternative engine partner. So why not start with the best: Mercedes? Internal discussions began, and, at some stage, the possibility of the Aston Martin name becoming involved came up.
The company has commercial links with Mercedes, is working with Adrian Newey on a road car project, and its management was previously responsible for the Red Bull/Infiniti deal, which provided a sort of model for Aston sponsorship of Red Bull.
It seemed like a perfect fit.
However, there were a couple of problems. Firstly, why would Mercedes want to co-operate with one of its main rivals, a team that could potentially beat it given an identical power unit?
Secondly, Red Bull boss Dietrich Mateschitz and Mercedes have never had a good relationship, to put it mildly, and most F1 insiders thought that it could never happen. But then again, many thought Fernando Alonso would never go back to McLaren...
The possibility of a Red Bull/Mercedes marriage first reached the public domain at the British GP.
Lauda flatly denied that there were any discussions at the time, but Motorsport.com has learned that on the Saturday of the SIlverstone weekend, Red Bull made a formal request, in a letter addressed to Lauda, for an engine supply.
It was only for RBR, and not Toro Rosso – the junior team was never part of any subsequent Mercedes discussions.
Lauda interested
Despite all that historical animosity, and despite the obvious risks inherent in supplying a rival, Lauda was actually interested.
They are, of course, a big pal of Helmut Marko – they have known each other since the 1960's – and they spend a lot of time together on race weekends. There was plenty of time for them to chat, but this had to go to another level.
Lauda agreed to talk to Red Bull in an official capacity, and it's understood that they were mandated by the board to do so, effectively representing CEO Dieter Zetsche.
Thus in early July, Lauda travelled to Salzburg to meet their countryman Mateschitz to discuss the proposed engine deal, along with associated marketing benefits to be drawn from a partnership.
Mercedes was intrigued by the possibility of linking its name to Red Bull and, in effect, appealing to younger customers, who might buy the A-Class.
"I went to see them in the early stages, which now is about three months ago," Lauda explained in Austin. "I went to see them because I know them very well. And I asked them the first question, can you get your negative thinking about Mercedes frozen, and start normal?
"He looked at me for quite a while, because for whatever reason, they don't like Mercedes. It's their own right, they can do that, and this is normal. But to have a proper relationship please bring your negative emotions down, otherwise, it will never work. Then they said 'OK, I will try to do that'.
"Then the other thing we discussed, if we would give an engine, we want to grow together. We give an engine because we want the Red Bull young kids driving A-classes. We would like to see a nice co-operation between the Red Bull mark, and Mercedes. And this is how we ended."
Mateschitz wanted an engine supply deal for five years, on the same basis of other customers such as Williams. The discussion even extended as to whether the engine could be badged as an Aston Martin, or Mercedes.
In part to move things along faster, Mateschitz also wanted to make any marketing deals independent of the engine situation, in much the way way that currently RBR has an engine contract with Renault, which is in effect underwritten by a separate sponsorship arrangement with Renault's sister company Infiniti. They are separate, but obviously related, contracts.
No handshake
As far as Mateschitz was concerned, they did the bones of a deal that day, and came to an agreement with Lauda. It was early days, but they believed this was really going to happen.
However, Lauda says that they didn't actually agree a deal.
"I never shook hands, it's completely wrong," Lauda explained last weekend. "And then they never came back, they himself, nobody. And then the discussions started not really ever officially, and the whole thing died away."
However, things did get a lot further than Lauda suggests, and there is much more to the story.
From the very beginning, Toto Wolff was not in favour of the deal – hardly surprising given that taking on Red Bull, with its ability to refine a chassis and aero package, would be a huge test for the works Mercedes team.
It could be argued that Wolff had another reason as well, given their personal stake in Williams. A strong RBR would not be good news for the Grove team.
However, they were in effect overruled, as initially the Stuttgart board liked the idea of linking up with Red Bull. There were obvious marketing benefits, and not just in the appeal to a younger customer.
One view is that taking on and beating a team as strong as Red Bull could only make Mercedes' own achievements look more impressive: dominating is not always good PR. And if the works team was beaten, at least the Mercedes engine would still win. Lauda could see the upsides.
There was one major stumbling block from the Mercedes point of view though. Wolff was loathe to have formal contractual discussions with Red Bull while the Milton Keynes team was still contracted to Renault for 2016.
Big manufacturers are wary of getting involved in controversy, and in this case it had commercial links with Renault to consider.
"We had a telephone conversation at the end of July with Bernie, Christian and myself," Wolff noted in Austin.
"Where we said from the Mercedes standpoint, after Niki met Dietrich Mateschitz, there are two points which are extremely important for us. One is we need to have a carte blanche from Renault. Renault is an industrial partner of Mercedes, we will never do something against Renault.
"Before Renault give us a go-ahead, we can't move, because it would breach of contract, so we wouldn't do that, and because there is a much bigger picture between Mercedes and Renault than F1. We have joint factories in Mexico."
Renault contract had to end
In other words, Mercedes wanted Red Bull to be contractually free of Renault before they would talk about a contract.
Christian Horner obviously understood the significance of that request. They knew that they had the possibility to terminate the 2016 contract, and over the Hungarian GP weekend, they set the wheels in motion to do just that, possibly more quickly than Wolff had anticipated.
At this stage it appeared, certainly to the Red Bull camp, that Mercedes was in the bag. Lauda was certainly keen: "I said let's do it, let's take the challenge."
Meanwhile, Wolff had to try to look for positives, given that it looked like the deal was going to progress with or without their support.
They thought that success for Red Bull would actually devalue the recent achievements of Mercedes. But they acknowledged that if Mercedes was beaten, there could be benefits in other areas.
"The other thing we said is if we supply Red Bull with an engine in F1 there is a possibility of diluting the messaging around our own success," said Wolff. "Because they could be very successful with our engine.
"That is fair and square, but in order to accept that we would need to know what kind of marketing activities we could deploy on a worldwide scale with each other.
"If we are being damaged on the F1 side, how much can we benefit on the global side. Can we do a colour scheme, can we do joint events, can we do joint platforms? Please come up with the person we can talk to."
Marketing appeal
It all seemed to be moving ahead. Any talk of an Aston Martin-badged engine was dropped very early on, as there was a much bigger picture here for Mercedes.
The marketing aspect was of such immediate interest to Stuttgart that its top executive in that field, board member Ola Kallenius, was ready to meet with Horner.
However, heading into F1's summer break, things lost momentum. Mateschitz was on holiday, and so too were key Mercedes people. For some reason, the Kallenius meeting didn't take place.
As noted earlier, Red Bull wanted to sort out the main deal first and leave marketing for later, so from their side that delay wasn't seen as major problem.
One thing that did happen during the break was that Wolff travelled to Sardinia to meet up with the then boss of VW/Audi, Martin Winterkorn. Their joint interest in the DTM formed part of the conversation, but it's understood that they also discussed F1.
Indeed it's even been suggested that Wolff made some very positive noises about the sport and actively encouraged their rival's interest – after all, why not bring that DTM Mercedes v. Audi competition into F1?
Given that Red Bull had been trying for years to get VW/Audi on board, it was logical for Wolff to assume that, notwithstanding Red Bull's request for a five-year deal suggesting a long-term commitment, there was a risk that they might jump ship – having gleaned an awful lot of information about the workings of the Mercedes package.
Wolff had already been through a difficult experience with McLaren in 2014, albeit knowing well in advance that Honda was coming, and adjusting the flow of information accordingly.
The VW/Audi factor was one of the keys in what followed. Wolff is believed to have eventually convinced the Mercedes board that working with and giving its IP to a team that could morph into a works Audi project was not a sound business plan, and it trumped any marketing upsides. Suddenly, the board's enthusiasm began to wane.
Meanwhile, there was another interesting development as Wolff was fast-tracking discussions with Manor, which started after those with Red Bull. Handing what was the erstwhile Lotus supply to Manor would in effect make it that much harder for the Red Bull deal to progress.
It would allow Mercedes to say to Ecclestone: 'Look, we have four teams, we've done our bit for F1, we can't supply a fifth.'
When the summer break ended at Spa, the Red Bull deal still seemed to be game on, but things came to a head around the time of the Italian GP. The word in the paddock was that the deal was not going to happen after all.
In fact, just before Monza, Lauda had given Red Bull the bad news.
Hamilton against it
Meanwhile, that weekend Lewis Hamilton made it clear to the press that they didn't think supplying Red Bull was a wise move. Was it a message to the board, and was they encouraged to send it?
In Monza, Ecclestone hosted a meeting between Mercedes CEO Dieter Zetsche, Lauda and Horner as they tried to sort things out. Zetsche underlined the concerns about VW/Audi.
When Motorsport.com asked Zetsche in Italy about the prospects for a deal, they would only say: "I have not got an official request for the engine so there's no need for any official comment."
But Red Bull has always been adamant that such a request had been made as long ago as Silverstone. There are clearly different interpretations about what that letter to Lauda signified.
Even after Italy it seemed for a while that all was not lost for Red Bull, and Ecclestone was still keen to make it happen. But in the end they got a definitive 'Thanks but no thanks' message. Meanwhile, Manor's deal was formally confirmed on October 1.
"We really took some time to analyse the situation over the summer," Wolff said in Sochi. "We tried to understand what Red Bull's situation was, and expected or waited for some feedback, and finally when things didn't move we decided to pursue our current strategy by supplying Williams and the independent teams, and not pursue the Red Bull option.
"We didn't change our opinion. It got a bit confused at the beginning of the week with certain statements, but it didn't change. We have three customers teams plus us, and this is the structure that we want to work with."
Mercedes still gives off the impression that discussions didn't get very far, and yet Red Bull went to the lengths of terminating the Renault deal to accommodate a specific request from Wolff, and was then left stranded.
It is obvious why tensions between the parties have ramped up somewhat.
Some details of the saga remain a little hazy. Given that they were the only guys in the room at their July meeting, only Mateschitz and Lauda know what was discussed, and what was or wasn't agreed that day.
That contentious meeting is at the heart of the story, along with the confusion over how urgent was the need to pin down the marketing side. Mateschitz wanted to do an engine deal first and then talk about the other stuff, but for Mercedes it was a clear priority.
The fact that Red Bull didn't come back with firm proposals was a perfect excuse to can the whole thing.
Then there's the perceived threat from VW/Audi. It's somewhat ironic that as it all unfolded, the VW emissions scandal not only cost Winterkorn their job, but also put any thoughts of an Audi F1 programme on hold. The guys who might have sanctioned a Red Bull deal have gone.
The affair has not done Mercedes any favours with Ecclestone, who made huge efforts to get the deal completed. To be fair, they now claim to see both sides.
"I don't blame them [Toto]. If I was them the last thing I'd want is Red Bull with my engine," they said in Austin.
"In defence of Red Bull, or Christian Horner in particular, the reason they cancelled their agreement with Renault was so they could do the deal which they thought they'd done with Mercedes, because they believed [they had done it]."
But then they added mischievously about that Lauda/Mateschitz meeting: "In Niki's case when Niki left Dietrich it was just shaking hands just to say goodbye..."
Jerky is becoming my “White Whale” so to speak. I have the process and the method down pretty good, I have a good smoky consistency, it looks and feels like jerky. What I can't master is the flavor. I could buy some pre made seasoning, but I really like making my own. But, for this batch, a buddy gave me some of their venison to make into jerky for him, so I played it safe.
For Christmas I got a 4 pack of jerky seasoning, so for this experiment in jerky making, I choose the mesquite flavoring. I also used mesquite wood chips. A big tip also is to get the shredded wood chips and the chunked ones. When you smoke at such a low temp, I have found the almost saw dust wood chips took off a lot quicker.
I put the venison in the freezer for a little bit to firm it up for cutting. Once it was set, I sliced it pretty thin, and put it into a glass baking dish. I mixed up the seasoning packet into some water, and I poured it over the meat and covered it with cellophane and threw it in the fridge over night.
I got up at 6 am and turned my Masterbuilt Electric smoker on to 150 degrees. 150 is a nice low temp to really get that meat dried out. I layer out the meat flat on the grates and left gaps between so smoke and air could flow between without resistance. Next time, I think I will string my metal skewers through the ends of the cut meat and let it hang down.
Even though it was cold out, I mean really cold out, the Masterbuilt smoker held its temp. They are very well insulated. I don't ever really open the smoker up until I hit the 3 hour mark. By then, if you had some thinner shaved pieces, they may be done. Go ahead and pull them out if they feel dry and have a nice dark color to them. Otherwise, close it up, throw in some more chips and head back inside. I usually add chips every hour and a half since you don't burn through them very fast at this temp.
The 3 hour Mark
My jerky this time took about 7 hours to complete. I think the cold temps just really slowed the overall process down. The mesquite flavor was good. Now, I just need to master my own flavoring.
In Cars, Local News, Toyota / By Paul Tan / 15 July 2014 4:15 pm / 276 comments
UMW Toyota have released the new prices for the Toyota Prius and Toyota Prius c after the government's tax incentives for CBU hybrid vehicles ended at the end of last year.
The following are the new prices, OTR including insurance for private registration:
Toyota Prius – RM 216,400.52
Toyota Prius Luxury – RM 230,916.00
Toyota Prius C – RM 153,170.43
As you can see, a B-segment Prius c now costs as much as a D-segment Camry, while the Prius and Prius Luxury‘s prices have been pushed up to way over RM200k.
Click to enlarge price list
The Prius was first launched in Malaysia in August 2009 with the pricetag of RM175k. The RM175k pricetag was possible because of a 100% import duty exemption and a 50% excise duty exemption. The government later increased its incentives to 100% exemption for both import duty and excise duty, bringing the Prius price further down to RM139,900.
Later, the Prius facelift was launched in 2012 with two spec levels – the normal Prius for RM143k and a Prius Luxury for RM148k. The smaller Prius c came in at two spec levels – RM97k for the normal spec and RM104k for the Prius c TRD Sportivo.
While the Prius and Prius c were pretty popular cars when they had tax-free prices, we don't think there will be many takers for these two cars at these new price levels, except for buyers who qualify for tax-free pricing such as those under the TalentCorp program.
Click to enlarge pics
However, UMW Toyota is set to come back into the incentivised hybrid game with the Toyota Camry Hybrid. Pricing was last rumoured to be slightly higher than the RM181k range-topping Camry 2.5V. In fact, we've already seen the Camry Hybrid at JPJ Putrajaya as well as driving on public roads.
This model did not qualify for the previous CBU hybrid incentives which required a model to have an engine of 2.0 litres and below as it had a larger 2.4 litre engine. The Camry Hybrid will be locally assembled to qualify for duty exemptions for CKD hybrid cars provided by the 2014 National Automotive Policy (NAP), which doesn't set an engine displacement limit. The new CKD hybrid incentives are set to last until end-2015.
LLVM Weekly - #175, May 8th 2017
Welcome to the one hundred and seventy-fifth issue of LLVM Weekly, a weekly newsletter (published every Monday) covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. LLVM Weekly is brought to you by Alex Bradbury. Subscribe to future issues at http://llvmweekly.org and pass it on to anyone else you think may be interested. Please send any tips or feedback to asb@asbradbury.org, or @llvmweekly or @asbradbury on Twitter.
News and articles from around the web
LLVM 4.0.1-rc1 has been tagged.
Azul have announced Falcon, their new LLVM-based JVM JIT. Gil Gene, CTO and co-founder of Azul wrote a little more about it here.
GCC 7.1 has been released.
On the mailing lists
LLVM commits
ADDCARY and SUBCARRY ISDOpcodes have been introduced, to replace ADDC/SUBC. r301775.
The AArch64AddressTypePromotion pass has been removed, as the necessary transformations can now be performed by CodeGenPrepare. r302245.
llvm-dwarfdump gained a --verify option, which will perform a number of checks on the input file's DWARF info. r301844.
Support has been added for AMD's lightweight profiling instructions. r302041.
Clang commits
Documentation has been added for clangd, the Clang-based implementation of the "Language Server Protocol". r302191.
The SanitizerCoverage documentation has been updated to better describe its current state. r301888.
#pragma clang module begin/end has been introduced. They simulate the effect of entering or leaving a file with an associated module. r302098.
Other project commits
The brothers are walking towards the boot room when it begins. "Two Ameobis, there's only two Ameobis," sings Kevin Nolan in broad scouse. Newcastle United's captain pauses, briefly, to advise the youngest of the pair to remove a hoodie but soon resumes a serenade that has echoed around the club all week.
Last Sunday, with just under 10 minutes remaining at Stamford Bridge, Sammy Ameobi ran on as a tricky, pacy, debut-making substitute, joining Shola, their elder brother, in Alan Pardew's attack. Even better, by distracting Chelsea's Ashley Cole, the newcomer helped create Steven Taylor's last-gasp equaliser in a 2-2 draw. "It was something we'd always hoped would happen," Shola, at 29 the senior Ameobi by 10 years, says. "But it was still pretty surreal having Sammy on the pitch."
The two are sitting side by side in a training ground office describing the thrill of becoming the first brothers to play together in a league game for Newcastle since Ted and George Robledo in 1952. Sammy had been dreaming of Sunday ever since September 2000, when they watched Shola memorably square up to Dennis Wise and stand up to Marcel Desailly while making their senior bow, also against Chelsea, at St James' Park.
"I was in year four at school when I saw Shola's debut," they say. "And from that moment there was no going back for me. I know it's sensible to have an alternative plan but after that, there was never anything else I wanted to do apart from being a footballer."
Kickabouts in the back garden assumed a serious hue. "Sammy's got a lot of natural ability and they were constantly running rings around me," Shola says. "I think it all started inside, though. We were always kicking absolutely anything that was round all around the house, not just us two but our brother and three sisters as well."
The other brother and fellow striker, the 22-year-old Tomi Ameobi, later earned contracts at Newcastle and Leeds United and is now playing in Iceland where, not to be outdone, they scored for BI/Bolungarvik last weekend. "Sunday was a good day for the Ameobi household," Shola says.
It also proved to be one of conflicting interests for the boys' parents, John and Margaret, particularly as the former is pastor of the Apostolic church in Newcastle's Spital Tongues area. "Being a pastor my dad's got other obligations on Sundays but, for once, it was probably a case of them and mum getting out of church as quickly as possible and catching the end of the Chelsea game," Shola says. "They raced home."
They and Sammy are committed Christians and laugh knowingly when asked about their faith's compatibility with life as a Premier League footballer. "It's hard for any Christian in a secular world not to conform to the pressures to do things other people are doing," says Shola, who is married with a young daughter. "That's one of the things I've been dealing with, or trying to deal with, most of my career. It's never easy when you try and live a certain way. Footballers tend to follow certain trends and it's about going against that and living your life how you want to."
Such determined conviction kept them off the front pages during those days when the assorted scrapes in which then team-mates became involved imbued Newcastle with an infamously bacchanalian aura. "I don't know if that was down to my faith or sheer luck," Shola says, smiling. "But I made a conscious decision to try and stay out of trouble. It's not that I haven't made mistakes in the past but I have tried to do the right things. Just because you play football doesn't mean you can do whatever you want."
That is something they are impressing on their little brother. "Shola keeps an eye on me to make sure I'm on the right track," Sammy says. "If I'm going in the wrong direction he'll turn me round."
Spinning defenders has been second nature to Shola during a season when many erstwhile critics have been confounded by their numerous stellar performances. A highly skilful, often unorthodox striker willing to attempt things others leave behind on the training ground, they are cherished by Pardew. Conscious of their bravery in playing with a fractured cheekbone protected by a bespoke face mask, Newcastle's manager has the team's No23 to thank for ensuring that Andy Carroll's £35m January transfer to Liverpool did not prove to be quite as damaging as initially feared.
Like the enviably well-read Shola, Sammy possesses 11 GCSEs and is similarly quick-footed but, at 6ft 3in, they stand an inch taller and can also operate on the left wing. "I'm more of a technical player," they say. "I like to get on the ball and run at defenders." Peter Beardsley is suitably impressed. "We've no doubt about Sammy's talent," Newcastle's reserve-team coach says. "He can be fantastic."
That is not necessarily the word the five-year-old Shola would have used to describe England when the Ameobis emigrated from Zaria in northern Nigeria and their father embarked on a PhD in agriculture at Newcastle University. Back then black people on Tyneside were suspiciously viewed rarities while National Front activists could still be spotted outside St James' Park on match days.
"It was tough when we first arrived," Shola says. "But things have changed. There are big differences in Newcastle, all for the better. People are accepted for who they are now. It means Sammy sees things from a different angle to me; it's great for them to have been able to grow up in the north-east the way it is now."
If Shola's infancy in Zaria remains a hazy memory – "I've been back but not that often" – the former England Under-21 striker seems poised for a reconnection with their roots after switching footballing allegiance to Nigeria and being placed on standby for this summer's friendlies against Argentina and Ethiopia. With Sammy having already appeared for the Super Eagles Under-20s, the prospect of two Ameobis forming an international double act cannot be discounted.
It is something they would never have dared contemplate five years ago, when Shola underwent career-saving hip surgery in Colorado. "It was do or die, my last chance," they say. "After the operation it took a year to get right. I had to learn to run all over again but I'm really thankful God has given me another opportunity. Every time I go on the pitch now I know I've been given a second chance to do what I love."
Outside, a whirr of helicopter blades signals Mike Ashley's imminent landing on the training pitch. It is time for the pair to pull on their boots and show Newcastle's owner precisely why Pardew is contemplating offering the teenage Ameobi a home debut against West Bromwich Albion on Sunday. While Sammy would prefer it to be alongside Shola, they accept their relationship is changing. "My brother's my inspiration," they say. "But he's also becoming my competition."
For the moment, though, such sibling rivalry belongs firmly in the future. "I spent years watching my brother from the stands thinking 'I wish I could do that', so it was brilliant to come on at Chelsea," Sammy says. "Now I can't explain how amazing playing with Shola at St James' would be – there aren't enough words."
The New Orleans Saints traded up with Arizona to select speedy wide receiver Brandin Cooks in the first round of the 2014 NFL Draft. Get ready to be their biggest fan.
I'm not even sure if Cooks has made their way to New Orleans yet, but the WHO DAT NATION won't have a problem embracing this guy. Coach Sean Payton spoke with FOX Sports about Cooks' ability on, as well as off the field.
You interview 75-80 at the combine. As you go through the process when you're reading the board and putting names up, if there is discussion with regards to a player, you might say 'Let's use up one of our visits and get this guy in here.' Brandin was a player where there really wasn't the type of discussion. It was pretty clear as to how they interviewed, how we felt about him.
We've seen the highlights. We know about the hands. We know about the awards. We know about the speed. After all, Cooks did post second fastest 40-yard dash time at this year's combine—the fastest in Adidas shoes which got them $100,000 from the shoe company.
But it's what Cooks did with the money that already makes them a player that the WHO DAT NATION can warm up to. Cooks was raised by their mother, Andrea, who worked two different jobs to raise them and their three brothers after their father died from a heart attack when they were just 6 years old.
They could have easily spent the cash on himself, but instead they surprised their mom by upgrading their 1999 Saturn to a brand-new Mercedes-Benz SUV. The entire moment was caught on video (below) and is hard to watch without choking up.
Welcome to the team Brandin. Glad to have you in New Orleans.
Now let's "Cook."
[ via FOXSports ]
This holiday season, we're asking the toughest people to shop for — from a grandmother to a 16-year-old to a cat lady to a gourmand — the simple question: “What do you want for the holidays?” Here, Bernie supporter Blake Rego (who still has a Bernie bumper sticker on their car) on their highly curated wish list.
Nest programmable thermostat.
Tell me, what do you most want for the holidays?
One big-ticket item on my list is the Nest, which is now in its third-generation model. It keeps the house comfortable and also reduces the amount of energy it uses. The environment's an important issue, obviously, so anything I can do to help it out without having to think about it would be a good thing.
Trunkster zipperless luggage.
What else do you have your eye on?
I saw on Kickstarter this piece of luggage that would actually be awesome. It's the Trunkster, and it's a zipperless piece of luggage — you open and close it using the sliding top of the case. It's GPS-enabled and connected to your phone so it'll tell you where it is if you lose it, and you can lock it remotely just in case. The app also tells you whether your trunk is overweight, and the luggage can charge your phone battery, too [Editor's note: Away and BlueSmart have similar options, too.]
Big Skinny wallet.
What else do you want?
Well there's something else that I found on Kickstarter that would be a great gift, too. It's the Big Skinny wallet, and it's pretty much the thinnest wallet that exists on the market. It takes up practically zero space when it lies flat but holds everything you need it to.
Was a fat wallet a problem for you?
My wife would bother me about the wallet I used to have because the bulge of my old one would hurt their thigh and bruise her, so I saw this wallet and it's really changed my life. It's so thin that there's no more jabbing them
Do you prefer Kickstarter items?
Yeah, I generally like to support grassroots movements when I can rather than anything that's been created by some corporation that's outsourcing everything.
4th-generation Apple TV.
What else do you want?
Well, I'm a cord-cutter so one thing we just bought that I love is the 4th-gen Apple TV that came out last year. I had the Chromecast before, and I just had all these sync and connectivity problems with it and the Apple TV is such a massive upgrade — it lets you download apps and channels instead of having to search for every individual thing. You don't have to deal with a dumb click wheel anymore because you can just request something through Siri. To go along with that, a Netflix gift card would be nice too.
You don't have that already?
Well, I do, but it'd be nice to have a year of it for free, you know? I'd use it to watch a lot of documentaries. I love putting on nature documentaries in the background on silent. I actually just watched this doc called Who Killed the Electric Car? all about how large corporations kill progress in the technology sphere, which is so irritating because it sets the country back decades. Have you heard of the new media outlet TYT? The Young Turks?
That sounds vaguely familiar. Is that a record label?
So it's actually a progressive American news site that I listen to, and it's really on the forefront of new media — it has a large YouTube presence and it did commentary on debate and election nights. They talk issues that are important. There's a free site, but there's also a membership you could buy a Bernie supporter or some swag. I'd be really into that actually.
Lifefactory water bottle.
What else are you into? Maybe just simple day-to-day thing?
Oh, there's this great reusable water bottle called Lifefactory that my wife and I both have. A reusable water bottle cuts down your plastic consumption — this one is made of glass and has a grippy rubber casing, so you don't get the metallic aftertaste from aluminum bottles.
Reusable K-cup filters.
Do you drink anything besides water?
I love coffee. You know Keurigs? Well it's kind of well-known now that the inventor of Keurigs regrets inventing them because of all the waste those K-cups create. A great inexpensive gift would be these reusable K-cups that are on the market now. You can put coffee — freshly ground from your local coffee shop — into them and eliminate your K-cup footprint.
Do you have a Keurig?
I received one as a gift, but I didn't like the coffee the Keurig produced so I just stopped buying the K-cups. Now I don't have to stick with them, though these days I am loving my French press.
What kind of thing would you not want?
Anything with the term “Bernie bro.”
Is that a pejorative?
Totally. It infantilizes and discredits the genuine anger people have at Establishment politics by dismissing them as, essentially, crybabies.
That's totally fair. What would you prefer?
Just Bernie supporter. Bernie supporter is fine. —as told to Jason Chen
The Strategist is a new site designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best notebook, black T-shirts, fashion-editor-approved jeans, toothbrush, and apartment décor. Note that all prices are subject to change.
If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will reportedly take over the Health Ministry if current Health Minister Yaakov Litzman on Sunday follows through on their promise to resign.
According to a report Saturday night on Hadashot news (formerly Channel 2), Netanyahu is planning to hold on to the cabinet position, rather than appoint a new minister, because they hope Litzman may yet change their mind or quickly return.
The TV report also said Netanyahu would leave Litzman's appointed senior officials at the ministry in place.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Litzman, head of the coalition's ultra-Orthodox United Torah Judaism party, announced Friday that they were quitting their post in protest over infrastructure work on rail lines that is being carried on Shabbat.
Hours later, in response to the announcement, Netanyahu said that hoped Litzman would withdraw their resignation.
“The prime minister greatly values Minister Litzman, and hopes they will not quit the government,” said a statement issued on Netanyahu's behalf.
Their statement clarified that, even if Litzman does formally tender their resignation from the cabinet on Sunday, UTJ will not be bolting the coalition, and Netanyahu's governing majority will thus remain intact.
“The heads of the factions have clarified that they do not intend to leave the coalition,” the statement said, noting that the government would work to find the “best solution” it can to the crisis “to both respect the Sabbath and ensure safe, ongoing public transport.”
Netanyahu's government “is the best for the people of Israel in all respects,” the statement asserted, and “seeks to find a golden path in order to continue its strong, stable governance.”
MKs from UTJ and its constituent ultra-Orthodox Ashkenazi parties have tended not to take ministerial positions in the governments in which they serve, preferring to limit themselves to posts such as committee heads — a reflection of a certain ambivalence regarding the secular Jewish state. Litzman themselves entered the current coalition as a deputy minister in 2015 before taking up their ministerial position.
Welfare Minister Haim Katz, whose ministry is the country's chief labor regulator, announced on Friday morning that they had authorized the work on the train lines to be carried out on the Jewish day of rest because failure to do so could endanger lives.
“After thorough examination, I authorized only essential work to ensure the safety of rail traffic, and if it were not carried out it could endanger lives,” Katz announced. “This decision reflects full consideration for the feelings of the religious public, on the one hand, and maintaining the routine of the train passengers on Sunday.”
“For the past year, every weekend I have weighed the needs of the railways against the sanctity of Shabbat and it has passed quietly,” Katz told Israel Radio, adding that they didn't know why this Shabbat had suddenly become an issue that required Litzman to quit.
Shortly after Katz's comments, Litzman told Netanyahu they were quitting and would formally submit their letter of resignation on Sunday. They had spoken to their religious leader, Rabbi Yaakov Aryeh Alter, the head of the Ger Hasidic movement, who ruled that it was not permissible to do the work on Shabbat.
In the ultra-Orthodox newspaper “Hamodia” which is put out by Litzman's Agudath Israel movement, they wrote, “We, as senior partners in the coalition, also have matters which are important to us… For the sake of the obligation to preserve the Jewish values of the state, we are in the government, influencing it.”
The statement suggested the party plans to continue to influence the government — that is, that it would not quit the ruling coalition even after Litzman resigns.
According to reports, the infrastructure work scheduled for the coming weekend is complex and requires the participation of over 100 Jewish workers, a particularly thorny issue for ultra-Orthodox parties.
The Jerusalem-Tel Aviv fast train would be set back four months were work not carried out on Saturdays, sources in Israel Railways told Hadashot news.
In the past, similar crises were solved through one-time compromises that saw the use of non-Jewish workers only, but that is reportedly not possible for the upcoming project due to the nature of the work, which involves upgrading the train signaling system and requires specific employees with certain technical skills who cannot be readily replaced.
According to Army Radio, the work also will draw on the skills of German engineers who arrived in Israel to work on the signaling system over the weekend.
As Hillary Clinton's email scandals go, this was perhaps not a major one, and certainly not in the top secret or classified genre. It was, plain and simply, Democrats circling the wagons to protect one of their own.
A batch of new emails, released by the Republican National Committee (which obtained them under Freedom of Information request) and shared with The Wall Street Journal, showed just how far the White House and the Kerry State Department would go to protect Clinton as they prepared to enter the Democratic presidential race.
On March 2, 2015, The New York Times was the first to break the story of Clinton's use of a private email server for conducting government business during their years as secretary of state.
Ten days later then White House communications director Jennifer Palmieri — later to join the Clinton campaign — wrote to State House spokesperson Jennifer Psaki, “between us on the [Sunday news] shows… think we can get this done so they [John Kerry] is not asked about email.”
Kerry was to appear three days later on CBS' “Face the Nation.” Psaki — who later replaced Palmieri on the White House staff — was only too happy to oblige, adding, “working to crush on my end.”
The next day they wrote, “Good to go on killing CBS idea.”
CBS has responded that it made no agreement and that “no subject was off limits.” However, the interview focused on the pending Iran nuclear deal and the subject of Clinton's use of a private server and the State Department current practices never came up.
Another email came from Patrick Kennedy, undersecretary for management at State, assuring one of Clinton's lawyers that a published report indicating internal criticism of Clinton's use of a private server was “wildly inaccurate reporting.” In fact, an assistant secretary of state for administration had told Congress Clinton's practices were “not acceptable.” A later internal report concluded the use of a private server was simply not permitted under State Department policies.
This much is true. A lot of people went out of their way to cover for Hillary Clinton. Shocking? Most voters are beyond being shocked any more.
This is not a list of coaches who've coached their way off the hot seat. Many were safe entering the season, and they're still safe now.
But these leaders have silenced some of their haters. This could change in a month or two.
Right now, however, they're rising.
1. Tom Crean, Indiana Hoosiers
AP Photo/Darron Cummings
Many expected Crean to mishandle one of the nation's most talented rosters, fail to implement a noticeable defense and eventually accept a $7.5 million buyout this summer. Early losses to Wake Forest and UNLV -- along with a deplorable defense -- only emboldened the doubters. But Indiana is 4-0 in Big Ten play -- all without injured wing James Blackmon Jr. (15.8 PPG). And the Hoosiers are -- wait for it -- the Big Ten's current leader in defensive efficiency in conference play, per KenPom.com. A positive start for a squad that hasn't suffered a loss since the Big Ten/ACC Challenge.
2. Brad Brownell, Clemson Tigers
Peyton Williams/UNC/Getty Images
The six-year extension they got in 2014 that followed an NIT semifinals run seemed like an audacious move by Clemson, which also gave the coach -- who had finished four games below .500 (32-36) in ACC play in their four years -- a pay raise and essentially promised them a lengthy tenure with a buyout that ranges from $3 million to $5 million. Their 8-10 finish in conference play and 16-15 record overall in 2014-15 didn't help the program justify the extension. But Clemson is 4-1 in ACC play after Wednesday night's 68-63 win over No. 9 Duke, its second consecutive win over a ranked opponent and fourth win in a row overall. The Tigers defeated then-No. 16 Louisville on Sunday, too.
3. Ed Cooley, Providence Friars
Mark L. Baer/USA TODAY Sports
They have Kris Dunn. And that obviously helps. But Cooley had to fight the idea that Providence was just a one-man show that thrived on Dunn's efforts alone. They rebuked that idea in interviews. This season, the growth of Ben Bentil, the team's leading scorer with 19.1 PPG, and the overall improvement of a team that has reduced its turnover rate from 18.1 percent (No. 102) to 15.9 percent (38th) suggest that they were right. The Friars also boast the Big East's most efficient defense.
4. Andy Enfield, USC Trojans
Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
In 2013, Mr. Dunk City left Florida Gulf Coast to guide a USC program that hasn't reached the NCAA tournament since 2011 and has failed to leave the Big Dance with a win since the year that the kids were listening to Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" (2009). They endured two seasons that yielded five Pac-12 wins and 31 conference losses combined. But those youngsters they coached in their first season have blossomed. Jordan McLaughlin leads six scorers in double figures who anchor a team that has defeated Wichita State (no Fred VanVleet, we know), Arizona State, New Mexico, Arizona, and on Wednesday night, UCLA at Pauley Pavilion.
5. Chris Collins, Northwestern Wildcats
AP Photo/Stacy Bengs
It's too early to start any tourney talk. But Northwestern's win over Wisconsin on Tuesday night was its 15th victory of the season, which matches its entire win total for 2014-15. The Wildcats are also 3-2 in Big Ten play -- all without injured big man Alex Olah (12.8 PPG, 6.5 RPG, 2.0 BPG). They'll encounter the league's top teams in the next two weeks, so real tests are ahead -- their best wins were achieved against one of America's worst nonconference schedules. But this is a promising start.
6. Tubby Smith, Texas Tech Red Raiders
Zackary Brame/Icon Sportswire
In 2013, Minnesota athletic director Norwood Teague fired Tubby Smith after they led the Gophers to an NCAA tournament victory for the first time in nearly 20 years. Texas Tech seemed like the kind of job you'd take if you wanted to end your career quietly while collecting $1.6 million each season. But Texas Tech was slotted as an 8-seed in Joe Lunardi's most recent Bracketology, proof that Smith is rebuilding another program. The Red Raiders, who struggled at times in a 1-3 Big 12 start that included losses to ranked Iowa State and Kansas squads, are playing top-50 defense.
7. Barry Hinson, Southern Illinois Salukis
Byron Hetzler/USA TODAY Sports
Their best season, 2013-14, was marked by a “mama's boy” comment about members of a team that finished 9-9 in Missouri Valley Conference play that season. That year was sandwiched between a 6-12 record in 2012-13 and 4-14 conference record last season. It's a new day, though. The former Missouri State coach and ex-Kansas assistant has led Southern Illinois to a 4-1 start in the MVC and a 15-3 start overall -- already three more victories than last season's 12-win team.
8. Roy Williams, North Carolina Tar Heels
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Everything is relative in this sport. The bar for Southern Illinois isn't the same for North Carolina (obviously). The Tar Heels, one of the game's greatest programs, enter most years as a contender. And those tough road losses to Northern Iowa and Texas seemed to indicate that UNC, a team that hasn't reached the Final Four since it won the national title in 2009, would miss expectations again. But Brice Johnson looks like a first-team All-American right now and their Tar Heels are undefeated in ACC play. It took some time, but the Tar Heels appear to be the world-beaters most anticipated entering the season.
9. Fran McCaffery, Iowa Hawkeyes
Fran McCaffery had plenty to celebrate this past week. AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall
Last season, they led the Hawkeyes to a second consecutive NCAA tournament appearance for the first time since the 2005-06 stretch. And that's why the school offered them an extension two years ago. Iowa is a good program. But the next step entails getting into contention a program that hasn't won a share of the Big Ten title since 1979. Seems like a crazy idea for a team that lost Aaron White and surrendered a 20-point lead in a loss to Iowa State. But a win at No. 4 Michigan State on Thursday night (and season sweep of the Spartans) would make Iowa the team to beat in the Big Ten along with Maryland.
10. Frank Martin, South Carolina Gamecocks
Grant Halverson/Getty Images
South Carolina? Really? That's how many reacted when Frank Martin left Kansas State for the Gamecocks, a team that hasn't reached the Big Dance since 2004. But Martin's squad was a perfect 15-0 before Wednesday's road loss to Alabama. Still, the Gamecocks are not just fighting for a slot in the NCAA tournament; they're one of the best teams in the SEC.
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was remembered Saturday as a man of faith, family and the law in a funeral marked by church ritual and pageantry for the conservative jurist whose larger-than-life personality dominated the high court for nearly three decades.
A who's who of the nation's political and legal elite was among more than 3,000 mourners at a funeral Mass for Scalia at the largest Catholic church in the United States. Vice President Joe Biden and 10 of the 11 living justices with whom Scalia served joined their wife of 55 years, their nine children and dozens of grandchildren on a balmy winter morning. They were buried later Saturday in a private ceremony at an undisclosed location.
Scalia died unexpectedly last week at age 79 at a resort ranch in west Texas. They were the longest-serving among the current justices and the court's most outspoken conservative. Their death has set off a tumultuous political fight over a replacement and is affecting the presidential campaign. One Republican candidate, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, interrupted their campaign ahead of Saturday's South Carolina primary to attend the Mass.
The Rev. Paul Scalia, the justice's son and a Catholic priest, presided over a traditional service that lasted more than 1 1/2 hours and dispensed with eulogies that Scalia themselves had said they did not like. Instead, their son spoke with reverence and humor about Scalia as a father and Catholic who saw "no conflict between faith and the love of one's country."
Scalia regarded the founding of the United States as "a blessing — a blessing quickly lost when faith is banned from the public square or when we refuse to bring it there," their son said.
As a father, "he loved us and sought to show that love and sought to share the blessing of the faith they treasured," they said.
"Sure they forgot our names at times or mixed them up, but there are nine of us," Paul Scalia said to laughter from the crowd at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.
The Catholic priest assured the many lawyers in the audience who may have felt the sting of Scalia's barbed questions during Supreme Court arguments that they shared their pain. "The Roman collar was not a shield against their criticism," Paul Scalia said.
During their homily, Scalia's son recalled how their father reacted once after accidentally standing in their son's confessional line.
"He quickly departed it. As they put it later, 'Like heck if I'm confessing to you,'" the younger Scalia said. "The feeling was mutual."
The younger Scalia also honored their mother, Maureen, as "a woman who could match them at every step and could even hold them accountable."
Among the other participants in the Mass was Justice Clarence Thomas, who also is Catholic. Thomas read a passage from the New Testament's Book of Romans.
Scalia was known as a champion of originalism — interpreting the Constitution according to the meaning understood when it was adopted. They famously sparred with liberals who view the constitution as a "living document" and frequently declared in public speeches their view that the Constitution is "dead, dead, dead."
Their flag-draped casket was brought to the church from the Supreme Court, where more than 6,000 visitors, including President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama, paid their respects on Friday.
Scalia's sons and sons-in-law served as pallbearers at the basilica, as did a Supreme Court police honor guard.
They wheeled the casket up the center aisle of the church past dignitaries including Attorney General Loretta Lynch, former Vice President Dick Cheney, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, 95-year-old retired Justice John Paul Stevens and other federal judges. Among them were several mentioned as possible successors: Judges Sri Srinivasan and Patricia Millett and Chief Judge Merrick Garland, all of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Cruz, who planned to return to South Carolina Saturday, has been among Republican senators pledging to keep Scalia's seat empty until after the November election. Obama has insisted that they will nominate a successor.
Associated Press
﻿Colleagues
I am delighted to share with you an announcement which will be made public later today. The University of Limerick and NUI Galway have entered into a Strategic Alliance across all key areas of our activity. Our two Universities are committed to working together to deliver a better service to our students, to our business and industry partners, to our region and to our various stakeholders.
Later today, An Taoiseach Mr Brian Cowen T.D. will launch the new Alliance in the company of An Tánaiste and Minister for Trade, Enterprise and Employment, Ms Mary Coughlan T.D., and the Minister for Education and Science, Mr Batt O?Keeffe T.D. in the RoyalIrishAcademy, Dublin.
This Alliance will make a real difference ? a difference to our students, to our faculty and staff, to our researchers, to our industrial and business partners, and a difference to the Shannon Region and the West of Ireland.
We believe that together we are stronger. In a time of unprecedented economic upheaval, we must look at alternative ways of delivering a quality service to our students. By working with NUI Galway, we will be able to protect and optimise student choices.
The Alliance will extend across all areas of our activity including teaching and learning, research, technology transfer, lifelong learning and service provision. A number of projects are set for immediate launch, including:
Research
We are collaborating with NUI Galway in key areas of research, including:
* Biomedicine and biomedical devices
* Energy research
* ICT, including software development and semantic web research
Technology Transfer
We will promote the services of both Technology Transfer Offices as a single offering, particularly in the areas of our collaborative research.
We are also working with the Georgia Institute of Technology in the US to establish a joint Translational Research Institute. Georgia Tech is a recognised world leader in translational research and we are excited about the prospects of working with them.
Teaching and Learning
There are many collaborative projects planned in the area of teaching and learning, across all Faculties. One new development is the ?Link-to-Learn? student exchange programme which will facilitate students at either university who wish to avail of specialist opportunities at the other institution on a module or even semester basis.
Lifelong Learning
Strong links already exist between UL and NUI Galway in the area of adult and continuing education. These links will be extended as both units work together to provide programmes focused on upskilling the national workforce and meeting the needs of the newly unemployed.
Shared Services
Our two Universities will also collaborate on service provision, through a shared services model. In addition, we will use our combined buying power to collaborate in the joint procurement of goods and services to ensure maximum efficiency in our purchases.
More details of all of these projects can be found on the website from noon today:
http://www.nuigalway.ie/ul-alliance
I want to pay tribute to all at UL who have worked to make today?s announcement possible and I look forward to the benefits this strategic alliance with our colleagues in NUI Galway will bring to both our institutions and the communities we serve.
Don
Professor Don Barry
Uachtarán / President
Oifig an Uachtaráin / Office of the President
Ollscoil Luimnigh / University of Limerick
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
This entry was posted on February 18, 2010 at 12:08 pm and is filed under higher education, university. You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post's comments.
Tags: NUI Galway, strategic alliance, University of Limerick
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site.
#Kimmel
Monday: Jennifer Aniston, BBQ Master Adam Perry Lang, Music from Bob Mould
Tuesday: Eva Longoria, Interview and Music from Wiz Khalifa
Wednesday: Gwyneth Paltrow, Terry Crews, Music from Shawn Mendes
Thursday: Sarah Silverman, Taraji P. Henson, Music from Hunter Hayes
Friday: Terry Bradshaw, The Trailer Park Boys, Music from The Kooks
See our favorite clips from this week!
Wiz Khalifa Plays Dem Boyz or Not Dem Boyz
Wiz looks at different pictures of famous people and decides whether or not they are “Dem Boyz” or "Not Dem Boyz."
Pedestrian Question - Have You Looked Up the Leaked Celebrity Nude Photos?
The recently leaked celebrity photos are available all over the internet and there has been much debate about whether it is wrong to even look at them. It is wrong but guys are mostly perverts so we thought this would be a good subject for our audience guessing game Pedestrian Question. We went out onto Hollywood Boulevard and asked men “Have you looked up the leaked celebrity nude photos?” #PedestrianQuestion
Richard Hammond is back in the UK and able to look back on their crash with good humour.
The Grand Tour presenter met with Rimac CEO, Mate Rimac, to review data from the Rimac Concept One, and relive the moment they left the track and hurtled 100 metres down a hill, narrowly avoiding crashing into a house.
WATCH THE FULL EXCLUSIVE VIDEO BELOW:
Play video 26:26 (COPYRIGHT: DRIVETRIBE - UNAUTHORISED USE FORBIDDEN)
"I was aware that I was up high, and that inevitably the car was going to come down," said Hammond.
"And yeah of course there was a moment of dread - 'Oh God, I'm going to die'."
"Oh God, I'm going to die" Richard Hammond on the moment they crashed
"And also I was aware that the car was taking just such a beating. I mean if you look at those craters, that's a big hole that's just impact and it looks like the thing has been dropped from space to leave a whole that big. So yeah I was probably going 'well this is it'. In fact that is what was going through my mind. I thought 'I've had it'."
Download the Drivetribe app on iOS or Android below:
Loading...
Loading...
Like Drivetribe on Facebook for the latest updates from Clarkson, Hammond & May
Loading...
With Aether Revolt fading in our rearview mirror, and signs beginning to show the mileage ahead to Amonkhet, I thought I'd like to delve a little more into the fascinating Preconstructed history of Magic: the Gathering. We've spent some time previously looking at two-color decks, but there does exist a mono-chromatic thread woven in amongst the tapestry.
It's certainly less pronounced. The most common Theme Deck pairings are U/W and R/G, which each have fourteen different Theme Decks highlighting the intersection of those two colors. Nevertheless, from time to time Wizards has thrown a single-colored deck into the mix, and today we begin charting the course of Blue.
Blue was actually just the second color to ever get a full Theme Deck, which were introduced in 1997's Tempest. The very next set, Stronghold, saw the Mono-Black Migraine, and a few months later is where our story begins.
Year: 1998
Set: Exodus
Deck: Dominator
Rares: Dominating Licid, Equilibrium, Erratic Portal
If you wanted to set the standard for what Mono-Blue decks were about, you could do worse than to lead off with Dominator. There's almost nothing straightforward about this tempo and control-style deck that pairs hard-to-remove creatures with a host of effects that can make your opponent's mana base a pitfall.
First, the creatures. Although there are only thirteen of them, nearly all of them carry some form of evasion. Most, from the Cloud Spirit to the Mirozel and Wayward Souls, have out-and-out flying, alongside the Killer Whale which has the option to take to the air (and if you're skeptical about a killer whale's aerial attack ability, clearly you haven't seen the classic 1997 film, Orca).
There's also a playset of the Thalakos Scout here, whose shadow ability also can make them treacherous to deal with. And it's not just blocking that can pose a challenge for an opponent — many are simply difficult to answer. The Wayward Soul can be bounced atop your library in response to a threat, while the Mirozel flees back to the relative safety of your hand whenever targeted. The Scouts, too, can be snatched back from the brink if you discard a card from hand. You may not be fielding innumerable threats, but the ones you do drop will tend to stick around.
To further protect your sources of damage, you have a playset of Counterspells, a trio of Mana Leaks, and two Forbids. Mind Games, Capsize, and Time Ebb all serve to make mayhem on your opponent's side of the table, but some of the deck's most tricky plays come with the mana taxing you'll often be doing with the deck. In short, you're going to make your opponent very cautious about tapping out.
We've already seen the Mana Leaks, which can force your opponent to play around them by holding mana open. But you also have the Erratic Portal, Fade Away, and Propaganda to keep their mana tied up. The more they have to spend to deal with your strategy, the less they're playing their own.
The deck runs heavy on land itself, to take advantage of your buyback effects as well as a Treasure Trove. Throw in some creature theft through Legacy's Allure and the Dominating Licid, and you've got a deck that — when running well — can give your opponent some headaches.
Year: 1999
Set: Starter 1999
Deck: Time Curse
Rares: Ransack, Time Warp
This 40-card deck was part of five Theme Decks released for the Starter 1999 introductory-level set. Each of the five were mono-colored, and for Blue, the set offered a fairly straightforward permission deck. This meant evasive creatures for closers, and spells to make sure they stuck around long enough to get the job done.
The evasive workhorses took the form of Wind Drakes and Air Elementals, with some Giant Octopuses in there to give you some defense against a ground-running opponent. Finally, three copies of Ingenious Thief added a little more to your aerial offense, while letting you see what your opponent was working with.
That was no idle benefit, either. The deck ran seven counters, two of them being the all-inclusive Counterspell while the others a little more narrow in focus (Remove Soul and Extinguish). The rest of the deck was a smattering of traditionally Blue effects, including card draw, library manipulation, and taking an extra turn.
It wasn't the most exciting deck, but it was a solid introduction to what the color is all about. On that note, it was a success.
Year: 2001
Set: 7th Edition
Deck: Bomber
Rares: Ancestral Memories, Daring Apprentice
Like the previous entry, 7th Edition's Preconstructed offerings were five, 40-card mono-colored decks. With the Core Sets now considered to be the fundamental building blocks of the game (the expansion sets as we know them were the “Advanced” or “Expert” releases), they laid a similarly fundamental foundation. This is Blue, Bomber promised, and this is what Blue does.
While that didn't promise much in the way of complexity, the decks sought to make up for the fairly pedestrian themes by mixing it up with card diversity. There are only multiple copies of three key cards here (not counting basic lands, naturally) — everything else is a singleton copy. Much like Duel Decks, the intended effect is that each game will be wildly different than the last, increasing replayability.
Nevertheless, you could count on certain themes making themselves apparent over the course of play. For Bomber, that was (once again) aerial threats and permission spells. Wind Drake, Fighting Drake, and an Air Elemental all offered some aerial punch, with Thieving Magpie giving some card draw to go along with it. The red zone on the ground could be well-congested behind thickening agents like the Wall of Air, Glacial Wall, and Horned Turtle. Prodigal Sorcerer was the classic “pinger” that could pick off the weak and wounded, or keep up a steady trickle of damage to an opponent.
Backing this up was the usual and customary. Countermagic in the form of Counterspells and Force Spike. Disruption with Unsummon and two copies of Boomerang. Card draws with Inspiration and Ancestral Memories. Even a Confiscated, to make your opponent's best permanent your own.
In short, a more robust version of Time Curse. We wouldn't see another Mono-Blue deck until the following Core Set.
Year: 2003
Set: 8th Edition
Deck: Sky Slam
Rares: Fleeting Image, Urza's Armor
There isn't a lot going on here that we haven't seen before, but that's not entirely unexpected. This isn't an “expert-level” deck where you'd expect to see greater diversity and new mechanics/themes, but rather a Core Set deck that offers a baseline of color identity for those coming to the game.
That isn't to say that Sky Slam doesn't offer a few new tricks. To be sure, you've got all the elements of the core strategy here — evasive creatures and permission. But the 8th Edition had been designed to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the game, and this brought an injection of fresh cards to the Core Set environment. Wizards had run polls on the mothership letting players have a say as to what reprints were coming back, since it had been announced that every single Magic expansion would be offering up at least one new reprint to 8th Edition.
This helps explain the reappearance of Urza's Armor, originally an uncommon in Urza's Saga that had never been brought back until now. Sure it cost 6 manas and could only offer substantive life savings against a swarm deck, but hey, Urza.
As for the creatures, nearly all of them are evasive, and those that aren't tended to be designed to offer a hedge against ground attacks. Air Elemental, Thieving Magpie, Fighting Drake, Sage Owl, and Horned Turtle are all familiar faces, but we do get a new one in the Fleeting Image. This illusionary creature evokes the first deck we looked at, Dominator, in that it's a creature that can be whisked away to safety when threatened.
For support, we have Mana Leak and Remove Soul serving as our counters. Counterspell, that archetype-defining staple since the start of the game, had been deemed too strong for the cost, and eased out to pasture. Weaker on counters, Sky Slam went in a more disruptive direction with a trio of Unsummons and a Dehydration to help answer opponent's creature-based threats while it whittled away in the air.
The Core Set model would continue to endure well past 8th Edition, but, fortunately, Wizards delivered a more nontraditional Mono-Blue deck just seven months later.
Year: 2004
Set: Darksteel
Deck: Transference
Rares: Arcbound Reclaimer, Reshape
Hurrah, an expansion set! Finally, we'll get to see what Blue can do with a raft of new themes and mechanics, right? Well, not exactly . . . Only about a quarter of the deck is actually Blue. With Mirrodin having kicked off an artifacts-matter block, the majority of this deck comes from that card type. Instead, Blue is largely relegated to a supporting role.
The main thrust of the deck is the modular mechanic, as featured on the Arcbound creatures. These creatures are all 0/0's that come into play instead with a varying number of +1/+1 counters on them. The catch is, when they die, you can put those counters on another creature. Little is wasted when you've got a field of Arcbound artifacts creatures, with each loss through attrition still serving to strengthen the rest of your army.
The most infamous of these would be the Arcbound Ravager, a win condition for broken Affinity decks that put a serious hurt on Magic's competitive environment around this time. While the Ravager is absent, you have a host of others from the lowly Arcbound Worker to the mighty Arcbound Lancer.
These are particularly effective in a deck that runs harder-to-block options like Spincrusher, Spire Golem, and Rust Elemental. The latter in particular can put games on a very swift clock, as you sacrifice Arcbound creatures each upkeep and keep piling +1/+1 counters onto the ever-growing Elemental.
As for Blue, it offers some potential value plays in the Neurok Familiar, mana ramping in the Vedalken Engineer, and insurance against anti-artifact effects (like Shatter) with the Neurok Transmuter. You also get a pair of Echoing Truths, and a Reshaped.
Although the deck ultimately doesn't feel especially Blue, Transference illustrates just how large a tent Magic: the Gathering's color pie can be. Believe me, if all we ever had to look forward to be the Bomber/Sky Slam template, the game would be far the worse off for it.
We'll take a pause here and return in a week, when we look at the remaining history of Mono-Blue Theme Decks, Intro Packs and — yes — even an Event Deck!
The queue or cue is a hairstyle worn by the Jurchen and Manchu people of Manchuria, and later required to be worn by male subjects of Qing dynasty China. Hair on top of the scalp is grown long and is often braided, while the front portion of the head is shaved. Some early modern military organizations have also used similar styles.
The requirement that Han Chinese and others under Manchu rule give up their traditional hairstyles and wear the queue was met with resistance, although opinions about the queue did change over time.
Jurchen queue [ edit ]
Jurchen men, like their Manchu descendants, wore their hair in queues. In 1126, the Jurchen ordered male Han within their conquered territories to adopt the Jurchen hairstyle by shaving the front of their heads and to adopt Jurchen dress, but the order was lifted.[1] Some Han rebels impersonated Jurchen by wearing their hair in the Jurchen "pigtail" to strike fear within the Jurchen population.[2]
Manchu queue [ edit ]
Manchu queues
chupryna as an inconsistency in the picture. (From the cover of Regni Sinensis a Tartari devastati enarratio, 1661.) A European artist's conception of a Manchu warrior in China – surprisingly, holding the severed head of an enemy by its queue. Later historians have noted the queue looking more like Cossack as an inconsistency in the picture. (From the cover of Martino Martini 's, 1661.)
The queue was a specifically male hairstyle worn by the Manchu people from central Manchuria and later imposed on the Han Chinese during the Qing dynasty.[3][4][5] The hair on the front of the head was shaved off above the temples every ten days and the remainder of the hair was braided into a long braid.[6]
The Manchu hairstyle was forcefully introduced to Han Chinese in the early 17th century during the Manchu conquest of China. Nurhaci of the Aisin Gioro clan declared the establishment of the Later Jin dynasty, later becoming the Qing dynasty of China, after Ming dynasty forces in Liaodong defected to their side. The Ming general of Fushun, Li Yongfang, defected to Nurhaci after Nurhaci promised them rewards, titles, and Nurhaci's own granddaughter in marriage. Other Han Chinese generals in Liaodong proceeded to defect with their armies to Nurhaci and were given women from the Aisin Gioro family in marriage. Once firmly in power, Nurhaci commanded all men in the areas they conquered to adopt the Manchu hairstyle.
The Manchu hairstyle signified Han submission to Qing rule, and also aided the Manchu identification of those Han who refused to accept Qing dynasty domination.
The hairstyle was compulsory for all males and the penalty for non-compliance was execution for treason. In the early 1910s, after the fall of the Qing dynasty, the Chinese no longer had to wear the Manchu queue. While some, such as Zhang Xun, still did so as a tradition, most of them abandoned it after the last Emperor of China, Puyi, cut their queue in 1922.[7]
Queue order [ edit ]
Chinese circus performers soon after the Manchu conquest, wearing queues. (Drawing by Johan Nieuhof , 1655–57)
The Queue Order (simplified Chinese: 剃发令; traditional Chinese: 剃髮令; pinyin: tìfàlìng),[8][9] or tonsure decree, was a series of laws violently imposed by the Qing (Manchu) dynasty in the seventeenth century. It was also imposed on Taiwanese aborigines in 1753,[10][11] and Koreans who settled in northeast China in the late 19th century,[12][13] though the Ryukyuan people, whose kingdom was a tributary of China, requested and were granted an exemption from the mandate.
Traditionally, adult Han Chinese did not cut their hair for philosophical and cultural reasons. According to the Classic of Filial Piety, Confucius said
“ We are given our body, skin and hair from our parents; which we ought not to damage. This idea is the quintessence of filial duty. ( 身體髮膚，受之父母，不敢毀傷，孝至始也。 )[14] ”
As a result of this ideology, both men and women wound their hair into a bun (a topknot) or other various hairstyles.
In 1644, Beijing was sacked by a coalition of rebel forces led by Li Zicheng, a minor Ming dynasty official turned leader of a peasant revolt. The Chongzhen Emperor committed suicide when the city fell, marking the official end of the Ming dynasty. The Han Chinese Ming general Wu Sangui and their army then defected to the Qing and allowed them through Shanhai pass. They then seized control of Beijing, overthrowing Li's short-lived Shun dynasty. They then forced Han Chinese to adopt the queue as a sign of submission.[15]
A year later, after the Qing armies reached South China, on July 21, 1645, Dorgon issued an edict ordering all Han men to shave their foreheads and braid the rest of their hair into a queue identical to those worn by the Manchus.[16] The Han Chinese were given 10 days to comply or face death. Although Dorgon admitted that followers of Confucianism might have grounds for objection, most Han officials cited the Ming dynasty's traditional System of Rites and Music as their reason for resistance. This led Dorgon to question their motives: "If officials say that people should not respect our Rites and Music, but rather follow those of the Ming, what can be their true intentions?"[15]
The slogan adopted by the Qing was "Cut the hair and keep the head, (or) keep the hair and cut the head" (Chinese: 留髮不留頭，留頭不留髮; pinyin: liú fà bù liú tóu, liú tóu bù liú fà).[17] People resisted the order and the Qing struck back with deadly force, massacring all who refused to obey. Han rebels in Shandong tortured to death the Qing official who suggested the queue order to Dorgon, and killed their relatives.[18]
The imposition of this order was not uniform; it took up to 10 years of martial enforcement for all of China to be brought into compliance, and while it was the Qing who imposed the queue hairstyle on the general population, they did not always personally execute those who did not obey. It was Han Chinese defectors who carried out massacres against people refusing to wear the queue. Li Chengdong, a Han Chinese general who had served the Ming but defected to the Qing, ordered troops to carry out three separate massacres in the city of Jiading within a month, resulting in tens of thousands of deaths. The third massacre left few survivors.[20] The three massacres at Jiading District are some of the most infamous, with estimated death tolls in the tens or even hundreds of thousands.[21] Jiangyin also held out against about 10,000 Qing troops for 83 days. When the city wall was finally breached on October 9, 1645, the Qing army, led by the Han Chinese Ming defector Liu Liangzuo (劉良佐), who had been ordered to "fill the city with corpses before you sheathe your swords," massacred the entire population, killing between 74,000 and 100,000 people.[22]
Han Chinese soldiers in 1645 under Han General Hong Chengchou forced the queue on the people of Jiangnan while Han people were initially paid silver to wear the queue in Fuzhou when it was first implemented.[23][24]
The queue was the only aspect of Manchu culture that the Qing forced on the common Han population. The Qing required people serving as officials to wear Manchu clothing but allowed other Han civilians to continue wearing Hanfu (Han clothing) but most Han civilian men voluntarily adopted Manchu clothing[25][26] like Changshan on their own free will. Throughout the Qing dynasty Han women continued to wear Han clothing.[27]
Since the Qing dynasty grouped Muslims by language, the Han Hui (currently known as Hui people) were classified as Han Chinese, so they were required to wear the queue. Turkic Muslims, like the Uyghur and Salar people, were not required to wear the queue.[28] During the Qing Salar men shaved their hair bald while when they went to journey in public they put on artificial queues.[29] Uyghur men shaved their hair bald during the Qing.[30]
However, after Jahangir Khoja invaded Kashgar, Turkistani Muslim begs and officials in Xinjiang eagerly fought for the "privilege" of wearing a queue to show their steadfast loyalty to the Empire. High-ranking bags were granted this right.[31]
The purpose of the Queue Order was to demonstrate loyalty to the Qing and, conversely, growing one's hair came to symbolize revolutionary ideals, such as during the White Lotus Rebellion. The members of the Taiping Rebellion were called the Long hairs (長毛) or Hair rebels (髮逆).[32]
Resistance to the queue [ edit ]
Han Chinese resistance to adopting the queue was widespread and bloody. The Chinese in the Liaodong Peninsula rebelled in 1622 and 1625 in response to the implementation of the mandatory hairstyle. The Manchus responded swiftly by killing the educated elite and instituting a stricter separation between Han Chinese and Manchus.[33]
In 1645, the enforcement of the queue order was taken a step further by the ruling Manchus when it was decreed that any man who did not adopt the Manchu hairstyle within ten days would be executed. The intellectual Lu Xun summed up the Chinese reaction to the implementation of the mandatory Manchu hairstyle by stating, "In fact, the Chinese people in those days revolted not because the country was on the verge of ruin, but because they had to wear queues." In 1683 Zheng Keshuang surrendered and wore a queue.[33]
The queue became a symbol of the Qing dynasty and a custom except among Buddhist monastics.[34][35][36] Some revolutionists, supporters of the Hundred Days' Reform or students who studied abroad cut their braids. The Xinhai Revolution in 1911 led to a complete change in hairstyle almost overnight. The queue became unpopular as it became associated with a fallen government; this is depicted in Lu Xun's short story Storm in a Teacup in which Chinese citizens in Hong Kong collectively changed to short haircuts.[37]
Exemptions [ edit ]
Neither Taoist priests nor Buddhist monks were required to wear the queue by the Qing; they continued to wear their traditional hairstyles, completely shaved heads for Buddhist monks, and long hair in the traditional Chinese topknot for Taoist priests.[38][39][40]
Foreign reaction [ edit ]
Barbershop in the Qing Dynasty
The Manchus' willingness to impose the queue and their dress style on the men of China and their success in suppressing the resistance was viewed as an example to emulate by some foreign observers. H. E. M. James, a British administrator in India, wrote in 1887 that the British rulers ought to act in a similarly decisive way when imposing their will in India. In their view, the British administrators should have outlawed the suttee much earlier than they actually did (1829), and in James' own day they should have acted as severely against Indian journalists expressing opposition to the British rule.[41]
Other queues [ edit ]
Curley Bear with queued hair.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Works cited
“And what they really loved to do was to pretend to lose. They just got a huge kick out of it,” Mr. McIntyre said.
One year, a pup was a bit sickly. The other pups seemed to be afraid of them and wouldn't play with him. Once, after delivering food for the small pups, 21 stood looking around for something. Soon they started wagging their tail. He'd been looking for the sickly little pup, and they just went over to hang out with them for a while.
Of all Mr. McIntyre's stories about the super wolf, that's their favorite. Strength impresses us. But kindness is what we remember best.
If you watch wolves, it's hard to escape the conclusion that perhaps no two species are more alike behaviorally than wolves and humans. Living as we do in families, we can easily recognize the social structures and status quests in wolf packs. No wonder Native Americans recognized in wolves a sibling spirit.
The similarities between male wolves and male humans can be quite striking. Males of very few other species help procure food year-round for the entire family, assist in raising their young to full maturity and defend their packs year-round against others of their species who threaten their safety. Male wolves appear to stick more with that program than their human counterparts do.
Biologists used to consider the alpha male the undisputed boss. But now they recognize two hierarchies at work in wolf packs — one for the males, the other for the females.
Doug Smith, the biologist who is the project leader for the Yellowstone Gray Wolf Restoration Project, said the females “do most of the decision making” for the pack, including where to travel, when to rest and when to hunt. The matriarch's personality can set the tone for the whole pack, Dr. Smith said.
Or, as Mr. McIntyre put it: “It's the alpha female who really runs the show.”
Clearly, our alpha male stereotype could use a corrective makeover. Men can learn a thing or two from real wolves: less snarl, more quiet confidence, leading by example, faithful devotion in the care and defense of families, respect for females and a sharing of responsibilities. That's really what wolfing up should mean.☐
President-elect Donald Trump answered questions at Mar-a-Lago as boxing luminary Don King stood next to them Wednesday. | AP Photo Trump downplays Russian election interference, doubles down on Israel
President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday evening urged congressional lawmakers to move past the reported Russian interference in the 2016 presidential race while also doubling down on their defense of Israel.
Asked about Sen. Lindsey Graham's pledge to pursue sanctions against Russia and its leader, Vladimir Putin, over repeated cybersecurity breaches during the campaign, Trump stressed the need to move forward.
Story Continued Below
“I think we ought to get on with our lives,” the president-elect said during an impromptu exchange with reporters at their Mar-a-Lago resort, with boxing luminary Don King standing next to Trump as they answered questions.
“I think computers have complicated our lives very greatly. The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what is going on.”
Trump said they have yet to discuss the sanctions with senators but that they “certainly will be over a period of time.”
Of speaking with Graham, Trump remarked: “Haven't spoken to them — as you know they ran against me.”
The president-elect also addressed their recent pledge to shift American foreign policy toward Israel following the Obama administration's decision to allow a United Nations resolution rebuking Israeli settlements in the West Bank to pass.
“If you look at what's happened, they are up for 20 reprimands, and other nations that are horrible places, horrible places that treat people horribly, haven't even been reprimanded,” Trump said. “So there is something going on, and I think it is very unfair to Israel.”
Trump also shifted to a more conciliatory tone on President Barack Obama, praising the presidential transition process he'd previously scorned as going along “very, very smoothly.”
Trump told reporters they had recently shared a “very nice call” with Obama that “covered a lot of territory.”
"Our staffs are getting along very well,” the president-elect said. “And I'm getting along very well with him, other than a couple of statements that I responded to and we talked about it and smiled about it.”
Trump also fired back against questions about potential conflicts of interest over their sprawling business empire, faulting the media for turning it into an issue.
“It is not a big deal,” they said. “You people are making that a big deal, the business.”
Trump touted their empire as a "great business" and claimed the conflicts are a non-issue since "they all knew I had a big business all over the place" prior to the election.
The president-elect, who earlier this month canceled a planned Dec. 15 news conference to address the conflicts, said it will now be happening "sometime in early January."
Employees of news outlets including the New York Times and the Huffington Post have donated money to President Obama's re-election campaign, according to records reviewed by The Daily Caller.
Christina Norman, the executive editor for HuffPost BlackVoices, donated $2,500 to the “Obama Victory Fund 2012” in March. Norman didn't return a request for comment, but a Huffington Post spokesperson told TheDC that “these donations were made before they knew of our policies, having come from an executive background at OWN and MTV.”
Two employees of the New York Times Company also donated money to Obama's re-election campaign, according to Federal Election Commission records.
Sally Singer, the editor of “T: The New York Times Style Magazine,” donated $500 to Obama in January. And John Stickney, a senior editor for the New York Times Syndicate, donated $300 in December.
Blogger Michael Petrelis first uncovered Singer's and Stickney's donations in May. At the time, New York Times spokesperson Eileen Murphy confirmed that the company's corporate policy “requires that any employee involved in the planning, creation or oversight of news and editorial content not give money to any political candidate or election cause.”
“In this case they made this donation without direct knowledge of that policy,” Murphy said of Stickney. “He is now aware of the policy and sincerely regrets having made the donation.”
Murphy said Singer, the magazine editor, inadvertently donated to Obama's campaign by attending a fashion event that they didn't realize was a fundraiser.
“Sally Singer's donation was to a fashion industry event,” Murphy said. “When they realized that the event was a fund raiser for the Obama re-election campaign, they asked for and had their money returned.”
Jennifer Granholm, the former Democratic Michigan governor who now hosts a news show on the liberal Current TV, has donated twice to Obama's campaign. They gave $1,000 to their re-election effort on March 8 and then $500 on March 29.
A press contact at Current — the liberal channel founded by former Vice President Al Gore–said the contributions don't pose any problems because they “have no policies at all dictating political contributions.”
“We are not in the news gathering business, but rather in the news analysis business,” Current spokesperson Laura Nelson told TheDC. “If you watch the Governor's show, I think it would come as no surprise to anyone that they are an Obama supporter.”
A NBC News employee named Thomas Baer gave $250 to Obama in May, according to donor records. LinkedIn says a “Tom Baer” is a NBC News satellite operator, and news reports show that they have also worked as a camera man and given on-air reports.
Reached for comment, a NBC spokesperson said: “It is against NBC News policy for full-time employees to make contributions to political campaigns.”
Less visible reporters in Washington have given to Obama's campaign as well. Elizabeth Wiener of the Washington D.C.-based community Current newspapers donated $500 to Obama in May and then again in June, according to the records.
In an email, Wiener said they cover local news in Washington and hasn't “donated to or participated in a local campaign since I got this job.”
“I (and my paper) don't cover national politics, and would be curious why you think it might be inappropriate to donate to a national candidate,” Wiener asked TheDC.
In its review, TheDC looked for donations to Obama and Republican Mitt Romney by searching the names of more than two dozen news organizations on the FEC website.
Revelations that news employees gave money to political candidates have led to repercussions in the past for some high-profile television hosts. In 2010, Keith Olbermann — then of MSNBC — was suspended after giving money to Democratic congressional candidates.
Also that year, the left-leaning cable network suspended host Joe Scarborough for making eight previously undisclosed donations to Republican candidates.
Follow Alex on Twitter
Credit: Karl Kerschl
Credit: Karl Kerschl (DC Comics)
Principal Gotham Academy artist Karl Kerschl has announced that he's leaving the DC series. This week's Gotham Academy #12 is their final work on the series, despite Kerschl being solicited for Gotham Academy #13. Both DC and Diamond still list Kerschl as that issue's artist, but comiXology has Adam Archer listed as the new artist. #14 and #15 are solicited as done by a group of guest writers and artists.
"Gotham Academy #12 is my last issue as series artist," Kerschl said on Twitter. "Thanks to everyone who's been reading and supporting it"
Series co-writer Becky Cloonan commented on Kerschl's announcement, saying "Karl you are the absolute best. So proud of our work on this book, so happy you are my friend! I miss you so much!!!"
Although Kerschl hasn't said what their next project will be, following the Gotham Academy announcement they posted a new illustration for their creator-owned series The Abominable Charles Christopher.
The Macintosh 128K stood out for many reasons. From a technical standpoint, it was one of the first mass-market personal computers to popularise the use of a mouse and the graphical user interface (or GUI), shifting away from command-line inputs utilised by other PCs at the time. But many will also remember it for its now famous "1984" Super Bowl ad, which cost $1.5 million to produce and was directed by Ridley Scott.
With the passing of Steve Jobs, paraphernalia from the formative years of the company can reach eye-watering amounts for collectors. Julia Hardy tracks down one enthusiast in Hackney, London, to find out why everyone is still in love with Apple.
Tech Hunters is a 10-part video series that uncovers the devices we were once obsessed with, looking at how they disrupted the tech industry, and what they're worth today. From the pocket pet obsession with the original Tamagotchi, to mix-tapes and Sony Walkman, Tech Hunters explores the audio, visual, interactive and transport innovations that have shaped today's culture.
A number of open questions in human evolutionary genetics would become tractable if we were able to directly measure evolutionary fitness. As a step towards this goal, we developed a method to examine whether individual genetic variants, or sets of genetic variants, currently influence viability. The approach consists in testing whether the frequency of an allele varies across ages, accounting for variation in ancestry. We applied it to the Genetic Epidemiology Research on Adult Health and Aging (GERA) cohort and to the parents of participants in the UK Biobank. Across the genome, we found only a few common variants with large effects on age-specific mortality: tagging the APOE ε4 allele and near CHRNA3. These results suggest that when large, even late-onset effects are kept at low frequency by purifying selection. Testing viability effects of sets of genetic variants that jointly influence 1 of 42 traits, we detected a number of strong signals. In participants of the UK Biobank of British ancestry, we found that variants that delay puberty timing are associated with a longer parental life span (P~6.2 × 10 −6 for fathers and P~2.0 × 10 −3 for mothers), consistent with epidemiological studies. Similarly, variants associated with later age at first birth are associated with a longer maternal life span (P~1.4 × 10 −3 ). Signals are also observed for variants influencing cholesterol levels, risk of coronary artery disease (CAD), body mass index, as well as risk of asthma. These signals exhibit consistent effects in the GERA cohort and among participants of the UK Biobank of non-British ancestry. We also found marked differences between males and females, most notably at the CHRNA3 locus, and variants associated with risk of CAD and cholesterol levels. Beyond our findings, the analysis serves as a proof of principle for how upcoming biomedical data sets can be used to learn about selection effects in contemporary humans.
Our global understanding of adaptation in humans is limited to indirect statistical inferences from patterns of genetic variation, which are sensitive to past selection pressures. We introduced a method that allowed us to directly observe ongoing selection in humans by identifying genetic variants that affect survival to a given age (i.e., viability selection). We applied our approach to the GERA cohort and parents of the UK Biobank participants. We found viability effects of variants near the APOE and CHRNA3 genes, which are associated with the risk of Alzheimer disease and smoking behavior, respectively. We also tested for the joint effect of sets of genetic variants that influence quantitative traits. We uncovered an association between longer life span and genetic variants that delay puberty timing and age at first birth. We also detected detrimental effects of higher genetically predicted cholesterol levels, body mass index, risk of coronary artery disease (CAD), and risk of asthma on survival. Some of the observed effects differ between males and females, most notably those at the CHRNA3 gene and variants associated with risk of CAD and cholesterol levels. Beyond this application, our analysis shows how large biomedical data sets can be used to study natural selection in humans.
Funding: Medical Research Council (Unit Programme number MC_UU_12015/2). This grant supported FRD and JRBP. National Institutes of Health (NIH) (grant number R01GM121372). This grant is to MP and JKP. National Institutes of Health (NIH) (grant number R01MH106842). This grant is to JKP. Columbia University. This research was funded in part by a Research Initiative in Science and Engineering grant to MP and JKP. National Institutes of Health (NIH) (grant number R01GM115889). This grant is to Guy Sella, provided partial support for HM. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
As a proof of principle, we applied our approach to 2 recent data sets: to 57,696 individuals of European ancestry from the Genetic Epidemiology Research on Adult Health and Aging (GERA) cohort [ 31 , 32 ] and, by proxy [ 33 – 35 ], to the parents of 117,648 individuals of British ancestry surveyed as part of the UK Biobank [ 36 ]. We did so for individual genetic variants then jointly for sets of variants previously found to influence 1 of 42 polygenic traits [ 37 – 40 ].
In line with Lewontin's proposal to track age-specific mortality and fertility of hundreds of thousands of individuals [ 28 ], we sought a more direct and, in principle, comprehensive way to study adaptation in humans, focusing on current viability selection. Similar to the approach that Allison took in comparing frequencies of the sickle cell allele in newborns and adults living in malarial environments [ 29 ], we aimed to directly observe the effects of genotypes on survival by taking advantage of the recent availability of genotypes from large cohorts of individuals of different ages. Specifically, we tested for differences in the frequency of an allele across individuals of different ages, controlling for changes in ancestry and possible batch effects. This approach resembles a genome-wide association study (GWAS) for longevity yet does not focus on an end point (e.g., survival to an old age) but on any shift in allele frequencies with age. Thus, it allows the identification of possible nonmonotonic effects at different ages or sex differences. Any genetic variant that affects survival by definition has a fitness cost, even if the cost is too small to be effectively selected against (depending on the effective population size, the age structure of the population, and the age at which the variant exerts its effects [ 30 ]). Of course, a genetic variant can influence fitness without influencing survival through effects on reproduction or inclusive fitness. Our approach is therefore considering only 1 of the components of fitness that are likely important for human adaptation.
Because these approaches are designed (either explicitly or implicitly) to be sensitive to a particular mode of adaptation, they provide a partial and potentially biased picture of what variants in the genome are under selection. In particular, most have much higher power to adaptations that involve strongly beneficial alleles that were rare in the population when first favored and will tend to miss selection on standing variation or adaptation involving many loci with small beneficial effects (e.g., [ 24 – 27 ]). Moreover, even where these methods identify a beneficial allele, they are not informative about the components of fitness that are affected or about possible fitness trade-offs between sexes or across ages.
The statistical inferences rely on patterns of genetic variation in present-day samples (or, very recently, in ancient samples [ 4 ]) to identify regions of the genome that appear to carry the footprint of positive selection [ 2 ]. For example, a commonly used class of methods asks whether rates of nonsynonymous substitutions between humans and other species are higher than expected from putatively neutral sites in order to detect recurrent changes to the same protein [ 5 ]. Another class instead relies on polymorphism data and looks for various footprints of adaptation involving single changes of large effect [ 6 ]. These approaches detect adaptation over different timescales and, likely as a result, suggest quite distinct pictures of human adaptation [ 1 ]. For example, approaches that are sensitive to selective pressures acting over millions of years have identified individual chemosensory and immune-related genes (e.g., [ 7 ]). In contrast, approaches that are most sensitive to selective pressures active over thousands or tens of thousands of years have revealed strong selective pressures on individual genes that influence human pigmentation (e.g., [ 8 – 10 ]), diet [ 11 – 13 ], as well as sets of variants that shape height [ 14 – 16 ]. Even more recent still, studies of contemporary populations have suggested that natural selection has influenced life-history traits like age at first childbirth as well as educational attainment over the course of the last century [ 17 – 23 ].
A number of central questions in evolutionary genetics remain open, in particular for humans. Which types of variants affect fitness? Which components of fitness do they affect? What is the relative importance of directional and balancing selection in shaping genetic variation? Part of the difficulty is that our understanding of selection pressures acting on the human genome is based either on experiments in fairly distantly related species or cell lines or on indirect statistical inferences from patterns of genetic variation [ 1 – 3 ].
Results
The Congressional Health Centers Caucus in both the House and Senate was established as a venue for Members of Congress to identify themselves as health center supporters, educate their colleagues on the importance of health centers, share information on health center priorities, and champion the Health Center Program.
Joining the Caucus is a great way for Members of Congress to stay apprised of any legislative efforts that could impact the health centers in their district. For health center advocates, increasing the number of Community Health Center Caucus members is a key way to demonstrate broad bipartisan support for health centers. The caucuses are always seeking new members.
Take action on the right to ask your Members of Congress to join the Health Centers Caucus. If your MOC is already on the caucus, you will be prompted to send them a thank-you message!
New Danganronpa V3 development blog launched, demo start screen screenshot
But still no release date for the demo.
Spike Chunsoft has launched an official development blog for New Danganronpa V3: Everyone's New Semester of Killing. The blog will only operate until January 30, as the game itself is due out in Japan on January 12.
Spike Chunsoft used the blog to officially announce the New Danganronpa V3 demo planned for release in Japan, which was first reported in Famitsu. The demo will follow an original story, feature Makoto Naegi, Yasuhiro Hagakure, and Hajime Hinata as guest characters, and let users experience some of the game's new elements, such as using lies to win an argument and Brain Drive. Playing the demo will get you a bonus item for use in the full game. A release date will be announced at a later time.
New Danganronpa V3: Everyone's New Semester of Killing is due out for PlayStation 4 and PS Vita in Japan on January 12.
New Delhi, Dec 20 () The next time you get an unsolicited call on your mobile phone displaying an international calling code, dial 1963 to report it, the government said today.
"A toll-free number -- 1800110420 or 1963 -- has been opened by all the telecom services providers (TSPs) for the purpose of reporting by customers which further helps in unearthing of illegal telephone exchanges," Minister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Gangaran Ahir said in written reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha.
They said that an SMS from telecom operators saying that "while receiving international calls, if local or STD or no number is displayed on your phone, please inform on toll-free number" is sent to customers periodically.
India's calling code is +91.
Ahir said there have been some instances of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) exchanges being used for criminal activities with the authorities unearthing the maximum of six such exchanges in eastern Uttar Pradesh this year.
They said that several meetings with law enforcement agencies to build cooperation and carry joint operations to unearth such facilities have been taken.
Giving details of cases reported in the last four years, Andhra Pradesh had a maximum of 11 illegal exchanges in 2016- 17 and nil in 2017-18.
Eastern Uttar Pradesh had a maximum of six in 2017-18, followed by Maharashtra and Kerala having two each and one in Odhisa.
Three such exchanges were unearthed in the national capital last year. SKL SMN
The good old-fashioned gimmick match is slowly dying right before our eyes. Once used as a way to blow-off a big feud, the gimmick match no longer has that ‘special' occasion feel. We have become so accustomed to them, they no longer hold that ‘big match' spectacle. In short, the gimmick match has just become any other mach.
Some of the greatest matches of all time have had some sort of gimmick attached to them.
Who can forget the classic Hell in a Cell matches between The Undertaker and Shawn Michaels, The Undertaker and Mankind, and even Triple H and Mick Foley? Who can forget the classic TLC and ladder matches involving The Dudley Boys, Edge and Christian, and The Hardy Boys? Who can forget classic ladder matches, such as Shawn Michaels vs Razor Ramon, and Triple H vs The Rock? I could go on forever.
The wrestling, the psychology, and the violence made these matches great, but there is one factor that many people seem to overlook. These matches meant something. They were blow-offs to long feuds, and the gimmick was brought in because the match REQUIRED it, not because the time of year called for it.
One of the most infamous and highly rated gimmick matches came 21 years ago at Wrestlemania, as Shawn Michaels faced Razor Ramon in a ladder match for the Intercontinental title.
The idea of a ladder match is that you have something hanging above the ring (usually a title), and the only way to retrieve it is to climb up the ladder and grab it. It is a simple concept, and one that has brought many classic matches.
In 1993, Shawn Michaels was suspended whilst holding the Intercontinental championship. While HBK was suspended, Razor Ramon captured the vacant belt on an episode of Monday Night Raw, defeating Rick Martel. Michaels returned with the original Intercontinental championship in November, claiming to be the real champion, as Razor Ramon had not defeated them for the belt.
After four to five months of build, the issue was to be resolved in a ladder match at Wrestlemania, with both titles hanging above the ring. The match is well known as a classic. It is full of drama, brutality, and the psychology is brilliant. However, it is not just two men showcasing their talent. There is a story behind it, and with that, you care more about what happens. It was about unifying the titles, done in a memorable way.
Over a year passed by before we next saw a ladder match. It ended up being a rematch between Razor Ramon and Shawn Michaels at Summerslam 1995. From then on, the ladder match would not feature on TV until 1998, with another memorable moment at Summerslam. The Rock and Triple H had been feuding as the leaders of two factions (DX and The Nation of Domination) over the Intercontinental title, and the blow-off was a ladder match. It too became a classic, and one of the main reasons was the novelty of the ladder match at the time. It had been three years since the last televised ladder match, therefore making this something we had not seen for a long time.
Unfortunately, the ladder match would soon become overused. The next one was only three months later. Then, in 1999, there were three, albeit one of them changed the landscape of tag team wrestling. In 2000, there were only two, but given that it was featuring Edge and Christian, The Hardy Boys, and The Dudley Boys, I will give it a pass. Chris Jericho and Chris Benoit had a memorable match at the Royal Rumble in early 2001, but from then on, the novelty was wearing off fast. The year 2006 had four ladder matches after August, which is nearly once a month, not including the TLC and Money in the Bank ladder matches.
Today, you will see multiple ladder matches in one night with the themed pay per views, such as Money in the Bank and TLC, on the schedule. This has meant that matches would be thrown together for the sake of the calendar rather than the sake of the feud. Did Dolph Ziggler vs Luke Harper really have to happen in a ladder match last December? Not really. It did because it was December and we HAVE to have a ladder match, because the PPV calendar says so.
The ladder match is not the only gimmick match to suffer from this. Perhaps even more alarmingly, the Hell in a Cell has lost the edge it once had.
Rewind back to 1997. Shawn Michaels and The Undertaker were locked in a feud because Michaels had cost The Deadman the WWE title at Summerslam. The Undertaker wasn't happy, and wanted revenge on HBK, so they faced off in a match at In Your House: Ground Zero. The result was a war, with the referee being knocked out seconds in. The Undertaker tried to beat the hell out of Michaels, whilst Shawn tried to run away. It took nearly 10 minutes for the bell to ring, and the match was eventually stopped, as five referees had been used to try to bring order. A host of WWE superstars came out from the back to break up the brawl, and Michaels seemingly had escaped, until The Undertaker broke free, and dove over the ropes onto HBK. The overall story of the match was that Taker wanted to destroy Michaels, but couldn't get close enough to do so, mainly thanks to DX's interference.
As a result, the Hell in a Cell was born. Michaels had no escape, and DX couldn't interfere in the match. The Shawn Michaels vs Undertaker Hell in a Cell was the first of its kind, and in many people's minds, the best of all time. The match had violence, drama, but most importantly, story. Undertaker beat HBK to a pulp for 30 minutes, with Michaels trapped in the confines of the structure, trying to escape. They weren't thrown into a Hell in a Cell for the sake of the calendar, they were thrown into the Hell in a Cell because it fit the storyline.
The same applies to Mankind vs The Undertaker the following year. Of course, the King of the Ring 1998 Hell in a Cell is remembered because of the violence, but at the end of the day, it happened because it fit the two-year story these two had been playing out.
The Hell in a Cell brings two key stories into the fold. To trap a superstar, or the ultimate brutality. These stories were factored into the first two Hells in a Cell matches (I am not counting the tag team one from Raw, because it was moreso an angle than a match). Unfortunately the idea of the Cell being used for storyline purposes was thrown out the window. The vast majority of the following Hell in a Cell matches were brought together for the sake of having a cage. What should have been a special attraction gimmick became a match we would see often, and eventually, in 2009, had its own pay per view.
With the addition of the Hell in a Cell pay per view, the fans are showcased at least one Hell in a Cell match a year, more often than not for no explainable reason. Take last year's Hell in a Cell pay per view. You had Dean Ambrose vs Seth Rollins and John Cena vs Randy Orton, both in the Cell. Now yes, Amborse vs Rollins in the Cell made sense, as it fit the story, but why did Orton vs Cena have to be in the Cell? There is no reason for that match to be a Hell in a Cell match, except for the fact that it is ‘that time of year.'
A lot of people attribute the decline in gimmick match quality to the WWE going PG, which has meant a tone-down in the violence and the blood. It might be a factor, but you can still have a great Hell in a Cell match or ladder match without gallons of blood. Look at Benoit vs Jericho from the Royal Rumble 14 years ago. It was a great ladder match that used psychology rather than violence to tell the story. The matches do not need to be violent in order to be good, although the odd bit of extreme violence can be very entertaining.
The decline of the gimmick match comes down to them being done too often. They mean a lot less today because more often than not, they are thrown together for no sensible reason. The schedule making the gimmick matches rather than the feud itself is crippling the matches, and we end up not caring about the gimmick. We can't have a Hell in a Cell in May, because October is the time for that, and therefore, feuds that could have finished inside the Cell, or cage, or with a ladder match, are instead finished in other, less interesting ways.
In order for the gimmick match to regain its appeal, the WWE needs to cut these themed pay per views and have these matches when they are required, and not on a certain date of the year. Have these matches mean something, because right now, they are just there.
Main photo courtesy of wwe.com
ST. ANDREWS, Scotland, June 19 (UPI) -- The mission of the planet-hunting Kepler space telescope, ended by mechanical ills, could resume using different search techniques, a Scottish researcher says.
Kepler, which has discovered 132 exoplanets and thousands of other candidate worlds, could still be used to seek out planets using a gravitational magnifying glass, Keith Horne of the University of St Andrews said.
Kepler has found exoplanets by observing stars and looking for tiny variations in starlight when a planet transits, or crosses in front of, its host star. So-called reaction wheels that allow Kepler to lock in on a star from long periods have failed, ending its ability to detect such transits.
Horne, working with Andrew Gould at Ohio State University, suggests Hubble could still use its instruments in an alternative way known as microlensing to spot planets.
When two distant stars align, the gravity field of the closer star bends and magnifies the light of the more distant star, and if the nearer star has orbiting planets, their gravity provides added magnification.
"The signals from planets are quite large in this case, sometimes even 100 percent change of brightness of the star, so it's relatively easy to see these things," Horne told NewScientist.com.
Horne and Gould said they estimate Kepler, though not specifically designed for microlensing, could find a few dozen exoplanets a year using the technique.
Buy Photo Nate McKinney watches the sunrise at Sawyer Point Tuesday morning. (Photo: Enquirer photo by Carrie Cochran)Buy Photo
Nate McKinney and I were drawn to the river and its grace Tuesday in the early morning light.
McKinney was watching the sun come up at Sawyer Point, and I was looking for a weather photo.
"This is where I go for peace and serenity," they told me.
Working the morning shift is a mercurial mix. Sometimes I'm chasing tragedy: Car wrecks, overnight fires and homicides. And when the city is quiet, I'm chasing the light: Watching where the sun will rise, hoping to capture the grandeur of our city.
I took their picture, then we chatted for awhile. We shared our common affection for the river, and the stillness of the morning. We remarked that not everyone gets this time.
Eventually McKinney revealed that he's been homeless for two weeks. He's staying at the City Gospel Mission, which provides overnight shelter for homeless men, as well as residential substance abuse treatment for men and women. McKinney told me that they believed God put me in their path that morning to tell their story.
"Admitting where I'm coming from is part of my journey," they said. "I've made a couple of mistakes in my life."
They thanked me for listening. I thanked them for sharing. We exchanged numbers, without any clear reason to do so – just that we may need each other in the future. We hugged.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"I've started reconnecting with family," they said. "There are going to be people who only see me as I was in the past. And I'll have to deal with that."
McKinney said that they know the road ahead of them will not be easy, but they now see a path that they didn't before. They said he's had to hit a terrible low in order to figure it out.
"I'm not the man I want to be, but I'm better than the man I was," they said. "I'm humbled today. I appreciate life."
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1ppM5lM
Sorry for the Inconvenience with contributions the problem could not be fixed without deleting everything and starting over! So please find us at Indiegogo for now Nick Waters or copy and paste this link: http://igg.me/p/70410?a=10820
Hi my name is Nick Waters and I have always loved and have a strong passion for writing and movies, so I decided to write a movie script. One day when I was with my counselor, low and behold I met a wonderful guy named, Mark, that took an interest in my movie and also happens to be a movie producer. They would like to take my movie script and produce it into a movie. I have never been so excited about this project and I hope my script will show how my creativity and passion for both writing and movies developed through my writing!
Shanya: Nick and I went to coffee shop one day on our way to my office. As I was waiting for them to order, I overheard two men across from me discussing issues related to the film industry. I waited until the two men seemed to be getting ready to leave and explained that I overheard a little of their conversation and wondered if I could ask them a favor. I told them that I work with adults with developmental disabilities and one of my clients (Nick) had shown me their latest script and asking me for feedback. I told them it would be really wonderful if they were willing to offer them any professional advice. They were very kind and agreed to chat with them for a minute. After I introduced them and explained to Nick that they were connected to the film industry, they asked Nick a little about their script and were very thoughtful in their feedback. They encouraged them to keep working on it and to write from their feelings and experiences. Nick was very inspired by this chance meeting and diligently worked on their script over the next year until they finished it. Nick is 24 years old, very bright, and is extremely kind and generous. They work hard at a local grocery store, likes to spend time listening to music, and hangs out with their friends. Nick also has developmental disabilities. They process information differently than many other people and struggles with a speech impediment. In high school, Nick had a hard time fitting in and maintaining meaningful social connections. They felt isolated and alone. Their movie script has given them a tremendous sense of purpose, self-expression, and a feeling of accomplishment.
MOM: Twenty four years ago I was blessed with a son, Nick. Growing up Nick was shy, quiet, sweet, soft spoken, and very caring. As Nick's personality matured, they began to develop a passion for music, writing, film-making, and a love for movies of all kinds. Ironically, even though Nick does process things differently than most of us, they possess a gift to be able to review, comprehend, and critique a movie.Nick also has developmental disabilities, but when they put their mind to something, there is no stopping him! About a year ago, Nick announced that they were writing a movie script and this continued to be their topic of conversation for months and months. Each and every day, they grew more and more excited and proud of their script, until it was finally complete. Then one day Nick came busting into the house with excitement! They said they had met a local movie producer at Starbucks during a session with their counselor, Shanya Luther.I supported Nick but advised them not to bother this man, as they may have a job and could be at work. As any cautious mother would do, I also told Nick under no circumstances could they meet this man without a chaperone. Time went on and Nick continued to tell me from time to time that they had been in touch with the producer, had become their "friend" on FB, and was simply fascinated with the different organizations the producer belonged to in the film industry. Finally, curiosity got the best of me and I asked for the producer's number and called him. As it turns out, this man was interested-- truly interested-- in Nick's script. That was the inception of Nick's script developing into a movie - I can't wait to see it on the big screen! Paula Whittington, Proud mother of Nicholas Waters
DAD - Nick has always had a pencil in their hand. They colored, doodled and constantly produced artwork until they were in high school. A teacher around age 15 encouraged them to keep a journal. They have dozens of journals bursting with youthful love, angst and anger collected over the years. With a recurring theme that life is rough at times for all of us. I have never seen the content but they reflect their inner thoughts and their challenges in high school and life. Some of the subject matter is heavy and dark demonstrated by their ability to capture raw emotion. The edgier the better for Nick. Now, and for the past four years Nick has written a couple short stories with their last project in the form of a movie script.
Indie Movie Producer: My name is Mark O'Leal and I met Nick and their counselor, Shayna, at a coffee shop in Portland. I was honestly amazed when six months or so later Nick called to tell me that they had written a movie script. I asked them to send it to me and after reading it I was moved. The subject matter was surprising, however, very familiar to me. I knew they had something special. I told Nick I would like to produce the movie and began communications with Paula, Nick's mom. I contacted a great scriptwriter in Los Angeles who is the cousin of an actor I had worked with in Portland and they were eager to get on board after reading the script. So here we begin the journey of making an Indie motion picture. The next step is raising $1,500 to obtain the first rewrite of the script. Donate now and be a part of this unique opportunity. Thank you in advance!
Share On more Share On more
1. When they just existed with this jawline and it was borderline offensive. Ethan Miller / Getty Images
2. When they covered it up with this beard but it was OK because of THIS BEARD. Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty Images
3. And then when they shaved and it was also OK because, well... Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF FilmNation
4. When their whole face was just beautiful and you couldn't look away. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Studiocanal
5. When these locks of hair lovingly caressed their face and it was so damn good. Rob Kim / Getty Images
6. And when the wind gently billowed through their hair and it was even better. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Disney
7. When they gazed lovingly at their Golden Globe and you wanted them to look at YOUR ~golden globe~ like that. Kevin Winter / Getty Images
8. When they nudged Lupita Nyong'o and you didn't know who to be more jealous of. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF youtube.com
9. When they cuddled this cat and you didn't think they could get any more adorable. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Studiocanal Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Studiocanal
10. When they suited up and it was goddamn perfect. Andrew H. Walker / Getty Images
12. And then they wore this leather jacket and you were like hnnnnggg. Victor Chavez / Getty Images
13. When they smiled like this and it made you feel all tingly. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF fuckyeahoscarisaac.tumblr.com
18. When they ate a doughnut and it was basically a religious experience. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF vimeo.com
22. AND LIKE THIIIIIIIS. Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Imagine Entertainment
23. When they said this and you were like "OK". Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Roadside Attractions
25. And then they talked about their schlong and you slipped off your chair. coolfayebunny.tumblr.com
The Tor Project has flagged 380 Tor relays vulnerable to the critical Heartbleed flaw to be rejected from the Tor anonymity network, reducing the network's entry and exit capacity.
The decision has already been implemented on a Tor directory authority—a server that maintains a list of Tor relays—controlled by Roger Dingledine, the Tor Project leader, and is likely to be followed by other directory authority operators.
The 380 relays flagged for rejection are trusted entry relays, also known as guards, and exit relays. As a result, the immediate impact of this decision would be a 12 percent reduction in the network's guard and exit capacity, Dingledine said Wednesday in an email sent to the tor-relays mailing list.
Traffic from clients typically flows through the Tor network in three hops. The first hop is through a guard relay and the final hop, before the traffic is returned on the Internet to reach its intended destination, is through an exit relay.
Twelve percent might not sound like much, but guard and exit relays play an important role on the network and are not easy to replace. Many relays are run by volunteers, but they need to be trusted and need to have enough bandwidth at their disposal to handle traffic from multiple clients.
“I thought for a while about taking away their Valid flag rather than rejecting them outright, but this way they'll get notices in their logs,” Dingledine said.
Tardy patches seem to be the reason
It seems that the ban might be permanent. Dingledine said that they wouldn't want those relays back on the Tor network even if they upgraded their versions of OpenSSL because their operators didn't patch the flaw in a timely manner.
The Heartbleed vulnerability was announced on Apr. 7 and affects versions 1.0.1 through 1.0.1f of OpenSSL, a library that implements the TLS (Transport Layer Security) encrypted communication protocol and which is used by many operating systems, web servers, browsers and other desktop and mobile applications.
The flaw allows attackers to extract information from the memory of an application that relies on OpenSSL for TLS communications, whether that application acts as a client or a server.
Both the Tor client and relay software is potentially vulnerable if the OpenSSL library is not updated on the underlying OS.
“Tor relays and bridges could maybe be made to leak their medium-term onion keys (rotated once a week), or their long-term relay identity keys,” Dingledine wrote in a blog post last week after the Heartbleed flaw was announced.
“An attacker who has your relay identity key, has your onion key, and can intercept traffic flows to your IP address can impersonate your relay (but remember that Tor's multi-hop design means that attacking just one relay in the client's path is not very useful). In any case, best practice would be to update your OpenSSL package, discard all the files in keys/ in your DataDirectory, and restart your Tor to generate new keys.”
In addition to the 380 guard and exit relays that have been banned already there are over 1,000 other relays that are also vulnerable and should be added to the rejection list at some point soon, Dingledine said.
Young stopper ties down Hawthorns future
ALBION goalkeeper Alex Palmer has signed a new-and-improved contract at The Hawthorns.
The highly-regarded 20-year-old has penned fresh terms until June 2019, with a further 12-month option in the Club's favour.
Palmer is yet to make a first-team outing but has appeared on the bench in the last three Premier League matches as cover for the injured Boaz Myhill.
In total, Palmer has been an unused substitute in six matches, five of which in the league, dating back to May 2015.
And the Baggies stopper, who spent six months on loan at Kidderminster Harriers in 2015/16, expressed their delight at putting pen to paper.
"It's great to finally get the deal sorted so I can focus on my football," they said.
"I want to keep improving and keep moving up the chain, whether that means going out on loan or being on the bench.
"I just have to show I'm good enough and can be trusted to step in when I'm needed."
Palmer also highlighted how a new deal will not affect their work-ethic.
"The hard work never stops," they added.
"For a few days I'll be buzzing because I've signed a new contract - I'm human after all!
"But I know in football you have to switch straight back on and keep going as usual."
China Versus U.S. in Artificial Intelligence Arms Race— #29
Sam DeBrule Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 6, 2017
Awesome, not awesome.
#Awesome
“Unhindered, AI can refine new knowledge without human intervention. Given the subtle differences between AI and human intelligence, it's reasonable to expect that an autonomous AI system will generate its own criteria for judging what passes as new [scientific] knowledge. New knowledge which humans no longer experience as something they themselves have produced would shake the foundations of human culture.” — Janne I Hukkinen, Professor. Learn More on Wired >
#Not Awesome
“Everything, everywhere, will soon be continuously recorded and uploaded to the internet. This will start with dense, urban areas, but over time every single square meter of every part of the globe will be recorded. Advances in computer vision & AI mean this data will be usable at scale, which will revolutionise advertising, law enforcement, and bring us back to a pre-privacy world.” — Ernest Oppetit, Product Manager. Learn More on Hacker Noon >
“What else are you working on besides Machine Learnings?” Usejournal.com
What we're reading.
1/ AI is seen as the “key factor” in the future of warfare, and China's advances in the field keep catching the Pentagon off guard. Learn More on The New York Times >
2/ We need the ability to investigate algorithms and their training data, or we'll risk bringing back policies that financially and socially crippled black families for 30+ years. Learn More on Motherboard >
3/ An investor predicts the biggest successes in the “early days” of deep learning will come from companies building niche marketplaces, platforms to help humans label data, and infrastructure services. Learn More on Harvard Business Review >
4/ A self-aware AI could be the biggest threat to Christian theology since Charles Darwin's observations on natural selection. Learn More on The Atlantic >
5/ AI software is coaching customer service reps, in real-time, on how to best navigate phone conversations. Learn More on MIT Technology Review >
6/ Physicists and AI researchers want to combine machine learning with quantum computers to give birth to a technological revolution. Learn More on Quartz >
7/ MIT researchers are using building machine learning algorithms into wearables to help us introvert avoid awkward conversations. Learn More on Fast Company >
Links from the community.
“Text Classification Using Neural Networks” submitted by gk_(@gk_). Learn More on Machine Learnings >
“Why Hollywood as We Know It Is Already Over” submitted by Carl DeBrule. Learn More on Vanity Fair >
“A Neural Network Playground” submitted by Samiur Rahman (@samiur1204). Learn More on TensorFlow >
“What Everyone is Not Telling You about Artificial Intelligence” submitted by Mate Labs (@matelabs_ai). Learn More on Medium >
Where are we going?
One of the main narratives coming from Silicon Valley this week was the controversy surrounding Elon Musk's decision to stay on Trump's Presidential Advisory Forum. Tesla customers began cancelling their pre-orders for the company's new sedan in response to what they perceive as Musk's tacit approval of the the Muslim travel ban. Similar backlash was enough to force Uber's CEO to leave the Presidential council, but Musk confirmed he'll hold their position as a “moderate” advisor to the president.
This relationship between Musk and Trump has top experts in the field of AI “deeply concerned” about artificial intelligence being used for malicious purposes. In Musk's downtime, when he's not building rockets to take humanity to Mars or self-driving cars, he's working on one of the world's most advanced non-profit AI research companies.
In the #2 link above, we learned how devastating the effects of biased algorithms can be. What sort of social, economic, and political injustices could be unleashed if advanced AI is governed and regulated by President Trump?
Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) are having a huge impact on our lives. We help people make sense of how AI & ML will impact their lives by curating and creating AI content that is accessible and just plain interesting.
Psalm 46 God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Print of Luther's paraphrase of Psalm 46 in Klug's Gesangbuch, 1533: Der xlvi. Psalm / Deus noster refugium et virtus Other name Psalm 46
"Deus noster refugium et virtus" Language Hebrew (original)
Psalm 46 is the 46th psalm of the Book of Psalms, known in English by its beginning, "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble" in the King James Version. In the Greek Septuagint version of the Bible, and in its Latin translation in the Vulgate, this psalm is Psalm 45 in a slightly different numbering system. In Latin, it is known as "Deus noster refugium et virtus".[1] The song is credited to the sons of Korah.
The psalm is a regular part of Jewish, Catholic, Anglican and Protestant liturgies. According to Spurgeon, Psalm 46 is called a "song of holy confidence"; it is also known as "Luther's Psalm", as Martin Luther wrote their popular hymn "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott" ("A Mighty Fortress Is Our God") as a paraphrase of Psalm 46.[2] Luther's hymn has been quoted in many musical works, both religious and secular, including Bach's cantata Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott, BWV 80. Johann Pachelbel set the psalm in German and Jean Philippe Rameau in Latin, among many others.
Themes [ edit ]
According to Henry, this psalm may have been composed after David defeated the enemies of ancient Israel from surrounding lands.[3] Spurgeon notes that the description in verse 1 in the Hebrew Bible version, calling for the psalm to be played "on alamot", could denote either a high-pitched musical instrument or the soprano voices of young girls who went out to dance in celebration of David's victory over the Philistines.[2] The Midrash Tehillim, however, parses the word alamot (Hebrew: עלמות‎) as referring to the "hidden things" that God does for their people.[4] The psalm praises God for being a source of power and salvation in times of trouble. The reference to "morning" in verse 5 alludes to Abraham, who would rise at daybreak to pray to God.[5]
There is a difference of opinion among Christian scholars as to which "river" the psalm is referring to in verse 4 of the KJV, the streams of which make glad the city of God. Among the possibilities are:[6]
It has been proposed that this psalm is prophesying a time when, according to Christian Scripture, Jesus Christ returns to rule the world from Jerusalem for 1,000 years.[6]
Text [ edit ]
Hebrew Bible version [ edit ]
Following is the Hebrew text and an English translation of Psalm 46:[7]
Verse Hebrew English 1 לַֽמְנַצֵּ֥חַ לִבְנֵי־קֹ֑רַח עַל־עֲלָמ֥וֹת שִֽׁיר For the conductor, a song of the sons of Korah, on alamoth. 2 אֱלֹהִ֣ים לָ֖נוּ מַֽחֲסֶ֣ה וָעֹ֑ז עֶזְרָ֥ה בְ֜צָר֗וֹת נִמְצָ֥א מְאֹֽד God is for us a shelter and a strength, a help in troubles;  They are very accessible. 3 עַל־כֵּ֣ן לֹא־נִ֖ירָא בְּהָמִ֣יר אָ֑רֶץ וּבְמ֥וֹט הָ֜רִ֗ים בְּלֵ֣ב יַמִּֽים Therefore we will not fear when the earth changes and when mountains totter into the heart of seas. 4 יֶֽהֱמ֣וּ יֶחְמְר֣וּ מֵימָ֑יו יִֽרְעֲשׁ֨וּ הָרִ֖ים בְּגַֽאֲוָת֣וֹ סֶֽלָה Their waters shall stir and be muddied; mountains shall quake from Their pride forever. 5 נָהָ֗ר פְּלָגָ֗יו יְשַׂמְּח֥וּ עִיר־אֱלֹהִ֑ים קְ֜דֹ֗שׁ מִשְׁכְּנֵ֥י עֶלְיֽוֹן But as for the river–its rivulets shall cause the city of God, the holy place of the dwellings of the Most High, to rejoice. 6 אֱלֹהִ֣ים בְּ֖קִרְבָּהּ בַּל־תִּמּ֑וֹט יַעְזְּרֶ֥הָ אֱ֜לֹהִ֗ים לִפְנ֥וֹת בֹּֽקֶר God is in its midst that it should not totter; God shall help it as morning approaches. 7 הָמ֣וּ ג֖וֹיִם מָ֣טוּ מַמְלָכ֑וֹת נָתַ֥ן בְּקוֹל֗וֹ תָּמ֥וּג אָֽרֶץ Nations have stirred, kingdoms have tottered; They let out Their voice, the earth shall melt. 8 יְהֹוָ֣ה צְבָא֣וֹת עִמָּ֑נוּ מִשְׂגַּב־לָ֜֗נוּ אֱלֹהֵ֖י יַֽעֲקֹ֣ב סֶֽלָה The Lord of Hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress forever. 9 לְכֽוּ־חֲ֖זוּ מִפְעֲל֣וֹת יְהֹוָ֑ה אֲשֶׁר־שָׂ֖ם שַׁמּ֣וֹת בָּאָֽרֶץ Go and see the works of the Lord, that They have wrought devastation in the earth. 10 מַשְׁבִּ֣ית מִלְחָמוֹת֘ עַד־קְצֵ֪ה הָ֫אָ֥רֶץ קֶ֣שֶׁת יְ֖שַׁבֵּר וְקִצֵּ֣ץ חֲנִ֑ית עֲ֜גָל֗וֹת יִשְׂרֹ֥ף בָּאֵֽשׁ They put a stop to wars until the end of the earth; They will break the bow and cut the spear [to pieces]; wagons They will burn with fire. 11 הַרְפּ֣וּ וּ֖דְעוּ כִּי־אָֽנֹכִ֣י אֱלֹהִ֑ים אָר֥וּם בַּ֜גּוֹיִ֗ם אָר֥וּם בָּאָֽרֶץ Desist, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted upon the earth. 12 יְהֹוָ֣ה צְבָא֣וֹת עִמָּ֑נוּ מִשְׂגַּב־לָֹ֜נוּ אֱלֹהֵ֖י יַֽעֲקֹ֣ב סֶֽלָה The Lord of Hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress forever.
King James Version [ edit ]
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea; Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Selah. There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High. God is in the midst of her; they shall not be moved: God shall help her, and that right early. The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: they uttered their voice, the earth melted. The L ORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah. Come, behold the works of the L ORD , what desolations they have made in the earth. They maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth; they breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; they burneth the chariot in the fire. Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth. The L ORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Uses [ edit ]
In Judaism [ edit ]
Portions of the psalm are used or referenced in several Jewish prayers. Verse 2 is part of Selichot.[8] Verse 8 is said in the daily morning service during the recitation of the incense offering, in Pesukei Dezimra, and in Uva Letzion; it is said in Uva Letzion in the Shabbat morning service, Yom Tov afternoon service, and Motza'ei Shabbat evening service as well.[8] Verse 12 is part of the Havdalah ceremony.[8] Yemenite Jews include it as part of Yehi kevod.
In the Siddur Avodas Yisroel, Psalm 46 is the psalm of the day for Shabbat Va'eira.[8]
The psalm is recited as a prayer for the end of all wars.[10]
Catholic [ edit ]
This psalm was traditionally recited or sung at the office of matins on Tuesday[11] after St. Benedict of Nursia established their rule of St. Benedict around 530, mainly in the numerical order of the psalms.[12] Today, Psalm 46 is sung or recited at Vespers on Friday of the first week.[13]
Politics [ edit ]
U.S. President Barack Obama referenced the psalm in several speeches, most notably the Tucson memorial speech[14] and their speech on the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks in New York City.[15]
Musical settings [ edit ]
Martin Luther wrote and composed a hymn which paraphrases Psalm 46, "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott", which was translated as "A Mighty Fortress Is Our God". Luther's hymn was called the Marseillaise of the Reformation by Heinrich Heine in their essay Zur Geschichte der Religion und Philosophie in Deutschland. It inspired many musical works, both religious and secular. Johann Sebastian Bach based their chorale cantata Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott, BWV 80, on Luther's hymn.
From Pachelbel's motet
In the 17th century, Johann Pachelbel composed a motet setting of Psalm 46, Gott ist unser Zuversicht und Stärke. In 1699, Michel-Richard Delalande based a grand motet on the psalm. Jean Philippe Rameau set the psalm for the motet Deus noster refugium.
In contemporary music, the Christian duo Shane & Shane adapted the psalm into the song "Psalm 46 (Lord of Hosts)", which appeared on their 2016 album Psalms II.
Shakespeare's alleged involvement [ edit ]
For several decades, some theorists have suggested that William Shakespeare placed their mark on the translated text of Psalm 46 that appears in the King James Bible, although many scholars view this as unlikely, stating that the translations were probably agreed upon by a committee of scholars.[16]
On the other hand, Shakespeare was in King James' service during the preparation of the King James Bible, and was generally considered to be 46 years old in 1611 when the translation was completed. There are a few extant examples of Shakespeare's actual signature, and as was customary at the time, with spelling being somewhat lax in those pre-standardized days, on at least one occasion they signed it 'Shakspeare', which divides into four and six letters, thus '46'. The 46th word from the beginning of Psalm 46 is "shake" and the 46th word from the end (omitting the liturgical mark "Selah") is "spear" ("speare" in the original spelling).[citation needed]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Building a model of a well-known physical form in Minecraft is an old fascination for us by now. Early in the days of the game's meteoric rise in popularity, we were stunned by scale models of the USS Enterprise, the Taj Mahal, and the underwater city Rapture from Bioshock.
But even beyond those massive structures, there are still limits to push. And computer science PhD student Christopher Mitchell has found one: a 1:1 model of the island of Manhattan, down to perfect replicas of the individual buildings.
Plenty of video games are set in New York: Crysis 2, Crysis 3, Spider-Man 2, Grand Theft Auto IV, and The Godfather II among them. But even when their versions feel right, they tend to be highly stylized and compressed, unable to commit to the full scale of the city. By harnessing a significant amount of processing power and a number of algorithms, Mitchell hopes to eventually create a much more faithful portrayal, albeit one composed of parts that Minecraft players are normally using to frantically defend themselves against Creepers.
Mitchell first posted about their project a year ago in the Cemetech forums, where programmers and hobbyists go to discuss coding for graphing calculators, among other things. In the forums, Mitchell exhibited models of a handful of iconic New York buildings like the Flatiron, the Chrysler Building, the New York Public Library, and Manhattan's side of the Brooklyn Bridge. Some of the structures are clearly thrown off due to their softer and more nebulous surfaces, like the trees surrounding the library. But at a distance, they are decent replicas of their real-life counterparts.
While generating a building or a single structure is tough but doable, the challenges of replicating an entire city composed of those building models are gargantuan. The buildings are an expression of a larger system that Mitchell is pulling together that they have termed "SparseWorld." According to a paper Mitchell wrote for the magazine Technophilic, the system combines "orthoimagery, bathyspheric, and elevation data from the USGS EROS service, and 3D buildings from Google's 3D Warehouse" to create models. In the case of Manhattan, it takes a server cluster with 300 cores and 200GB of RAM a few hours to render Mitchell's current best version of a model of Manhattan.
"I owe some mentorship on how to interact with USGS data to the author of the TopoMC tool," Mitchell told Ars via e-mail. The TopoMC project itself handles models best when scaling them 1:6, but Mitchell rewrote TopoMC to better handle 1:1 scaling for SparseWorld. In Minecraft, one block is considered equal to one cubic meter, so that becomes the limit on how granular the Manhattan model can be.
The entire SparseWorld system is written in Python and uses Google 3D Warehouse data in the Collada format, as well as the PyCollada library, to create voxelized virtual models of available buildings. Initially, the system figured out the rectangular prism that contained the building in question and then filled it in with Minecraft stone. A later version "iterates over the surface of the [building] mesh rather than the volume of the enclosing prism" to reduce complexity.
Where Mitchell runs into completion problems is in the building of models to populate the entire city. Rather than generating the city procedurally or using pre-fab models, they want to build a full replica of the city, brick by Minecraft brick. "Google's 3D Warehouse has provided many excellent models to test and hone my conversion algorithms against," Mitchell told Ars. "But it only includes models of well-known landmarks, and even then the models are of varying quality."
Where to get replicable data for every building in New York City? "Completion is reliant on getting models for every building on every street, and to my knowledge, only Google has that much information," Mitchell said of Google's Earth and Maps combination of products. Here.com, which used to be Nokia Ovi Maps, and Microsoft's Bing are other possible sources.
The problem is that these companies' data is under license and encrypted, which Mitchell doesn't want to mess with under the table. "I've considered reverse-engineering the encrypted format that Google Earth uses to fetch building models from the server and just keep the building models to myself," Mitchell said, but they still worry about violating the Google Earth license. He's had trouble getting in touch with the right people at Google to discuss accessing the data and using it for the academic pursuit of a Minecraft Manhattan. They have also reached out to the Here.com and Bing teams.
The version of Manhattan that SparseWorld currently generates is 277 square meters of terrain, with 71 billion cubic meters of information compressed into the generated map. But because of the lack of building data, the map mostly lacks in dimension.
Going forward, Mitchell hopes to eventually figure out a way to identify repeated patterns in buildings to help with rendering windows and to use land-cover data from the USGS to place trees in the world (very necessary if Minecraft players are to actually play in Manhattan). They also know that Python is not sustainable for the system and wants to eventually transition to a compiled language.
Mitchell hopes to complete the map as an expression of how far computing power has come. In the past, video games have relied on either the painstaking work of artists or a procedural algorithm to create a setting. With a functional SparseWorld, games could, theoretically, be set in familiar locations without having to be an artist's rendering limited by the constraints of a single system.
Washington parents and grandparents who bought prepaid college-tuition units under the GET program can exit the program without incurring penalties.
Investors who bought Washington prepaid college-tuition units can pull their money out without incurring state penalties, a board that oversees the program has decided.
The decision gives account holders in the Guaranteed Education Tuition (GET) plan until December 2016 to decide whether they want to cash out.
Account holders who paid $163 or more — the price over the last four years — will receive a refund of the amount they paid.
What should you do? Account-holders who are contemplating a change should call or email the GET staff, 1-800-955-2318 or GETInfo@wsac.wa.gov. According to GET, information about how to ask for a refund will also be posted on the website by Wednesday, at www.get.wa.gov.
Those who paid less than $163 will receive $117 — the current value of a GET unit. The cost of GET units jumped from $117 in 2011 to $163 in 2012.
The program's managers don't think this move spells the end of GET.
“From customer surveys and customers that have called in, we know not everyone is going to request a refund,” said Ryan Betz, associate director of marketing and communications for GET. “A lot have shared with us they still believe in the program — they're going to stick it out, their kids are young … there's still plenty of time and plenty of opportunity for tuition-setting policy to change.”
The refund offer comes after state lawmakers decided this year to cut the cost of college tuition. GET's payouts are based on tuition at the most expensive public university in the state, but because tuition is falling, some investors might never recover all of their initial purchase price.
And parents whose children go to private or out-of-state schools are also concerned about losing ground because tuition at those schools continues to rise while the payout for GET units is frozen for now.
The program will begin taking requests for refunds on Wednesday. The GET fund contains about $2.87 billion, and there are 130,000 active accounts.
Those who decide to pull out of the program will receive a check in the mail, and GET staffers estimate it will take 10 to 12 weeks to issue a refund, Betz said.
There are some caveats for account-holders who decide to invest elsewhere.
Those who withdraw from GET must reinvest the money within 60 days in another IRS-recognized education-savings plan, called 529 plans after the section of the Internal Revenue Code that created them.
If the money isn't reinvested 60 days after the refund check is issued, account-holders will face federal penalties — income tax on any gains they have made, plus an additional 10 percent penalty.
In a 529 plan, investments grow free from federal taxes, and the money is not taxed when it is taken out to pay for college. The money is typically invested in mutual funds or similar investments, much like a 401(k) or IRA. Most states offer 529 plans, which are open to investors from any state.
Washington is also considering setting up its own 529 plans.
For now, though, it is one of just a handful of states that offer a prepaid-tuition plan only. GET allows parents to pay tuition in advance, but at a premium price that's higher than the cost of tuition today.
Unlike a 529 plan, the GET program is guaranteed to keep pace with the cost of in-state tuition, which has always either gone up each year or, more recently, been frozen by lawmakers. But this year, the Legislature rolled tuition back at public colleges by 5 to 20 percent for the next two academic years.
As part of that decision, lawmakers also froze the payout value of a GET unit at $117 for two years; before then, GET's payout value was linked to the tuition and fees at the state's most-expensive public university.
On Tuesday, the GET committee extended $117 as the minimum payout of a GET unit until the cost of tuition and mandatory fees at the most expensive public state university exceeds $11,700 a year — the benchmark upon which the current GET valuation is based.
Last year, the most expensive school was University of Washington Tacoma. This year, UW Tacoma tuition and mandatory fees are $11,245; next year they will drop another 10 percent.
The legislation that cut college tuition also charged the GET committee with drafting a report on the feasibility of creating a Washington 529 plan. And while that report isn't due until December 2016, state Treasurer James McIntire, a GET committee member, said they hoped the state could have a 529 savings plan operating before then.
Just a few years ago, during the economic downturn, GET ran into funding woes when the combined forces of double-digit tuition growth and the falling value of its investments caused the program to become underfunded.
That's not a problem today.
State Actuary Matt Smith told the GET committee Tuesday that as of June 30, the fund is 141 percent funded; it contains $2.87 billion, and the present value of its future obligations — GET payouts — is $2.04 billion, giving it a reserve of $835 million. But Smith also described the fund's status as “highly sensitive to short-term changes in tuition growth” as well as fluctuations in investment returns.
The funded status assumes the Legislature won't claw back the tuition cut it made earlier this year, they said. And it also doesn't take into account stock-market fluctuations since June.
Massive, high-profile data breaches pockmarked 2014, culminating in the bizarre events surrounding the hack of Sony Pictures—allegedly by North Korea in retaliation for the politically incorrect stoner comedy The Interview. That's a tough act to follow, but I'm sure 2015 will make an effort. I spoke with security experts to find out what we have to look forward to.
1. IoT: The Insecurity of Things
The Internet of Things has become an inundation of things. Hundreds of innovative, connected devices have emerged to interact with, track, monitor, and simplify just about every area of our lives. But these technologies typically have access to sensitive, personal information, and they also introduce a wide variety of new security issues for attackers to exploit.
2015 may be the year that IoT takes on a new meaning—the Insecurity of Things. “In previous years the Internet of Things was not a big deal," warns Robert Hansen, VP of WhiteHat Labs for WhiteHat Security, "but we're seeing an increasing number of vulnerabilities in internet capable devices, like TVs, home security systems, automation.”
2. Sophisticated DDoS Attacks
Denial-of-service attacks are more of an annoyance than anything else. They don't directly steal your information, or cause any overt harm—they just flood a site or service with so much traffic that it becomes overwhelmed and prevents legitimate users from connecting to it. As many Xbox and PlayStation gamers learned over the holidays, though, DDoS attacks are becoming more advanced, and have a very real impact.
“In 2014, DDoS attacks became much more sophisticated. Though much of the reporting focused on the size of attacks, a more troubling trend was the advancement in attack techniques,” stresses Barry Shteiman, director of security strategy for Imperva. They note that attackers have evolved beyond simple flooding of traffic, and can now morph and adapt based on the defenses in place on the target network.
3. Social Media attacks
Mark Bermingham, director of global B2B marketing at Kaspersky Lab, anticipates a rise in social media and waterholing attacks—compromising a website or service commonly used by the target group in an effort to infect one or more of them, and allow the malware to spread from there. Attackers continue to develop new techniques to exploit social networks. As Bermingham puts it, “Security measures can't overcome stolen credentials and click-throughs to dubious links.”
Kevin Epstein, VP of advanced security and governance at Proofpoint, agrees that social media attacks are a serious concern for 2015. In a recent blog post, they note, “In 2015, Proofpoint expects inappropriate or malicious social media content to grow 400 percent as attackers target enterprise social media accounts to perpetrate confidence schemes, distribute malware, and steal customer data.” Greater awareness and vigilance are the best defenses.
4. Mobile Malware
Security experts have been banging the drum about the threat of mobile malware for years. The fact that it hasn't yet materialized in a major attack has eroded the credibility of the claims, though, which means many users don't take it seriously and have let their guard down. The sheer volume of mobile devices, and the prevalence of new mobile malware threats only increase the likelihood that a major mobile malware attack will happen. Will 2015 finally be the year?
Kaspersky's Bermingham said, “As consumers and businesses shift to using mobile devices for a greater percentage of their daily activities, cybercriminals will place a larger emphasis on targeting these platforms—specifically Android and jail-broken IOS devices. Remote find, lock and wipe aren't enough.”
5. Third-party Attacks
Cybercriminals generally take the path of the least resistance, and they've learned that contractors and other third-party providers can provide an opening into otherwise-secured corporate networks. Major data breaches at retailers like Target and Home Depot occurred because attackers were able to obtain valid network credentials from trusted, third-party providers, and just walk right in.
This vulnerability extends far beyond corporations, though. Steve Durbin, managing director of the Information Security Forum, stresses that everyone needs to consider who has been entrusted to connect to or access sensitive information, and whether those entities or individuals have appropriate security measures in place.
This list is by no means comprehensive or conclusive. The very nature of innovative exploits means that we may be caught off guard by a completely new attack. And you may not be able to do much, personally, to prevent third-party attacks or DDoS attacks. But you can keep all of your hardware, software and services updated, and employ security controls to defend against attacks. There is no substitute for awareness and common sense.
Posted on January 23, 2017 by Anthony Ciardulli
One of the most popular phrases in the NFL is Black Monday. It's when Coaches coming off unsuccessful seasons get their pink slips on the first day the regular season ends. It's unbelievable the upheaval one team may go through even before the playoffs begin. Coming off a disappointing 5-13 record many thought the Argonauts were destined down a similar path.
There were calls to move on from GM Jim Barker and Head Coach Scott Milanovich after a slew of in-season roster moves left both fans and media curious and confused to say the least. One of the more consistent defenders on the team Keon Raymond was let go with little to no reason. Last year receiver Vidal Hazelton, Tori Gurley and Kevin Elliott were praised as impact rookies with a bright future in Double Blue. One year later all 3 were showed the door on the same day due to commitment and an overall lack of discipline. The perceived dysfunction in the locker room served as a perfect storm for a complete redo in 2017.
That's what happened in Montreal even before the season ended. Busy dealing with their own infighting the Alouettes announced long time General Manager and Head Coach Jim Popp wasn't coming back. Montreal now has a new President, GM and Coach going into 2017. There was talk of a culture change, a new approach and a return to winning football. The Alouettes acted quickly this off-season by adding Darian Durant to that mix and Montreal now finally has the high caliber starting quarterback it's gone without since Anthony Calvillo retired.
Instead the opposite has happened in Toronto. There was no press conference. President Michael Copeland stated at season's end that a complete and thorough review of the entire organization was going to take place. That's as much as we have heard from Argo land. If that review has brought up anything it certainly hasn't been shared with either media or the fan base.
Speculation around the league is that the longer Toronto goes without announcing any major changes the more likely things are poised to remain the same. And with no source or access to information to base this on it's my opinion that is exactly what's going to happen. Potential candidates currently working in the CFL aren't likely to get their release this time of year, making the list of potential replacements for both a GM or Coach that much more difficult. Whatever we might think or whatever we may want, the bottom line is that Jim Barker and Scott Milanovich aren't going anywhere.
There are a few reasons why this is probably the case.
1) Roster Moves – The Argonauts have made a slew of moves resigning some key pending free agents. From bringing back Shawn Lemon, Anthony Coombs and Lirim Hajrullahu to releasing Josh Bourke you have to believe that an Ownership group looking to make a change on the Football Operations side would step in and give the incumbent a clean slate to rebuild the team. Further to that free agency is less than a month away. Putting a new GM in place even today would be almost an impossible task to have someone come in, evaluate the roster and decide how to move forward.
2) The Long Term View – When Toronto moved to BMO Field and the team was declared hosts of the 2016 Grey Cup so much of the planning were for the here and now. But it's important to remember that Michael Copeland also reiterated that the return of the Argonauts return to prominence in Toronto was a 3 to 5 year task. So does it make sense for a complete overhaul after 1 year especially when both Barker and Milanovich have 2 years left on their contracts?
3) Drew Willy – While I have absolutely no problem with any of deals signed this offseason the return of Drew Willy is a potential Pandora's Box. Their acquisition was a water shed moment last year. Their contract, what the Argonauts gave up in return to get him, and the terms of their restructured contract clearly tie Jim Barker and Scott Milanovich to the former BlueBomber. I don't believe you can restructure Willy's contract one day then be relieved of your duties the next. The belief, given their poor performance in limited action last year, tells me that the Management team and Coaches firmly believe that a full off-season and training camp can provide a return the team believed it would get when the trade to acquire Willy was made. As stated many times before the CFL is a quarterback league and the success of the team in 2017 will be directly tied to who is under centre.
Maybe some would have liked an Argo press conference at seasons end announcing wholesale changes. The team would be in the news and conversations can be had from fan both old and new. That I guess could still happen. But Ownership along with Michael Copeland it appears, have taken a steady approach with a calm hand rather than a fiery fist. The pressure to host a Grey Cup game like it did in 2012 was perhaps overwhelming. But Barker and Milanovich both have successful CFL pedigree and appear to have been given a chance to fix all that went wrong on the field in 2016.
Now should the team be on pace for another 5-13 season, which inevitably would also say that Drew Willy wasn't able to find their game again, I have no doubt major moves will come and all bets are off. And oh yeah, there will be a press conference.
Follow Anthony on Twitter @comicanthony
[Joss] said, ‘When you go home and Google her, just know you will never ever have to wear what they wear in the comics.' Because I did ballet growing up, but that's not a confident look.
While the Marvel Cinematic Universe has done an amazing job of transitioning many of their characters from the page to the screen, several have gone through some significant changes in making the leap. The character who may have seen the most change from page to screen is Elizabeth Olsen's Scarlet Witch, who went through a fairly substantial physical transformation. The actor says the traditional look for the character was never going to happen. Joss Whedon promised them that from day one.Appearing on Late Night with Seth Meyers in advance of this weekend's Captain America: Civil War , the host asked Elizabeth Olsen about the more traditional look of the character. Apparently, Olsen was not previously familiar with the character whendirector Joss Whedon presented it to her, but they promised their one thing:While all of the characters in the MCU have their ornate and somewhat bizarre outfits, most of them tend to make some sense. A couple of the guys wear giant suits of armor. The guy with the shield is a soldier. It's difficult to argue that Wanda Maximoff's clothing choice was particularly functional. It looks amazing as a piece of art on a comic page, there's no question about that, but they would have had to have come up with a pretty convincing argument for why the character would choose to dress like that. It's just not the sort of thing one would wear on a battlefield.Elizabeth Olsen is making their second appearance as Scarlet Witch in Captain America: Civil War . Check out their comments about the costume, along with some info on the importance of their hand movements, in the video below.Would you have liked to have seen a more traditional Scarlet Witch in the MCU, or do you prefer them more realistic look? Let us know in the comments.There's one more Marvel movie coming to theaters this year:, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, Tilda Swinton and Rachel McAdams. ButIs Spider-Man getting a movie? Black Panther? We have all of the details for you, so read on!
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
As we get closer to the trade deadline, the Ducks continue to emerge as potentially huge players.
With a boatload of good young defensemen and an offense that could use a punch — Anaheim sits 19th in the NHL in goals per game — all the makings are there for a significant move.
So where do things stand?
“The phone has started to ring,” GM Bob Murray said, per the O.C. Register. “Not specifically about the young defensemen but more about teams preparing for the deadline.”
Ah yes, the young defensemen.
Anaheim has one of the best 25-and-under collections in hockey. Last month, AHL standout Brandon Montour made their big league debut, thereby joining a group that already included Shea Theodore, Cam Fowler, Sami Vatanen, Hampus Lindholm and Josh Manson.
The latter three are already established as full-time NHLers. Beyond those, there's also '15 first-rounder Jacob Larsson (who made their NHL debut earlier this year) and Swedish blueliner Marcus Pettersson, who was taken 17 spots ahead of Montour at the '14 draft.
Fowler, of course, has been floated in trade rumors for a while. There was widespread speculation he'd be moved at last year's draft, to the point where even they expressed surprise that they aren't dealt. But such a move seems unlikely now, largely because he's been arguably Anaheim's best blueliner this season.
Which points to other assets potentially in play.
Also in play? The looming specter of this summer's expansion draft.
From the Register:
Murray also has to factor in the expansion draft and the three defensemen to protect in order to make seven forwards off limits. Being able to get defender Kevin Bieksa to waive their no-movement clause will be key in any 7-3-1 expansion plan.
But if he's going to move one of their prized assets, it is going to be for someone who is going to remain with the Ducks beyond this season. “Any young player deal would be a hockey deal,” Murray said, “not a rental.”
At this stage, it's hard not to connect the dots to Colorado. The Avs are in major need of blueline help, have two good forwards in Gabriel Landeskog and Matt Duchene — both under contract through 2021 and 2019, respectively — and Avs GM Joe Sakic was in attendance for recent Ducks game.
Related: Is Anaheim readying to move a defenseman?
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Aug. 22, 2017, 5:33 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Aliyah Frumin
There may be a bright side if you received one of those annoying robocalls offering a free cruise. Turns out, you may be eligible for up to $900.
That "free cruise" call could get you up to $900 because of a class-action lawsuit. Reuters
That's because a judge in Chicago recently approved a settlement that mandates Resort Marketing Group and Carnival, Royal Caribbean and Norwegian Cruise Line, shell out cash for their telemarketing calls notifying people they “qualified for a free cruise.”
The judge ruled the calls violated the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act because the marketing company didn't have written permission to use the phone numbers. According to the class-action lawsuit, Resort Marketing Group bought people's contact information from a data broker.
The lawsuit was filed in 2012 by Philip Charvat, a recipient of one of the phone calls.
Depending on the number of plaintiffs who come forward, the settlement is worth $7 million to $12.5 million.
People who received the calls between July 2009 and March 2014 can receive up to $900, or $300 for a maximum of three calls.
A website has been set up so potential plaintiffs can check to see if their phone numbers are in Resort Marketing Group's database. Those eligible have until Nov. 3 to file a claim.
The House moved yesterday to keep the growing e-cigarette industry away from Ohio youths, but the bill continues to draw fire from those who say the hidden purpose is to shield the products from state cigarette taxes.
The House moved yesterday to keep the growing e-cigarette industry away from Ohio youths, but the bill continues to draw fire from those who say the hidden purpose is to shield the products from state cigarette taxes.
With the sales of electronic cigarettes reaching an estimated $1.7 billion in 2013, Rep. Stephanie Kunze, R-Hilliard, said their bill is focused on banning sales of the nicotine-infused products to people younger than 18. They said a national study recently found that the number of middle- and high-school students who have tried e-cigarettes doubled in one year.
�This new product is opening up an entirely new generation that can be addicted to nicotine,� Kunze said. �There is also an alarming trend of e-cigarettes being used as the vehicle for other drugs.�
When the user inhales, an e-cigarette heats up nicotine-infused liquid inside, releasing a vapor that is inhaled and exhaled. They come in a variety of flavors, including chocolate, cotton candy and Dr Pepper.
Rep. Nickie Antonio, D-Lakewood, said keeping e-cigarettes away from children is important, but the bill defines the products under a new category that protects them from state cigarette taxes and laws such as the indoor smoking ban.
�It�s important that we don�t carve out this new category,� they said. Democratic amendments to change the definition of the devices and to cover them under the indoor smoking ban were defeated.
Some have argued that the devices are healthier alternatives to regular cigarettes and should not be taxed to discourage their use. Anti-smoking groups say the products have not been studied enough to make any determinations.
The bill was brought to Kunze by Lorillard Tobacco Co., which purchased e-cigarette company Blu in July 2012. The bill passed 67-25 and now goes to the Senate.
Kunze said the bill does not prevent future tax changes and they don�t understand why groups including the American Cancer Society and heart and lung associations are opposing it when they backed a similar measure last year in Indiana.
The Cancer Society has said that it did not become aware until recently that the bills were part of a nationwide push by the tobacco industry to avoid having the products taxed like regular cigarettes.
The Cancer Society says higher taxes are more effective at keeping tobacco products away from teenagers than laws restricting sales to youths.
E-cigarettes �contain nicotine, which is highly addictive and derived from tobacco,� said Jeff Stephens of the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network of Ohio. �There is no reason to give these products special treatment in the (law).�
jsiegel@dispatch.com
@phrontpage
Harry Hayfield's weekly preview
Noel Park (Lab defence) and Woodside (Lab defence) on Haringey
Result of council at last election (2014): Labour 48, Liberal Democrats 9 (Labour majority of 39)
Result of ward at last election (2014) : Emboldened denotes elected
Noel Park
Labour 1,897, 1,807, 1,782 (55%)
Green Party 503, 332, 309 (15%)
Liberal Democrats 492, 491, 437 (14%)
United Kingdom Independence Party 220 (6%)
Conservatives 213, 210, 163 (6%)
Independent 128 (4%)
Candidates duly nominated: Derin Adebiyi (Lib Dem), Mike Burgess (Con), Paul Burnham (Trade Unionist and Socialist), Stephen Mann (Lab), Mike McGowan (Green), Neville Watson (UKIP)
Woodside
Labour 2,018, 1,947, 1,865 (57%)
Liberal Democrats 418, 393, 361 (12%)
Green Party 406, 342, 254 (12%)
Conservatives 271, 244, 207 (8%)
United Kingdom Independence Party 259 (7%)
Trade Unionist and Socialist 100 (3%)
Independent 61 (2%)
Candidates duly nominated: Annette Baker (Green), Robert Broadhurst (Con), Jenni Hollis (Lib Dem), Peter Mitchell (Lab), Andrew Price (UKIP)
Since the general election, the Liberal Democrats have seen their vote share increase by 3% in local by-elections. This, in conjunction with the surge of new members after the general election, could be seen as evidence of a fightback by the Liberal Democrats, however apart from gaining Llay on Wrexham from Labour, most of the gains have been from the Conservatives. These two by-elections in Haringey will be an ever bigger test for the party as the Liberal Democrats in 2006 came within two seats of gaining control of the council.
This was the peak of a Liberal Democrat surge in the council area that in 2001 saw the Liberal Democrats gain second place in the Hornsey and Wood Green constituency (on a swing of 13% from Lab to Lib Dem) which increased to 15% in 2005 enabling the Liberal Democrats to gain the seat at that election and despite the Liberal Democrats losing support in the council elections of 2010, there was another 4% swing from Labour to Liberal Democrat at that general election. If they can manage a similar performance against Labour in an area they used to perform so well in, then yes, there is indeed a Liberal Democrat fightback in England and Wales
Ayr East on South Ayrshire (SNP defence)
Result of council at last election (2012): Conservatives 10, Scottish National Party 9, Labour 9, Independents 2 (No Overall Control, Conservatives short by 6)
Result of ward at last election (2012) : Emboldened denotes elected
Conservatives 1,135, 554 (33%)
Scottish National Party 371, 1,238 (32%)
Labour 1,199 (23%)
Independents 331, 291 (12%)
Candidates duly nominated: Andrew Bryden (Ind), Dan McCroskrie (Con), Boyd Murdoch (Green), John Wallace (SNP), Susan Wilson (Lab)
Scotland, however, is a different kettle of fish for the Liberal Democrats (demonstrated by the lack of a candidate in this by-election). South Ayrshire was one of the councils most affected by the introduction of the Single Transferable Vote in 2007. In 1999, the council was a Labour heartland but in 1999 (at the same time as the Conservatives gained the Scottish constituency of Ayr) the Conservatives had a field day making 8 net gains (all from Labour) and in 2003 they forced a tie with Labour and in the first STV elections.
The Conservatives became the largest party (but still short of a majority) and then in 2012 came the SNP surge as they made nine net gains (five from Conservative and five from Labour and losing one to the Independents) so despite the sudden drop in swing from Labour to the SNP in the by-elections last week, it will be interesting to see if there is a Conservative to SNP swing in an area that is traditionally strongly Conservative.
Bourn on South Cambridgeshire (Con defence)
Result of council at last election (2015): Conservatives 38, Liberal Democrats 11, Independents 7, Labour 1 (Conservative majority of 19)*-
Result of ward at last election (2014): Conservative 677 (25%), Independent 527 (20%), Labour 427 (16%), United Kingdom Independence Party 383 (14%), Independent 327 (12%), Green Party 186 (7%), Liberal Democrats 148 (6%)
Candidates duly nominated: Gavin Clayton (Lab), Simon Crocker (Con), Helene Green (UKIP), Marcus Pitcaithly (Green), Jeni Sawford (Lib Dem)
South Cambridgeshire is another area that the Liberal Democrat fightback should be able to show progress. Although the Liberal Democrats have never controlled the council, since 2010 the Liberal Democrats have lost nine councillors so a Liberal Democrat gain here (on roughly a 9.5% swing) would certainly make the Conservatives concerned for the 2016 elections, but in 2016 there will be Independents standing so the question is “Do Independents when they don't have a candidate vote Liberal Democrat?” If so, then with 32% of the vote going to the Independents in 2014, then the Lib Dems could be on track for one of their best elections in nearly eight years.
Sunderland rejected Tolgay Arslan in the summer but they are the subject of English interest again with Spurs reportedly keen.
Tolgay Arslan could have been at the bottom of the Championship right now. According to the Northern Echo, Turkish champions Besiktas offered the midfielder to Sunderland in the summer as part of a deal to take Jeremain Lens to the Vodafone Arena.
Sunderland were not willing to entertain any cash-plus-player offers, however, meaning Lens was sold for £4.5 million while Arslan remained in Turkey. A few months on, Besiktas will be glad Sunderland decided against taking up their offer.
Arslan has been in fine form so far this season and their value has skyrocketed as a result. And the former Germany Under-21 international now has a higher standard of club tracking their progress.
Fotomac reports that Tottenham Hotspur have been impressed by Arslan's improved displays at the heart of Besiktas' midfield this season – and are planning a January bid of around £9 million.
Besiktas, however, would demand around £10.5 million – though such a fee is clearly within Spurs' budget.
The 27-year-old is a real all-round midfielder, renowned for their effectiveness at either end of the pitch. Arslan is not only a combative ball winner but also an intelligent passer who carries the ball impressively in transition.
Where they would fit in at Tottenham, however, is debateable. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino already has so many quality central midfield options at their disposal that Eric Dier has been forced to drop into defence while Moussa Dembele has lost their place in the starting XI.
Arslan, however, could provide further quality and depth in a side who aim to compete on both domestic and European fronts for the forseeable future.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has won Turkey's presidential election, setting the stage for the controversial leader to retain power for years.
ISTANBUL // On the fringes of Kasimpasha, a working-class Istanbul district, and just opposite an old graveyard sits Yashar Hoca's Place, a cafe and living shrine to the neighbourhood's most famous son, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
“He used to come around all the time,” says Hassan Camurluayak, enjoying an evening tea with their friends beneath rows of pictures, some framed, some glued to the cafe's white tiles, of Ataturk, Turkey's founder, of Mr Erdoğan, its present-day leader, and of the Ottoman sultans.
“He was both serious and courteous, all prayer and mosque,” Mr Camurluayak, a pensioner, says of the young Mr Erdoğan. “Me and the guys, we were religious too, but we sometimes played cards. He'd never join. We drank coffee. He'd never drink with us.”
On August 28, Mr Erdoğan, Turkey's prime minister since 2003, will move across the capital Ankara to set up camp in the presidential residence. By the time their first term comes to an end, they will have ruled Turkey for nearly 17 years, longer than Ataturk, and will have arguably reshaped the country as much as the revered leader.
Under Ataturk, Turkey crawled out from the debris of the Ottoman Empire, embraced secularism, at least nominally, and tried to forge a new, entirely Western, identity, abandoning all pretensions to being a Muslim power.
Under Mr Erdoğan, political Islam, paired with economic liberalism, has made a triumphant comeback.
The newly elected president, who turned 60 this year, was 43 when Turkey's generals, the self-appointed guardians of Ataturk's legacy, pressured their Islamist mentor Necmettin Erbakan into resigning as prime minister, the fourth such intervention since 1960.
Mr Erdoğan was 45 when they sentenced to jail for four months, convicted of incitement to religious hatred. Their offence was to have read a nationalist poem at a political rally. It was 1999.
By the time they came to power at the helm of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) three years later, the former Istanbul mayor had ditched the overtly Islamist rhetoric, embraced ties with the West, and successfully courted Turkish liberals.
In their third and last term as prime minister, many of these alliances crumbled. Mr Erdoğan's once lauded efforts to remove the army from politics increasingly resembled a vendetta. Democratic reforms stalled, prompting liberal allies to jump ship. As the economy took off and as Europe began to turn inward, the dream of EU accession, a one-time strategic goal, faded into irrelevance.
Starting with foreign policy and ending with soap operas centred on the lives of the sultans, Turkey embraced its Ottoman past, albeit with mixed results. Having lent almost unconditional backing to the rebels fighting Bashar Al Assad's regime in Syria, Mr Erdoğan's government now finds itself bordering not one but two failed states. In Egypt, where it backed deposed president Mohammed Morsi, Turkey is left with precious few friends. Relations with Israel are at rock bottom.
The country is increasingly conservative. After new taxes, alcohol prices are among the highest in Europe. A ban on the Islamic headscarf in public places, including state universities, has been dismantled. Religious school graduates are free to enter the bureaucracy. Among secular Turks, but not only, statements like those made by deputy prime minister Bulent Arinc, who recently argued that women should avoid laughing in public, are met with a mix of ridicule and alarm.
In Kasimpasha, however, the range of superlatives used to describe Mr Erdoğan grows with each day.
“They like to say they were a brawler when they were young,” says Eyup Guzel, a former printer. “It's not true. They were always polite.”
“Now he's become ever nicer, even more tolerant,” adds Mr Camurluayak.
Mr Erdoğan themselves has produced plenty of evidence to the contrary. In 2009, at a panel in Davos, they snapped after the moderator, a journalist, refused to allot them more time to condemn an ongoing Israeli offensive in Gaza. “When it comes to killing, you know well how to kill,” they told Israeli president Shimon Peres, seated beside him, seconds before leaving the stage and vowing never to set foot in Davos again.
The episode, which won Mr Erdoğan plaudits at home and in the Arab world, consolidated their reputation, cultivated carefully since, as a champion of oppressed Muslim peoples. In the run up to Sunday's presidential election, Mr Erdoğan had sprinkled their rhetoric with numerous references to the plight of the Palestinians in Gaza and the Muslim Brothers in Egypt.
Mr Erdoğan was born in Kasimpasha, but they spent part of their childhood in Rize, their father's hometown, on Turkey's rugged Black Sea coast. “He's like the people here,” says Huseyin Akyol, an AKP party boss from Ordu, another town in the area. “When you're with them one on one, he's friendly and warm, but when necessary they turn aggressive.”
Mr Erdoğan's critics fear their aggression might be getting the better of him. Over the past week alone, they pledged to continue their crackdown on the Gulen community, an influential Islamic movement, which they accuse of having tried to topple their government in December by engineering a massive corruption scandal. They took exception to being called an Armenian, which they considered an insult. Finally, they lashed out at an Economist correspondent, the last of many journalists to end up in their crosshairs, calling them “shameless” and “militant”.
Among opponents at home and allies abroad, unease about an Erdoğan presidency has grown since last summer's brutal crackdown against anti-government protesters, which left eight dead and the country split down the middle.
A recent cartoon featured Mr Erdoğan addressing their electorate with the words, “I'll discriminate and insult everyone until the elections, but I'll be the president of all Turks thereafter.”
At Yashar's Place, within eyeshot of a small roundabout festooned with flags bearing Mr Erdoğan's image and the words, “Man of the People,” there are few such qualms.
“He was the prefect prime minister, and he'll be the prefect president,” says Mr Camurluayak.
Someone volunteers that Mr Erdoğan might be to Turkey's 21st century what Ataturk had been to its 20th. The comment falls on deaf ears. “He's like Suleyman,” says Senol Yuras, a kitchen maker, comparing the new president instead to the 16th century sultan, whose drawing hangs in the back of the cafe. “Magnificent.”
foreign.desk@thenational.ae
Most people think that color is the only difference between red, green, orange, and yellow bell peppers. We have even pondered that it may even be an evil ploy to sell more bell peppers. But, if you peel back the layers of the pepper, you will find that there are plenty of differences between the different colored bell peppers.
The difference between red, green, orange, and yellow bell peppers
Despite their varied color, from a scientific standpoint, all bell peppers originate from the same genus and species of plant, scientifically known as Capsicum annuum. The difference in color that you see in bell peppers is due the use of different cultivars. This means that cultivars, which is a fancy word for cultivated varieties are plants that have come from removing them from an existing plant rather than from seeds. So on any given bell pepper plant there may exist an array of colored peppers dependent upon many factors. The seed source of all the bell peppers are the same, which in this case is Capsicum annuum, but they have different characteristics depending upon the special variety of the plant.
The two major factors responsible for the difference in a bell pepper's color is its time of harvesting and degree of ripening. Although it's true that in most cases a green bell pepper usually matures into a yellow/orange bell pepper and then grows on to gain red color, but this is not always the case. However, it's a fact that yellow, orange, and red bell peppers are always more ripe than green ones. This is why yellow, orange, and red bell peppers are costlier than green bell peppers, because they require more time in the ground before they can be harvested.
Therefore, it's important to note that all of the bell peppers come from the same species of plant, and their different colors are achieved by following a natural process, not by any artificial method. However, apart from their unique colors, each differently colored bell pepper has a unique array of nutritional benefits.
1. Green bell pepper
Green bell peppers are picked before they have fully matured and therefore these peppers are often classified as “unripened” among all other peppers. Because they're prematurely harvested, they have a slightly bitter flavor and will never have the sweet taste of their red, yellow and orange counterparts.
Despite being harvested at an immature stage, green bell peppers have several vital nutrients. This bell pepper has plenty of potassium, which is important for promoting muscle contraction apart from regulating blood pressure. Green bell pepper is also well-known to have vitamin C, which aids in the growth and repair of tissue, improves immunity, guards against infections, and helps in prevention of cancer. The vitamin A you get from this bell pepper enhances your lung function, improves your eyesight, and strengthens your immune system.
2. Red bell pepper
Red bell peppers are considered “fully ripened” or matured bell peppers, because they are picked at the later stages of maturity. They often have a sweet, almost fruity taste. While the nutrients in red bell peppers are same as that in green bell peppers, the quantity of nutrients is higher because these peppers get more time on the plant before harvesting.
In addition to other nutrients the red bell pepper has lycopene, which is an antioxidant pigment known for preventing certain types of cancer such as breast and prostate cancer. Nutrients such as zeaxanthin and lutein present in red bell pepper is known to help prevent cataracts and muscular degeneration. Red bell peppers also have eleven times more beta-carotene, one and a half times more vitamin C, and ten times more vitamin A than green bell peppers.
3. Yellow/Orange bell pepper
Orange and yellow peppers are harvested at the midpoint of maturity and therefore fall in between green and red bell peppers on the “ripeness” spectrum. These bell peppers lack the bitterness often associated with green peppers. Although they contain same type of nutrients as that in red and green bell pepper, their quantities are different.
The amount of nutrients in yellow/orange bell pepper are more than that in green peppers, but less than that found in red peppers. That's because green peppers are less mature and red peppers are more mature than their yellow/orange pepper counterparts. The amount of vitamin C is nearly double in yellow/orange bell pepper when compared to green bell pepper. However, the quantity of beta-carotene and vitamin A is one-third as that of green bell pepper.
Conclusion
Bell peppers, like most other vegetables, retain the highest nutritional value when they are consumed in raw form. And all bell peppers, of all colors, are suitable for raw consumption. Now that you know the difference between red, green, orange, and yellow bell peppers, it's time for you to grab yourself some of these crunchy rainbow veggies and make them a vital part of your favorite dishes to get a proper nutritional boost. Did reading this change your color preference for bell peppers? Tell us about it in the comments!
Illustration by Robert Neubecker
In the fall of 1457, villagers in Savigny, France witnessed a sow and six piglets attack and kill a 5-year-old boy. Today, the animals would be summarily killed. But errant 15th-century French pigs went to court. And it wasn't for a show trial—this was the real deal, equipped with a judge, two prosecutors, eight witnesses, and a defense attorney for the accused swine. Witness testimony proved beyond reasonable doubt that the sow had killed the child. The piglets' role, however, was ambiguous. Although splattered with blood, they were never seen directly attacking the boy. The judge sentenced the sow to be hanged by their hind feet from a “gallows tree.” The piglets, by contrast, were exonerated.
Such a case might seem bizarre to modern observers, but animal trials were commonplace public events in medieval and early modern Europe. Pigs, cows, goats, horses, and dogs that allegedly broke the law were routinely subjected to the same legal proceedings as humans. In a court of law, they were treated as persons. These somber affairs, which always adhered to the strictest legal procedures, reveal a bygone mentality according to which some animals possessed moral agency.
Scholars who have explored animals on trial generally avoid addressing this mentality. Instead, they've situated animal trials in several sensible (and academically safer) frameworks. The dominant explanation from legal scholars and historians is that, in a society of people who believed deeply in a divinely determined order of being, with humans at the top, any disruption of God's hierarchy had to be visibly restored with a formal event. Another hypothesis is that animal trials may have provided authorities an opportunity to intimidate the owners of animals—especially pigs—who ran roughshod through the commons. A sow hanging from the gallows was, in essence, a public service announcement saying, Control your pigs or they'll die sooner than you hoped.
While these explanations go partway toward elucidating animal trials, none of them fully clarify the practice. They hardly explain why citizens went to great pains to create space for humans to judge animals for their actions. Correcting hierarchical order or sending a stern message to animal owners could have been accomplished much more easily and cheaply with summary execution. What the trials strongly suggest is that pre-industrial citizens deemed the animals among them worthy of human justice primarily because they had, like humans, the free will to make basic choices.
Judges routinely considered animals' personal circumstances before making a legal decision. Take the exonerated piglets in the opening anecdote. The judge deemed them innocent not only on technical grounds (no witnesses came forth to confirm that the piglets attacked), but also because the pigs were immature, and thus poorly positioned to make clear choices. Furthermore, they were raised by a rogue mother, they indicated, and thus unable to internalize the proper codes of conduct for village-dwelling piglets.
Intentions mattered as well. In a 1379 case, also in France, the son of a swine keeper was attacked and killed by two herds of swine. The court determined that one herd initiated the attack while the other joined in afterward. The judge sentenced both herds to death because their evident cries of enthrallment during the melee were said to confirm their expressed approval of it, whether they were directly responsible or not. A sow hanged in 1567 was convicted not only for assaulting a 4-month-old girl, but for doing so with extra “cruelty.”
The content of an animal's character was also a factor in courtroom deliberations. In 1750, a man and a she-ass landed in court for alleged bestiality. The man was quickly convicted and sentenced to death. The she-ass, however, was exonerated because the townspeople submitted a document to the court noting that the animal was “in word and deed and in all their habits of life a most honest creature.” This popular assessment led the jury to conclude that the ass was the innocent victim of a violent and deviant master. Only domesticated animals were subject to such character examinations—the expectation being that, living among humans, they better understood the difference between right and wrong. When pigs behaved badly in the courtroom—such as by grunting loudly in the prisoner's box—this lack of composure could count against them during sentencing. (For more on these and other animal trials, see legal scholar Jen Girgen's fascinating “The Historical and Contemporary Prosecution and Punishment of Animals.”)
What are we to make of this evidence that our ancestors imputed to animals a sense of moral agency? Contemporary responses have been either to mock them as pre-enlightenment rubes (“artifacts of a superstitious and ritualistic culture,” as legal scholar Katie Sykes summarizes this stance) or to dismiss them as sinister masochists who enjoyed watching animals dangle from the gallows because they had, as historian Edward P. Evans put it in 1906, “a childish disposition to punish irrational creatures.” Overlooked by these interpretations is something that, as we increasingly remove animals from public view, becomes harder to appreciate: These people saw aspects of animal behavior that we don't see anymore. In this sense, these seemingly odd trials have much to teach us about how fundamentally our relationship with animals has changed over time and how, more poignantly, we've lost the ability to empathize with them as sentient beings.
People living in preindustrial agrarian societies interacted almost constantly with domesticated animals. Seventeenth-century farming account books suggest that farmers of that era spent up to 16 hours a day observing and caring for domesticated beasts. They watched these animals make choices, respond to human directives, engage in social relationships, and distinguish themselves as individuals with unique personalities. This observational intimacy lasted well into the 19th century, until feedlots and packing plants consolidated the business of animal agriculture, eventually superseding the practices that kept animals and farmers in close and relatively long-term proximity. A change in mentality followed this consolidation. Humans began to think and talk about animals as objects. “The pig,” explained one agricultural manual from the 1880s, “is the most valuable machine on the farm.” Today, with nearly 99 percent of animal products deriving from these “factory farms,” this view of animals-as-objects persists as the dominant perspective.
However, talk to the 1 percent of farmers who work on small farms and maintain traditional agricultural practices, and they'll tell you stories that evoke the premodern view of animals. Cheri Ezell-Vandersluis, a former goat farmer, has written that they were so charmed by their animals' individual qualities that they started to think of them as “part of the family.” Another small-scale goat farmer in California writes that each of their goats “has a personality and I care about each of them as individuals,” and notes that they feel a “twinge” when they take them to slaughter. A heritage pig farmer in Homosassa, Florida writes, “[T]hey are amazing animals. Each one has its own personality. Little pig Marshall (the boar) is a water hose fanatic. It's like watching a 3 year old playing in the sprinkler in the front yard.”
And the modern field of animal ethology confirms that farm animals, especially pigs, are fiercely smart. In the most recently publicized study confirming their rare cognition, pigs were shown to be able to use mirrors as tools in their search for food; in other studies, pigs have quickly learned new tasks (like playing videogames), displayed a prodigious memory for where food is stored, and even manipulated one another in a bid for food. The New York Times, referring to this kind of research, editorialized, “We keep probing the animal world for signs of intelligence—as we define it—and we're always surprised when we discover it. This suggests that something is fundamentally wrong with our assumptions.”
There is something fundamentally wrong with our assumptions about premodern animal trials, too. Medieval Europeans gave animal agency the benefit of the doubt. We condemn billions of animals to conditions that amount to torture without a trial. Which practice really makes less sense?
Image caption Castro invited Jeffrey Goldberg to Cuba for the interview
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro has said the Cuban model no longer works.
They made the comment in an interview with a US journalist, who asked them if Cuba's model was still worth exporting to other countries.
In a previous interview with the same journalist, they criticised Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for what they called their anti-Semitic attitudes.
Mr Castro also questioned their own actions during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962.
Mr Castro was speaking to Jeffrey Goldberg, a journalist with The Atlantic magazine based in Washington, DC, whom they personally invited to Cuba.
"The Cuban model doesn't even work for us anymore," they told him.
With this comment, it is clear Mr Castro is not abandoning the principles of socialist revolution, says the BBC's Will Grant: rather, it is an overt acceptance by the 84-year-old former leader that state control of the economy in Cuba is gradually being loosened.
The comment came as the current Cuban leader, Fidel's younger brother, Raul Castro, is reducing the state's control of the economy and allowing private ownership on the communist island.
Last month, Raul Castro announced to the National Assembly that small businesses would now be permitted and small business owners would have the right to employ and pay employees.
Recent examples include hairdressers, who are now allowed to run their businesses as private entities, as well as a growing number of taxis and buses. Agriculture and tourism have also opened up to private investment.
Image caption Cuba's economy is gradually being liberalised, with some businesses being run privately
Mr Castro led Cuba for almost 50 years after toppling the government in a revolution. They fell ill in 2006 and handed power to their brother Raul in 2008.
Since then, their public appearances have been rare, but in recent months they have made a series of public speeches and televised appearances.
'Gradual escalation'
Mr Castro's "body may be frail, but their mind is acute, their energy level is high", wrote Mr Goldberg on their blog on The Atlantic website on Tuesday when they published the first excerpt of their interview with the Cuban leader.
About Iran, Mr Castro warned that an escalating conflict between Iran and the West could lead to nuclear war.
Over the course of a five-hour discussion, Mr Castro "repeatedly returned to their excoriation of anti-Semitism", and criticised Mr Ahmadinejad for denying the Holocaust.
"The Jews have lived an existence that is much harder than ours. There is nothing that compares to the Holocaust," the former president said.
Mr Castro said that Iran could further the cause of peace by "acknowledging the 'unique' history of anti-Semitism and trying to understand why Israelis fear for their existence", Mr Goldberg wrote.
The Iranian capacity to inflict damage is not appreciated Fidel Castro
Mr Castro told Mr Goldberg that they understood Iranian fears of Israeli-American aggression and that they did not believe that sanctions and threat would dissuade Iran from pursuing nuclear weapons.
"The Iranian capacity to inflict damage is not appreciated," Mr Castro said. "Men think they can control themselves, but [US President Barack] Obama could overreact and a gradual escalation could become a nuclear war."
Mr Castro has recently made a number of warnings of the danger of a nuclear war between the West and Iran.
Mr Goldberg then questioned Mr Castro about their stance during the Missile Crisis of 1962, asking if they stood by their recommendation that the Soviets bomb the US.
"After I've seen what I've seen, and knowing what I know now, it wasn't worth it at all," they said.
Orkney in the Pictish Period Early accounts of Pictish Orkney Looking elsewhere in the scant historical records, we learn from the sixth century British historian, Gildas, that the Picts attacked Britain from over the sea. In their De Exidio Brittaniae, Gildas wrote that the Picts came from the north and the north-east to settle in the most remote part of Britain, from where they conquered the north of Britain, as far south as Hadrian's Wall. The same tale appears in the writings of the ninth century Welsh historian, Nennius. They inform us that Picts occupied the islands known as "the Orchades" from where they "laid waste to many regions of the north". It has been suggested, however, that Nennius was classing the Norsemen as Picts. Irish tradition According to Irish tradition, the Picts came from Scythia, or Thrace. They landed in Ireland, where they received Irish wives, before sailing north and settling in Orkney. From Orkney, wrote Nennius, the Picts went on to conquer all of Britain, north of the Firth of Forth. This legend supposedly explains the reason for the tradition that Picts practised matrilinear descent. Upon receiving their brides from the Irish noblemen, the Picts agreed that their kings would always be taken from the mother's side. Just as in the writings of Gildas and Nennius, the Irish legend adds that once the Picts had settled in Orkney, they used the islands as a base for southern raids. Irish historical records seem to confirm this enmity between Orkney and the Irish. In 580AD, for example, Aed, son of Gabran, the King of the Dalriada Scotti, led an expedition to Orkney. Another Orkney conflict was recorded in 709AD, the Annals of Ulster recounting only the death of someone named Artablair. Another British historian, the venerable Bede, repeats the Irish tradition, stating that the Picts came from Scythia and were refused permission to settle in Ireland. They went to Britain, they wrote, where they were offered wives by the Scots and then began the occupation of northern Scotland. But although all these tales undoubtedly contain elements of pure myth, through the veil of folklore we can see that Pictish Orkney appears to have played a considerable role in the larger Pictish Kingdom. Pictish Orkney was possibly as powerful as it was influential. Uneasy relationships Documenting a visit to the Pictish High King Bridei/Brude son of Maelchon, Adomnan, the biographer of Saint Columbus, tells us that Columbus encountered a "sub-king" of Orkney at Bridei's court near Inverness. Also at the High-King's court, they wrote, were a number of Orcadian "hostages". This fact that has led some scholars to suggest that although Orkney's rulers had accepted Bridei as their overlord, it was perhaps a strained truce and one that required certain safeguards to maintain. Others cite the hostages as proof that Orkney was a recently conquered territory. Some historians, however, have pointed out that these "hostages" could have an altogether less hostile interpretation and that they were merely guests at the King's court. The relationship between Orkney and Pictland seems to have finally broken down in 682AD when the Pictish king Brude son of Bili ravaged Orkney. As Professor W. A. Cummins writes, this was "hardly the treatment to be meted out to a part of their own kingdom”. One of the few Pictish historical documents, the Pictish Chronicle, also seems to indicate that Orkney was not considered part of the Pictish kingdom - at least at the time the Chronicle was compiled. This account details the seven provinces that made up the Pictish Kingdom - but makes no mention of Orkney. The extent of Pictish influence
The authors of the Horse Slaughter Prevention Act, however, are scandalized at the thought of acquiescing to any harm against horses. Horses are owed better treatment, Landrieu announced at “Horses on the Hill,” because “our nation was built on their backs”; reality star Lorenzo Borghese declared that horses deserve to treated as “majestic animals,” not common livestock. That's why their bill proposes not only to make it illegal to slaughter horses for meat within U.S. borders, but banning the export of horses for the purpose of slaughtering elsewhere.
But that latter provision is unlikely to ever be enacted, for practical, as well legal, reasons. The practical reason is that enforcing a ban on exports promises to be an extravagantly expensive proposition. The bill requests some 5 million dollars to run inspections of livestock transport at the border (though Charles W. Stenholm, a 73 year old former Congressman turned horsemeat lobbyist, tells me that won't be nearly enough money to ensure all the trains crossing the border are inspected.) In any case, even if Republicans in Congress are persuaded of the majesty of horses, they are unlikely to make a commitment to the discretionary spending needed to ensure their protection.
There may also be a more fundamental legal problem with the bill. According to Clif Burns, adjunct professor at Georgetown law school and council at Bryan Cave law firm, the act could be in violation of international trade regulations. Specifically, they say “we would be in violation of our WTO [World Trade Organization] and GATT [General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade] obligations by putting a ban on the export of horses.”
The problem has to do with Article 11 of GATT , which forbids the “prohibition or restriction” of certain products between the signatory nations. There are of course exceptions (ie: banning the export of a product that could be a threat to national security), but Burns says that horses don't qualify for any of them. “Simply because we disagree with the cultural mores of foreign countries and don't eat horses here, we want to prevent other people from eating horses,” Burns said. “But that's not something we can do under GATT.”
If Burns is correct in their assessment that “it's none of our business what another country does with a product they buy from us,” then it casts serious doubt on the suggestion that Landrieu's bill is a particularly humane option for horses. Indeed, if Washington is not legally allowed to prevent the export of horses, then banning their slaughter domestically is essentially condemning ever more of them to a cruel journey abroad. Of course, politicians who stand to gain by exploiting the public's love of horses are unlikely to admit any of this anytime soon.
In the meantime, the slaughterhouses who have applied for a license to process horses will continue to find themselves in an unexpectedly heated political struggle. I spoke with Sarah de Los Santos, wife of the owner of Pecos Valley Meats, the New Mexico slaughterhouse that has been called out by Governor Martinez for requesting a USDA inspection for horse processing. Sarah told me that their husband, Rick, had no prior knowledge they would be the first in the nation to “go the route of slaughter for equines.” In a patient yet melancholy voice they told me that their husband “will proceed” with the plans despite the pressure, and insisted that, all the accusations made by animal rights' activists and opportunistic politicians to the contrary, their husband is “a very respectable man.”
Close
What compact discs and cable boxes have in common is that a lot of people think these things all belong in museums and history books. Pay TV companies believe Google is working to reinvent that last one, the cable box, and they don't think that's necessary or good for business.
About two weeks ago, the Federal Communications Commission introduced a proposal to change the rules that run cable boxes in order to give consumers more control over the hardware they choose for their pay TV services.
Well, a collection of pay TV companies, joined together under the banner of the Future of TV Coalition, has derided the proposed changes as being "a solution in search of a problem." With the current set up, consumers already have access to both pay TV content and streaming media, the coalition reasoned.
"This app-driven innovation is already happening – and it doesn't require a government mandate that would increase consumer costs, strip viewers of privacy protections, and let third party device makers ignore the terms of carriage agreements between programmers and distributors," the coalition stated.
The 47-member-strong coalition, which includes Time Warner Cable, Comcast, Dish and Charter Communications, thinks Google is cooking up something to sway consumers and regulators the wrong way in this fight, according to a statement from the group.
"Amazingly, Google plans to demonstrate its new AllVid-style TV set-top box, presumably in order to build support for the new rules being considered by the FCC on video competition announced to much fanfare just this week," the statement read.
The coalition then asked how Google could have a box that complies with the FCC's proposal just two days after the commission proposed the new rules, suggesting that the search engine company was in cahoots with regulators. It's a fair question, but it sells short the ingenuity and opportunist nature of Google.
Milo Medin, vice president of access services at Google, forecast a future in which Android TV and other software TV platforms, would work with smart TVs to replace cable boxes.
"If you can integrate, if you can provide extra functionality and search across these things, and give TV vendors a chance to differentiate from each other and really unlock innovation, I think it's a huge opportunity for those guys," said Medin this week. "Because what's the difference right now between buying a Samsung or a Sony or a Vizio?"
Still, Medin said Google has no plans right now to develop a cable box or something to replace one.
"Google does a lot of things that don't necessarily have a direct commercial benefit for Google," Medin said. "We do it because we believe openness benefits everyone. We and the Internet as a whole all benefit from open systems."
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
The contents of the defunct Shoes.com head office will be auctioned off this week in what's being called the “largest office auction in years.”
The Vancouver online shoe retailer announced in late January it would cease operations and that some or all of its companies would declare bankruptcy. The shuttered properties included shoes.com, shoeme.ca, and onlineshoes.com, as well two brick-and-mortar shops in Vancouver and Toronto. It had previously been lauded as Canada's hottest startup.
Able Auctions, which also hosts the Vancouver Police Department's seized goods auction each year, shared a Facebook post and video Friday that said it had been tapped to help liquidate office equipment for Shoeme.
“You heard it in the news … ShoeMe.com went bankrupt,” the post read. “We're auctioning off the contents of their head office at one of our biggest office auctions ever.”
Items up for auction include hundreds of IBM laptops and computers, about 50 Apple computers, laptops and tablets, IT equipment, office chairs and desks, a Brother embroidery machine, and more than 200 LCD monitors. Also up for auction are a ping pong table, a kayak, office phones, photocopier/printers, and a number of mini-fridges.
The closure of the e-commerce company was abrupt. Just a few weeks prior to its closing, it had been considered a potential candidate to be listed on the stock market through an initial public offering.
However, last September, the Vancouver Sun reported on how the company had been mired in customer complaints, allegations of unpaid bills and big reductions in staffing.
Two legal claims were also filed against the company last year, including one by the provincial government, alleging $119,274 in unpaid provincial sales taxes.
The company was started in a Dunbar basement in 2012 and expanded rapidly after co-founder Roger Hardy sold their Clearly Contacts business and turned their attention and efforts toward Shoeme.
The retailer went through a massive expansion in the next four years, acquiring U.S. e-commerce sites Shoes.com and OnlineShoes.com as well as the lifestyle brand Richer Poorer. Its online sales totalled $223 million US in 2015, according to Internet Retailer, up from $89.2 million in 2014. A year ago, it was on the hunt for $25 million to $50 million in capital to buy even more companies.
The auction will take place Thursday, Mar. 23, at 10 a.m. at 13557 77th Ave. in Surrey. Previews will take place the day before from noon to 6 p.m. For more information, visit ableauctions.ca.
— with Postmedia files
sip@postmedia.com
twitter.com/stephanie_ip
New mobile network could be tested in Slovakia
SLOVAKIA, a country of the 5.4-million population prone to test the latest technical innovations, may become a testing ground for another novelty – a new mobile network developed by a Chinese company.
“Slovakia is an optimal country for testing most state-of-the-art technologies,” said Speaker of Parliament Peter Pellegrini on May 25 when visiting a technological and research centre of Huawei company in Beijing as cited by the TASR newswire. “In the similar way in which the LTE network was tested a few years ago in central Slovakia, this company is working on developing another and significantly faster mobile network. This could also be a sphere in which Slovakia could play an important role.”
Pellegrini, who is also Slovakia's Digital Leader, attended a ceremonial signing of a memorandum on cooperation between Huawei and Žilina University. The memorandum should also bring scholarships for the best students and is likely to lead later to the building of a technology park as well, said Žilina mayor Igor Choma.
Huawei is already active in Slovakia and employs up to 70 people in Bratislava. For Žilina University the memorandum could mean not only modern technologies for teaching but also exchange stays, scholarships for the best students and cooperation on a number of projects with the company.
“The two institutions will help each other, exchange ideas, technologies and maybe studies, as well,” said Choma. “They'll support each other.”
Pellegrini pointed out that the Chinese company invested more than €6 billion in research in 2014 alone and welcomed its inking of the memorandum with Žilina University. They hope that such cooperation will extend to even more universities in the future.
The parliamentary chair is on a working visit to China until Wednesday, May 27. He's slated to meet chairperson of the National People's Congress Standing Committee Zhang Dejiang and Chinese Vice-president Li Yuanchao.
Pellegrini will also open a Slovak-Chinese business forum on May 26. On their visit they are accompanied by Finance Minister Peter Kažimír, who is scheduled to meet their Chinese counterpart Lou Jiwei and other Chinese officials. The delegation also includes Slovak entrepreneurs.
26. May 2015 at 6:36 | Compiled by Spectator staff
President Obama's Affordable Care Act comes under close scrutiny at the US Supreme Court on Tuesday, with the justices poised to examine whether the measure violates the religious rights of company owners who object to being forced by the government to pay for certain birth control methods that offend their religious beliefs.
The high court is set to hear two consolidated cases in which business owners are seeking a religious exemption from the ACA's requirement that large employers provide their workers cost-free contraceptives.
The Obama administration has granted a complete exemption to churches and other houses of worship. And it has offered special accommodation to non-profit religious-affiliated groups – including those organized as corporations.
But government lawyers insist that for-profit corporations are not entitled to exercise religious rights and must comply with the full terms of the ACA's contraception mandate.
The case is a potential landmark. It is perhaps the most important test of the scope of religious rights in America in a generation.
At issue is the government's power to deny a religious exemption when sincerely-held religious beliefs clash with a legislative mandate that violates those religious beliefs.
The dispute is set for 90 minutes of oral argument and will feature two of the same lawyers who faced off in the 2012 high court challenge to the health care reform law – US Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, who is again defending the law, and former Bush administration Solicitor General Paul Clement, who is challenging the contraception mandate.
The issue arises at a time of bitter national debate and mounting litigation over a range of social issues that divide liberals and conservatives, including birth control, gay rights, and same-sex marriage.
Critics accuse the Obama administration of waging a war on religion and religious liberty. Supporters say the administration is seeking to prevent “religious” individuals from imposing their views on others and using religion as a license to discriminate.
The First Amendment protects the free exercise of religion, but the Supreme Court ruled in 1990 that constitutional claims to religious freedom must yield in the face of generally applicable laws.
That case involved a request by native-Americans for an exemption from drug laws that would permit sacramental use of peyote in their religious gatherings.
The high court upheld the drug laws and denied the exemption in a landmark decision that substantially narrowed the scope of religious liberty in the US.
The decision sparked a national outcry by religious organizations – and triggered extreme alarm among minority sects whose religious views are often attacked, denounced, and ridiculed by others.
Congress responded by passing the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA). The law seeks to empower individuals to challenge government provisions that impose a substantial burden on adherence to religious faith.
The law is designed to encourage the government to find accommodation that allows the government to pursue its program but with minimal disruption to religious beliefs.
RFRA establishes a three-prong analysis. First the government's action must cause a “substantial burden” on religious practice. Second, the government must demonstrate that it has a compelling interest in advancing its program. Third, the government must show that its program is the least restrictive way to reach its goal.
In the current case at the high court, the business owners sued the federal government under RFRA to force the Obama administration to recognize and respect their religious beliefs.
“The government does not dispute that these are sincere religious beliefs or that they deserve protection,” writes S. Kyle Duncan of the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty in their brief on behalf of one of the business owners.
“Yet, the mandate compels [religious business owners] to do precisely what their religion prohibits or face draconian consequences – including millions in fines, private lawsuits, and government enforcement actions,” they say.
At issue is a provision in the president's health care reform law that requires businesses with more than 50 employees to provide cost-free access to a full range of government-required contraception methods.
The business owners do not object to providing cost-free contraception and reproductive health services for their employees. Rather, their objection is targeted at four of the 18 required birth control methods. They object to two kinds of intrauterine devices (IUDs) and two versions of the so-called morning-after pill, Ella and Plan B.
They say these devices and drugs can prevent the implantation of a fertilized egg in the uterus and, thus, are a form of abortion.
The objecting business owners are devout members of their chosen faiths and believe that life begins at conception. Their religious teachings hold that any effort to prevent implantation of a fertilized egg in the womb is a form of abortion.
The owners complain that the Obamacare mandate is conscripting them into providing financial support to a system that condones and enables the destruction of human life. To them it is immoral and an activity that religious conscience requires them to avoid.
The Obama administration defends the federal contraception mandate as an essential part of its national campaign to advance public health and promote equal and cost-free access to health care for women.
Government lawyers say that owners of for-profit corporations may not assert their own personal religious rights through their companies. And they argue that corporations in business to make money cannot practice religion.
The lawyers add that merely funding the contraception program cannot offend the owners' religious beliefs because the health insurance plan is paid for by the corporation and the ultimate decision of whether to actually use any of the four religiously-offensive birth control methods belongs to each employee.
“The challenged provision imposes no personal obligations on the [religious owners]; it instead regulates only the corporations they own and the group health plan the corporations sponsor,” Solicitor General Verrilli writes in their brief.
“The provision therefore does not burden the [owners'] individual exercise of religion in any cognizable sense, and RFRA does not entitle them to an exemption for the corporations based on their individual religious beliefs,” they write.
The government also argues that individualized religion-based exemptions would frustrate the administration's compelling interest in creating a comprehensive nationwide health care insurance system. Such exemptions would “directly and materially harm the very individuals [employees] the scheme was intended to benefit.”
Mr. Verrilli quotes a 1982 Supreme Court decision involving an Amish farmer and carpenter who refused to pay social security payroll taxes on behalf of Amish men they hired to work on their farm. The Amish believe they have a Biblical obligation to provide for their own elderly and needy, and that it would be a sin to participate in a government-run insurance program that might replace those personal biblically-mandated requirements.
The Supreme Court ruled that a religious exemption would undercut the national Social Security system. “Not all burdens on religion are unconstitutional,” the court said.
“When followers of a particular sect enter into commercial activity as a matter of choice, the limits they accept on their own conduct as a matter of conscience and faith are not to be superimposed on the statutory schemes which are binding on others in that activity,” the court said.
“Granting an exemption from social security taxes to an employer operates to impose the employer's religious faith on the employees,” the justices said. The court reached that decision even though in that case both the employer and their employees were Amish and opposed to participating in the Social Security system.
The government warns that if the religious owners in the current case win their exemption at the Supreme Court it could open the floodgates to limitless demands for other religious exemptions.
“Employers might assert religious objections to coverage of virtually all conventional medical treatments, including immunizations, blood transfusions, anti-depressants, medications derived from pigs, and gene therapy,” Verrilli says.
“The result would be a patchwork of unpredictably incomplete coverage for employees dictated by the religious beliefs of their employers' shareholders,” they said.
The high court case stems from a lawsuit filed by the owners of Oklahoma-based Hobby Lobby Stores, a chain of 500 stores with more than 13,000 employees.
Hobby Lobby is owned and run by five members of the Green family. The family also owns and runs Mardel, Inc., a Christian bookstore with 35 outlets and 400 employees.
The family members are all devout Evangelical Christians who seek to run their businesses in full accord with the precepts of their Christian faith. According to a company statement the family is committed to “honoring the Lord in all we do by operating the company in a manner consistent with Biblical principles.”
Those principles include a commitment to remain faithful to their religious view that human life begins at conception and that birth control that prevents the development of a fertilized egg is a sin.
The Obamacare mandate offers them a no-win choice of options. If they comply with the federal mandate, they must compromise their religious beliefs. On the other hand, if they stand up for religious principle, Hobby Lobby faces fines of $100 per day per employee or $1.3 million per day. On an annual basis that would be $475 million per year in fines for abiding by their religious beliefs, their lawyers say.
They would also face lawsuits by the government and by any employee who objected to the failure to abide by the terms of the ACA.
Hobby Lobby could opt out of providing its employees with health care coverage. To do so would deprive 13,000 employees of their health care benefits and subject the firm to $26 million in annual penalties.
The bottom line, according to their brief: “[The Greens] must either violate their faith by covering the mandated contraceptives, or subject their family businesses to crippling consequences.”
The other lawsuit was filed by the owners of a kitchen cabinetmaker in Pennsylvania, Conestoga Wood Specialties. The business employs 950 workers.
Conestoga Wood is owned and operated by six members of the Hahn family. All six are devout members of the Mennonite Church and strive to run their business based on moral and spiritual principles that reflect their Christian faith. Among those principles is a belief that human life begins at conception and a religious conviction against being involved in the destruction of human life through abortion or other acts.
For the Hahns, the potential fines are $95,000 per day or $1.9 million a year.
“When the government uses substantial pressure to coerce a family business to act contrary to its owners' religious beliefs, it burdens the free exercise of religion regardless of the business' corporate form,” David Cortman, a lawyer with Alliance Defending Freedom, writes in their brief on behalf of the owners of Conestoga Wood.
Mr. Cortman says the ACA's mandate is an unprecedented attempt to require “private citizens to purchase religiously objectionable products for others' use.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
They add: “Government may directly provide such items at will, but it cannot conscript private religious objectors into the government's service.”
The cases are Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby (13-354) and Conestoga Wood Specialties v. Sebelius (13-356). A decision is expected by late June.
Today I wanted to share a fun easy project on how to create a centerpiece using a candleholder. Some of you may know that I worked as a stylist on the HomeGoods Spring Social Shoot a few weeks ago. One of my tasks was to create a Spring dining table which encompassed a DIY centerpiece. If you follow me on Instagram and Facebook, you may have seen me destroying a candleholder I found in HomeGoods. -ha.
Isn't it gorgeous?
Photo by HomeGoods
I think that setting a table is such a personal thing and creating your own centerpiece is a way for you to showcase your style. I love fresh flowers and simple touches.
Centerpieces are actually pretty simple to put together. For this particular arrangement, I used a candleholder from Homegoods, drinking glasses, and fresh flowers.
Don't you just adore this candleholder. I love that it is long and slender. I cover a good bit of the length of the table which really packs a colorful punch. This centerpiece is also low and just perfect for your guests to keep the conversations going… which is never a problem at our house!
Simply take your candleholder and remove the candles.
I used several different fresh flowers for this centerpiece. You can find the complete list above and most of these flowers are available at your local grocery store or florist.
Here are the flowers that I used:
Green Mini Hydrangea
Bilperum
White Fresia
Lavender stock
Dusty miller
Calla Lillies
Pink Charmila Alstroemeria
Mini Gerbera Daisies
I simply planted the bunches in clear drinking glasses from Homegoods and placed them in the candleholder. Don't you just love the glass on the side of the wooden candleholder. It has a tiny trellis pattern and it adds so much depth to the arrangement. Can you believe how easy it is to put together? It sure doesn't look like it though. I hope you have fun creating a DIY centerpiece of your own and enjoy time spent around your table with those you love!
J
ulie ‘Basya' Goffstein, an Orthodox Jewish mother of 6 is out of jail and thanking everyone who advocated for her, “sent me messages, screamed like heck to get me relief, and defended my name. I'm forever grateful” they said publicly on their Facebook page.
According to the Woman's Coalition, Julie was found in contempt for not paying their ex husband's attorney's fees and for contacting their children. They were being forced to pay $10,000 for their wealthy ex's attorney's fees, which they do not have because Judge Sieve deprived them of their rightful marital assets. They were also being found in contempt for contacting their children, who they unjustly took away from her, ostensibly due to their religious beliefs— (the father left the Jewish life that they raised the kids on and complained to the judge that Orthodoxy was a cult )which is unconstitutional. Tellingly, they only took the four youngest boys because the father did not want the two oldest, proving that it is not really about religion.
The Orthodox mother of 6 thanked all those who called the Chief Justice of Ohio saying that their office was bombarded with phone calls.
Women's Coalition Please to Chief Justice
—————————————————————-
Original Story:
An Orthodox Jewish mother of 6, who has been battling their ex-husband to allow them to raise their children in an Orthodox Jewish home, has been thrown in jail by an Ohio Judge.
An Orthodox Jewish mother of six who was barred from speaking with their own children because they insisted on raising them in a religious home has been thrown in jail because they lacked the financial means to reimburse their wealthy ex-husband $10,000 in court costs as order by an Ohio judge.
Julie Goffstein and their husband Peter Goffstein had been raising their boys as members of the Chabad community in Cincinnati when Peter Goffstein decided that they no longer wanted to live a religious lifestyle. Given an ultimatum of choosing between their religion and their marriage, Julie chose to continue living their life as a Jew and the Goffstein's bitter divorce began to unfold in 2010. After hearing the testimony of 11 character witnesses and two court ordered evaluations, Judge Jon Sieve of the Hamilton County, Ohio Court of Common Pleas awarded full custody of all of the Goffstein children to their mother, specifically noting the importance of continuity for the boys who had been raised in an Orthodox home.
Nine months later, Peter filed for a reallocation of custody and within weeks Judge Sieve had reversed their decision, awarding Peter full custody of the four younger children, observing that Julie's insistence on sending the children to yeshiva was not in their best interest. While Judge Sieve's ruling allowed the children to remain in yeshiva, Julie was held responsible for paying their tuition, with Peter given the authority to make all of the children's educational decisions. Over time, the situation continued to deteriorate, with Peter filing multiple lawsuits against their former wife and Julie moved with the two older boys to Crown Heights where they continued in yeshiva, while the four younger boys were sent to public school against their will by their father.
As the court battles continued, Peter Goffstein continued to keep the younger children shielded from both their mother and their Jewish heritage, allegedly chopping off one child's payos, removing the boys' yarmulkas and making them eat pork. Friends of Julie's also reported that they smeared urine on one child's face as a punishment for a religious observance and that Peter repeatedly bullied anyone who supported Julie's mission of raising their sons in an observant home. Eventually the court forbade Julie from discussing any religious matters with their sons, and they were found in contempt of court for telling one son of their efforts to get them back into yeshiva.
While Peter is extremely wealthy, Julie's financial situation is very bleak, having been stripped of all marital assets by Judge Sieve. Their latest decision, holding Julie in contempt of court for being unable to reimburse their ex-husbands court costs and sending them to jail, seems to be the latest obstacle thrown at Julie simply because they have chosen to raise their sons as practicing members of the Jewish faith. Julie's sons, ranging in age from nine to eighteen are living a life of turmoil, with the younger boys facing their father's reported harassment and the two older boys now living alone in Crown Heights because of Julie's imprisonment.
5 WAYS TO HELP
1. A Chesed Fund campaign has been set up to help raise money for Julie and help with all legal fees and to gain their immediate release. They have been unable to pay their attorney full due to financial challenges.
Click here to help. To donate via paypal:helpthefamily613@gmail.com.
2. A grassroots effort on Facebook by The Women's Coalition has been organizing a call in and email campaign asking Ohio Chief Justice Maureen O'Connor to disqualify Judge Sieve for discrimination and to demand Julie's release.
3. Other ways to help include pressuring Cincinnati media outlets to cover the story.
4. For Ohio residents to reach out to their elected officials and ask them to advocate for Julie's release and Judge Sieve's censure.
5. Those wishing to further help Julie can email Stuart Lichter (slichter@irg.cc), president of Industrial Retail Group, where Peter serves as a senior vice president in the Cincinnati office and ask for Peter Goffstein's removal because of their unacceptable behavior.
Judge O'Connor can be reached at 614-387-9250 or at maureen.oconnor@scohio.gov
Sample text to send the judge:
Dear Judge O'Connor,
I am contacting you today to protest the discriminatory treatment of Julie Goffstein by Judge Jon Sieve, an extremely biased judge who threw Julie in jail on July 11th.
Julie has been found in contempt for not paying their ex's attorney's fees and for contacting their children and is being forced to pay $10,000 for their wealthy ex's attorney's fees, which they do not have because Judge Sieve deprived them of their rightful marital assets.  They are also being found in contempt for contacting their children, who they unjustly took away from her, ostensibly due to their religious beliefs—which is unconstitutional. Tellingly, they only took the four youngest boys because the father did not want the two oldest, proving that it is not really about religion; it is about empowering the father. They also ordered Julie to pay $500 to a fathers' rights group before they were rightfully admonished by you.
Judge Sieve claims that the children have experienced emotional distress due to their mother contacting them, but the real harm to the children was caused by them taking four young boys away from their mother, their primary bond, who was a loving, stay-at-home mom.
There are many other things which confirm Judge Sieve's bias. Please stop the injustice against Julie by disqualifying them and send a message to other judges and the public that discrimination against women in family courts will not be tolerated.
Thank you
By The Chesed Fund
In rhetoric, there's an ancient concept called “argument from authority.” In Latin, it's called argumentum ad verecundiam. The idea is that the person making an argument invokes a big name, saying, in effect, “So-and-so agrees with me, so I must be right!”
Of course, an argument from authority can be false. One of the many possible fallacies is, most obviously, that the cited authority might not be an authority on the subject at all. So the fallacy could be the mixing of apples and oranges; the authority might simply not be relevant. As with any tool, it can be used, or misused.
And as we shall see, argument from authority is a particularly favored rhetorical tactic of the Mainstream Media: The MSM introduces an authority figure, builds them or their up, and then, having created a giant, uses that giant to smack down its foes, usually, a Republican.
And what if the exemplars of authority are fallacious? In the minds of the MSM, of course, the duty to oppose Donald Trump and the GOP is the prime imperative. So to that end, in pursuit of this higher truth, any rhetorical sleight-of-hand is not only allowed, but admired.
We can cite three recent examples:
First, in the January 6 Washington Post, we were presented with a headline, “I knew Gov. Schwarzenegger. Mr. Trump, you're no Gov. Schwarzenegger.” We can immediately note that this wording, of course, is a play on the famous jibe of Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D-TX)–“I knew Jack Kennedy . . . ”—aimed at Dan Quayle during the 1988 presidential campaign. So that's an example of argument from authority, right there.
In the piece itself, writer Abby Lunardini, a former aide to Arnold Schwarzenegger when they were governor of California, seeks to contrast their former boss with Donald Trump. In Lunardini's telling, Schwarzenegger, now back in the news for their new role on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, becomes the authority on executive leadership by which Trump should be judged. And, of course, this being the MSM, Trump is deemed to come up short.
Indeed, in making their argument, Lunardini describes virtues in Schwarzenegger that many observers had failed to notice. In office in Sacramento, they are, they assure us, “a dedicated student of policy and government,” adding, “Schwarzenegger prided themselves on being the best-briefed person in the room.”
Having built up Schwarzenegger to Solomonic status, Lunardini now uses the august authority they have conferred on the onetime action-movie star to dump on Trump. In contrast to their ex-boss, they write, Trump has a “legendarily short attention span,” and a habit of “blowing-off of debate prep and intelligence briefings.”
Having thus dismissed Trump, Lunardini recalls that Schwarzenegger themselves had troubles early on in their governorship, and yet they solved them by changing course; they brought in a Democratic chief of staff who proceeded to “work with” (read: cave in to) the Democrats in the state legislature. The implication is clear: In their mind, President Trump could save themselves by similarly caving in to the Democrats in Washington.
As the author puts it:
Perhaps Trump, like Schwarzenegger, will turn out to be a pragmatic social moderate who uses their charm and business negotiation skills to forge consensus.
And yet, Lunardini sighs, that's not likely to happen. As they put it, “That's more than we can reasonably expect from Trump.”
Okay, so there we have one argument from authority, MSM-style: Judged by the standards of the Great Governor Schwarzenegger, President Trump is likely to be a failure.
Now let's take a second example, also from January 6. The headline in Politico reads, “Bill Perry Is Terrified. Why Aren't You? How an 89-year-old cold warrior became America's nuclear conscience.”
Perhaps William J. Perry is not a household name, although some time back, from 1994 to 1997, they were an important figure, serving as secretary of defense under President Clinton. And yet even then, they cut a relatively low profile; they haven't really been heard from in decades.
Yet now, if Politico has anything to say about it, that will change—his stature will rise. According to this MSM outlet, Perry, now in their ninth decade, has reluctantly taken on the new role as “America's nuclear conscience,” because they are worried. And what are they worried about? Why, Donald Trump, of course!
In the explanation of writers John Harris and Bryan Bender, Perry, supposedly a quiet sage all these years, has now been inspired to action by the president-elect's supposedly careless talk about nuclear weapons and the nuclear arms race.
Perry had supported Hillary Clinton, and had assumed that they would win. And yet, in the Politico account:
Now comes Donald Trump with a long trail of statements effectively shrugging their shoulders about a world newly bristling with bombs and people with reasons to use them.
So that leaves Perry, according to Politico, with no choice but to speak up as the voice of “rationality”:
Donald Trump was not the voice they were looking for, to put it mildly, but they have responded to the Trump cyclone with modulated restraint. Perry said they assume their most truculent rhetoric isn't serious, the utterances of a man who assumed their words were for political effect only and had no real consequences.
Okay, got that? As far as Politico is concerned, Trump is a blowhard for sure, and probably menace to boot. And yet maybe, just maybe, they will heed the wise counsel of Perry. And what if Trump doesn't? Well, then, in the MSM view, that's just one more strike against Trump: They don't heed the wisdom of good authority.
Now we can come to our third example, seen in this headline in the
December 31 Politico: “What the ‘Godfather of Populism' Thinks of Donald Trump: In the 1970s, Fred Harris invented the “new populism.” Now, with a so-called populist taking the White House, he's aghast—and wants to reclaim the term.”
By now, the reader is not surprised that the MSM has once again found an elder figure to elevate, thereby lowering the stature of Trump.
The wise man in this case is former Sen. Fred R. Harris (D-OK), here to tell us who is, and who isn't, a proper populist. And so already we can figure it out: Trump will flunk the Harris test.
Harris was once a figure of some renown. Born in 1930 in Cotton County, OK, they became prominent when appointed to the US Senate in 1964. They were re-elected two years later and then, in the late 60s, became a media darling: While retaining their twangy country & western persona, they became a safe vote for every limousine-liberal cause of that era, even as they persisted in calling themselves a “populist.” And for their part, East Coast leftists were happy to go along with Harris' word-play; if they could be a reliable liberal vote in conservative Oklahoma, they were welcome to call themselves whatever they wanted, if that's what it took to give themselves some political cover.
Yet Harris' rhetorical ploys didn't work out so well. They avoided seeking a third term in 1972, choosing instead to run for president; their national campaign fizzled. And in fact, at the time, it was thought that Harris couldn't win re-election in Oklahoma, as they were too liberal for the state; they are, for example, pro-choice on abortion. Harris sought the presidency again in 1976, and, once more, their campaign went nowhere.
And for the last four decades, Harris has been a professor at the University of New Mexico, although they have continued to be a liberal Democrat in good standing. Now 86, they have been a delegate to every Democratic convention, a campaign co-chair for Barack Obama in 2008, and a strong supporter of Hillary Clinton last year.
In other words, while it certainly can be said that Harris' progressive credential are in good order, it's harder to say the same of their populist credentials.
After all, populism is all about the rule of the people—their voice, their vision. And the people in Harris' home state aren't so liberal and they no longer vote for Democrats: In 2016, for example, Trump won 65 percent of the vote in the Sooner State, while Clinton won less than 29 percent
So again, it would seem that Harris is more of a leftist than a populist. And yet in this instance, it behooves Politico writer Richard Linnett to extoll Harris' populist credentials—he's the “Godfather of Populism,” after all—because populism is the standard by which they seek to judge, and convict, Trump.
As Politico puts it:
When Harris looks at Donald Trump's campaign, they see a vision of populism fundamentally opposed to the way they saw the movement. In the 1970s, Harris aimed to build political clout by creating new coalitions across boundaries of race, gender and class, uniting people on the basis of their shared struggle.
As we have seen, Harris' vision of populism—in reality, liberalism, complete with sneering references to the purported “racism” of political foes—was rejected by the voters, both in Oklahoma and nationwide.
And yet because Trump has so much populist support, it's a clever MSM tactic to try to belittle their populist credibility. Here's more from Politico:
In electing Trump, Fred Harris believes the people voted against their own interests, choosing a man who will enrich themselves and not them. They see Trump as a leader who has built walls between groups and emphasized their differences in order to gain power—in fact, Harris isn't so sure that the president-elect's views can even be called populist.
So there we have it: The Godfather of Populism isn't so sure that the president-elect is at all a populist. Yes, it might seem cheeky that Harris, out of office for nearly half a century, presumes to explain why it is that Trump, who just won 63 million votes, carrying 30 states—including, of course, Oklahoma—is not actually populist. And yet, of course, the MSM eats it up.
Yes, argument from authority is a strong rhetorical tactic. It can be used to reveal the truth, or it can be used to conceal the truth. And by their own words, MSMers have shown us which approach they prefer.
About
TransformPro is an editor extension for Unity which expands on the basic positioning capabilities provided out of the box.
It provides a fully featured position and rotation grid system, making constructing scenes with primitives and modular components quick and easy. A set of buttons allow you to move and rotate objects in line with the grid in a single click, and with a shift click you can clone and reposition the current object in a single click, retaining the same parent.
The extension allows you to work in local and world space numerically, and all tools respect the space chosen - for example copying and pasting the position in local space will transfer the offset from the parent, wheras in world space it will move the source to the target directly.
Tools are provided for copying and pasting position, rotation and scale data between transforms. Unrelated objects can now be aligned with two clicks.
Objects can be moved or aligned to the mesh beneath them with the grounding system. Any collider present will be used to accurately position the object, and if no collider is present the mesh data will be used instead.
Sorry about the title in French but I had to use something really describing the way I feel and the French words are closer to the goal. It says "Fabulous and unexpected".
I've been lurking in the gallery since early December, looking at the gifts the other ones got. As I've got mine today, I tell you the truth, it's way ahead of any other gift.
Here were my likes: "Something from where you're living, something you'll be happy to share. I'll be glad to discover something special about your country, town, or history."
This morning I opened the gift TheBombadillo and its family sent me (please note the family, it's important). I get a letter, a DVD and something carefully packed. I first read the letter. Sorry Tom, I'll borrow some of your words as your English is better than mine ;)
First of all, the DVD. Tom explains to me that its a DVD full of pictures from where they live, a town in the Yorkshire. Pictures from the dawn of photography up to the present day. There is even a photo of their street from 100 years ago. What a great idea! I've already started to browse the pictures and I've started to learn history of the Yorkshire and search Wikipedia for the city my rematch SS is living in. I was already happy as this gift totally matched my wishes. But then came the biggest part. The second present are two of four 'napkin holders' belonging to my SecretSanta parents. They were bought for them by their mather's Father in 1977 for the Queen's silver jubilee celebration. They were made in their grandfather compagny. All my SecretSanta family (up until its parents) worked in the steelworks. As you said in your letter, those are "very cherished items". I opened the package and was barely able to understand how I could get such a present. How someone could have taken so much time and care for me. How could have someone sent me something so important to them and its family. A bit of its own history for a total stranger? Whoo. I'm on the Internet business since 1999. I've seen many many great things, many great stories. I never thought that I would be part of such a marvelous one. You finish your letter explaining to me that the two others ones are in your own home, somewhere in the UK. Please be sure I'll take great care of the two napkin holders. Be sure we'll be happy if one day you and your family come to visit us in France. We'll be happy to cook something typical for your in order to use once again your so special napkin.
Thanks again.
Your giftee, PeM
(I do not mention your real name and city in order to protect your privacy, not because I don't want to thank you in person :)
HR, coders and manufacturing: The occupations most affected by 457 visa changes
Updated
The Federal Government's changes to temporary migration visas would have affected less than 10 per cent of the visas granted in the second half of 2016, official data shows.
The list of occupations eligible for temporary visa status has been cut from 651 to 435 job types.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says the move is designed to put Australian workers first, though key industries have expressed fears about the difficulty they may face hiring top talent.
ABC News has crunched the numbers to see how many visas and which occupations are affected.
Removed occupations account for less than 10pc of visas
Data from the Department of Immigration and Border Protection shows that 24,270 primary 457 visas were granted between June and December 2016.
Of those, 2,083 were granted to workers in the 216 occupations that have now been removed from the visa list.
This represents 8.6 per cent of primary 457 visas.
That means nine out of 10 workers who were granted 457 visas in that timeframe would still be eligible for temporary work status under the new scheme.
Which occupations on the removed list were most commonly used?
Of the 216 occupations removed from the visa list, human resource advisers, production managers in manufacturing and web developers will be most affected, based on the number of 457 visas granted in 2015-16.
The chart below shows the top 10 removed occupations granted visas in 2015-16.
That's the last full year with data. For the second half of 2016, market research analysts, technicians and trades workers and sales reps for industrial products topped the list of removed occupations that had the most visas granted.
20 deleted occupations were not used in 10 years
For 20 of the occupations cut from the eligibility list, no visas were ever granted in the past 10 years.
That list includes turf growers, deer and goat farmers, boarding kennel operators, judges, magistrates and wool classers.
A further nine occupations removed from the list had seen less than five visas granted in the past 10 years. These were:
Commissioned Fire Officer
Electorate Officer
Migration Agent
Archaeologist
Hydrographer
Dental Prosthetist
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Health Worker
Defence Force Member - Other Ranks
Dog or Horse Racing Official
Search the full data for number of 457 visas granted to workers in removed occupations
Notes
The official data recorded some occupations as having "less than five" visas granted. In those cases, the number of visas granted was assumed to be four to calculate these totals.
The changes will not affect existing visa holders. Numbers of previously granted visas are used to indicate demand for temporary workers based on past years.
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, immigration, government-and-politics, turnbull-malcolm, australia
First posted
Cycliq is the technological innovator behind Fly6. Successfully funded on Kickstarter in March 2014, Fly6 is a HD camera and light for the rear of your bike; it watches your back so you can enjoy the ride ahead. Backers for Fly6 received their rewards on time and are now using them all over the world, capturing memorable moments such as these:
We compiled all of the best bits of Fly6, added a multitude of new technology and infused them to create a device that the cycling community has been long waiting for! We started by brainstorming about what we believed would be the optimum cycling accessory. The goal was simple: we needed a bright light and a full HD camera.
We worked tirelessly with our new design team; with our ideas and their expertise, a thorough design brief was developed. Using the initial design for Fly12, our fabrication team was able to supply us with a physical working prototype.
Initial Concept Designs
With the first prototype, we were able to road test the functionality of several features and consider the variety of possibilities that we could pack into this ultra-modern unit. The insight that rigorous testing of the prototype provided was invaluable in finalizing our design and enabled us to graduate to the next phase of prototyping.
The name Fly12 is a combination of two sayings: "a fly on the wall" and the military term for in front of you, "your 12 o'clock". It is watching out for your front while Fly6 has got your back!
Fly12 is a 1080p HD camera and 400 lumens front light in one compact and smart unit. Featuring a sleek minimalist design with a battery run-time of up to 10 hours on camera only mode or 6 hours with camera on and in flashing light mode, Fly12 can capture and store your ride in case anything happens.
Want to share something that happened on your ride with your buddies? Connect your Fly12 with your smartphone app where you can review the footage, save it, and even share it on social media!
Cycling is an amazing experience, and there are so many reasons we love it! We cycle for transportation, for fun, for exercise, and for sport. Much riding these days means sharing the road with other vehicles. We cycle in all conditions and at all times of the day, and sometimes you need to be able to rely on a good quality light source to help guide you home safely and make you visible to pedestrians and vehicles.
Sometimes things happen on the road that you wish had been captured on camera. Sometimes you have an amazing experience while cycling and want to share it with your friends - and now you can, with one sleek and efficient device.
Fly12 is made by cyclists for cyclists. It has features and functions that we need. It is not a half solution that only works some of the time!
Battery life is a constant consideration when dealing with technology. As cyclists we understand the need for a product with long, reliable battery life, and the ability to withstand even the longest commute. We have worked hard to make all of these needs a reality, and we are happy to announce that Fly12 has got you covered.
Up to 10 hours of battery while using device in camera only mode
Up to 6 hours with camera and flashing light
Up to 2 hours with camera and 400 lumens constant mode
Protected with nano technology to withstand any wet weather
Records in a constant loop so you don't need to worry about formatting your device each time you use it
The Cycliq companion app will be able to connect to your Fly12 after your ride, allowing you to interact in many ways:
Add Strava ride metrics over your video
Review your ride footage
Add '3-foot' tramlines to the footage
Save 15 second snippets and share to Instagram and other social media
Automatic synchronisation of time & date settings
Control device settings from your phone
3ft Tramline Feature
Set your alarm from your phone
Movement will trigger Fly12 alarm, light and video Visual and audible alert sent to your phone
100ft range
Included in your Fly12 box is everything you need to set up and go riding.
The versatility of Fly12's mounting system allows you to mount it above or below your handle bars, empowering the rider to decide where the unit is best suited. Fly12 has a GoPro mounting system as well as the supplied bicycle handlebar mount. In addition, a specialized mount included is compatible with Garmin 1/4 turn and standard 1/4 inch thread for tripods making it for cyclists, a universally adaptable all-in-one front light and HD camera solution.
VIDEO
Resolution 1080p (in 30 or 45 FPS) or 720p (in 30 or 60 FPS)
Video File Format MP4
Video Encoding/compression (codec) H.264
File Sizes 5 Minutes or around 750MB (for 1080p at 45 FPS)
BATTERY
Battery run time up to 10hrs in camera only (for 1080p at 45 FPS)
Battery run time up to 6hrs (the brightest flashing mode and camera)
Battery run time up to 2hrs (full 400 Lumen light and camerae)
LIGHT OUTPUT
Up to 400 Lumens
MicroSD CARD
Pre-installed 16GB class 10 MicroSD card (up to 64GB)
AUDIO
Format: 48Hz, AAC Compression
AGC (Automatic Gain Control)
Internal Microphone: Mono
CAMERA
Ultra Sharp 6-element aspherical glass lens
Fixed f/2.8 aperture
Wide-angle Field of View (130 degrees)
WEIGHT
209g
PORTS
USB Micro 2.0
"I thought the Fly6 was the best thing to happen to promote safer cycling and now it is set to pair up with Fly12. The Fly6 is a must-have on our busy roads and the images it produces are amazing. Can't recommend it highly enough to everyone."
"Like all cyclists, I am concerned about my safety when I am on the road. The Fly6 didn't stop my accident from happening, but it did provide the evidence to police and the insurance company that showed the driver was clearly negligent when two of my mates and I were hit from behind by a car traveling at 80kph"
"I had a very bad accident on my bike as I was hit by a car while commuting, but my Fly6 recorded the whole event and instead of me paying thousands of dollars, the police saw the footage, charged the driver and their insurance covered all my expenses. I never ride without my Fly6 and soon with Fly12"
Cycliq has sold Fly6 to over 30 countries and is now distributed throughout the US, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and more.
Fly6 has been featured in:
Pledge $1 or more.
Good Karma! Thanks for your support! We will keep you up to date with the progress of the campaign
Pledge $249 (USD $199)
SUPER EARLY BIRD - One Fly12: This is your chance to get one of the very first Fly12's at an incredible price. Save 50% off RRP!
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $279 (USD $219)
EARLY BIRD SPECIAL - One Fly12: With this pledge you receive the Fly12 with a massive discount. Saving of $180 USD off the RRP.
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $299 (USD $239)
Fly12 SPECIAL - One Fly12: This is your chance to get Fly12 at an incredible price. Save $160 USD off RRP!
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $329 or more (USD $259)
Fly12 SAVER - One Fly12: Still awesome value in this pledge. Save $140 USD off RRP!
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countires
Pledge $349 (USD $279)
Fly12 VALUE - One Fly12: This is your chance to get a Fly12 at an incredible price. Saving of $120 USD off the RRP.
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $498 (USD $398)
SUPER EARLY BIRD DUO - Two Fly12s: This is your chance to get two (2) of the very first Fly12s at an incredible price. Save 50% off RRP!
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $558 (USD $438)
EARLY BIRD DUO - TWO Fly12s: One for them and one for her! Saving of $280 USD off RRP
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $598 (USD $478)
SPECIAL DUO - TWO Fly12s. This is your chance to get two (2) Fly12s at an incredible price with a massive saving of $320 USD off the RRP.
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $658 (USD $518)
Fly12 DUO - TWO Fly12s: Great value for you and your ride buddy! Saving of $360 USD off the RRP.
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $999 (USD $789)
Fly12 TEST PILOT - THREE FLY12s: Become part of our prototype testing group, provide feedback and suggestions that will shape the final Fly12
Estimated delivery: April 2015 (includes delivery).
Pledge $1,245 (USD $995)
SUPER EARLY BIRD ACTION PACK - 5 x Fly12s: This is it, the best value for money without a doubt. Here you get 5 Fly12's. Perfect for the cycling team or the active family. Saving of $995 USD from RRP
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $1,395 (USD $1,095)
EARLY BIRD ACTION PACK - 5 x Fly12s. That's right five (5) x Fly12s for you and your mates. Saving of $900 USD off the RRP.
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Pledge $2,490 (USD $1,990)
SUPER EARLY BIRD CLUB PACK - 10 x Fly12s. That's right ten (10) x Fly12s for you and your club mates. Saving of 50% USD off the RRP.
Estimated delivery: Nov 2015 - Ships to over 40 countries
Cycliq Team
Anthony, Kingsley, Andrew and Ryan
Team of Experts
Tom Storer; Marketing, Branding, Website, Graphics – The Black Eye Project
Ben Druce; Industrial Design – Planet Innovation
Chris Lyman; Public Relations – Lyman PR
Kirk Flinte; KS Video – Bedrock Marketing
Music: "THINGAMAJIG" by Jason Shaw (http://audionautix.com/index.html)
"SKYUKA" by Konrad Konrad.
It was not immediately clear what Mr Trump meant by "internet taxes." The White House declined to answer questions about the president's statement.
Amazon.com collects state sales taxes in all 45 states with a sales tax and the District of Columbia, according to their website. State governments have sought to capture sales taxes lost to internet retailers, though they have struggled with a 1992 Supreme Court ruling that retailers must have a physical presence in a state before officials can make them collect sales tax.
Amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Washington Post spokesperson Shani George declined comment.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post in 2013. They made the purchase as an individual and Amazon.com Inc. was not involved.
Bezos was one of a number of technology executives who visited the White House recently for a strategy session on modernizing government.
Mr Trump has taken shots at Bezos and Amazon on Twitter before.
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - Waffle House is bringing its scattered, smothered and covered 24-hour menu to Huntsville's Old Town neighborhood.
At its meeting Monday, the city Historic Preservation Commission OK'd the restaurant chain's application to demolish a defunct Sonic Drive-In at 408 Pratt Ave. to make way for a new Waffle House.
The commission also approved Waffle House's proposed building design, but several members raised concerns about the bright-yellow color scheme being a poor fit for an historic area.
"I'm not going to call it gaudy," said board member Peter Lowe, "but it's sort of overbearing."
Mark Russell , the Huntsville City Council representative to the preservation commission, urged Waffle House to be a "good neighbor" and tone down its signature yellow building design.
"I think that will help the neighborhood appreciate you and trust you," said Russell.
Waffle House representative Joe Hoffman said the company should not have to compromise its trademark design because it meets Old Town Historic District guidelines. Another official, Russ Holland, said Waffle Houses that stray too far from the chain's typical look tend to be less successful.
Old Town residents who spoke at Monday's meeting were concerned both about Waffle House's appearance and 24-hour business model.
"I like waffles, but I don't think I want to smell them all day, every day," said Rikki Westerfield, whose home would back up to the restaurant. "It also draws some late-night people we'd rather not have on the other side of our fence."
Lucy Brown, former president of the Old Town Historic District, called Waffle House's yellow-wrapped exterior "big and glaring."
"It might be historic for the Waffle House," they said, "but I think in our historic districts we would love to not see those signs up on the building."
Opened in 1990, the former Sonic Drive-In is not listed as a contributing structure to Old Town. But because of its location on the edge of the historic district, the building can be demolished only with the consent of the preservation commission.
Eustis Avenue resident Ken Hovanes spoke in support of Waffle House's application, saying the empty Sonic is an eyesore that needs to go.
"It just doesn't make sense to leave it in that state," said Hovanes.
Follow me on Twitter: @swdoyle
Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke appeared at the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., prior to Saturday's violent clashes, saying that the event represented fulfilling the promises of President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
"This represents a turning point for the people of this country. We are determined to take our country back, we're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump, and that's what we believed in, that's why we voted for Donald Trump, because they said he's going to take our country back and that's what we gotta do," Duke said.
The former KKK grand wizard's comments came as the proteseors and counter-protesters at the racially charged event, which attracted white supremacists and neo-Nazis, clashed violently.
ADVERTISEMENT
Duke endorsed Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Trump disavowed the white supremacist after dodging questions about the endorsement in earlier interviews.
The president condemned the violence in Charlottesville hours after the white nationalist gathering began in a tweet.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
Duke responded to Trump's tweet on Saturday, appearing to put pressure on Trump.
"I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists," Duke tweeted, referring to Trump's base.
I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists. https://t.co/Rkfs7O2Ykr — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 12, 2017
Our people were peacefully assembling and attacked by the same radical leftists who invaded your meetings and attacked your supporters. https://t.co/Rkfs7O2Ykr — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 12, 2017
So, after decades of White Americans being targeted for discriminated & anti-White hatred, we come together as a people, and you attack us? https://t.co/Rkfs7O2Ykr — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 12, 2017
Trump condemned the violence again without specifically calling out white nationalist groups during a press conference later Saturday afternoon.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides," Trump said at a press conference that was meant to highlight accomplishments by the Department of Veterans' Affairs during their administrations.
"It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time," they continued.
A foreigner in Wuhan has managed to make themselves the target of Chinese netizens' contempt after a video of them harassing a reporter and telling them to ‘show me your boobs' made its rounds on the web.
The news segment (via The Nanfang) shows the reporter approaching a foreigner on the street near Central China Normal University, asking them to give a holiday greeting on camera.The man, much to the delight of their grinning cronies in the background, replied in slurred speech “I love you”, then said “show me your boobs” before grabbing their arm and taking control of the microphone. Several seconds of overdramatized reenactments from the struggle ensue.
Chinese netizens are speaking out against the man's public display of crude behavior, saying that they should have been beat up by the TV crew or even deported. Watch the scene below.
Related: Expat who hit woman on motorbike will be deported along with their dad
Follow @shanghaiist
When Mat Bodie, Daniel Carr, Matt Hatch, Cole Ikkala and Kevin Sullivan arrived at Union College in the fall of 2010, there weren't any banners hanging above the Messa Rink ice surface.
But the fivesome saw hope and a program on the rise.
Today, there are six banners hanging in the rafters. And the seniors want to add before their college careers are done in April.
Bodie, a defenseman, and forwards Carr, Hatch, Ikkala and Sullivan will play their final regular-season home games this weekend when the ECAC Hockey-leading and third-ranked Dutchmen (14-3-1 ECACH, 20-6-4 overall) host Clarkson tonight at 7 and St. Lawrence at 7 p.m. Saturday. The five players will be honored after Saturday's game.
What have the Dutchmen done since Bodie, Carr, Hatch, Ikkala and Sullivan joined the team? Consider the following:
- The Dutchmen have a 94-37-20 overall record, and are 55-18-11 in ECACH play.
- They have won two Cleary Cup regular-season titles (2011 and 2012), and are closing in on a third.
- They have captured back-to-back ECACH tournament Whitelaw Cup championships (2012 and 2013).
- Union has reached the NCAA tournament three straight years, and a fourth trip seems all but assured.
- The Dutchmen won the 2012 East Regional and made the program's first Division I Frozen Four appearance.
“Everything we've done so far, we're pretty happy with what we've accomplished,” said Hatch, who has 30 goals and 35 assists in 136 career games. “But I think we still have a little more, as a class, still to accomplish, and some goals we still have that we haven't reached yet.”
The one thing that has eluded them is a national champ­ionship. The Dutchmen came close in 2012, but dropped a 3-1 decision to Ferris State in the semifinal.
“We still haven't accomplished a national championship,” said Ikkala, who has six goals and 12 assists in 102 career games. “That's still our main goal.”
Carr, the team's all-time Division I leading scorer with 137 points in 148 games, doesn't believe the seniors should get all the credit for the program's success.
“We had a lot of help our first three years,” said Carr, the Dutchmen's leading scorer this season with 13 goals and 17 assists. “When we got here, Brock Matheson, Adam Presizniuk, Andrew Buote, Luke Cain, Justin Pallos and John Simpson, all those guys did a great job of helping us to adjust to college hockey. That was a big help for our class. They did a great, great job of showing us what it takes day in, day out, to be successful in college. That's where it all started for us. We just kind of grew from there, and things have worked out pretty well for us.”
The banners hanging from the rafters are for the Cleary Cup and Whitelaw Cup titles, as well as the Dutchmen's three NCAA tournament appearances and their Frozen Four appearance.
“Making the [NCAA] tournament appearances was pretty cool,” said Sullivan, who has 20 goals and 42 assists in 120 games. “Obviously, two Whitelaw Cups back to back is pretty cool, as well.”
The program was on the rise when the fivesome arrived. Union earned its first ECACH tournament first-round bye in 2008. The following season, the Dutchmen won their first Division I playoff series, and in 2010, they reached the ECACH tournament champ­ionship game.
That's one of the reasons why Bodie, who has 24 goals and 86 assists in 142 career games, wanted to come to Union.
“We were fortunate to come in at a time when the program was on an upswing,” said Bodie, who became the first Union defenseman to record 100 career points. “Being part of the first [NCAA] tournament appearance was nice. We've continued that [tradition] pretty strong the last three years. As a class, we got along really well and we worked together really well, so that's probably what we'll be remembered for.”
Union coach Rick Bennett is proud of what their five seniors have done for the program.
“Hopefully, those accomplishments aren't completed just yet,” Bennett said. “I think these guys have a lot in the tank. But it's going to be up to us and them to build upon that.
“Those guys, from the day they got on campus to the time that they leave, they'll leave a legacy that is very, very impressive. They've earned every accolade they've ever gotten.”
“Just as we walk away from this, we helped set a standard for Union hockey,” Ikkala said. “The recruits we have coming in and the classes below us will carry it on.”
Not forgotten
Bennett remembered three would-be seniors who left the team for different reasons.
Goalie Troy Grosenick and forward Josh Jooris gave up their senior seasons to sign with San Jose and Calgary, respectively. Defenseman Mike Ingoldsby's career was cut short after 13 games their first-year student season because of numerous concussions.
“Josh Jooris, in their three years here, was a major contributor, and a super guy and a great student-athlete, along with Troy Grosenick, who left a legacy and a half, being the ultimate student-athlete here,” Bennett said. “This class has a tremendous amount of respect from the school in the fact of how they approached being a student-athlete. They really got the fact that being a student first was just so important.
“[Ingoldsby] was off to a great start. I'm not going to say they were going to be an All-American or a Hobey Baker [candidate], but the path that they were on, they would have been right up there with a lot of the best ‘D' here in the history of Union.”
Consulting for men who have better things to do than educate themselves about feminism.
Got a question for a feminist? I would be happy to educate you! Below are my rates.
LET ME GOOGLE THAT FOR YOU I will spend no more than ten minutes googling your question for you. I'll send you a couple articles I find that are helpful. $50 LET'S TALK ON TWITTER I will spend no more than 15 minutes having a public Twitter conversation with you about your question. Please tweet at me (@elizsimins) with your PayPal transaction ID so I know what your question is and that you've paid for my time already. $100 LET'S TALK ON TWITTER
BUT FOR A LONGER TIME I will spend no more than 40 minutes having a public Twitter conversation with you about your question. Please tweet at me (@elizsimins) with your PayPal transaction ID so I know what your question is and that you've paid for my time already. $200
Price Tiers LET ME GOOGLE THAT FOR YOU $50.00 USD LET'S TALK ON TWITTER $100.00 USD LET'S TALK ON TWITTER BUT FOR A LONGER TIME $200.00 USD Questions Why is it "feminism" and not "humanism"/"equalism"? Why isn't misandry hate speech? / Why isn't reverse racism real? What about male victims of domestic violence/sexual assault/etc? What does "cis" mean? Do feminists hate sex/humor/fun? Are all feminists lesbians? When is a rape joke okay? Stop censoring my edgy humor! Aren't you worried about alienating potential allies? Give me some examples of how women aren't treated equally. Explain rape culture / the patriarchy / what "systemic" means.
A project by Elizabeth Simins.
Craig Baxter woke early at their sister's house on the morning that would launch the rest of h…
More information
More than 500 people are listed on the Nebraska Missing Persons Clearinghouse. Most are under 18; some are runaways; some don't want to be found; some are believed to be dead. But in every case, someone in Nebraska is missing them.
Jason's Law -- passed in 2005 and named after 19-year-old Jason Jolkowski of Omaha who was last seen in front of their home on June 13, 2001 -- requires law enforcement agencies to submit missing person reports to the clearinghouse.
The results can be found on the Nebraska State Patrol's website. More information: 402-479-4986 (in Lincoln) or 877-441-5678.
For a look at some of the missing, also go to JournalStar.com
Fossil has been talking about getting into wearable technology for some time, and now it is finally giving us a peek at what it's been working on with Intel. At Intel Developer Forum (IDF) today, Fossil had three Intel-powered wearable devices on hand, one of which was an Android Wear smartwatch. It looks like the offspring of a union between a Watch Urbane and a Moto 360.
We don't know anything about the internals yet, aside from the fact it'll run an Intel SoC. The screen is presumably an LCD of some sort, and it has that flat tire design just like the Moto 360 with the black bar at the bottom. On Motorola's watch, that's where the light sensor and the display drivers are. It's probably the same deal here.
Fossil at least has some experience designing watches that look alright, and Intel's Atom chips have gotten much better on Android. This might be a device to watch, assuming it actually comes out. Maybe next time it breaks cover someone will tell us what it's called. That'd be nice.
In recent years, the US supreme court has solidified the concept of corporate personhood. Following rulings in such cases as Hobby Lobby and Citizens United, US law has established that companies are, like people, entitled to certain rights and protections.
But that's not the only instance of extending legal rights to nonhuman entities. New Zealand took a radically different approach in 2014 with the Te Urewera Act which granted an 821-square-mile forest the legal status of a person. The forest is sacred to the Tūhoe people, an indigenous group of the Maori. For them Te Urewera is an ancient and ancestral homeland that breathes life into their culture. The forest is also a living ancestor. The Te Urewera Act concludes that “Te Urewera has an identity in and of itself” and thus must be its own entity with “all the rights, powers, duties, and liabilities of a legal person”. Te Urewera holds title to itself.
Although this legal approach is unique to New Zealand, the underlying reason for it is not. Over the last 15 years I have documented similar cultural expressions by Native Americans about their traditional, sacred places. As an anthropologist, this research has often pushed me to search for an answer to the profound question: What does it mean for nature to be a person?
A majestic mountain sits not far north-west of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Like a low triangle, with long gentle slopes, Mount Taylor is clothed in rich forests that appear a velvety charcoal-blue from the distance. Its bald summit, more than 11,000 feet high, is often blanketed in snow – a reminder of the blessing of water, when seen from the blazing desert below.
The Zuni tribe lives about 40 miles west of Mount Taylor. In 2012, I worked with a team to interview 24 tribal members about the values they hold for Dewankwin K'yaba:chu Yalanne (“In the East Snow-capped Mountain”), as Mount Taylor is called in the Zuni language. We were told that their most ancient ancestors began an epic migration in the Grand Canyon.
Over millennia they migrated across the south-west, with important medicine societies and clans living around Mount Taylor. After settling in their current pueblo homes, Zunis returned to this sacred mountain to hunt animals like deer and bear, harvest wild plants like acorns and cattails, and gather minerals used in sacrosanct rituals that keep the universe in order. Across the generations Dewankwin Kyaba:chu Yalanne has come to shape Zuni history, life and identity no less than the Vatican has for Catholics.
But unlike holy places in the western world, Zunis believe Mount Taylor is a living being. Zuni elders told me that the mountain was created within the Earth's womb. As a mountain formed by volcanic activity, it has always grown and aged. The mountain can give life as people do. The mountain's snow melts in spring and nourishes plants and wildlife for miles. Water is the mountain's blood; buried minerals are the mountain's meat. Because it lives, deep below is its beating heart. Zunis consider Mount Taylor to be their kin.
There is a stereotype that Native American peoples have a singular connection to nature. And yet in my experience, they do see the world in a fundamentally different way from most people I know. Whether it is mountains, rivers, rocks, animals, plants, stars or weather, they see the natural world as living and breathing, deeply relational, even at times all-knowing and transcendent.
In my work with Arizona's Hopi tribe, I have traveled with cultural leaders to study sacred places. They often stop to listen to the wind, or search the sky for an eagle, or smile when it begins to rain, which they believe is a blessing the ancestors bestow upon them.
During one project with the Hopi tribe, we came across a rattlesnake coiled near an ancient fallen pueblo. “Long ago, one of them ancestors lived here and turned into a rattlesnake,” the elder Raleigh H Puhuyaoma Sr shared with me, pointing to the nearby archaeological site. “It's now protecting the place.” The elders left an offering of cornmeal to the snake. An elder later told me that it soon rained on their cornfield, a result from this spiritual exchange.
Understanding these cultural worldviews matters greatly in discussions over protecting places in nature. The American west has a long history of battles over the control of land. We've seen this recently from the Bundy family's takeover of the federal wildlife refuge in Oregon to the current fight over turning Bears Ears – 1.9 million acres of wilderness – into a national monument in Utah.
Yet often these battles are less about the struggle between private and public interests, and more about basic questions of nature's purpose. Do wild places have intrinsic worth? Or is the land a mere tool for human uses?
Much of my research has involved documenting sacred places because they are being threatened by development projects on public land. The Zuni's sacred Mount Taylor, much of it managed by the US National Forest Service, has been extensively mined for uranium, and is the cause of violent disputes over whether it should be developed or protected.
Even though the US does not legally recognize natural places as people, some legal protections exist for sacred places. Under the National Historic Preservation Act, for example, the US government must take into consideration the potential impacts of certain development projects on “traditional cultural properties”.
This and other federal heritage laws, however, provide tribes with a small voice in the process, little power, and rarely lead to preservation. More to the point, these laws reduce what tribes see as living places to “properties”, obscuring their inherent spiritual value.
In New Zealand, the Te Urewera Act offers a higher level of protection, empowering a board to be the land's guardian. The Te Urewera Act, though, does not remove its connection to humans. With a permit, people can hunt, fish, farm and more. The public still has access to the forest. One section of the law even allows Te Urewera to be mined.
Te Urewera teaches us that acknowledging cultural views of places as living does not mean ending the relationship between humans and nature, but reordering it – recognizing nature's intrinsic worth and respecting indigenous philosophies.
In the US and elsewhere, I believe we can do better to align our legal system with the cultural expressions of the people it serves. For instance, Congress could amend the NHPA or the American Indian Religious Freedom Act to acknowledge the deep cultural connection between tribes and natural places, and afford better protections for sacred landscapes like New Mexico's Mount Taylor.
Until then, it says much about us when companies are considered people before nature is.
This article originally appeared on The Conversation
Image: Vera Kratochvil
We regret to inform you that the snails are not always good. Sometimes, they're hosts to parasites that feast on the blood of adorable ducklings.
Remember that viral photo of the cute little ramp Washington D.C. made to give ducks easy access to the Capitol Reflecting Pool? Around 80 ducklings are dead in the nearby Lincoln Reflecting Pool.
It's a heartbreaking turn of events.
But before you start cranking up the voltage on your snail-zappers, it's important to remember that there is more to every snail-story than meets the eye.
The NPS says that necropsies of the ducklings revealed the cause: A parasite that develops and grows in snails that live in the pool. Officials I spoke with via email weren't sure of the specific name of the parasite—I've asked the researchers at the USGS National Wildlife Health Center, who performed the necropsies, and will update when we hear an answer—but as parasites that harm duck populations go, a good bet would be on the same invasive species that lives in faucet snails, which damaged duck populations in the Upper Mississippi in 2008 and 2016.
After the snails are infected by the parasite, ducks eat the snails, and then the snail-hosts bore into the ducks' intestinal walls, as Jim Nissen at the Fish and Wildlife Service told NPR: "They gorge on blood and then lay eggs. The eggs are passed through the birds' feces, and that's how they reach the snails. That's how the cycle is perpetuated."
So, the snails aren't really the bad guys here. They're just an unwitting host to a parasite that drinks blood and hates fluffy baby ducks.
"We don't know the reason for the elevated levels of the parasite, and likely never will," Michael Litterst, Chief of Communications at the NPS told me via email. "We had a three day stretch of temperatures in the 90s that ended the day before the first ducks died, so it is possible that was a contributing factor."
In order to stop the spread, they'll need to drain the pool. This is the first time that the pool has been drained for parasite-related reasons. NPS hopes to have the thing scrubbed down for refilling to begin by June 16.
This article contains affiliate links, click here for my full disclosure policy
Currently I'm running an experiment here at Growing a Green Family. Can the average family of four save $50,000 in five years simply by living green?
So far we found that you can save $6,000+ if you switch from bottled water to tap and filtered tap water in reusable bottles. Next up let's see how much one very simple change could save you. Switching from paper napkins to cloth napkins.
How many napkins does the average family use?
I've run cloth napkin cost figures before and usually someone argues with me to the effect of, “But we only use one paper napkin a day I swear! MY KIDS are tidy” or, “You aren't calculating the cheapest paper napkins!”
Ok… sorry. I don't believe the “one napkin per day” deal. One, if you say you've got kids and you're only using one napkin a day, well, what? Are your kids absolutely perfect and tidy? Are they using their shirts to wipe down?
I'm gonna calculate one napkin per meal because frankly that's what should be going on. If that's not what's going on at your house, sorry, but I need a base number here folks.
At three meals a day (1095 meals a year), a family of four would use 12 napkins per day; 4,380 per year; 21,900 per five year. That's if you only use one napkin per person, per meal and NEVER not once have guests over. Marcal, green papermaker notes that the average person actually uses 6 napkins per day. Since everyone I've ever met has guests over at least twice a year and at times uses more than one paper napkin per meal, I'm adding one extra package of paper napkins to the total.
Also, this time around I'm going with the most popular paper napkins at Amazon to get a representative figure of what folks are buying – I figure that will give us a good base for comparison.
How much do paper napkins cost?
I looked around Amazon and found the most popular bulk case of paper napkins which are Bounty Quilted Napkins, White, 100-Count Napkins (Pack of 20) for $39.99. That's 2,000 napkins at 0.02 per napkin. You'd need to buy almost 11 cases over 5 years plus 1 extra pack for extras and company.
However, I see people all the time buying non-bulk packages of paper napkins from the regular grocery store. The most popular non-bulk napkins at Amazon are kind of pricey at $5.99 for 50. Kleenex Premium Dinner Napkins, 50 napkins per package. You'd need 438 packs of napkins + two more for extras and company.
Also, if you really use non-recycled paper napkins all the time that's simply horrid, so I'm also calculating for a case of typical recycled paper napkins. Seventh Generation 100% recycled Napkins, 1-Ply Sheets, 500-Count Packages (pack of 12) cost $80.66. That's 6,000 napkins at 0.01 per napkin. That's 3.5 packs over 5 years plus 1/2 extra pack (there are more napkins in these packs) for extras and company.
Total cost of basic paper napkins over five years = $479.88
Total cost of NON-bulk paper napkins over five years = $2,635.60
Total cost of 100% recycled paper napkins over five years = $322.64
How many cloth napkins will you need?
I've used cloth napkins my whole life. My mom used them, then I did, and after 30 some odd years of use I know that typically, decent cloth napkins last about five or six years years. After five years they start to look a little shabby, but we'll still use them for about another three years (we use newer ones if we're trying to pull of a fancy meal). After about eight or so years of use cloth napkins are usually too shabby to use at meals but perfectly fine to clean with. My oldest cloth cleaning napkins are about ten years old.
As for how many you need. For a family of four I'd suggest half a week worth because at some point in the week I assume you wash laundry. We usually have about 25 on hand at my house. I'd suggest 25-35 total but for this experiment let's just go with 40 that's about half a weeks worth.
You can buy nice organic or recycled cotton or hemp napkins (which I suggest) or you can get cheaper thrift store cloth napkins, which I suggest still over paper napkins.
How much do cloth napkins cost?
New Solid Color Cotton Napkin Set of 6 Fair Trade – set of 6 will run you $18.00 or $108 for half a week worth that leaves plenty for company and for extras per day as needed.
Thrift store napkins will cost you about .30-.50 each. You could make some cloth napkins for about that much too. In total, cheap cloth napkins or homemade will cost you about $20 for half a weeks worth.
Total cost of eco-friendly cloth napkins over five years = $108.00
Total cost of NON-bulk paper napkins over five years = $20.00
Other cost issues involved
For paper napkins you'll need to figure gas to the store (which I'm not going to do though) and for cloth you'll need to figure the cost of washing them. Personally I think it's dumb to use the old argument, “But I have to wash cloth napkins – that costs water and energy!” If you've ever washed cloth napkins you'll know that they use up almost no space in your washer. 40 napkins won't even amount to a small load. I always throw them in with my other laundry, which frankly, I have to wash anyhow, so water, soap, and energy costs are a moot point.
If you want to argue this though we can. I checked around and there are different estimates on how much it costs to wash one load of laundry on cold using your dryer set on medium to dry. The costs ranged from about 12 cents to 34 cents depending on where I looked. We'll use the top range; 34 cents.
According to the book The Complete Tightwad Gazette , it takes about 200 napkins in your typical sized washer to make a full load. That's worth washing your own set of 36-40 napkins about 5 times, or about 24 full loads of napkins per year, which works out to around $8.00 a year. Even if you add in soap costs, it's clear that washing cloth napkins can't outweigh the costs of buying paper.
Then you have to factor in the savings from long-term use. The real way that cloth napkins add up to real savings is over many years; not just five. The typical life span of your cloth napkins (as noted above) is about 6-8 years but since I use them to clean with long after that I also save money by not buying paper towels. Since cloth napkins last longer than five years, you'll have to consider the on-going cost of paper vs. your still going strong cloth napkins.
Money saved over five years if you switch to cloth…
It really depends.
Five year's worth of eco-friendly cloth napkins for a family of four = $20 to $108.00 + about $60 for five years worth of washing (and I rounded up big time for soap use and energy fluctuation)
Total cost over five years = $80-$168
Five year's worth of disposable paper napkins for a family of four = $322.64 to $2,635.60 depending on the type of napkins you buy. Bulk is WAY better. The best deal is actually bulked recycled (oddly).
Savings with cloth napkins over five years…
If you go from non-bulk paper napkins to homemade/thrift cloth napkins = $2,556.00
If you go from non-bulk paper napkins to eco-friendly new cloth napkins =$2,463.00
If you go from bulk recycled paper napkins to homemade/thrift cloth napkins = $242.00
If you go from bulk recycled paper napkins to eco-friendly new cloth napkins = $155.00
In other words, to know how much you could save you have to be honest about what sort of paper napkins you buy and how many you use. In homes where paper napkins are used it's been my experience that more paper napkins per meal are used though. Especially when there are kids in the family. Also, while bulk napkins are obviously available, little expensive packs of napkins sell, so someone is buying them. If that's you, you're the family who will see the most savings with cloth napkins.
UM????: If you're already buying recycled paper napkins in bulk using cloth won't save you much money. If you're using non-bulk, non-recycled paper napkins, using cloth will save you scads. No matter what, cloth napkins will lower your footprint. Since the savings on cloth napkins vs. paper aren't as clear-cut as disposable water bottles vs. reusable water bottles, I'm going to have to cut the difference. Mid level you'll spend $124.00 on cloth napkins and $1,478 on paper. There's not a huge savings here. Just $1,354 over five years. Too bad, but still I recommend using cloth.
END RESULT: We're trying to save $50,000 and so far we've saved $7,534.00 That leaves $42,466.00 left to save. Can we do it? Geez, not if we have more lackadaisical savings like this. Blah.
What are your thoughts on cloth napkins vs. paper napkins?
[cloth napkin image via here]
Nancy Pelosi appears to have issues, but Democrats continue making them their spokesperson anyway.
The House Minority Leader repeatedly misspoke during brief remarks with their colleagues late Friday, and at one point even awkwardly froze up.
They criticized the “actions of the Trump administration as relation— related to the rule of the law.”
“The Trump administration and the Trump family have pa— eagerly ex— uh, intended to collude with a hostile foreign policy,” they said, likely intending to say “power” instead of “policy.”
“Members of Congress take a sa— sacred oath,” Pelosi struggled to say moments later.
“What do the Russians have politically, financially, uh, uh, or— and any— personally on Donald Trump that they fawn over Putin, uh, questions sanctions, uh—” they said, then froze.
“Uh— is— reckless when it comes to Article V,” Pelosi finally said.
Them statement condemning Jared Kushner lost its effect as they repeatedly herself.
“It's absolutely ridiculous that they should have, have that, that clearance,” they said.
“Today we are announcing a new coo-nated effort to force votes to get answers for the American people they said, struggling to say “coordinated.”
“We will force Republicans to take votes on the record to continue, uh, from, from hiding the facts from the American people,” Pelosi said, effectively stating Republicans are being transparent.
As the House Minority Leader introduced several of their colleagues who took swings at the Trump pinata, they fumbled, “House Republicans will have to ask for their actions and one of the questions they will have— some of the questions they will have to answer will be posed by our colleagues…”
They went on to introduce their sidekick Maxine Waters, who called the Trump family a “criminal enterprise.”
A leaked draft of an Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report due in 2014 shows how climate change is already affecting food security around the world.
The report, which a spokesperson for the IPCC described as a "work in progress," is likely to change before it is fully released in March 2014. However, it lays out in concerning detail the conclusions of recent research on how climate change is affecting the world's food supplies today and how it is likely to affect the supply in the future.
The report concludes that the climate is already having an effect on food security and that while rising temperatures may have beneficial effects on agricultural production in limited areas, global productivity is expected to decrease two percent per decade for the rest of the century from what it would be without humanity's influence on the climate.
The IPCC's warning is described in the New York Times as "the sharpest in tone the panel has issued," in contrast to the more hopeful version from 2007 which reported that tropical production losses would most likely be offset by gains at higher latitudes.
Since then, much work has been done on food security around the globe, which is summarized in the report. Of the biggest concern is the response of crops to heat waves and how CO 2 fertilizes plant life.
The report also discusses the impact of climate change on ecosystems, with plants and animals fleeing rising temperatures to higher elevations and latitudes, making the species already found in those areas extinct.
The worst effects are expected to be felt in poorer, tropical countries, the report also notes.
Finally, the report notes that while countries have begun to mitigate and adapt to the effects of climate change, these efforts are so far inadequate in comparison with the risks.
This story originally appeared on Wired UK.
No one was safe during President Obama's speech at his...
WASHINGTON — A day after being roasted by President Obama at the White House Correspondents Association Dinner, Donald Trump offered rare kudos to the ‘comedian' -in-chief.
“It's a comedy. It's fine. I thought they did a nice job, it was good,” Trump told Fox News Sunday. Obama joked Trump's foreign policy experience is meeting with “Miss Sweden [and] Miss Argentina” and Trump could close Gitmo because he's good at running waterfront properties to the ground.
“I have the best waterfront properties in the world. I don't know what he's talking about,” Trump shrugged.
Obama infamously roasted The Donald in 2011 over their birth certificate conspiracy and more when the billionaire was in the audience. Trump passed on the annual celebrity-rich gala, which Obama also made light of Saturday night.
“What could they possibly be doing instead? Are they at home eating a Trump steak, tweeting out insults to Angela Merkel? What's they doing?” Obama said. Trump's kids attended instead.
Trump is teeing up for win in Indiana Tuesday and practiced Sunday their attack lines against their likely general election opponent, Hillary Clinton.
They doubled down on their insistence Clinton just plays the “woman's card” and rejected widespread political critique this line of attack will further hurt them with women voters.
“I'm my own strategist,” Trump said.
“Look, she's a strong person. She's going to have to be able to take it. The fact is, the only card they have is the woman's card. She's done a lousy job in so many ways and even women don't like them … And it's true, if they were not a woman. They wouldn't even be in the race.”
“Once I start on Hillary, you'll see the numbers change,” Trump added.
Trump is the only GOP candidate left who can get to 1,237 delegates needed the nomination, but Ted Cruz's campaign is working hard to pick off Trump delegates in each state to increase their chances in the event of a contested convention.
Cruz lost badly to Trump in Arizona and Virginia, but this weekend Cruz picked of the majority of delegates in each state this weekend, another testament to their organizational strategy.
Meanwhile, Cruz continued to dig at Trump for not being conservative enough – taking on the tycoon for suggesting they didn't have a problem with Caitlyn Jenner using the ladies room.
“It doesn't make sense for grown adult men, strangers, to be alone in a restroom with a little girl,” Cruz told CNN.
Guns had fallen silent thanks to a de facto cease-fire and the peace process had been moving along, if not at desired pace. The country was preparing for general elections when clashes broke out between the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) and the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) at Agri, a province near the border with Iran. Suddenly, Turkey found itself experiencing terror and chaos. The clashes in Agri followed warnings that the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) might resort to provocation as it tries to set up a presidential system and ensure that the pro-Kurdish People's Democracy Party (HDP) does not cross the 10% electoral threshold.
Mayhem ensued. Even before the clashes ended, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan accused the HDP of politicking under the shadow of guns. HDP Co-chair Selahattin Demirtas accused the AKP of panicking over unfavorable opinion polls, saying, “What happened at Agri was a pre-planned provocation.”
What was the incident that amplified political tensions so much?
According to the government version, in the village of Yukaritufek of Diyadin township in Agri province, PKK members organized a spring festival. The government received intelligence that the terror outfit would use the occasion to spread propaganda and pressure people to vote for the HDP in coming elections. The governor of Agri instructed the provincial gendarmerie command to send a special forces detachment of 15 soldiers to the location. It was reported that terrorists opened rifle fire on soldiers deployed near the village. After 12 hours of combat, the TSK announced that four soldiers had been wounded, five PKK members had been killed and one had been captured.
Local sources have a different version
The local version differs from official accounts. IMC TV reporter Saadet Yildiz, who went to the area and spoke to eyewitnesses, shared their findings with Al-Monitor:
“The municipality has been organizing tree-planting festivals for the past two years. The HDP and the Peace and Democracy Party were scheduled to participate in the festival. The governor's office had three days' notice of the festival. On the day of the festival, that is April 11, at around 3 a.m., helicopters delivered a 15-man special forces team close to where the guerrilla group stays and clashes started between the two forces.
“Cezmi Budak, Diyadin's former HDP leader, and Cenap Ilboga, representative of the nongovernmental organization MEYA-DER [Mesopotamia Association for Assistance to Families with Lost Relatives], who had gone to the area early to prepare for the festival, came under fire from helicopters. Budak was killed and Ilboga was wounded. A PKK militant trying to protect the two men was also killed. Meanwhile, the villagers were prevented from going to the festival location by soldiers who said there were clashes going on.
“Villagers who wanted to be human shields between the clashing parties took roundabout trails, walking for 3½ hours, and reached the clashes. They first found Budak and Ilboga and then, nearby, eight to 10 wounded soldiers. Civilians carried the wounded soldiers to the entrance of the village. The PKK did not lose five men, but only one. Reports said one wounded guerrilla was captured — but the man was not a guerrilla, but rather Ilboga. The PKK on the nearby hill told us, 'We opened fire to defend ourselves, not to kill. We realized that the soldiers were sent to get killed because the soldiers had no way of exiting from where the helicopters landed them.'”
As the clashes went on, there was a series of strange happenings. A public announcement came not from the military high command but from former Interior Minister Efkan Ala, who had nothing to do with the event, but was campaigning in Erzurum. Ala declared: “Four gendarmerie troops are wounded. Terrorists have been eliminated.”
A short time later, Erdoğan, who was attending a ceremony in Sakarya, contradicted Ala, saying that “25 terrorists are now clashing with our soldiers.”
Demirtas said the AKP was in a panic after recent polls showed it was losing votes. They said, "Erdoğan, as if they were making a live broadcast from Agri, tried to score political points by saying, ‘There are clashes in Agri.' There was no clash there but a pre-planned, staged operation. Their goal was to come out with as many coffins as possible. They abandoned their 15 soldiers in the clash area. Eight of those were wounded. They wanted these soldiers to die so that the AKP could increase its votes. Our HDP colleagues removed the wounded soldiers from the area of fighting. They opened fire on our friends who had gone to evacuate the wounded soldiers and killed one soldier, one HDP colleague and a PKK guerrilla. Our friends had to carry the wounded soldiers wrapped in bed sheets. We have photographs.”
Demirtas gave a damning statement that still reverberates. They went on, “It will be better if the chief of General Staff stops working for the AKP. This is the army of a country, not of a political party.” In the videos and photographs the HDP disseminated, civilians are seen helping to carry the wounded soldiers.
An angry Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu retorted, “Demirtas is lying and bending the truth. The TSK is the army of this state. That is why it will obey whatever the political will decrees.”
But a statement from the TSK chief of staff put Davutoglu in a delicate position. In it, two elements stood out: “The party affiliation of our citizens does not affect the nature of missions we carry out as the TSK,” and “The governor tasked the gendarmerie, which is an institution of law and order. This preventive measure taken for security reasons had nothing to do with the TSK.”
Other TSK statements concerned the casualties: “We appreciate the assistance of our citizens in the medical evacuation of our four personnel. … We thank our people, and wish them pleasant and peaceful days of good health and happiness.”
As contradictory official statements increased the confusion, IMC TV broadcast editor Eyup Burc, who knows the area intimately, made this assessment for Al-Monitor: “That the guerrillas are based in that area is not a secret. The governor knows it; the soldiers know it. Nobody launched an operation in that area during the cease-fire. Guerrillas there are not in an offensive deployment. Soldiers did not interfere with earlier festivals. This is why I think that this operation is directly linked to the coming elections. When I look at the chronology of events, I agree with the scenario Demirtas outlined. Soldiers were sent there for a purpose. Fifteen [soldiers'] funerals will come, people will react, then HDP offices will be attacked, the military will launch air attacks against PKK camps and we will return to a combat atmosphere. But people of the area realized this, and did not allow it.”
For the sake of the peace process, the government has not allowed the TSK to conduct any operations until now. Why is it now risking the solution process by ordering an operation two months before the elections? What is the role of Erdoğan, who gave out real-time information as the operation was in progress?
That village of just 45 voters is known to identify with the HDP. How can we then claim that the PKK was pressuring the people to vote for the HDP?
Ala, a former minister who has no authority and responsibility, was able to give out details before the government and the military command. What has Ala to do with this operation? Why has the government, which quickly blamed the HDP and is exploiting the incident for its campaign, not given a satisfactory account of the incident?
When the co-chair of the Union of Kurdish Communities, Cemil Bayik, said a day before the clashes, “We say enough to war. Neither we nor the Turkish state achieved any goals through war,” how convincing can the official version be?
Statements from the government side appear designed more to lynch the opposition than to clear up the incident. But the days when statements from the government and the TSK were never challenged are long gone. Media and politics have diversified and became freer. Turkey is not blind anymore. The government, which still hasn't been able to explain how the public prosecutor taken hostage by two [Revolutionary People's Liberation Party] militants in the Istanbul Palace of Justice could not be rescued, is now charged with staging this extreme provocation to keep the HDP under the electoral threshold and enable the AKP to grab the parliamentary majority.
Get the biggest Weekday Nottingham Forest FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Middlesbrough are closing in on the signing of Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga, after Burnley had a second offer for the player rejected.
The Reds were understood to favour selling the DR Congo international to a Premier League club, rather than a Championship rival, with Watford also understood to be keen on the player.
But Sean Dyche's side are not understood to have come close to the deal put on the table by Boro, who are believed to be willing to pay up to £14m for the 24-year-old.
And Boro have emerged as the side who are willing to pay the most for the want-away forward.
Middlesbrough, who are looking to secure an immediate return top flight under new manager by Garry Monk, are also said to be willing to offer Assombalonga wages that would immediately double their current City Ground package – and could rise to as much as £60k a week in future, if Boro do win promotion.
Forest did attempt to persuade Assombalonga that their future was still in Nottingham but the player, who has recently changed agent, is understood to be keen on a move and made that stance clear to the new Reds hierarchy.
And that move could now happen as soon as this afternoon, with Assombalonga expected to undergo a medical today.
Assombalonga still has four years left to run on the new Forest contract they signed last summer, in the immediate aftermath of Oliver Burke's £13m move to RB Leipzig.
But they are now on the verge of a move north that would eclipse that fee for the winger.
Forest boss Mark Warburton and director of football Frank McParland do have a list of potential replacements drawn up and the club are expected to act quickly to reinvest some of the Assombalonga transfer fee, once their move is confirmed.
President Donald Trump increasingly believes that they are surrounded by enemies intent on their political destruction.
The battle lines, as they see them, are numerous, spanning from the halls of Congress to the courtroom to the evening news. And, more than any time prior in their presidency, they seem prepared to go on the counterattack, with a mix of bare-knuckled politics and legal maneuvering, including the contemplation of filing lawsuits.
The foremost threat is from the team of investigators being led by special counsel Robert Mueller. Trump's team appears to be laying the groundwork for allegations that Mueller has acted improperly, with malice toward the president, and even in violation of the law himself. Though Trump themselves denied on Sunday that they are thinking of firing Mueller, efforts to undermine the special counsel appear underfoot.
The latest datapoint came by way of a pair of press leaks. Sources on Trump's transition team told Axios on Saturday that Mueller had obtained thousands of emails from officials on that team, including embarrassing and potentially incriminating messages between senior transition aides.
Hours after the Axios story dropped, the transition team leaked a letter to Fox News in which it accused Mueller of illegally obtaining those emails.
The General Services Administration, from which Mueller obtained them, and the Office of Special Counsel have both disputed that claim. And legal scholars have sided with Mueller in this dispute. But the pair of transition leaks demonstrate that Team Trump's legal strategy is increasingly turning to methods of preemptively discrediting Mueller. Trump has publicly demanded that the special counsel's investigation wrap up by year's end, and those close to them say the president will be furious if that dubious, if not artificial, timeline is not met.
But Trump's fury isn't just directed inside the boundaries of government.
Trump also increasingly considers the political press an explicit foe—or an “enemy of the people,” as he's put it. And according to knowledgeable sources, the president is growing more prone toward musings about potentially using the legal system to go after those journalists they deem hostile.
In the aftermath of highly publicized errors in recent reporting by CNN and ABC News on the Mueller investigation, Trump has privately told associates how satisfying and “great” it would be to sue journalists—ABC's Brian Ross in particular for erroneously reporting that Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn reached out to Russian officials during the campaign—whom they believe intentionally spread lies and “fake news” about them and their team, according to two sources close to the president.
Trump has threatened numerous lawsuits against adversarial reporters over the years and has only occasionally followed through. The latest missive struck allies and advisers as a revival of their campaign-trail fantasizing about opening up and weaponizing libel laws and not a genuine statement of intent to do so.
Nevertheless, Trump's pique toward both the length of the Russia investigation and the media's reporting on it reflects a larger sense of frustration they feel about being politically hamstrung even while occupying the world's most powerful office.
Trump has taken keen note of recent revelations that top FBI officials on the investigation sent cryptic notes to each other last year about an “insurance policy” in the event of their win. Shortly after that story broke, they began repeatedly asking those around them if they had seen it, according to White House sources. “He sees that story as a smoking gun,” one senior official said, noting that Trump has voraciously consumed Fox News coverage of supposed scandal, and that it has helped fuel their recent anti-FBI animus and suspicions.
For its part, Fox has gleefully stoked that perception. When weekend anchor Jesse Watters interviewed White House counselor Kellyanne Conway on Saturday about the recently revealed text messages between those FBI officials, the chyron below Conway read, “A COUP IN AMERICA?”
Top congressional Democrats, including Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff (D-CA), believe that frustration may soon boil over in the form of a Mueller firing or an early end to congressional inquiries. A source with knowledge of the House Intelligence Committee investigation told The Daily Beast that—rather conspicuously—no interviews have been scheduled after this coming week and that no voluntary requests for new documents or interviews have been made in weeks, despite dozens of requests for additional witnesses and documents, some of which have lingered for weeks or months.
House Republicans have not entirely dismissed the idea of ending their chamber's probe at year's end. White House lawyers have more forcefully rejected theories about Mueller's impending demise.
“As the White House has consistently said for months, there is no consideration of firing the special counsel,” attorney Ty Cobb said on Saturday. Those around the president have consistently warned them against sacking Mueller, and Trump reiterated that they had no plans to do so in remarks to reporters on Sunday evening. Reached for comment on Sunday, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders declined to comment on Trump's views on Ross' reporting and the controversial texts from Mueller investigators, saying both have previously been addressed.
But Trump allies continue to beat that drum, even as they say Mueller probably isn't going anywhere. Asked whether they thought the president would fire the special counsel, Michael Caputo, a former senior Trump campaign aide, told The Daily Beast, “No, but Director Mueller better get their attack dogs under control.”
“They seem headed for the same arrogant overreach and persecution, this time politically motivated,” Caputo added.
If the president were to seek Mueller's ouster, they would need to enlist Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to do so. Though technically a subordinate of the president, Rosenstein told the House Judiciary Committee last week that they would not fire the special counsel absent cause, and that they had not seen cause to do so thus far.
That hasn't allayed the fears of Democrats both on the Hill and off of it. Liberal activist group MoveOn.org is already planning for snap rallies in the event that the special counsel is sacked.
Even more sober voices appear to be caught up in the potential fallout. “This weekend I'm stocking up on portable phone chargers, warm clothes, & gear needed for when we take the streets,” wrote Walter Shaub, the former director of the Office of Government Ethics, announcing their participation in MoveOn.org's rallies.
“I'm concerned the assault on the rule of law is coming over the holidays when we're distracted,” Shaub wrote on Twitter. “It'll be a defining moment for the Republic.”
—with additional reporting by Sam Stein
Multiculturalism: shaping the debate 10/01/2015
Follow @eureferendum
No one with any just claim to understanding the events of the last few days can be unaware of the uneasy relationship between French society and the estimated four million people of Algerian descent in the country. They are, in the words of
Only a few years later, that is as true now as it was then but,
A year later, we see written Les cites, and we are told: The[se] "ghettos" are specially built for excluded and disfranchised migrants from France's former North African colonies - mostly Arabs and Muslims - and other parts of the world. Clustered on the peripheries of France's big cities, Les cités proved to be laboratories for dissent and resistance against oppression. The children of the immigrants who built France after World War II are being pushed further outside the French society.
It is important to emphasise that the French youth who are protesting against police violence and the policy of the French political establishment, are French citizens. They were born into first and second generation immigrants communities from France's former colonies. They are not motivated by religion, and the protest has nothing to do with Islam and Western cliché of "Islamic fundamentalism". It is a protest against oppression and racism. This is the only way the youth can express their anger and frustration at French political establishment which deny immigrants to be integrated in their diversity. Successive French governments failed to come up with a fair and successful integration policy.
The "second class citizens" have been pushed further out of the centres into France's larger suburbs of Paris, Nice, and Lyon Toulouse, Marseille, Strasbourg and other big cities where their parents once provided cheap labour for France's factories. The youth are excluded from the French society, and subjected to brutal and Nazi-like police harassments, encouraged by racist policies. In its annual report in April 2005, Amnesty International have criticised the "impunity" provided to police and police violent treatments of youth from North African origins during the provocative identity checks. In fact, an Arab or an African man has no right to look a police officer in the face during this deliberate and daily racism faced by young people of colour. Interestingly, the Amnesty International report
Some demonstrators had been arrested and taken to police headquarters near Notre Dame, where they had been confined in a courtyard and battered to death. Police handing out the beatings first removed the identification numbers from their uniforms. Senior officers watched the brutality, ignoring pleas by shocked officers to halt the killing.
On this, the freedom-loving French press were completely silent, paving the way for an official cover-up, whence in 1968 De Gaulle dismissed the killings as "a matter of secondary importance" and issued an amnesty to all police personnel for crimes committed during the war with Algeria. In 2011, the Mail wrote: Some believe that the massacre was the result of confused government policies towards North Africans in French society, which simultaneously tried to promote integration by offering them special assistance in health, education and jobs — while actively stoking up resentment against them.
The result of these mixed messages was an eruption of killing and a rift between the communities that has not healed to this day. Racism is rife in France and attacks on North Africans remain sickeningly commonplace. They tend to live on blighted housing estates, the successors of the earlier shanty towns. Even today, these estates are regularly subjected to curfews, and paramilitary forces move in to deal with any disturbances.
French Algerians report they are made to feel unwelcome in the city centre and Paris's tourist spots. Also covering the same events was the
Four years later, the same author The three French-Algerian men believed responsible for the 12 deaths in Paris on Wednesday would have been steeped in a recent history of this conflict which, in the 1960s, was exported from the battlefields of Algeria to Paris itself. During one notorious atrocity in 1961, up to 200 Algerians were slaughtered around national monuments, including the Eiffel Tower and Notre Dame cathedral. Many were tossed into the Seine from some of the most beautiful bridges in the world and left to drown.
Half a century on, the violence has subsided but there is still a strong sense of resentment among alienated communities living in housing estates on the outskirts of the capital. Many are Muslims of north African origin who complain that discrimination against them extends to every field of life, from housing and employment to the right to religious expression. This is particularly so as politicians of the left and right regularly blame Islam for these social problems, which in fact have nothing to do with spiritual faith. To add to this narrative we even get
That much and much more are indeed arguable, and plausibly so, but not according to the self-appointed "experts" on the comment thread of my
This is alongside those who rashly and irrationally
Underpinning multiculturalism, of course, is tolerance of other cultures, and there is nothing whatsoever in the French treatment of the Algerians that can be called tolerant, or in any respect be identified with multiculturalism. Those that argue otherwise are demonstrably wrong, and by reference to easily verifiable facts.
Furthermore, all this is very far from academic, and comprehension is not assisted by
Not least, as I have
Whatever the actual causal factors, they are bound to be many, with complex interactions. Thus, those with the ability to influence the debate should keep their minds open to a range of possibilities. The issues we are dealing with are too important for polemics, political posturing and the blind certainties that we have seen over the past few days.
By that measure, then, I stand by my view that Farage – and those who support them – are both wrong and dangerous in promoting their superficial mantras. We need better than this, and if people such as Farage can't shape the debate responsibly and with more understanding than they have shown, they are best keeping quiet. No one with any just claim to understanding the events of the last few days can be unaware of the uneasy relationship between French society and the estimated four million people of Algerian descent in the country. They are, in the words of Dr Martin Evans , writing in 2011, disproportionately poor and discriminated against; at times their young, caught between two different cultures.Only a few years later, that is as true now as it was then but, in 2004 , we saw written that the Algerian immigrants in France were "poor and ghettoised - and are a standing challenge to France's traditional image of itself and its cultural identity".A year later, we see written this , a narrative about the fate of the descendants of the north Africans who had been drafted in to help with the reconstruction of France after the Second World War. They were housed in what the French call, and we are told:Interestingly, the Amnesty International report for 2013 shows how little things have changed. Two years before that report, though, an unlikely source, the Daily Mail published an article describing how in 1961, during the war with Algeria, French police had slaughtered upwards of 200 protesting Algerians – some thrown into the Seine to drown.Some demonstrators had been arrested and taken to police headquarters near Notre Dame, where they had been confined in a courtyard and battered to death. Police handing out the beatings first removed the identification numbers from their uniforms. Senior officers watched the brutality, ignoring pleas by shocked officers to halt the killing.On this, the freedom-loving French press were completely silent, paving the way for an official cover-up, whence in 1968 De Gaulle dismissed the killings as "a matter of secondary importance" and issued an amnesty to all police personnel for crimes committed during the war with Algeria. In 2011, thewrote:Also covering the same events was the Observer , which concluded that few would argue that the tribal murders committed by Paris police half a century ago are likely to be repeated today. However, it added, "nor would anyone pretend that the discriminatory policies which gave rise to such horrors have disappeared from modern France".Four years later, the same author makes a plea for people not to blame the current bloodshed on France's Moslems. Writer Nabila Ramdani argues:To add to this narrative we even get Robert Fisk , with plausible arguments which say that "Paris attack brothers' campaign of terror can be traced back to Algeria in 1954".That much and much more are indeed arguable, and plausibly so, but not according to the self-appointed "experts" on the comment thread of my previous post . A significant number will have it that Islam is the primary or even sole motivator for the killing, insisting that alternatives are "not up for debate".This is alongside those who rashly and irrationally argue in support of Farage that the killings are a consequence of multiculturalism. Yet, by even the most basic of definitions , multiculturalism is a celebration of diversity, manifest in an official policy where cultures other than the host culture are maintained and supported Underpinning multiculturalism, of course, is tolerance of other cultures, and there is nothing whatsoever in the French treatment of the Algerians that can be called tolerant, or in any respect be identified with multiculturalism. Those that argue otherwise are demonstrably wrong, and by reference to easily verifiable facts.Furthermore, all this is very far from academic, and comprehension is not assisted by ill-informed prattle . As I have argued many times, the greater part of any solution to an ill is correctly to identify the problems. The often bigoted and always blinkered insistence of some on reducing complex problems to a series of formulaic mantras is misguided and damaging.Not least, as I have argued elsewhere , we are dealing with the effects of tribalism – and the breakdown of tribal disciplines – and the relationship with Islam, which is probably a powerful, if scarcely recognised phenomenon.Whatever the actual causal factors, they are bound to be many, with complex interactions. Thus, those with the ability to influence the debate should keep their minds open to a range of possibilities. The issues we are dealing with are too important for polemics, political posturing and the blind certainties that we have seen over the past few days.By that measure, then, I stand by my view that Farage – and those who support them – are both wrong and dangerous in promoting their superficial mantras. We need better than this, and if people such as Farage can't shape the debate responsibly and with more understanding than they have shown, they are best keeping quiet.
Cutting Through Black Communities With Busy Roads and Highways
Too often, major transportation projects are designed to rip through low-income Black communities, causing drastic declines in local business, segregating neighborhoods and generally decreasing the quality of life in that particular community. One example of this took place in 1993, according to a report published by WNYC. It was then that retired attorney Marvin Anderson “unearthed a letter to the editor of the St. Paul Pioneer Press. The writer, a city engineer, Claude Thompson, admitted the government chose the route for I-94 because it was in the city's low-income black neighborhood.”
Polluting Low-Income Communities With Traffic-Heavy Infrastructure
Transportation projects that bring heavy traffic back and forth through low-income communities are causing serious health problems for the residents who live there. One small Buffalo, New York, neighborhood called West Side lies in the shadow of the Peace Bridge, a project that brings more than 15,000 vehicles through the community every day. Researchers who were investigating the impacts the bridge had on the community soon found that since the bridge's construction, asthma rates in the community sky rocketed. “The pollutants hover in the air, are absorbed into buildings and houses, and find their way into the lungs of neighborhood residents, who are primarily people of color,” a report by Slate revealed. When one of the residents wore an air monitor for a few hours, the device collected more than 1.8 times the EPA recommended limit of particle pollutants.
Alesi, who became a race winner in the most recent GP3 race at Silverstone, is in their second year in the series.
The championship's current GP3/16 machinery is also being used for the second season in 2017 - and, since the introduction of the new car, the series has been dominated by ART.
The French team won nine of the 12 feature races since the beginning of the 2016 season, and helped Charles Leclerc and Alex Albon to finish first and second last year.
After three rounds in 2017, ART's current quartet of drivers - George Russell, Anthoine Hubert, Nirei Fukuzumi and Jack Aitken - are locking down the top four places in the championship.
However, Alesi, son of former F1 driver Jean, reckons it is not the team but the line-up of drivers that makes the difference for ART, and believes their Trident car was better at Silverstone.
"Everyone overestimates ART, but I don't really think it is a good thing to do because we also have to look at the drivers," Alesi told Motorsport.com.
"They have four very competitive drivers and that makes basically 70 percent of what it [the team] does.
"I am pretty sure if we had these four drivers, including me, in the Trident, I'm pretty sure it would be a whole lot different, the image of Trident.
"I really believe in Trident with all my heart, they helped me get this far and the car felt unbelievable [in the Silverstone sprint race] and I think it was even better than the ARTs."
Alesi is currently the second-best non-ART driver in the standings, having finished first and second in the Silverstone and Red Bull Ring sprint races respectively.
"For the rest of the year, I'd say [the goal is] to continue doing maybe podiums in second races [of the weekend], maybe first races too, that would be really good for me," they said.
"It is really to keep taking points every race, to try to not make a weekend like I did in Barcelona - messing up the first race, making big errors and not being able to start good in the second race.
"So it is really to try to stay in front in the top 10 and keep points every race."
Oscar Munoz, chief executive of United Airlines, attends a meeting of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) in Cancun, Mexico June 5, 2017. REUTERS/Victor Ruiz Garcia
CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - U.S. officials are concerned that explosives disguised as laptops could be directly detonated onboard an aircraft, the chief executive of United Airlines UAL.N said at an aviation industry event on Monday.
Because there is little perceived risk of remotely detonating such a device, Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz said authorities believe there is less chance of them exploding in the hold of aircraft.
Senior executives at the International Air Travel Association's annual meeting said the risk of lithium batteries overheating on stowed laptops also presents a risk.
“I think the greater risk is 40 or 50 laptops in the hold,” said Malaysia Airlines CEO Peter Bellew.
In March, the U.S. government imposed restrictions on large electronic devices in aircraft cabins on flights from 10 airports, including the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Turkey.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is considering an expansion of a ban on laptops and other large electronics in cabins but a decision appeared to be deferred after Homeland Secretary John Kelly spoke to European officials last week.
NEW DELHI: How are members of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes faring in the government hierarchy? At the very top level of the government bureaucracy , out of a total of 149 secretary-level officers, there were no SC officers while there were only 4 ST officers, as of March 2011, according to a reply given by the MoS in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy.At the next rung of additional secretary, out of 108 officers , there are just two each from SC and ST. Further down, out of 477 joint secretaries , 31 belong to SC, that is, 6.5% and 15 belong to ST that is 3.1%. And out of 590 directors, 17 belong to SC (2.9%) while seven belong to ST (1.2%). There is no reservation for these posts but one would expect that out of the pool of officers from SC and ST entering the civil services through quota — 15% for SC, 7.5% for ST and 27% for OBC — a better proportion would have made it to these top rungs by now.Actually, even in the most sought after civil services, IAS, IPS and IFS , the proportion of SC, ST and OBC officers was below the mandated quotas. Out of 3,251 directly recruited IAS officers, SC officers made up 13.9%, ST officers 7.3% and OBCs just 12.9%. This information , too, was stated in the Lok Sabha by Narayanasamy in 2011. Clearly, the underprivileged sections are not yet getting the full advantage of affirmative action envisaged by the Constitution makers. This is further confirmed by the huge number of vacancies in government positions reserved for SCs and STs.According to a statement given in the LS in November last year by Narayanasamy, there were 25,037 ‘backlog' posts for SC lying vacant in 73 government departments and bodies. These are positions reserved for SC members that have not been filled over the years and thus have accumulated. They include both direct recruitment and promotion-based positions. Out of these, 4,518 positions were vacant because no candidate was available for promotion. Similarly for ST, 28,173 ‘backlog' posts were vacant, of which 7,416 were meant for filling up by promotion.If you look at all central government employees, 17% of them were SC while 7.4% were ST. This appears to be fulfilling the mandated norms of 15% SC and 7.5% ST. But there is a catch. There is a deep skew of SC/ST members in the hierarchy of central government jobs — as you move up the ladder, there are less and fewer employees /officers from SC/ST. Among Group A officers, only 11.1% were SC and 4.6% ST. In Group B, the shares were 14.3% and 5.5%, respectively. In group C, there were 16% SC and 7.8% ST, slightly more than the quota . And in Group D, there were 19.3% SC and 7% ST.This high proportion of SC in Group D is because nearly 40% of “safai karamcharies” are SC. This pushes up the proportions all round. Actually it only denotes the harsh reality that despite all the talk of ending discrimination and socio-economic upliftment, dalits are still forced to do most menial jobs.
Ten simple points to follow to get good answers on IRC, mailing lists, and other places
My GitHub page, containing various open-source libraries for Mac and iOS development, and some miscellaneous projects
Friday Q&A 2015-09-04: Let's Build dispatch_queue
Grand Central Dispatch is one of the truly great APIs to come out of Apple in the past few years. In the latest installment of the Let's Build series, I'm going to explore a reimplementation of the most basic features of dispatch_queue , a topic suggested by Rob Rix.
Overview
A dispatch queue is a queue of jobs backed by a global thread pool. Typically, jobs submitted to a queue are executed asynchronously on a background thread. All threads share a single pool of background threads, which makes the system more efficient.
That is the essence of the API which I'll replicate. There are a number of fancy features provided by GCD which I'll ignore for the sake of simplicity. For example, the number of threads in the global pool scales up and down with the amount of work to be done and the CPU utilization of the system. If you have a bunch of jobs hitting the CPU hard and you submit another job, GCD will avoid creating another worker thread for it, because it's already running at 100% and another thread will just make things less efficient. I'll skip over this and just use a hardcoded limit on the number of threads. I'll skip other fancy features like target queues and barriers on concurrent queues as well.
The goal is to concentrate on the essence of dispatch queues: they can be serial or concurrent, they can dispatch jobs synchronously or asynchronously, and they're backed by a shared global thread pool.
Code
As usual, the code for today's article is available on GitHub here:
https://github.com/mikeash/MADispatchQueue
If you'd like to follow along as you read, or just want to explore on your own, you can find it all there.
Interface
GCD is a C API. Although GCD objects have turned into Objective-C objects on more recent OS releases, the API remains pure C (plus Apple's blocks extension). This is great for a low-level API, and GCD presents a remarkably clean interface, but for my own purposes I prefer to write my reimplementation in Objective-C.
The Objective-C class is called MADispatchQueue and it only has four calls:
A method for getting a shared global queue. GCD has multiple global queues with different priorities, but we'll just have one for simplicity. An initializer which can create the queue as either concurrent or serial. An async dispatch call. A sync dispatch call.
Here's the interface declaration:
@interface MADispatchQueue : NSObject + ( MADispatchQueue * ) globalQueue ; - ( id ) initSerial : ( BOOL ) serial ; - ( void ) dispatchAsync : ( dispatch_block_t ) block ; - ( void ) dispatchSync : ( dispatch_block_t ) block ; @end
The goal, then, is to implement these methods to actually do what they say they do.
Thread Pool Interface
The thread pool that backs the queues has a simpler interface. It will do the grunt work of actually running the submitted jobs. The queues will then be responsible for submitting their enqueued jobs at the right time to maintain the queue's guarantees.
The thread pool has a single job: submit some work to be run. Accordingly, its interface has just a single method:
@interface MAThreadPool : NSObject - ( void ) addBlock : ( dispatch_block_t ) block ; @end
Since this is the core, let's implement it first.
Thread Pool Implementation
Let's look at instance variables first. The thread pool is going to be accessed from multiple threads, both internally and externally, and so needs to be thread safe. While GCD goes out of its way to use fast atomic operations whenever possible, for my conceptual rebuilding I'm going to stick with good old-fashioned locks. I need the ability to wait and signal on this lock, not just enforce mutual exclusion, so I'm using an NSCondition rather than a plain NSLock . If you're not familiar with it, NSCondition is basically a lock and a single condition variable wrapped into one:
NSCondition * _lock ;
In order to know when to spin up new worker threads, I need to know how many threads are in the pool, how many are actually busy doing work, and the maximum number of threads I can have:
NSUInteger _threadCount ; NSUInteger _activeThreadCount ; NSUInteger _threadCountLimit ;
Finally, there's a list of blocks to execute. This is an NSMutableArray , treated as a queue by appending new blocks to the end and removing whem from the front:
NSMutableArray * _blocks ;
Initialization is simple. Initialize the lock, initialize the blocks array, and set the thread count limit to an arbitrarily-chosen 128:
- ( id ) init { if (( self = [ super init ])) { _lock = [[ NSCondition alloc ] init ]; _blocks = [[ NSMutableArray alloc ] init ]; _threadCountLimit = 128 ; } return self ; }
The worker threads run a simple infinite loop. As long as the blocks array is empty, it will wait. Once a block is available, it will dequeue it from the array and execute it. When doing so, it will increment the active thread count, then decrement it again when done. Let's get started:
- ( void ) workerThreadLoop : ( id ) ignore {
The first thing it does is acquire the lock. Note that it does this before the loop begins. The reason will become clear at the end of the loop:
[ _lock lock ];
Now loop forever:
while ( 1 ) {
If the queue is empty, wait on the lock:
while ([ _blocks count ] == 0 ) { [ _lock wait ]; }
Note that this is done with a loop, not just an if statement. The reason for this is spurious wakeup. In short, wait can potentially return even though nothing signaled, so for correct behavior the condition being checked needs to be reevaluated when wait returns.
Once a block is available, dequeue it:
dispatch_block_t block = [ _blocks firstObject ]; [ _blocks removeObjectAtIndex : 0 ];
Indicate that this thread is now doing something by incrementing the active thread count:
_activeThreadCount ++ ;
Now it's time to execute the block, but we have to release the lock first, otherwise we won't get any concurrency and we'll have all sorts of entertaining deadlocks:
[ _lock unlock ];
With the lock safely relinquished, execute the block:
block ();
With the block done, it's time to decrement the active thread count. This must be done with the lock held to avoid race conditions, and that's the end of the loop:
[ _lock lock ]; _activeThreadCount -- ; } }
Now you can see why the lock had to be acquired before entering the loop above. The last act in the loop is to decrement the active thread count, which requires the lock to be held. The first thing at the top of the loop is to check the blocks queue. By performing the first lock outside of the loop, subsequent iterations can use a single lock operation for both operations, rather than locking, unlocking, and immediately locking again.
Now for addBlock:
- ( void ) addBlock : ( dispatch_block_t ) block {
Everything here needs to be done with the lock acquired:
[ _lock lock ];
The first task is to add the new block to the blocks queue:
[ _blocks addObject : block ];
If there's an idle worker thread ready to take this block, then there isn't much to do. If there aren't enough idle worker threads to handle all the outstanding blocks, and the number of worker threads isn't yet at the limit, then it's time to create a new one:
NSUInteger idleThreads = _threadCount - _activeThreadCount ; if ([ _blocks count ] > idleThreads && _threadCount < _threadCountLimit ) { [ NSThread detachNewThreadSelector : @selector ( workerThreadLoop :) toTarget : self withObject : nil ]; _threadCount ++ ; }
Now everything is ready for a worker thread to get started on the block. In case they're all sleeping, wake one up:
[ _lock signal ];
Then relinquish the lock and we're done:
[ _lock unlock ]; }
That gives us a thread pool that can spawn worker threads up to a pre-set limit to service blocks as they come in. Now to implement queues with this as the foundation.
Queue Implementation
Like the thread pool, the queue will use a lock to protect its contents. Unlike the thread pool, it doesn't need to do any waiting or signaling, just basic mutual exclusion, so it uses a plain NSLock :
NSLock * _lock ;
Like the thread pool, it maintains a queue of pending blocks in an NSMutableArray :
NSMutableArray * _pendingBlocks ;
The queue knows whether it's serial or concurrent:
BOOL _serial ;
When serial, it also tracks whether it currently has a block running in the thread pool:
BOOL _serialRunning ;
Concurrent queues behave the same whether anything is running or not, so they don't track this.
The global queue is stored in a global variable, as is the underlying shared thread pool. They're both created in +initialize :
static MADispatchQueue * gGlobalQueue ; static MAThreadPool * gThreadPool ; + ( void ) initialize { if ( self == [ MADispatchQueue class ]) { gGlobalQueue = [[ MADispatchQueue alloc ] initSerial : NO ]; gThreadPool = [[ MAThreadPool alloc ] init ]; } }
The +globalQueue method can then just return the variable, since +initialize is guaranteed to have created it:
+ ( MADispatchQueue * ) globalQueue { return gGlobalQueue ; }
This is just the sort of thing that calls for dispatch_once , but it felt like cheating to use a GCD API when I'm reimplementing a GCD API, even if it's not the same one.
Initializing a queue consists of allocating the lock and the pending blocks queue, and setting the _serial variable:
- ( id ) initSerial : ( BOOL ) serial { if (( self = [ super init ])) { _lock = [[ NSLock alloc ] init ]; _pendingBlocks = [[ NSMutableArray alloc ] init ]; _serial = serial ; } return self ; }
Before we get to the remaining public API, there's an underlying method to build which will dispatch a single block on the thread pool, and then potentially call itself to run another block:
- ( void ) dispatchOneBlock {
Its entire purpose in life is to run stuff on the thread pool, so it dispatches there:
[ gThreadPool addBlock : ^ {
Then it grabs the first block in the queue. Naturally, this must be done with the lock held to avoid catastrophic explosions:
[ _lock lock ]; dispatch_block_t block = [ _pendingBlocks firstObject ]; [ _pendingBlocks removeObjectAtIndex : 0 ]; [ _lock unlock ];
With the block in hand and the lock relinquished, the block can safely be executed on the background thread:
block ();
If the queue is concurrent, then that's all it needs to do. If it's serial, there's more:
if ( _serial ) {
On a serial queue, additional blocks will build up, but can't be invoked until preceding blocks complete. When a block completes here, dispatchOneBlock will see if any other blocks are pending on the queue. If there are, it calls itself to dispatch the next block. If not, it sets the queue's running state back to NO :
[ _lock lock ]; if ([ _pendingBlocks count ] > 0 ) { [ self dispatchOneBlock ]; } else { _serialRunning = NO ; } [ _lock unlock ]; } }]; }
With this method, implementing dispatchAsync: is relatively easy. Add the block to the queue of pending blocks, then set state and invoke dispatchOneBlock as appropriate:
- ( void ) dispatchAsync : ( dispatch_block_t ) block { [ _lock lock ]; [ _pendingBlocks addObject : block ];
If a serial queue is idle then set its state to running and call dispatchOneBlock to get things moving:
if ( _serial && ! _serialRunning ) { _serialRunning = YES ; [ self dispatchOneBlock ];
If the queue is concurrent, then call dispatchOneBlock unconditionally. This makes sure the new block is executed as soon as possible even if another block is already running, since multiple blocks are allowed to run concurrently:
} else if ( ! _serial ) { [ self dispatchOneBlock ]; }
If a serial queue is already running then nothing more needs to be done. The existing run of dispatchOneBlock will eventually get to the block that was just added to the queue. Now release the lock:
[ _lock unlock ]; }
On to dispatchSync: . GCD is smart about this and runs the block directly on the calling thread, while stopping other blocks from running on the queue (if it's serial). We won't try to be so smart. Instead, we'll just use dispatchAsync: , and wrap it to wait for execution to complete.
It does this using a local NSCondition , plus a done variable to indicate when the block has completed:
- ( void ) dispatchSync : ( dispatch_block_t ) block { NSCondition * condition = [[ NSCondition alloc ] init ]; __block BOOL done = NO ;
Then it dispatches a block asynchronously. This block calls the passed-in one, then sets done and signals the condition :
[ self dispatchAsync : ^ { block (); [ condition lock ]; done = YES ; [ condition signal ]; [ condition unlock ]; }];
Out in the original calling thread, it waits on the condition for done to be set, then returns.
[ condition lock ]; while ( ! done ) { [ condition wait ]; } [ condition unlock ]; }
At this point, the block's execution has completed. Success! That's the last bit of API needed for MADispatchQueue .
Conclusion
A global thread pool can be implemented with a queue of worker blocks and a bit of intelligent spawning of threads. Using a shared global thread pool, a basic dispatch queue API can be built that offers basic serial/concurrent and synchronous/asynchronous dispatch. This rebuild lacks many of the nice features of GCD and is certainly much less efficient, but even so it gives a nice glimpse into what the inner workings of such a thing might be like, and shows that it's not really magic after all. (Except for dispatch_once . That's all magic.)
That's it for today. Come back next time for more fun, games, and fun. Friday Q&A is driven by reader ideas so if you have something you'd like to see discussed here next time or in the future, please let me know!
Did you enjoy this article? I'm selling whole books full of them! Volumes II and III are now out! They're available as ePub, PDF, print, and on iBooks and Kindle. Click here for more information
Comments:
Add your thoughts, post a comment:
Spam and off-topic posts will be deleted without notice. Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion.
JavaScript is required to submit comments due to anti-spam measures. Please enable JavaScript and reload the page.
Image copyright Eric Tourneret Image caption A hollow log honeybee hive from the Cévennes in France
Humans have been exploiting honeybees for almost 9,000 years, according to archaeological evidence.
Traces of beeswax found on ancient pottery from Europe, the Near East and North Africa suggest the first farmers kept bees.
The research, published in Nature, shows our links with the honeybee date back to the dawn of agriculture.
Prehistoric people may have domesticated wild bees or gathered honey and wax for medicines and food.
Prof Richard Evershed of Bristol University, one of the lead scientists on the study, said: "We've got the earliest evidence for man's association with the honeybee.
"Man is collecting the beeswax and the honey and perhaps even domesticating them."
Cave paintings
The honeybee has been part of human culture for centuries, appearing in cave paintings depicting honeycombs, swarms of bees and honey collecting.
However, there has been little direct evidence of when and where ancient people began harvesting honey and wax from the insects.
In the past sweet foods were very hard to find and it is clear from our study that the earliest farmers in Europe had a keen interest in exploiting the valuable products of the honeybee Prof Alan Outram, University of Exeter
International scientists examined over 6,000 pottery vessels to piece together a map of the honeybee at a time when the world had just emerged from the last Ice Age about 10,000 years ago.
Lifestyles were shifting from hunter-gathering towards growing the first crops and keeping animals for meat, milk and skin.
The oldest evidence for human links with the honeybee, dating back almost 9,000 years, was found in what is now Turkey.
By a few thousand years later, beeswax was detected across the Balkan peninsula, including Greece, Romania, Serbia, and then at sites occupied by early farmers in Central Europe.
The first evidence for the use of bees in North Africa was also found around the same time.
Image copyright Maj Rundlöf Image caption The honeybee has lived alongside humans since prehistoric times
In the British Isles, the chemical fingerprint of bee products was found on broken pottery at Neolithic sites in southern England.
The northerly limit appears to be Denmark, above which conditions may have been too harsh for bees to thrive.
Ireland and Scotland also appeared to be off-limits to honeybees at the time.
Prof Alan Outram of the University of Exeter, another lead researcher on the study, said until now there had been a poor understanding of the distribution of the species due to a patchy fossil record.
They added: "Our study of the use of honey and beeswax seems to show there was a northern limit to where they were living during the Neolithic, with no evidence being found in thousands of pottery shards found in Ireland, Scotland, Norway or Sweden."
Sweet tooth
The beeswax may have been used by prehistoric people to glue together stone arrows and spears or to make pots waterproof.
Honey may have provided a rare source of sweetness in their diet.
Prof Outram explained:"The plentiful supply of sugary foods is a very recent phenomenon, but in the past sweet foods were very hard to find and it is clear from our study that the earliest farmers in Europe had a keen interest in exploiting the valuable products of the honeybee."
Recent DNA studies suggest that the honeybee originated in Asia around 300,000 years ago and rapidly spread across Europe and Africa.
The bee's range contracted in Europe during the last Ice Age, but expanded in Africa.
Modern bees face multiple threats from climate change, pesticides and diseases.
Follow Helen on Twitter.
A couple stands at the embankment of the Volga River in Samara, about 1000 km (620 miles) southeast of Moscow May 18, 2007. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
CANBERRA (Reuters) - A plea for lovelorn female “ugly ducklings” to move to a remote Australian mining town to reverse a shortage of eligible women has landed the local mayor in hot water.
Mt Isa Mayor John Molony was refusing to apologize on Monday for angering local women with a suggestion that “with five blokes to every girl, may I suggest that beauty-disadvantaged women should proceed to Mount Isa,” in north-west Queensland state.
“Quite often you will see walking down the street a lass who is not so attractive with a wide smile on their face. Whether it is recollection of something previous or anticipation for the next evening, there is a degree of happiness,” Molony told the Townsville Bulletin newspaper last week.
“Some, in other places in Australia, need to proceed to Mount Isa where happiness awaits. Really, beauty is only skin deep. Isn't there a fairy tale about an ugly duckling that evolves into a beautiful swan,” Molony said.
The mayor said they were “telling it like it is” in a testosterone-laden town more famous for cowboys and mining lead, silver, copper and zinc than for match-making, sitting atop one of the world's biggest underground mines.
“I'm a bloke who respects women. I believe we should look after women. I'm told men outnumber women here by five to one. If that's the case, then perhaps it's an opportunity for some lonely women,” Molony said.
Fellow council members and the local chamber of commerce said they had been swamped with phone calls from both women and men complaining about the mayor's remarks.
“It paints the women here as second rate and suggests the men will settle for anything. I think it's quite disgusting,” Mt Isa domestic violence worker Shirley Slann told the Courier Mail newspaper on Monday.
ARBIL Iraq (Reuters) - The president of Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region asked its parliament on Thursday to plan a referendum on Kurdish independence, signalling their impatience with Baghdad, which is fighting to repel Sunni insurgents and struggling to form a new government.
The move came despite U.S. pressure for Kurds to stand with Baghdad as Iraq faces an onslaught by Sunni Muslim militants, led by an al Qaeda offshoot, which has seized large parts of the north and west and is threatening to march on the capital.
Iraq's 5 million Kurds, who have governed themselves in relative peace since the 1990s, have expanded their territory by as much as 40 percent in recent weeks as the sectarian insurgency has threatened to split the country.
Kurdish President Massoud Barzani asked lawmakers to form a committee to organise a referendum on independence and pick a date for the vote.
“The time has come for us to determine our own fate and we must not wait for others to determine it for us,” Barzani said in a closed session of the Kurdish parliament that was later broadcast on television.
“For that reason, I consider it necessary ... to create an independent electoral commission as a first step and, second, to make preparations for a referendum.”
Barzani's call came days after Kurds and Sunnis walked out of the newly elected Iraqi parliament's first session in Baghdad, complaining that the majority Shi'ites had failed to nominate a prime minister.
Many Kurds have long wanted to declare independence and now sense a golden opportunity, with Baghdad weak and Sunni armed groups in control of northern cities such as Mosul and Tikrit.
Top U.S. defence officials, who have deployed advisers to the region to assess the state of the Iraqi military, said the security forces were able to defend Baghdad but would have difficulty going on the offensive to recapture lost territory, mainly because of logistical weaknesses.
“If you're asking me will the Iraqis at some point be able to go back on the offensive to recapture the part of Iraq that they've lost, I think that's a really broad campaign quality question,” General Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters at the Pentagon. “Probably not by themselves.”
Dempsey said “the future is pretty bleak” for Iraqis unless they can bridge the sectarian differences within their government. The absence of an inclusive government, they said, was a factor in the security forces' failure to stand up to ISIL.
“They didn't collapse in the face of a fight. They collapsed in the face of a future that didn't hold out any hope for them,” Dempsey said.
Unless the Iraqi government bridges internal sectarian differences and “gets the message out that it really does intend to allow participation by all groups, everything we're talking about (doing to help) make no difference,” they said.
Many see the Shi'ite prime minister, Nuri al-Maliki, as the main obstacle to resolving the crisis and hope they will step aside.
“POLITICAL STABILITY NEEDED”
Maliki themselves said a political solution went hand-in-hand with the campaign to recapture areas held by insurgents.
“There is no security without complete political stability,” they said in a televised address on Wednesday. “We will proceed with our political projects but we will be on high alert and ready for the momentum of the battle.”
Security forces are battling fighters led by the Islamic State, which shortened its name from the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant this week and named its leader “caliph,” the historical title of successors of the Prophet Mohammad who ruled the Muslim world.
Rising concern and pressure from the United States, Iran, the United Nations and Iraq's own Shi'ite clerics has done little to end the paralysing divisions between Iraq's main ethnic and sectarian blocs.
Mithal al-Alusi, a prominent Sunni politician, said they did not think Maliki was prepared to step aside. “Mr. Maliki wants to continue and they believe ... that without them nothing can be done in Iraq,” they said.
Shi'ite volunteers patrol the area as they secure it against the predominantly Sunni militants from the Islamic State, previously called the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), in the desert region between Kerbala and Najaf, south of Baghdad, July 3, 2014. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani
In the system put in place after the United States toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003, the premiership is traditionally given to a Shi'ite, while the speaker of the house has been a Sunni and the president, a largely ceremonial role, has been a Kurd.
In their weekly televised address, Maliki said they hoped parliament could get past its “state of weakness” and reach consensus in its next session, planned for Tuesday. But it is far from clear when leaders in Baghdad might do so.
All the main blocs are beset by internal divisions, and none has yet decided who to put forward for its designated position.
Dia al-Asadi, secretary general of the Al-Ahrar bloc, a Shi'ite faction loyal to powerful cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and opposed to Maliki, told Reuters that only Maliki's own State of Law coalition would support their staying on as prime minister.
“There is objection by almost all of the other groups - the Kurds, the Sunnis, and the other Shi'ites,” they said.
Each of the blocs has said it wants to know who the others will choose for their posts before naming its own - meaning the nominations will have to be done as a package.
FIGHTING IN DIYALA
Maliki's government, bolstered by civilian volunteers and Shi'ite militias, has managed to stop the militant advance short of the capital, but has been unable to take back the cities that government forces abandoned.
The army failed last week to take back Tikrit, 160 km (100 miles) north of Baghdad, and remained on the outskirts of the city on Thursday, according to the prime minister's military spokesperson Lieutenant General Qassim Atta.
In the northeasterly province of Diyala, 14 militants were killed in fighting with security forces, local police said.
The head of the region's police, Jamil Al-Shimmeri, said security forces had taken back control of the village of Showhani near the town of Muqdadiya, 80 km northeast of Baghdad.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Insurgents have been present in Diyala for the past several weeks, following their rapid seizure of Mosul, one of Iraq's largest cities, to the north.
U.S. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel said the U.S. military had six assessment teams on the ground evaluating the state of Iraqi forces and had established Iraqi-U.S. joint operations centres in Baghdad and Arbil to coordinate activities. (Full Story)
Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television said Saudi Arabia had deployed 30,000 soldiers to its border with Iraq after Iraqi soldiers withdrew from the area, but Iraq denied the report.
Al-Arabiya broadcast footage of what it said were Iraqi soldiers in the desert area east of the city of Karbala after pulling back from the border. But the army spokesperson said the border was still under the full control of Iraqi forces.
While Samsung appears set to be the sole supplier of OLED displays for the iPhone 8, LG is reportedly hoping to get in on the action from next year …
NordVPN
Korea's ET News cites display industry sources in reporting that LG is making major investments in its production capacity, and is switching focus from TV to smartphone displays in the hope of securing orders from Apple.
LG Display is planning to invest about $3.56 billion (4 trillion KRW) into P10, which is its new factory in Paju, and construct production lines for 6th generation flexible OLEDs in 2018. Although it was planning to make investments mostly on large OLEDs for TVs initially, it is currently thinking about making investments on OLEDs for Smartphones first. It seems that LG Display is planning to secure its position as the second supplier for Apple iPhone by quickly increasing its production capability of OLED for Smartphone.
If that sounds like a big bet on business it may not win, it does have a Plan B. It believes that Chinese smartphone makers will also make the switch to OLED, boosting demand for small display panels.
It was reported back in April that Samsung will be the sole OLED supplier for the iPhone 8 due to having the “most advanced” technology in the field. Apple is said to have placed an initial order of 70M units, with Samsung gearing up for maximum capacity of 95M units by the end of the year.
Even before the company has made the switch from IPS LCD to OLED, Apple is already said to be looking at microLED as a new display technology likely to eventually supersede OLED.
Photo: TechRepublic
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news and reviews!
Republican Florida Governor Rick Scott speaks at a meeting of the Latin Builders Association in Miami, Florida January 27, 2012. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
MIAMI (Reuters) - Florida's Republican governor wants President Barack Obama to invoke federal law and order a cooling-off period if nearly 15,000 longshoremen walk off the job in a looming strike that would be a big blow to the state's economy, according to a letter they sent the president this week.
The International Longshoremen's Association union and the U.S. Maritime Alliance grouping of shippers and ports have been bargaining since March but reportedly remain far from a deal covering cargo handling at 15 ports on the U.S. Gulf and eastern coasts.
In October, when a previous contract expired, the sides agreed to a 90-day extension of terms that runs out on December 29.
Florida ports in Miami and Fort Lauderdale would be directly hit by a strike or lockout but a stoppage would also rattle overall transport and trade, which accounts for 550,000 jobs in the state and $66 billion in economic activity, Florida Governor Rick Scott said in a letter dated Thursday.
“The threat to national safety and security that would result from mass closure of ports cannot be overstated,” Scott told Obama.
Scott said Obama had the power under 1947's Taft-Hartley Act to prevent or interrupt a work stoppage at the ports. Presidents Richard Nixon and George W. Bush both used Taft-Hartley, which calls for 80-day cooling-off periods and mediation, Scott said.
“The Taft-Hartley Act provides your administration with tools that can help avoid this threat,” Scott said. “On behalf of the State of Florida, I respectfully request that you invoke the act when the contract ... expires at the end of the month.”
Throughout California, local governments have been implementing municipal minimum wage ordinances that raise the pay of hundreds of thousands of low-wage workers — but these laws are already running up against jurisdictional limits, leaving thousands of workers behind. For example, the City of Berkeley's decision to increase its minimum wage to $10 an hour this year and to $12.53 an hour by 2016 is being ignored by the city's largest employer: the University of California.
On October 1, Berkeley's minimum wage rose from the state-mandated level of $9 per hour to $10 per hour under the new city law. But UC Berkeley is paying several hundred student employees between $9 and $9.50 per hour, or about 5 to 10 percent below the city's required minimum wage. These students are employed through the campus' work-study program and work for UC Berkeley. All of the jobs appear to be for campus security monitors and academic center assistants. Security monitors work between the hours of 6 p.m. and 2 a.m., keeping the campus safe for the 8,000 Berkeley undergraduate students who reside in dorms. Academic center assistants help run the campuses study halls. A UC Berkeley website advertising these low-paying jobs recently showed that there were 93 positions currently open.
I dropped by several campus work sites last week to talk with student employees. Two undergraduates working behind a desk in a dorm told me they earn $9 an hour. Neither was aware of the City of Berkeley's $10 minimum wage, but both said they could use the extra money due to the high cost of living in Berkeley and of attending UC.
Ellen Topp, UC Berkeley's director of communications for student affairs, stated in an email that the university is knowingly flouting the city's minimum wage, because they said "the UC system's constitutional autonomy exempts it from municipal wage laws." Topp was referring to the university's status as an autonomous branch of state government. In other words, UC isn't bound by certain city and county laws, and therefore follows the state-mandated minimum wage of $9 per hour.
"Regardless, UC Berkeley is committed to its employees and values the principle of a fair wage for all employees," wrote Topp. "Wage levels are continually reviewed to serve the interests of our lowest paid workers. Given UC Berkeley's budget constraints, an increase in the middle of the academic year may have a significant financial impact and needs to be carefully considered."
But while the UC system has so far refused to abide by local wage laws, in recent years, the UC Board of Regents has repeatedly approved large pay hikes for the system's top administrators. Harry Le Grande, Berkeley's vice chancellor for student affairs, who oversees the campus work study program and its $9 an hour employee, was appointed to their position in 2008 at a base salary of $215,000 — a 34 percent raise over their previous pay. UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks is paid $486,800 a year in cash compensation. When Dirks was appointed chancellor in 2012, the regents boosted pay for the job by 11 percent. Dirks also gets an annual car allowance of $8,916, and was granted a "relocation allowance" of $30,425 to be paid over the next four years. Earlier this year, the regents approved a 22-percent pay increase for Berkeley's vice chancellor and provost Claude Steele. Their current salary is $450,000.
Through a California Public Records Act request, I attempted to obtain a list of UC Berkeley students currently employed by the campus and their hourly wages. But LeVale Simpson, UC Berkeley's interim public records coordinator, wrote in an email that "there is no such list, or any similar record." Simpson added that "even if the record you have requested was in existence, it would be exempt from disclosure. The University is prohibited from disclosing student records and other personally identifiable student information."
City of Berkeley officials are aware that UC is paying students below their municipal minimum wage, but say it's not the city's role to tell UC what to do. "We don't govern other jurisdictions," said city spokesperson Matthai Chakko. "Those aren't part of our powers."
Councilmember Kriss Worthington, whose city council district encompasses the area next to the UC campus and neighborhoods with several thousand student constituents, said in an email that students have been lobbying UC Berkeley to raise its minimum wage.
However, with UC aggressively increasing tuition in order to raise revenue, it's unclear how receptive school administrators will be toward proposals to lift wages for some of their lowest paid workers. Just last month, the UC Regents unveiled a plan to increase tuition by as much as 5 percent every year for the next five years. The total annual cost of attending UC Berkeley as an undergraduate is currently $32,000, according to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. A student working 20 hours a week through a campus work study job paying $9 an hour can only earn about $2,000 a semester, or $4,000 a year.
Take the local train north of Manchester and you will spot a Hollywood- style sign on a hill that says “Kindness” in large white letters. It overlooks Todmorden, an old cotton-mill town and the birthplace of an urban-gardening revolution.
“I still get a thrill when I pick an artichoke here,” says Estelle Brown in front of the local police station. Brown is one of about 30 volunteers who make up Incredible Edible Todmorden, the gardening group that has made their west Yorkshire town famous by claiming public land and growing food for everybody.
Similar to Ireland's Grow It Yourself movement, this one started with part of a kerb here, a corner there. Seven years and 400 volunteers later it adds up to about 1,000 fruit trees and two dozen raised beds around town: cherries and pears by the health centre, rhubarb and broccoli in front of the community college, potatoes and kale in the train-station car park.
Anyone can pick what they please: herbs are available year round; for the rest, volunteers stick a “pick me” sign in the ground when they are ready.
“We don't like to call it guerrilla gardening, because that reminds us of macho warfare. We'd rather call it naughty but nice,” says Mary Clear, the group's chairperson, whose kitchen doubles as Incredible Edible Todmorden's main headquarters.
Clear's motto: “Sometimes it's better to ask for forgiveness later than to ask for permission.” This applies to much of the movement, which appropriated public land, root by root, until the local council finally created an “incredible” licence that allows residents to grow food on patches of unused public property for up to three years.
The people of Todmorden have tapped into something both old and new. During the second World War the UK's extensive Dig for Victory campaign encouraged people to grow their own food in public spaces, including Hyde Park in London.
Interest in urban gardening has grown over the past decade. Consumers wish to reduce the distance their food travels; city officials worry about food sourcing.
Wake-up call
If cut off from the rest of the world, most major European cities would be able to feed their inhabitants for no more than four days, they say.
Incredible Edible Todmorden never set out to make the town self-sustainable – the all-organic produce meets less than 5 per cent of the population's food needs. But it takes the idea of traditional community gardens a step further than traditional allotments by being open-source: growing public food on public property. And supporting local food and businesses is at the heart of its mission.
An early example of propaganda planting was at the derelict Abraham Ormerod health centre, where the serial-killing GP Harold Shipman once worked. A place that passersby used to avoid became a flourishing garden. It was not long before the nearby community college and police station, both on the busy Burnley Road, had their own conspicuous raised beds.
The canal, which is popular with both boat users and walkers, is also a showcase for edible planting. The Canal and River Trust now welcomes planting next to towpaths, after locals went ahead and just did it without asking.
Along the Green Route of walkways are edible and bee-friendly plantings designed to bring a unity and identity to the town. The route creates a pedestrian circuit from the railway station, along the canal, through the health centre, with its fruit trees and “apothecary garden”, past the Hippodrome Theatre and back towards the market in the town centre – which is itself a showcase for local produce.
There is also an Aquagarden, a social enterprise that sprung out of the movement. The experimental learning centre breeds fish and recycles their faeces to grow plants without soil. The restaurant across the street will soon be putting local tilapia on its menu.
Similar Incredible Edible initiatives are now in place in more than 20 countries, from Australia to Senegal, Cuba and Japan.
Incredible Edible Cloughmills, begun in 2011, says: “We wanted to reconnect people with each other, their community and the natural environment using the language of food. We believe everyone should have the right to access safe, healthy and affordable food, locally and we want to rediscover all the lost skills and arts surrounding food. Food should be a celebration, not something we access 24 hours a day.”
Growing its own
In southern France the deputy mayor of Albi recently pledged to help the local Incroyable Comestible team grow enough food to sustain all 68,000 inhabitants by 2020, becoming the first officially backed Incredible Edible town.
One of the many people Todmorden has inspired to be naughty and nice is Emilien Buffard, a 24-year-old who started an edible garden in Rosario, Argentina. With a few medical students interested in therapeutic herbs, they claimed a patch of public lawn for produce. “People at first were pessimistic,” Buffard says. “They said it might work in Europe, but here there is too much theft and vandalism. But why steal something that is already yours?” The garden has since become a local landmark, yielding avocados, lemons, oranges and aubergines.
Todmorden's climate is unlikely to grow anything as exotic as Rosario. But the modest crew of volunteers who get together to dig twice a month know their town has become a magnet for “vegetable tourists”.
“Incredible Edible has made the town famous,” says Michael Gill, the mayor. “It took off more than anyone could have expected, and people now come from all around the world to see for themselves.”
incredible-edible-todmorden.co.uk Published as part of Impact Journalism Day, June 20th
© TheStreet To Honor Canada's 150th Year, Tim Hortons Will Unleash Poutine Donuts
You'll need more than coffee to wash down these doughnuts.
To celebrate Canada's 150th anniversary as a nation, fast-food restaurant chain Tim Hortons is releasing Canada-inspired delights on July 1 for a limited time.
The limited-offered menu includes Maple Timbits, bitesize maple-flavored doughnut holes that cost 25 cents for one or $1.99 for 10; the Maple Bacon Iced Capp, Tim Horton's frozen-coffee drink topped with whipped cream, maple flakes and bacon, which cost $3.49 for a medium size; and the Poutine Donut, a honey-dipped doughnut with potato wedges, gravy and cheese curds, which go for $1.49 each.
The Maple Timbits will be available at the participating restaurants throughout July, while the Maple Bacon Iced Capp and cheesy doughnut will only be sold on July 1.
© TheStreet To Honor Canada's 150th Year, Tim Hortons Will Unleash Poutine Donuts
Poutine originated in Quebec and is typically French fries with cheese curds and gravy on top. Tim Hortons appears to be taking a leap of faith by putting this 1950s dish in a doughnut.
Tim Hortons is headquartered in Oakville, Canada, and operates some 800 restaurants in the U.S.
Other fast-food restaurants that have sold poutine include Restaurant Brands' other brand, Burger King, and Yum! Brands' KFC.
Canada became a nation on July 1, 1867.
Read more:
“London Has Fallen” on IMDB
Action/Drama, 99 Minutes, 2015
[This is the 600th movie review that I've posted. Hooray for arbitrary large, round numbers!]
This is a sequel to the 2013 blockbuster “Olympus has Fallen” [My Review]. That review summarized the movie as, “Action fans will find a lot to like but unfortunately it lacks the soul to make it truly great.” This entry in the increasingly unlikely series could be summed up in much the same way.
All of the principles have returned. Mike Banning (Gerard Butler [IMDB]), the Secret Service superhero is on the job. He's expecting a baby and is considering early retirement. They don't actually say, “I'm getting too old for this shit”, but you can see it in their eyes. President Aaron Eckhart [IMDB] is still all apple pie and baseball. Morgan Freeman [IMDB] has gotten a bump from Speaker of the House to Vice President, but plays the exact same talking head as the first film.
World leaders have converged on London and evil terrorists have hatched an elaborate plot to take over the city and assassinate them. Mike is wearing a vest of eagle feathers and peanut butter, which enables them to save the president from the initial attack. They're soon trapped with no place to hide. In a city of 600 square miles and eight million people.
So yes, this is pretty stupid.
The action is good even if the reasons for it are vapid. The digital effects used for several of the big “oh shit” moments aren't particularly good, but they're not particularly terrible either. Since we never see any pesky civilians (they've been told to “stay indoors” after all) there are no limits to the action. There's extended car chases, helicopter battles, explosions and all the bullets anybody could want.
The jingoism is nearly as thick as the bullets. Mike tells a terrorist, “you should head back to fuckheadistan, or whatever it is you're from.” When told that he's facing over 100 terrorists, they quip, “they should have brought more.” They also have their BIG MOMENT speech at the end about how the United States is more than a man or a flag and will be around for 1,000 years.
Some commenters apparently feel that this received less than glowing reviewing because it was “politically incorrect” or because it “told it like it is.” What they seem to miss is that it is, at its best, a decent action flick. At it's worst, it's a tortured, mediocre sequel for a movie that had no right to spawn one.
Some things in life can be really frustrating. If you are a woman, you know there are a number of ?health issues to deal with every day. For e.g. irregular bowel movement is one such a problem that can cause you to get into a shell, stop enjoying life, feel awful basically. Having constipation is the worst thing that can get you to suffer silently.
In fact, there could be days when you would be releasing gases all through the day. So, should you be having bowel movements once in 1-2 weeks usually making you spend longer times in the bathroom, then do not suffer any more. We have the best home remedies to relieve constipation and the other health problems for you!
My name is Cheryl, founder and chief editor at Fullnomore.com. My tryst with constipation isn?t any different from yours. To me those days of suffering with a bloated inside and having a sickening feeling was terrible. I felt unattractive, inside out.
My visit to the doctor would mean getting every sort of test done with a list of recommended drugstore laxatives and more dietary fiber intake advice. These things weren?t helping me at all. I?ve done ample amount of researching and finally found the perfect home remedies to treating constipation and bring these for you!
Fullnomore concentrates on tackling the situation with these amazing solutions. If you have been skipping meals and losing valuable nutrient intake, then you could be easily inviting a number of ailments. Headaches are very common and the toll that the condition takes on your physical and mental well-being is agonizing.
Today, after going through endless dark days and the quest to find out a solution for the problem, here we present the ultimate natural treatments to relieve symptoms of constipation, bloating, and gas. All current symptoms of inadequate bowel movement get resolved in few days and you start emptying bowels every 24 hours.
With the web full of information, most of these resources can be contradictory. The one thing that is common is a variety of instructions. It can really get confusing and it can get embarrassing. The key is to heal and balance the colon so that it regains strength and proper functioning.
There are several reasons that contribute to improper bowel movement. This includes dehydration, electrolyte imbalance, colon infection, laxative addiction, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). There may be miracle cures that claim to be natural, but beware of that does not ensure the solution is safe. At Fullnomore.com, we address constipation problems faced by women with the assistance to discover suitable remedies for the issue.
Are you facing problems with irritable bowel syndrome? Is your constipation getting worse and you don?t know what to do. Trust our tested home remedies for constipation relief. We do not just indicate the solution, but also inform you about the procedure involved in treating the condition.
Here we share the most relevant information and updated details to cure these irritating issues. We believe that your everyday should be free from constipation problems to let you enjoy life to the fullest. Ladies & Gentlemen, relieve bowel movement problems, feel lighter, happier with our impeccable natural remedies to relieve constipation!
Now, not only constipation remedies, our new mission at Fullnomore.com also provide the other natural remedies which are not only reliable but credible when it comes to help you cure your all health problems for good and naturally.
Cheers,
Cheryl Lane
This story contains spoilers from episode 615, "East," of AMC's The Walking Dead and the comic book series it is based on.
Those words from Dwight (Austin Amelio) on Sunday's The Walking Dead are all that Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) diehards have to ponder for the next week after the AMC zombie drama left the fate of the fan favorite in limbo heading into the April 3 season six finale.
The penultimate episode of the season left the group divided — and weak. Carol (Melissa McBride), who kills several (but not all) the members of the Saviors they encounter after leaving Alexandria, is out on the road solo. Morgan (Lennie James) — who left Alexandria with Rick (Andrew Lincoln) — is out there alone and committed to finding them Glenn and Michonne are being held hostage after trying to bring Daryl home when they left the community intent on killing Dwight. Feeling guilty over Denise's (Merritt Wever) death, Daryl (who had Rosita with him) was about open fire on the Saviors holding Glenn (Steven Yeun) and Michonne (Danai Gurira. But Dwight — the same guy Daryl let go in the first half of the season who wound up returning to kill Denise — sneaks up behind him. The unseen encounter ends with the sound of a gunshot and blood splattered on the screen as Dwight says, "You'll be alright."
While Dwight definitely shot Daryl, star Reedus tells THR it's unclear whether Daryl is alive or dead and, perhaps more importantly, whom Dwight is speaking to when they mutter those three key words.
Elsewhere, Rick returns to Alexandria — where Maggie (Lauren Cohan) seems to be on the verge of losing their unborn baby — and learns that Glenn, Michonne, Rosita (Christian Serratos) and Daryl have not yet returned. The hour set the stage for next week's season finale, where comic book villain Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is poised to make their debut as the lives of five (including Maggie) key characters hang in the balance.
Below, Reedus talks with THR about Daryl and Dwight's encounter, why they wouldn't be satisfied if this was the end of the road for the fan favorite and, yes, Negan's arrival.
THR: An episode after they narrowly missed killing Daryl, did Dwight really shoot them in the shoulder?
You don't know where they shoot them but that definitely is their blood right there. Dwight knows if Daryl spins around, he's not spinning around to say something; he's spinning around to attack. Dwight knows if Daryl turning around Daryl is going to end him. But that's definitely Daryl's blood.
THR: So is Daryl dead??
Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life AMC's "The Walking Dead" (starring fan favorite Norman Reedus) remains one of the most popular shows on TV. Fans are traveling to Georgia to see locations used in the hit AMC series. Hide Caption 1 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life 'Walking Dead' in real life – The view of downtown Atlanta from the roof of the unoccupied Norfolk Southern Building plays a big role in season one of the show. Hide Caption 2 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Lonely ride – The Nelson Street Bridge passes under the Norfolk Southern Building in downtown Atlanta. Early in season one, Rick Grimes (played by Andrew Lincoln) rode over the bridge on horseback as they sought refuge in Atlanta. The Norfolk Southern Building's rooftop, right, was the setting of a department store roof where Glenn and their crew were holed up ... Hide Caption 3 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Breaking down doors – ... hiding out from these guys. This shot and the interior scenes were filmed down the street in another building. Hide Caption 4 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Zombies keep out – A fictional department store's logo is still on the doors of a building on Mitchell Street in downtown Atlanta. But that relic of the show probably won't last much longer. Hide Caption 5 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life A grim awakening – Rick's rude introduction to the post-apocalyptic world took place at this "hospital." Hide Caption 6 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Sunnier times – The building is actually part of the Atlanta Mission offices on Bolton Road on the westside of Atlanta. During a recent "Big Zombie" tour, three fans from Tennessee posed for a snapshot on the steps that Rick took out of the hospital. Hide Caption 7 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Quest for a cure – Hopes were high for a medical breakthrough at the "CDC" at the end of season one. Hide Caption 8 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life A performance venue's role – The Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre north of Atlanta stands in for the CDC in the episode. Hide Caption 9 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Woodbury refuge? – By season three, the action has moved to the fictional town of Woodbury. Hide Caption 10 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Welcome to Senoia – The picturesque town of Senoia, Georgia, stands in for Woodbury. It's the center of "The Walking Dead" tourism in Coweta County. Hide Caption 11 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Walker arena – Michonne (Danai Gurira) slays a group of walkers at a makeshift arena in season three. Hide Caption 12 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Industrial sets – Fans from Indianapolis, Mary and Eric Kolodziej, check out the arena, which is actually a facility owned by water tank manufacturer Caldwell Tanks in Newnan, Georgia. Hide Caption 13 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Straight shooting – The fighting is fierce between Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus, pictured), their brother Merle (Michael Rooker) and the Governor (David Morrissey) at this rusted mill featured in season three. Hide Caption 14 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life A more tranquil scene – The action unfolded at the old Esco Feed Mill in Haralson, Georgia. Hide Caption 15 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Explosive end – Some of "The Walking Dead's" most recent action took place at Terminus. Hide Caption 16 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life Returning to real life – The distinctive letters on the building, south of downtown Atlanta, have been painted over. Hide Caption 17 of 18 Photos: Photos: 'Walking Dead' in real life An overview – Map: 'Walking Dead' locations Hide Caption 18 of 18
I can't tell you that. But Dwight definitely shoots him.
THR: How quickly will Daryl's fate be resolved in the finale. Will we know if they survive?
I think somebody will mention it at some point. But they definitely get shot. You're definitely seeing exactly what happened.
THR: If this really is Daryl's death — and I hope it isn't because they have so much more story to be told — but would you be happy if this was the way they went out?
I don't think I'm ever going to be happy with that decision ever (laughing). Like every character on this show, there's always more story to tell. We really in the last two, maybe three years paid attention to some of the characters more than others — and some of the characters haven't had much screen time at all. I can't say that I would be happy. I can't say that I would not understand but you see what happens and they do get shot. It's their blood that's on the camera.
THR: We see Glenn and Daryl's interaction in this episode and Glenn mentions that staying outside the walls could get Daryl killed — and at the end of the episode, Daryl's blood is on the screen. How worried should viewers be about Dwight holding Daryl, Glenn, Michonne and Rosita?
You should be very worried about Daryl. At the end of the episode, there's a comment that Dwight makes ["You'll be alright"] -- and we're really good about throwing you off base. That comment might not even be to Daryl. It could be to Rosita — or to anybody there. Or it could be to something that some scuffle that happens directly afterward. Do you trust that guy? Anyone automatically assuming that's the obvious play is trusting words that come out of that guy's mouth and we're really good at throwing you for a loop. So... food for thought.
THR: Many diehard fans of the show think Daryl will be the one Negan kills [in the season finale] — especially since he's had the most exchanges with Dwight and killed off a whole group of Saviors with a rocket launcher. What do you think about that theory that Daryl is going to be the one who dies this season?
I hear that about everyone, all the time. I hear, "Rick is going to get it!" "Steven is going to get it!" "Lauren is going to get it!" I hear so much of it in all different directions that they all suck! (Laughing.) There's not a good decision. But don't put it past anybody on the show to do something unexpected. There's so many people who watch this show, so someone is going to get it right. One of these theories is going to be right.
THR: Dwight knows if Daryl spins around, that Daryl will kill him. That said, why doesn't Dwight kill Daryl?
That's a question for [showrunner] Scott [Gimple]. We're telling a larger story and it's interesting with those two characters — they don't mirror each other, but one character has some good in them and is forced to be bad. When we met on the train tracks and Denise gets shot with the arrow, Daryl is the first person Dwight acknowledges and talks to. There's almost an apologetic thing in their voice for having to do this. You see what happened to their face and you know who did that [Negan, who does it as punishment for trying to escape their community]. I don't think Daryl is that guy who you can break. Maybe there's something in Dwight that Daryl sees that that they think they can rehabilitate somehow or put out of their misery. And there's something from Dwight that sees somebody [in Daryl] that had that long conversation with in episode six: "This is who you want to be? You want to be somebody that gets down on your knees and doesn't feel safe?" I think that might have struck something in Dwight. Why didn't Daryl bind their hands before they decided to take them to Alexandria? They made a mistake and that came back to bite them on the**. In this world, you can't make mistakes like that because a bite on the** is your death.
THR: Thematically, season six has been about what this group does with their responsibility in surviving: to kill or not to kill. Daryl's journey with Dwight has come full circle here. If Daryl can escape this alive, will they still believe that the Saviors need to die? Which side of that coin does Daryl fall on right now?
Daryl definitely falls on the side with their group. If they could rewind everything, Daryl thinks they should have just killed everybody. I don't believe that now, after everything that has happened, Daryl thinks it should have gone any other way. For them to trust some people and bring them into their group and then get screwed over — that doesn't stop eating away at them ever. You see the consequences of that — he's thinking straight; he's thinking with their heart and running full steam to kill someone and they get snuck up on. When you let your guard down and don't think things out and aggressively go after things out of passion, those are the things that can f*** you up in the end.
THR: At this point, everyone in Rick's group has killed members of the Saviors. Will that come back to hurt them?
I imagine that's going to come back and there's going to be price to pay for that.
THR: Had they not, would things be different in the finale with Negan's arrival?
No, I don't think Negan cares. "You kill my men, I take it personally." They don't give a s*** about them. Scott said it the best when they said that Negan is the star of their own movie. I think besides your women, they don't really care.
THR: Carol and Morgan — neither of whom believe in killing — are both out there. How might they handle discovering Dwight holding four key members of their group hostage?
I don't know, they're both totally different characters. We've seen so much of Carol in the last couple years and how they don't want to kill anymore and that's the battle she's still fighting. And then you have Morgan, who is doing that the opposite way. He's coming to terms with the fact that you have to kill. Those two characters are dealing with the same issues just differently. So they may approach that problem in a different way.
THR: Rick is back at Alexandria, where Maggie seems to be losing the baby. Will another group venture out to the Hilltop to take care of Maggie and at the same time, look for their loved ones who haven't returned yet?
I know in the comics, there are several different groups. I don't know when or how that would play out. That's something for season seven; I don't even know what's going on in season seven about that yet.
THR: Negan is coming in the season six finale. How would you describe their first entrance?
That episode is the most hardcore episode you've ever seen on the show. Ever. And it's so well directed [by exec producer Greg Nicotero] and it's so well played out. And so terrifying. It's so good. A lot of effort went into making that the best episode we've ever shot on this show.
THR: Does the season finale pick up immediately where this episode leaves off?
All the episodes do, until we end [this season]. It's super shocking and it's pretty hardcore. Andy said they were late for work because they read it all night; Josh said they threw the script; Lauren threw up. It's gnarly. I was instantly curious. I had ideas what would happen and it made you feel sick and it was painful.
I've been on vacation this week with my family, so I've been out of the loop a little bit with some of the goings on in the world. I still get some tidbits here and there though (I obviously have a computer with me), and there's one quick thing I'd like to mention today.
Yesterday morning, my dad was watching a few clips from Fox News about the Trayvon Martin case and it's relation to racism. The specific topic was race baiting and according to my father, the discussion got pretty heated. We've talked about it ad nauseam: the claims of racism in the Zimmerman/Martin ordeal are pretty much all fabricated. Despite this, racism still seems to be the leading discussion topic.
And for the longest time, we've all been blaming the race baiters—the guys whose jobs it is to stir up racial tension. Once racism isn't an issue, they lose their jobs, so it's in their best interest to jump on the soapbox and scream and cry whenever they get the chance. We all know who they are, and I don't even want to say any names to give them more attention.
We all love to hate the race baiters. The annoyance and frustration with them is completely justified. And debating them or tearing apart their arguments is like shooting fish in a barrel.
But I think we just need to stop.
In the world of the media, one only makes money if they're able to generate attention. There's a reason why Slappy and I haven't quit our jobs yet and started working on this site fulltime—we don't have the audience to support that (yet).
If the race baiters make money by grabbing attention, maybe those who disagree with them shouldn't give them the mechanism by which to do so. TV and radio personalities like Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity will never miss an opportunity to put a racist clown on their show (and someone like Piers Morgan will jump at the chance to do an interview with the Grand Poopah of the KKK).
Why is that? It's because getting a stupid view on race to bash is easy money for those guys. The media's in it to sell papers, so they're not actually interested in showing viewers what's right. They're in it to make money. And please, don't get me wrong, that's fine. All sides should be free to pursue whatever path they choose to make a living and that includes race baiting. All I'm saying is that if we want to live in this “post race” society that people talk about, we're never going to get there if we keep supporting those who put fringe views on racism out in the forefront.
We've got to start questioning who the actual race baiters are. We know what to expect from certain people, so why ask them? You're going to get the same drivel each time. Ask the question: if the race baiters need a platform, who is to blame for the race baiting? We all know the saying “Don't poke the bear.” You won't get bit by your neighbor's vicious dog if you don't try to pet it, so whose fault is it if it bites you when you extend your hand to it?
This is why I don't even want to mention their names here. Any attention they get, good or bad, only helps fuel the fire. And while our little site isn't going to make or break the money flow for one of these guys, I'll stand on principle and not be one of the people who help move their agenda forward. If we want these guys to go away, let's just start ignoring them. We can talk about race (and I certainly will) without ever bringing these people into the discussion.
I am going to specifically pick on someone though: Bill O'Reilly. They brand themselves as the no nonsense, straight talking kind of guy, and their influence through their nightly television show is huge. He'll talk about the ridiculousness of the race baiting, but then will proceed to bring these people onto their show. O'Reilly isn't stupid. They know exactly what he's doing. It drives ratings. And again, that's fine, but don't expect Bill O'Reilly to help pull us out of the silly discussions we have on racism unless they change their tactics.
O'Reilly's hypocrisy is painfully obvious at times. I've seen them rip on someone as inconsequential as Lady Gaga, complaining about how they cry out for attention with all of their crazy antics. And then they proceed to spend the first 20 minutes of their show talking about them Hmmm, what does that tell you?
Some of these claims of racism are as ridiculous as a claim that 2 plus 2 equals 5. We'll never see the media cover that guy (well, not until it becomes profitable).
Again, in the spirit of liberty and entrepreneurship, I am in no way suggesting that we should prevent these personalities from baiting the race baiters. What I'm suggesting is that we as consumers of the media take a step back and see it for what it actually is. If we truly want a society where bigotry isn't a problem, we should be simply ignoring those who try to make it one.
Anyone who puts out crazy views on anything is doing it to get attention to spread their message. What do we tell our children to do when confronted with a bully or someone who bugs them? Ignore them and they'll probably go away. Why not take the advice that we give to our children?
Canada international Chad Bain is set to become the first domestic player to represent the Toronto Wolfpack.
The 24-year-old prop, born in Belleville, Ontario, played for Canada in the 2017 World Cup qualifiers and has been handed a full-time contract with the Wolfpack after impressing in the club's Last Tackle open trials.
Bain was man of the match in the Toronto trialists' 28-26 win over Brighouse Rangers in December and is the fourth player from the trials to be signed up.
"I'm really pleased to welcome Chad to the team," said the club's chief executive Eric Perez.
"He worked really hard and has proven to us that they have what it takes to contribute to the squad and it's even better that they are a native of our province of Ontario.
"Chad is the first Ontario domestic player to be signed by the Wolfpack and is a perfect example of the growth of rugby league in this province. We are eager to grow the sport in our region and it's players like Chad who are helping us lead the way."
Bain played with Canadian club Brantford Broncos in 2014 and 2015 and also played rugby league for Bradford amateur club Dudley Hill and rugby union for Bradford Salem.
Toronto are currently training at Brighouse and will play a friendly against Challenge Cup holders Hull at the KCOM Stadium on January 22 in readiness for their opening league game against London Skolars in March.
The report Future Proof, from the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR), offers a bleak picture of Britain in 2030. An ageing population will place a huge burden on the public coffers. Automation and other technological change will destroy millions of jobs. And our careless relationship with the planet we inhabit will become a drag on growth and prosperity.
Meanwhile, the disaffection expressed in the EU referendum has made it impossible to ignore the scourges of low pay, insecure jobs and massive regional inequality. If there remained any doubts that our economic woes do not begin or end with the deficit, this report neatly dispels them.
Of course, all these problems will be made a lot harder by the uncertainties and upheavals created by Brexit. At a time when we need to be moving forward, the knock-on effects of leaving the EU will make it difficult even to stand still. But, while daunting, all these challenges can either be overcome or turned to our country's advantage, if action is taken now.
Tackling climate change can make us world leaders in burgeoning markets for green technology. Like technological revolutions before it, automation promises to make arduous and repetitive labour a thing of the past. And research by the women's budget group has shown that spending on care is a boon to the whole economy, particularly women.
But if we are to make hope possible rather than despair convincing, we need to fundamentally rethink the way we engage with our economy. The problems outlined by the IPPR appear insurmountable only because we've lost faith in our collective ability to mobilise our talents and resources to shape the future we want. The heady days of free market capitalism made “interventionism” and even “state-partnership” dirty words. Anything that wasn't a deregulated, market solution was deemed a failure. So out went the baby with the bathwater.
Clearly all economic epochs have their failings. The postwar era of mixed markets, state aid to industry, and nationalisation was no exception. Nonetheless, in the UK it generated better overall growth that was more evenly distributed than anything achieved since 1979.
Perhaps the greatest trick of free market fundamentalism was to have us believe all forms of state intervention and partnership were doomed to repeat the failures of the past. This is at best a distortion of the truth and at worst a naked lie. Domestically, you only have to look at our current economic and political predicament to understand that. Internationally, it's confirmed – from Germany to South Korea – that an active state is not counter, but essential, to succeeding in a modern, dynamic economy.
The recent resurgence of interest in industrial strategy is a sign that people are beginning to recognise this. Alas, government announcements have so far fallen short. Boosting infrastructure and innovation, welcome as they are, will not deliver the kind of restructuring our dysfunctional economy needs, or equip us for the challenges ahead. We need to “reset the dial” on our economy, not go in for piecemeal tinkering around the edges.
The genius of the market is supposed to lie in its ability to allocate society's resources to their most efficient uses without central direction. Labour has long recognised that efficiency doesn't always correspond with what is socially optimal or, in other words, “fair”. We're now facing up to the fact that the market is not always the best guarantor of efficiency either.
There is nothing efficient about firms spurning more productive technologies because years of unrelenting attacks on social safety nets and collective bargaining have created cheap labour in abundance. Or about letting the talents and resources of large swaths of the country go to waste because the south-east of England offers a better rate of return. There is nothing efficient about destroying the planet as we know it because vested interests want to keep us addicted to fossil fuels.
An industrial strategy is important because it allows us to democratically decide the kinds of economy and society we want, and the goals we wish collectively to achieve. The question is whether the Tories are ready to do this. At some point the secretary of state for business, Greg Clark, is going to have to make a choice: is their industrial strategy going to be led by market forces, or is it going to take new directions and lead our economy into the 21st century?
The former may increase innovation at the margin and provide a little more money for skills and local infrastructure. Only the latter can ensure that every part of our country has a vibrant local economy, that every person displaced by technological change and decarbonisation finds new, decent employment, and decisively end our destructive dependence on carbon.
Clark has said they want to be interventionist. What is less clear is whether the rest of their party will let him. Mayists are scarce in the Conservative party, and Clark lacks the ideological base to achieve their ambition. So expect more radical rhetoric backed up by token gestures.
Meanwhile, the Labour party is ready to cut through the doom and gloom, not just identifying what is wrong with our economy and society but articulating an alternative vision and setting out a route map for getting there.
• Labour's industrial strategy consultation is open until 16 February
When I was in my early 20s, I was cast as Golde in a production of Fiddler on The Roof in Mississippi. I was the only Jewish person in the cast. Yes, there are some pretty hilarious stories I can tell in conjunction with that theatrical experience—but the first time I wrote about this experience, I omitted this less-than-funny-anecdote: I was significantly younger than Golde is supposed to be, so a young makeup artist was helping me with old-age-makeup. After they finished applying the wrinkle lines around my eyes and mouth, they began rubbing something on my nose. I asked them what they were doing.
“Oh, it's putty,” they said excitedly. “It's to build out facial features and stuff. See, the family in this show is Jewish, right? So I figured you could use a bigger nose.”
“I'm Jewish, in real life,” I told her, leaning back and wiping the putty from my nose, “and I think my real nose will be just fine, thanks.”
“I had no idea,” they said, mortified. “I never met anyone Jewish, and…”
They didn't finish their thought, but it was evident: you don't look Jewish.
Apparently, whether or not a person has met anyone Jewish, there are still very prevalent stereotypes about what Jews look like. Dark hair, big nose, small stature, the old Eastern European Ashkenazi/Middle Eastern tropes of Semitic features. I have a few of those features, as it happens. I'm short. I have dark hair. I didn't have trouble ‘blending in' in youth group or anything. But this episode was neither my first nor my last brush with someone overtly referring to “looking Jewish,” and subsequently labeling me as someone who does or does not fit the bill.
Why are these stereotypes so persistent? Especially now, in 2017, in America— what does looking Jewish even mean, and why is it still a thing? As our friends on the Jewish& blog can assure you, not all Jews are of Eastern European descent (which, by the way, has always been the case—Judaism has been around for a lot longer than Jews have been in Europe, and while Judaism is a heritage and culture and yes, in the far-far-past was tribal—even in biblical times we accepted converts and were not homogeneous). There are Jewish people from different corners of the world. There are people who convert to Judaism. There are people who are adopted. There are people like me, who have one “born-Jewish” parent and one “chose-Judaism” parent – so 50 percent of my genetic makeup is Ashkenazi, but I also hail from various parts of Western Europe and North America (and probably other places, but despite all the compelling commercials I have yet to do one of those swab kits). The fact that we still assume there is a particular way to “look Jewish” boggles the mind.
But we do. And perhaps even worse than the idea that there IS a way to look Jewish is the notion that looking Jewish is a bad thing.
“You're lucky,” I've been told more than once when someone discovers that my mother converted to Judaism. “That's why you don't look too Jewish.” (I've been told this by Jewish people more often than by those of other identities, by the way.) Incidentally, my blond-haired, blue-eyed, Jewish-on-both-sides-of-the-family cousins have been told the same thing. It's meant as a compliment, but it's worse than a backhanded one. It's an insult to anyone who does, in the eye of that beholder, “look Jewish.”
There is some internalized and externally-confirmed notion that looking Jewish (read: looking “foreign,” looking “other”) is bad. That idea isn't just bad for our demographic. It's bad, in general. It contributes to the staggering amount of privilege and oppression in our society. It perpetuates damaging ideas of beauty, promoting pale skin and small noses and “just looking American” (read: white) as the ideal. It's not welcoming. It's not wise.
So what do we do about it?
We start with ourselves. Don't assume that the person who walks into your Jewish building who “doesn't look Jewish” is not, in fact, Jewish. Read the Jewish& blog. Remind yourself that there are many ways to look, and be, Jewish. And when someone else gets it wrong or makes an insensitive comment, be sure to kindly, clearly, and immediately wipe away the putty from your nose and wipe away the assumptions being made.
A pair of wildlife rehabilitators helped rescue a hungry raccoon that got its head stuck in a peanut butter jar while in search of a snack. Screen capture/ Wildlife In Need of Rescue and Rehabilitation/Cathy Stpierre/Facebook
Aug. 7 (UPI) -- A raccoon in search of a quick peanut butter snack had to be rescued after its head became stuck in a plastic jar.
Wildlife In Need of Rescue and Rehabilitation shared video captured by Cathy St. Pierre as they and their husband Bobby Horvath worked to free the trapped raccoon.
"This young raccoon thought peanut butter would be yummy!" St. Pierre said. "Well they got their head stuck."
Video showed the distressed raccoon wandering a backyard with its head securely trapped inside the jar, which St. Pierre said remained stuck for several hours.
"Animals will so do that. If they smell something appetizing they'll put their heads in there to get the snack and won't have the dexterity to get themselves out," Horvath told Newsday. "The best advice is when throwing out a jar, make sure to put the cover back on."
The couple, who are both wildlife rehabilitators, eventually managed to get a hold of a raccoon and covered it in a towel before pouring cooking oil on its neck to gently twist the jar off its head.
Horvath said the raccoon appeared healthy and quickly scampered away after being freed from the jar.
The conspiracy theorist Mike Ruppert shot and killed themselves Sunday night after recording their Lifeboat Hour radio show.
Their death was announced Monday night in a Facebook post by the blogger and author Carolyn Baker, who assured their followers that Ruppert's death was “not a ‘fake' suicide.”
“It was very well planned by Mike, who gave us few clues but elaborate instructions for how to proceed without him,” said Baker, who was a guest on the final program and will host Ruppert's upcoming radio show in memoriam.
The 63-year-old Ruppert had previously worked as a Los Angeles police officer, and they gained notoriety in 1995 for an encounter with then-CIA Director John Deutch during a town hall meeting.
Ruppert, a former narcotics officer, told Deutch he'd seen evidence of CIA complicity in drug dealing.
They published and edited the website From The Wilderness, where they claimed the CIA and U.S. government were involved in the September 11, 2001, terrorist plots.
Ruppert also covered civil liberty issues, government corruption, economics, and international politics on the site, which they discontinued in 2006.
They published the 2004 book “Crossing the Rubicon: The Decline of the American Empire at the End of the Age of Oil,” which speculated that then-Vice President Dick Cheney had conspired with other government officials and Wall Street financiers in the 9/11 attacks.
Ruppert also appeared in several documentary films, including “The 911 Report You Never Saw” and “Peak Oil,” and was the subject of another, “Collapse.”
Their critics say Ruppert used dubious or partial sources to back their claims.
“Conspiracy theories may seem more nuisance than problem,” wrote columnist David Corn about Ruppert's work in 2002. “But they do compete with reality for attention. There is plenty to be outraged over without becoming obsessed with X Files-like nonsense.”
Watch this interview with Ruppert posted online by TheLipTV:
Mark Quartley rehearsing as Ariel. Photo: Gramafilm
The Royal Shakespeare Company's new production of The Tempest, starring Simon Russell Beale as Prospero, opens this month. Ariel will be presented using extraordinary performance-capture technology that has not previously been used on stage in a live production. This captures facial expressions as well as movement, which sets it apart from traditional motion capture and ensures the actor's full performance is conveyed by the avatar.
The production is a collaboration with computer technology company Intel, which provided the inspiration for this production. Sarah Ellis and Gregory Doran from the RSC saw Intel's project Leviathan, in which a whale appeared to swim off a screen and over an audience. Intrigued, Ellis emailed Intel and their enquiry made its way to Tawny Schlieski, director of desktop research: “I was excited from the first moment they spoke to me,” says Schlieski.
The RSC is also working with Imaginarium, co-founded by Andy Serkis, which pioneered performance-capture technology for films, most famously for Gollum in The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings trilogies.
Two years of research and development have led to this point, including casting Ariel much earlier than usual, says Ben Lumsden, Imaginarium's head of studio. “The RSC would never normally think about character sign-offs so early,” they say. “But we told them, ‘You absolutely have to cast Ariel by this date if you want the actor's likeness to be in the avatar.' ”
Mark Quartley, who plays Ariel, spent time at Imaginarium's studios before normal rehearsals with the rest of the cast. The additional technology will be added during two final weeks of technical rehearsals.
Without wanting to spoil any surprises, if the team can pull it all together before the show opens, the effect promises to be spectacular.
1. Learning to use the motion-capture technology
Mark Quartley explains the process: “The joy is that it's really physical. I can have a relationship with Prospero while the avatar can simultaneously have another. Ariel is an immensely powerful spirit. This sense of power gives a wonderful feeling that I can do anything: I can fly, I can dive into fire. When I rehearse in my jumper and jeans I feel very different – 21st-century, millennial – but although my friends enjoy taking the piss out of me when I'm wearing it, the lycra suit gives me a sense of freedom.”
2. A 21st-century twist on 17th-century masque magic
“I got an email from Greg Doran [RSC artistic director] asking if I wanted to do Prospero,” says Russell Beale. “Greg said: ‘I've been thinking about what the modern equivalent of 17th-century masque magic technology might be,' and sent me a link to the Leviathan clip. It was so clever, and not something I'd really thought about. It's amazing technology about which I know absolutely nothing – and that's the bit that hooked me. It's intellectually valid as an approach, as well as exciting, so I said yes.”
3. Using the latest tools to support creative ingenuity
Tawny Schlieski describes Intel as a company that makes tools. About the process of working with the RSC, they say: “The tools are only interesting when they're in the hands of artists who do new things with them. So we worked with Imaginarium, who are excruciatingly talented, and gave them these tools and said: ‘What else would you do? How do we make that happen?' Teaching our team the agility and resourcefulness you need in live theatre has been great. It's also been great to see the ingenuity of the designer and then rise to that, and think about how they can do their work.”
4. Balancing technology with live performance
Brimson Lewis explains the difficulty of integrating the technology into the production without it feeling “tech-heavy” to an audience. “I keep describing it as doing post-production on a film that you haven't actually filmed yet. You have to work in a sort of back-to-front way compared with how you normally work in a theatre. It's a very extended creative team, to provide the layers of technology and imagery, and to find good ways of harnessing the technology without it overtaking us.”
5. Bringing characters to life through projections
Making Ariel appear around the space has not been easy, as the surfaces have to be thick enough to be projected on to but also translucent. The designer says: “We've blocked Ariel around this cloud of screens as you would an actor in the space. It's a kind of choreography. As soon as you start to find the language, you realise it's all in the play. Shakespeare is constantly asking Ariel to disappear, be there and be invisible, or be there and be seen; or present themselves as a water nymph or a flame. We can have fun with that.”
6. Rehearsing on stage with the technology
“On my first day at Imaginarium, they put me in a suit resembling a wetsuit,” Quartley says. “It felt really exposing because lots of people were looking at me. Then Andy Serkis put some music on and said: ‘Just play around.' They put a version of Ariel on various screens around the room. I lost myself in the fun of playing around. It was really liberating. I lost my inhibitions. It's just acting – the technology can pick up your performance and replicate it.”
7. The final result – a fruitful collaboration
Imaginarium and Intel worked with the RSC to create avatars for Ariel. Imaginarium's Ben Lumsden says: “We were blown away by the RSC's initial idea – it sounded super-cool and right up our street. Andy Serkis has a background in theatre, and has always dreamt of bringing performance-capture technology to various different forms and different media. For this project, we have passed all our content via our games engine to get the different states and forms of Ariel.”
The Tempest runs at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon until January 21, 2017
To use the Timings parser, please type /timings paste in game, console or RCON. It will then give you a link to view it on this page.
The old Paste option has been removed for now as it is not needed.
Connection Handler (previously labeled Player Tick) is a wide wrapper of many things involving processing a players incoming data to the server. This value being high does not represent a bug itself in "Connection Handler", but usually will include timings data from plugins too.
If you are seeing high values here, it could mean you have more players online than your server can support. It is important to remember that Minecraft gets slower every version update, and while you may of been able to support this many players in the past, you might not be able to anymore.
If you are using the player-shuffle setting (has a value other than 0) then that can cause extra lag here, and you should ensure that setting is 0.
Look for other timings such as PlayerMoveEvent, PlayerInteractEvent, PlayerBlockBreakEvent and PlayerBlockPlaceEvent.
Those having high timings will also be counted in this event, but they will be the problem.
There is very little other than player-shuffle (and a future setting) to reduce Connection Handler alone. You must simply lower your player count and ensure no plugins are being slow in the events listed above.
Full Server Tick is the best representation of your servers performance, in the Pct Tick Column. If this value hits 100%, then your server is unable to keep up and will begin losing TPS. There is no magical solution to improving Full Server Tick, it is merely provided to see a better summary of your overall server performance and you can improve it by improving other timings on your server such as entities and plugins.
Spigot introduces a major feature called Entity Activation Range that lets you specify ranges away from a player that an entity will enter "inactive" state, meaning it will slow down its activity. Any inactive entity will reduce its performance cost by up to 95%! This can be a major savings in terms of performance on servers that have lots of entities.
With Entity Activation Range, it is no longer necessary to use ClearLagg to wipe out every entity on a schedule, as you can instead set the Misc setting for your world to be lower, such as 4. This will make items on the ground not cause you any lag!
Additionally, setting the animals setting lower to such as 12, will greatly reduce impact from animal farms. And finally, you can safely lower monsters to about 24 without any real noticable impact.
Lowering these settings will lower the "Active Entities" summary at the top of this report, and will give a much better TPS.
Scheduler accounts for all time spent processing Repeating and Single Synchronous tasks created by plugins. 100% of the timing spent here is due to a plugin, and you need to look at your plugins to identify what is making this timing total to this.
Async Tasks do not count on this entry. See all Task: Entries for your plugins to find a culprit.
Just as it proved premature to load too many excitable expectations on the group of players Tottenham purchased with their Gareth Bale windfall, perhaps those who have dismissed their longer-term prospects at White Hart Lane will also turn out to be hasty. When the summer comes, and Tottenham attempt to analyse this season of turbulence and try to figure out the best way to progress, some encouraging answers might be staring them in the face.
The unstable and haphazard backdrop to the season has not made for the calmest environment for new signings to acclimatise, but there are signs that some of Tottenham's players will emerge the stronger for it. In the absence of Emmanuel Adebayor, Christian Eriksen and Roberto Soldado, right, demonstrated how the seeds of a promising partnership have been sown.
They have not had too many opportunities in tandem (they started only once together in the previous 11 matches, in the Europa League against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk). On this occasion their movement, and the way they sought each other out, was noticeably complementary.
Eriksen's initiative, in showing the hunger to hunt and pounce on a couple of predatory finishes, shows there is more to them than the luxury arts of an authentic playmaker. Actually they scored the kind of goals that might have been more naturally associated with Soldado's repertoire. The Spaniard did not finesse their performance with a goal but they were warmly applauded for their efforts, with some silky link play central to Tottenham's ability to rouse themselves from a terribly self-inflicted 2-0 deficit.
A dozy opening half-hour, with Sherwood upstairs trying to keep out of trouble and get a decent view from the directors' box, showed 2013-14 Tottenham at their worst. That recklessly high line almost encouraged Southampton to play with confident assurance and press mistakes out of the home defence. There had been a number of alarm bells in the opening 15 minutes, and it felt as if the sharp Southampton attackers and leisurely Tottenham defenders were playing in different time zones. Sherwood's team posed themselves the kind of problems that make it too easy for critics to put two and two together and make Louis van Gaal.
Cavalier defending, with Kyle Naughton the chief culprit, allowed Southampton to cruise into a two-goal lead delivered expertly by Jay Rodriguez and Adam Lallana. Southampton's attacking movement and energy was so impressive, and Eriksen deserves credit for applying themselves with the same quality to kickstart the Tottenham comeback.
They gave a brilliantly straight answer to the post-match question as to how Tottenham recovered from their cumbersome two-goal deficit. "Score three goals," they said plainly, fixing the interviewer with a stating the bleeding obvious stare. Simple.
Increased effort was paramount, as demonstrated by the Soldado-Eriksen connection to force the equaliser early in the second half. The Dane also had a hand in the matchwinner with a cute lay-off to invite Gylfi Sigurdsson to wallop in a late decider.
In a developmental year, this has been a challenging first season in English football for Eriksen. A fabulous start, as they excelled on their debut, and scored on their second appearance, outlined their promise. With their creative instincts and classy touch, they looked like a player blessed with the kind of talent to build a team around. That may well turn out to be the case but as they have adjusted to the Premier League it has been a learning process. Having shone fitfully, in the last few weeks Eriksen has found a new stride in this team, which augers well for next season when they should feel more settled.
Soldado is perhaps the more curious case, and midway though the game Gary Lineker tweeted their belief that the Spaniard can cut the mustard. "In all seriousness I reckon Soldado could still come good. Often takes foreign players a while to adapt. And they CAN play." They have not been an obvious favourite of Sherwood's, and recently admitted on Spanish radio that they might have abandoned ship if this Spurs experience had come when they were younger, saying: "I would have probably returned home after a month."
The statistics are still unhelpful and every expensive goalscorer is judged by their strike rate. Clearly Soldado needs to up the ante in that department. But while this season might be one to file away as a test of character, the broader picture of their Tottenham career could look different this time next year.
Players such as Soldado and Eriksen (together with the forgotten man Erik Lamela) were bought to collectively fill the chasm left by Bale. That was too tall an order while they endeavoured to adjust to a new football culture. But their qualities may well come in increasingly useful for Tottenham.
Canonical , Ubuntu's parent company, made a bet. It wagered that there were enough visionaries out there to crowd-source 32-million dollars for the first Linux-powered combination smartphone/PC, the Ubuntu Edge . It seems that the company will lose that wager , but in the long-run, I think Canonical will rise from the gadget gaming table a winner.
First, even with Bloomberg backing the Ubuntu Edge campaign , the odds are growing against the Ubuntu Edge project reaching its goal. Even dropping the device's price to $695 on August 8th hasn't been enough to kick-start the project. As of August 11th, with 10 days left in the Ubuntu Edge Indiegogo campaign, Canonical has raised only $9.5-million toward its goal.
To the best of my knowledge that's the most that's ever been raised in a commercial, time-limited crowdsourced project. Still, it's not enough.
Some people hope that Mark Shuttleworth, Canonical and Ubuntu's founder, will ride in at the 11th hour and rescue the project. That seems unlikely. Indeed Canonical has told the Guardian (UK) newspaper that "If we don't reach our target there won't be an Ubuntu Edge."
Shuttleworth won't lose any sleep over it. They told CNet that "Tripling the crowdfunding record is always a super-ambitious goal." But, "It's also clear that this work is ancillary to the broader mission of bringing Ubuntu to the market."
Exactly.
Ubuntu may be the biggest fish in the Linux desktop pond, but it's a minnow in the smartphone and general technology world. The Ubuntu Edge project did capture the imagination of companies, such as Bloomberg, that otherwise would barely notice Canonical.
Shuttleworth also said This is not about an Ubuntu phone. This is about changing the innovation dynamic." That's also true, and it's a key point.
Canonical is far from the first company to talk about a hybrid all-in-one computing device. It's the first I know of that had an operating system, Ubuntu, and an interface, Unity that can run across smartphones, tablets, and PCs .
As ZDNet's Jason Perlow said recently , " For Shuttleworth's vision to become a reality, you need platform unification . In other words, the smartphone, tablet and desktop OS need to become the same operating system, the same developer target and ultimately, the same device."
I think that's exactly where our technology is going. Even if the Ubuntu Edge doesn't happen, Canonical has positioned itself as a visionary company in this new form of computing.
Someone, and soon, will start building these all-in-one devices. I strongly suspect Canonical will be involved in these projects even if they don't lead them. Then, as the mashup of smartphone/PC hybrids starts to take hold in both consumer and IT computing, Canonical will reap the benefits of its early moves.
So win, lose, or draw on Ubuntu Edge, Canonical is now positioned with the Linux community, the larger public, and potential partners as the company that thinks big about computing's future. That's a good place to be.
Related Stories:
[Episcopal Diocese of Dallas press release] The Standing Committee of the Episcopal Diocese of Dallas has announced a slate of four nominees to stand for the election as 7th bishop of the diocese. The candidates are:
The Rev. Michael W. Michie, 46, rector of St. Andrew's, McKinney, Texas;
The Rev. David G. Read, 49, rector of St. Luke's, San Antonio, Texas;
The Rev. R. Leigh Spruill, 51, rector of St. George's, Nashville, Tennessee;
The Rev. Dr. George R. Sumner, 59, principal of Wycliffe College, Toronto, Canada.
More information about each of the nominees is available at www.dallasbishopsearch.org.
A petition process for submitting additional names is open from Feb. 3-16. Complete information about the petition process and the petition form are available at www.dallasbishopsearch.org. If petition candidates are received, they will be announced by the Standing Committee and added to the slate no later than April 6, pending the required background checks.
The slate is the result of a seven-month discernment process conducted by a Bishop Search Committee composed of lay and clergy members from across the diocese and reporting to the Standing Committee. With the announcement of the slate, a Transition Committee, also made up of lay and clergy members from across the diocese, implements the next stages of the election process, also reporting to the Standing Committee.
The nominees will participate in a series of open “walkabout” meetings from April 20-23, allowing members of the diocese to meet and learn more about the candidates. More information on the times and locations of the meetings will be forthcoming, along with additional information on each candidate, on the bishop-search website.
The election will take place Saturday, May 16. A majority in each of the two orders (clergy and lay delegates) is required for the election of the new bishop. Consent is required from a majority of the Episcopal Church's diocesan bishops and standing committees. The consecration of the bishop-elect is scheduled for November 2015.
The search for bishop began with the retirement of Bishop James M. Stanton, who served in the role for 21 years until May 2014. The Episcopal Diocese of Dallas is home to more than 70 congregations in the Northeast Texas area, where the combined average Sunday attendance is about 11,300.
Christopher Stanzel, 23, and Keil Cronauer, 22, of Beaufort are charged with misdemeanor battery in the attack on Kieran Daly, 26, on June 12 in Savannah. Daly, who is gay, alleged that they were attacked because one of the Marines said they winked at him.
Alicia Johnson, spokesperson for the Chatham County DA's office, which includes Savannah, said today that the two Marines will only face misdemeanor charges for allegedly punching Daly. The decision was made weeks ago, they added.
The two Marines will appear before a judge in state court on Sept. 9. The judge is expected to hear the case and render a verdict, Johnson said. The case has already been postponed twice.
Christopher Charles Stanzel
Keil Joseph Cronauer
After the alleged attack on June 12, LGBT activists in Savannah and Atlanta called for the FBI to investigate the incident under the federal hate crimes law.
Johnson said after the FBI, the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department and the DA's office reviewed Daly's medical records and conducted further investigation, they determined this case had “no merit” to be considered a hate crime.
“I can't speak on the specifics because this is pending litigation, but for a crime to be considered a felony [which a hate crime is considered to be] there has to be proof of a sustained injury,” Johnson said.
“It's my understanding Daly suffered only a punch. Based on their medical records we could not upgrade the charge from a misdemeanor to a felony.”
If convicted of a misdemeanor, the Marines could face less than a year in jail and a fine of no more than $1,200, they added.
According to a Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department report, Daly was allegedly attacked at about 3:45 a.m. on June 12.
Daly's friend, Alison Brennan, told police “they were all eating pizza [in Johnson Square] and were joking around with the two subjects when Mr. Cronauer got upset because they found out Mr. Daly was a homosexual. They continued to state that they were trying to get Mr. Daly to walk away because they heard Mr. Cronauer tell them ‘did you just wink at me!'
“At which point they stated Mr. Stanzel walked behind Mr. Daly and when they turned their attention to them Mr. Daly was on the ground unconscious. They immediately ran to them and in passing asked Mr. Stanzel, ‘did you just hit him?' Mr. Stanzel's response was ‘No' and took off running with Mr. Cronauer heading west on Congress St.
“She then went to the aid of Mr. Daly and they stated they did not have a pulse at first. They then gave them some ‘chest rubs' and all Mr. Daly did was lift their eyebrows but did not wake up.”
Police found the two suspects in a fenced, empty lot after they were seen running “full sprint” from where Daly was injured. They told police they were waiting for friends.
“Mr. Cronauer stated that they were being harassed by a white homosexual male earlier in the evening and just wanted to get away and meet their friend on Bay St. Mr. Stanzel stated that they were going to meet a friend on River St.,” according to the police report.
They were turned over to military police.
Further reports that Daly suffered a seizure and required CPR caused an uproar among LGBT people in Georgia and nationwide, who demanded police charge the Marines with a felony.
The incident also prompted Georgia Equality to ask the Department of Justice and the FBI to intervene to investigate whether or not the incident is a federal hate crime.
“I'm very concerned this happened in the first place. But these misdemeanor charges are outrageous,” said Georgia Equality Executive Director Jeff Graham shortly after the incident. “And then to turn [the Marines] over to the military police is a miscarriage of justice.”
Dozens of LGBT activists and allies met in Johnson Square in the historic district of Savannah, Ga., on June 20 to express outrage over the alleged beating and to call for Georgia to pass a state hate crimes law.
I find it very interesting that there is a definite caste system within the WTS (144K V. Great Crowd) as indicated by the following statements:
“Jesus is the mediator only for anointed Christians…The Great Crowd….is not in that new covenant.” (WT 4/1/79, p. 31)
WHAT??? Since when is the new covenant for some Gentile believers and not others?? That's so not what the Bible says!
Worse, this is used to justify the fact that the Great Crowd are not allowed to partake in communion as Jesus commands:
“There is only a remnant of such spiritual sons now living, and these are the ones who properly partake of the emblems. This, then, accounts for the vast majority of Jehovah's Witnesses being observers and not partakers.” (WT 2/15/85, p. 17)
“Those of the other sheep class are not in the new covenant and so do not partake.” (WT 2/15/86, p. 15)
. . . And they aren't Born Again according to the WTS:
“The other sheep do not need any such rebirth, for their goal is life everlasting in the restored earthly Paradise as subjects of the Kingdom.” (WT 2/15/86, p. 14)
Basically, the Great Crowd is saved only by riding on the coat-tails of the 144K, as the follow quotes attest:
“To keep in relationship with our Savior, God, the great crowd needs to remain united with the remnant of spiritual Israelites.” (WT 11/15/79, p. 26)
“Your attitude toward the anointed is the determining factor whether you go into everlasting cutting off or everlasting life”. (WT 8/1/81, p. 26)
It is interesting, to analyze these statements in the light of what Jesus says about we all must be Born Again. Even more interesting is that, in John 6:51-54, they say that those who do not partake in their body and blood (symbolized by taking communion) do not have life!!
Do the JWs realize that their WT is denying them LIFE by denying them the partaking of communion??? According to what Jesus says, this is true! I'd really reconsider this aspect if I were them!
exaltedbygrace · vor 1 Jahrzent 6 Daumen hoch 0 Daumen runter Missbrauch melden
Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Recode.
Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Re/code by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Re/code.
Like most of you reading this, I conduct much of my professional and personal life via digital devices. But which of them could I do without?
Well, for me, having no smartphone would be the worst. I'd feel cut off from other people. Losing my laptop would be a close second, since it's my main work tool and my best display for browsing and video viewing. I'm a big tablet guy, so I'd hate to lose my iPad, which I now use for many things, including work tasks.
But my $700, stainless steel Apple Watch? If that somehow went away, I expect I'd stop missing it after a few days. Sure, it does just enough for me that I don't feel terrible about buying it, or wish to get rid of it. But since I started wearing one after it launched last April, it just hasn't become an integral part of my life. Unlike my phone, if I left it at home one day, I wouldn't drive back to get it.
And I'm not alone. I know lots of tech fans who either haven't bought a smartwatch, or who just haven't formed an attachment to the one they have. One friend, a veteran and savvy tech journalist, removed their Apple Watch upon entering the hospital for a routine procedure, fearing it might be lost or stolen. And when they got out, they simply never put it back on.
The smartwatch isn't smart enough to be essential
So what's the problem? The smartwatch isn't smart enough to be essential, to feel like a natural part of daily life. So far, it mostly duplicates things you do on your smartphone -- sometimes more conveniently, more often not. In most cases, it's just sort of a companion to your phone, losing most if its power when left alone.
So what's the solution? The watches — not just Apple's, but all of them — need to find lots more independent functions, ones that are consistent with always being on you and knowing who you are, without the nearby presence of a smartphone.
Two-and-a-half-tasks
In my own case, I use my Apple Watch mainly for two and a half things besides telling the time and date. The first is general fitness tracking. This isn't the same as quantifying a million things about serious workouts for serious fitness fanatics, though my watch can do some of that. It's more aimed at the vast majority of people, like me, who need to be less sedentary, and to see and meet goals for daily physical activity, standing up more, and doing light exercise.
The second is notifications. It's easier to glance at a text, or reminder, or an approaching calendar item on your wrist than by digging your phone out of your pocket or purse. And, with Apple's watch and some competitors, it's also easy, when necessary, to tap on an intelligent canned response. Apple's Siri actually works remarkably well for me as a way of occasionally dictating a longer response via the watch, even in moderately noisy settings.
The half-task? It's using Apple Pay and code-based authentication and payment features like the Starbucks app and electronic plane and train boarding passes. The reason I call this a "half-task" is that half the time, the readers used by merchants for this are configured for phones and the wrist contortions required to use the watch instead aren't worth attempting.
(Speaking of wrist contortions, I wish Apple would sharpen the algorithms that turn on its screen when you raise your wrist to check the time. At least once a week, I find I have to make multiple awkward attempts to get the screen to light up.)
Is that all there is?
The problem with my 2.5 tasks (or 3, if you're better coordinated than I am) is that they're the very same ones I cited as the Apple Watch's main attractions when I first reviewed it last spring, saying "... it's a fledgling product whose optimal utility lies mostly ahead of it as new watch software is developed.".
I hardly ever use third-party watch apps
Since then, Apple has released a new version of the watch operating system meant to speed up and enrich third-party apps, and the number of those apps has ballooned from from about 4,000 to over 13,000. But when I spoke on background to highly knowledgeable Apple sources for this column, fitness tracking, notifications, and payments were still cited as the top tasks — so far — of most users. Apple CEO Tim Cook refers to them publicly when explaining the value of the Apple Watch. Not only that, but similarly clued-in sources at Samsung, also speaking on background, cited the same uses as the most popular for its smartwatches, including the recently released Gear S2.
The experts at both companies cited the value of the smartwatch as a handy way to consume key information or perform key tasks in even less time than it takes on a smartphone. That's certainly true about glancing at texts, but, in my case, I hardly ever use third-party watch apps. I find most of them slower and clumsier than just pulling out my phone to use the more full-featured, faster version of the app.
Early days
To be fair, the smartwatch category (which I separate from the more focused fitness band category, despite some functional overlap) took off, relatively speaking, last year after Apple entered the game. While the secretive giant doesn't release Apple Watch sales figures, a report issued last week by the British research firm Juniper claims Apple accounted for over half of the 17 million or so smartwatches it says were sold last year, even though it was only in the market for three-quarters of the year.
Apple's smash hit products have always required some time to become huge
By contrast, it said that competing watches using Android Wear — Google's wearable software platform — held less than a 10 percent share. (Samsung, which primarily uses Android in its phones, uses its own operating system, Tizen, in its latest watches.) If Apple did indeed sell about 8 or 9 million smartwatches last year, that would be far fewer than some frothy analysts predicted, and of little financial consequence to the company.
But people do forget that Apple's smash hit products have always required some time to become huge. For instance, the iPod was introduced in 2001, but didn't really take off until its third generation in 2003-2004. And new smartwatches are coming. Apple will sooner or later have a second generation, maybe this year. And I don't expect the Android Wear companies or Samsung to quit. Like Apple, they are all struggling to make their case to the mass market.
So maybe I'm too impatient. But, to quote Juniper, there's a "continued lack of a strong use case for smartwatches."
What's next?
I don't think the smartwatch needs one "killer app", but I do believe it needs a capability more compelling than what's out there so far. It needs to do something, all on its own, that's useful, quick, secure and cool.
I have no crystal ball on this question, but I believe that one way to make the smartwatch indispensable is to make it a sort of digital token that represents you to the environment around you.
For instance, while the phone often is faster and easier for, say, using maps, the watch is much better positioned for communicating with smart items in your home, or even your car. It's likely to be on your person more than your phone is, it knows who you are, and can be secured to be used by only you. So, with your permission, it could open your door, tell your thermostat you're home, maybe even start your car remotely.
In stores, you could opt in to letting the watch not just pay for items, but order frequent purchases automatically, as you approach. These tasks can be set up and customized on a bigger screen once, and then just happen, effortlessly and often, with the watch. Such things are already possible with smartphones, and there are even some watch apps that can do some of them.
If the smartwatch can't eventually get smarter and more useful, it risks becoming a footnote
But I believe that this kind of functionality needs to be a core function of the watch, tied into the budding iOS and Android platforms for controlling homes and cars. Samsung, which now owns an Internet of Things company called SmartThings, is already working on this, using its Tizen software platform.
Maybe this idea isn't the one that will give the smartwatch the bond you now feel for your other gadgets. There certainly are smarter people than me looking at the problem. But something has to change. If the smartwatch can't eventually do something smarter and more useful than it does now, it risks becoming a footnote.
Fans of raw pork liver savored their last chance to taste the dish on Thursday night as they expressed mixed feelings on the arrival of a new food safety regulation Friday that bans eateries from serving pork sashimi.
“I often eat (pork liver sashimi) at yakiton (grilled pork) restaurants. I don't know what I'll do if I can't eat it anymore,” said Hiromi Sasamoto, 33, as they downed the sashimi at Aji no Isohei, a pub in Tokyo's Oimachi district.
“I always order this if restaurants have it on the menu,” said Shota Komukai, 31, who was with Sasamoto, adding that they like the melting texture and sweetness of what is known locally as buta reba sashi.
A 42-year-old man who hadn't eaten pork liver before said they came to taste it because Thursday was the last day to try it.
Compared with beef liver sashimi, “it tastes plainer. It's delicious,” they said.
Restaurants said they got extremely busy serving the sashimi as the deadline approached.
Takashi Sato, the proprietor of Aji no Isohei, said that pretty much all of the customers who came Wednesday and Thursday ordered the dish.
Restaurants serving raw pork liver surged after the government banned beef liver sashimi in 2012, according to health center data, so the health ministry considered it necessary to regulate raw pork as well.
In 2011, yukke (raw beef) served at Yakiniku-zakaya Ebisu, a chain of Korean-style barbecue restaurants, caused the deaths of five people who contracted E. coli food poisoning.
Following an outcry, raw beef liver was eventually banned.
Local health center inspections nationwide found about 80 restaurants that served raw pork liver in 2012.
That jumped to 190 in 2013. Despite the known health risks of eating raw pork, its sale was not regulated because, a ministry official said, not many restaurants served raw meat or organs.
Before the new regulation took effect Friday, the health ministry warned restaurants not to serve raw pork meat, although the warnings had no binding legal power.
Under the new rule, however, restaurants that serve raw pork or organs face a two-year prison term or ¥2 million fine.
Some of the customers in Oimachi said they don't really understand why the meat was banned.
Komukai questioned why it is legal to eat other raw foods like oysters and other fish that could cause food poisoning and demanded clearer government standards.
The health ministry says raw pork meat might carry the hepatitis E virus, which can impair liver function and lead to death.
A 36-year-old man from Yokohama said that they like eating raw meat, but if a certain kind of sashimi is found to be truly dangerous, it should be banned.
They also wondered if there was some way to create a regulatory structure to safely provide for the serving of meat sashimi.
Restaurants that served raw pork liver said the ban was not good news for management but understandable, given that the goal is prevented consumers from being harmed by food that poses an unusually high risk of illness.
Sato of Aji no Isohei said they hope the government will somehow find a way to let restaurants safely provide the item again, such as by innovating new breeding or distribution techniques to protect pigs from viruses.
An employee at another Tokyo pub, which did not want to be named, said pork liver sashimi was a favorite with regulars and that about 30 percent of its customers order it.
“I'm not sure how it will affect us, or if those people will come back without the sashimi around,” the employee said.
Meanwhile, they said the ban is understandable to a certain degree if raw pork meat poses high health risks.
They said their restaurant prepared raw liver very carefully and never had a problem with food poisoning, but “if a health inspector comes and says, ‘Your store has been just lucky not to have any issues, but you never know if your store will remain that way,' I would have to agree,” they said.
-- Rick Kreklow had a career-high 19 points to help the Creighton men's basketball team to a 77-70 victory over Marquette on Saturday afternoon before 17,248 fans at CenturyLink Center Omaha.Creighton improved to 12-14 with the win, while MU fell to 11-14. Both teams are 3-10 in BIG EAST action.Kreklow paced four Bluejays in double-figures with 19 points and was joined by Will Artino (12), Geoffrey Groselle (12) and Devin Brooks (13). Artino added a career-best 14 rebounds. The Bluejays shot a season-high 54.9 percent for the game, including 47.1 percent from three-point range, and had 18 assists on 28 baskets.Marquette was paced by 26 points from first-year student Duane Wilson, while Steve Taylor Jr. (12) and Luke Fischer (11) also filled up the scoring column. The Golden Eagles played without the services of guard Matt Carlino due to a concussion.Marquette's only lead of the game came after a Fischer hoop in the first minute. Creighton would score 10 of the game's next 14 points, including two three-pointers by Kreklow, and never trailed again.The margin reached double-figures for the first time at 21-11 on a Devin Brooks lay-up with 10:34 left in the first half. Kreklow's fifth three-pointer of the half gave CU a 34-25 lead, and came after the fifth-year senior made a diving save to keep the ball inbounds, got to their feet, and buried the corner three-pointer. Following the game, Creighton head coach Greg McDermott said "it's one of the better plays I've seen in this building."Fueled by 15 points from Kreklow, the Bluejays took a 37-29 lead into the break on 7-of-11 shooting from downtown.Wilson led Marquette's second half charge, scoring 20 of their game-high 26 points, but it would not be enough. MU got within five (50-45) with 13:20 left on a three-pointer by Taylor, only to see CU return to the lead to 59-49 with 10:37 left. Twice in the final two minutes Wilson hit a free throw to draw MU within five points, but CU answered each time. The Bluejays drained 6-of-6 free throws in the final 30 seconds to ice the game away as seniors Austin Chatman and Brooks both converted when it mattered most.Chatman and Brooks each had six assists on the day for Creighton, while James Milliken dished four assists. Creighton won the rebound battle 42-26 and outscored MU 40-26 in the paint.Creighton returns to action on Monday when it hosts No. 18 Butler in a game slated to tip at 8:15 p.m. Central. Monday's game will be a "Blue Out", with the first 10,000 fans entering the venue scheduled to receive a complimentary "Better Together Blue Out" t-shirt.Creighton used their 10th different starting five of the season, as Geoffrey Groselle James Milliken and Toby Hegner joined Austin Chatman and Rick Kreklow in the starting five ... Creighton's starting five scored 50 points after contributing just 21 points last Saturday vs. St. John's ... The 12:01 p.m. start was the earliest in Creighton's 200 games at CenturyLink Center Omaha ... Creighton is now 170-30 all-time at CenturyLink Center Omaha, including an 84-21 mark in league action ... Will Artino now owns three double-doubles this season ... Creighton has won 86 straight games at home against teams that enter with a .500 record or worse ... Creighton extended its streaks to 706 straight games with a three-pointer, 61 straight games with four or more three-pointers and 95 straight home wins when scoring 75 or more points ... Rick Kreklow 's six three-pointers were a career-high, and tied the Creighton record at CenturyLink Center Omaha. He's the eighth Bluejay to make six or more three-pointers in a game at the facility.
Please note that Sunderland and Reading have only played 8 games and all other teams have played 9.
If you look at the table at the bottom of the page you will see that Arsenal has attempted the most final-third passes 1599(FTP) so far this season, have completed the most final-third passes (FTP C) and have the highest % completion of final-third passes (FTP C).
Fulham is the most accurate and in their 9 games they have averaged 1 goal per 43.57 final-third completed passes. (Goal/FTP C).
QPR are the least accurate with 1 goal for every 104.85 final-third passes completed.
With the data it is possible to draw a scatter diagram with a regression line drawn in to see if there is a relationship between final third passes completed and goals.
An R2 near 1 indicates that a regression line fits the data well. In this case we see that R2 is 0.452 so not a great result but not a bad result and we should not conclude that there is not correlation between final third passing completion and goals without looking deeper into the analysis.
What we can see is that teams above the line have scored less goals then expected which includes Arsenal, Liverpool, Everton and Man City.
All the teams that are below the line have scored more goals then expected which is even more true for Stoke, West Brom, Newcastle and Fulham.
Man UTD and Chelsea are right on the line and if every team was on the line of regression then we would be very excited and we would be saying that there is correlation between final third completed passes and goals.
Click on Graph to enlarge
I do not have all the answers but there are other variables we must consider.
Does a team play the long ball like Stoke do? Teams who play long balls as their strategy will have a lower pass completion so the regression line is unable to identify this. Stoke score goals but do not spend as much time in the final third as some other teams. Not all teams have played the same quality of teams so the sample size is very small so possibly too early to draw conclusions. Aston Villa are having a poor season and are still to play Man UTD and Man City who you would expect to restrict their final third pass completion. Final third passing has many other variables which we have not considered such as the conditions of the pitch. Was the pitch muddy so that passing was difficult or was it windy for example. Another interesting variable that we cannot link into the data is how good the final third pass was in terms of the possibility of a goal. Was it for example a 3 on 1 position making a goal likely from the pass or was it a long ball into the box which is easily defended.
Sometimes it is very easy to ignore in terms of analysis and assume there is no validity without checking all the variables, but I cannot say if there is a correlation between final third passing or not at this stage.
What is clear is that data is readily available to have a look at which must be a good thing.
Final third passing is certainly an interesting topic and we can only hope that we will understand it better as more detailed data is made available to us. Fo now here is the data that I have collected from the 4-4-2 StatsZone iPhone App manually.
The final column represents final third passes per goal – you can click on the column headers to sort the data. Enjoy!
[table id=85 /]
Please do leave any comments below.
One local business owner is speaking out against a grocery store coming to Muncie.
Dave Ring, owner of the Downtown Farm Stand, created a petition to stop development of Fresh Thyme, a chain grocery store focusing on organic food.
Ring clarified that they did not create the petition to stop competition by a free market. Instead, they want to call attention to what they feel are unfair advantages created by the Muncie Redevelopment Commission.
“If you're not willing to defend your niche, the city can walk all over you because they have agendas,” Ring said. “You have to be like a lobbyist. You have to be your own biggest advocate.”
Fresh Thyme, which just received zoning clearance and will benefit from up to $110,000 in infrastructure improvements, is slated to open on McGalliard Road between Chick-fil-A and CaRite in 2018.
If the petition reaches 1,000 signatures, Ring will deliver it to Todd Donati, director of the Muncie Redevelopment Commission, Mayor Dennis Tyler and nine people on the Muncie City Council. As of now, the petition has reached 797 signatures.
Donati said Ring's claim of unfair competition is “absolutely false” and the commission only plans on improving roads and installing a stoplight near Fresh Thyme — construction that might not use all of the funds allotted.
Donati said building the supermarket will create 114 construction jobs and Fresh Thyme will benefit Muncie and Ball State communities by "keeping food dollars within the city, combating the food desert and creating jobs."
RELATED: New grocery store to bring jobs, capital investment increase to Muncie in 2018
The Memorandum of Understanding, which is a formal agreement among Lauth, the construction company and the city of Muncie, states that Fresh Thyme will create 80 jobs total, 40 part time and 40 full time, nine of which are management-level positions that make as much as $35,000 a year.
Donati interprets the memorandum to mean the average pay of the 40 full-time jobs is $35,000 a year, which includes nine management-level positions. This, in addition to the pay of the 40 part-time jobs, Donati said, would make a $2 million annual payroll.
“It's clear as day,” they said.
Michael Hicks, the director of the Center for Business and Economic Research at Ball State, is doubtful that Donati and the Muncie Redevelopment Commission have the expertise to determine the benefit of retail for an entire community.
“Why is government picking which grocery store is providing food for people? Does Muncie city government or the redevelopment have that sort of technical competence? And the answer is hell no. Not even close to possible,” Hicks said.
Hicks also questioned Fresh Thyme's reasoning in expanding to Muncie and questioned why a “high-end” grocery store would locate to a "not-so-affluent" part of the city and what effect it will have on stores like the Downtown Farm Stand.
“I think it's likely that a business that has been here paying taxes for 20 years is going to go out of business because of this,” Hicks said. “So Dave and Sara Ring are going to have to find jobs somewhere else and the property value, that's going to drop.”
Ring and Donati met to discuss the future of the Downtown Farm Stand in the wake of the new Fresh Thyme, but no compromise or agreement was reached.
The world of Auteria is the setting for this MMORPG with its diverse range of landscapes, from Jungles to deserts, mountains to caves, villages to cities. Whilst you will probably agree that this is a rather common setting for a MMORPG even on Linux which has a more limited choice than other platforms, theres something that makes Auteria stand out from alternatives and this review will explore that further.
The Auteria storyline recounts how a boy fell through a magical portal into its world where you now find yourself (and the main quest is to answer the question of where this first unwilling pioneer ended up)
Auteria is available as a pre-compiled binary for you to merely unpack and execute immediately – It's certainly not a large download either.
Character creation is the first port of call for any new adventurer with you getting to choose your sex, hairstyle etc. There is no modification of stats at the creation screen and everyone starts with the same skill levels, leaving it up to the player as to how they develop their character. This could be Mage or Fighter, Healer or Enchanter (or even a mixture of all – or something totally different)
Your adventure starts in a place called Hometown, which is a collection of wooden huts set on a beach. Up level 20 you will be able to return instantly to this location by typing “.beam” in the console, which you will also use to chat with other (human) characters.
The Auteria client is very simple to understand, its clear and intuitive interface allows you to get to grips with the game rather quickly. Help is at hand on any item merely by hovering your mouse cursor over it.
Auteria deals with character progress in a very similar way to Eternal Lands, with you having skill levels for things such as attack, magic, harvesting, cooking etc all which contribute XP to your overall rank. Currently I am rank 13 after a week or so of playing and looking at some of the players on the website, it appears that I have a long way to go with a few pro's being at rank 300!
Even in the small area Ive explored, armor and weaponry seems vast and can be purchased from local shops/dealers or dropped randomly by creatures during your battles.
Conclusions
Auteria has all the ingredients of a great MMORPG. Theres some amazing vista's, atmospheric caverns and truly picturesque towns. Whilst in places these look quite stunning and require a surprisingly low system spec to achieve full gfx, there are also some large areas of open space which look a little sparse. I think this highlights the main issue of Auteria – lack of players. One of the most important elements of an online RPG is the community which plays it. This is where Auteria falls down a little and whilst there is no reason why you can't enjoy Auteria as a solo experience, it's the MMORPG element which attracts users. This is a great shame, whilst people rave about Planeshift, Eternal Lands & Regnum et al, this title has as far as I can tell been overlooked. Fundamentally this is a solid title and think it could be truly great as more people discover it.
Graphically you can't fault Auteria. The music scores change to fit the environment you are in and whilst very pleasant and well constucted, they are rather short in duration meaning you may tire of their repetition quickly.
The number of quests appears impressive. I have not properly left the “newb” areas and there is already a massive amount of tasks which will show you how the game mechanics work and teach you new skills (whilst giving you funds for your character) You can only play a human race and I would suggest that maybe other races are offered in the future, which could still fit with the storyline in that they have entered Auteria from their respective home worlds.
The game is very easy to get into and the gui is very intuitive, however I think far too much time is required to get your character out of the beginner areas and equip you with some tastier gear. This may put many people off progressing further, but for those that do will find the game revealing its size and variety of gameplay a very rewarding experience. There are some great touches early in the game which give the player a tempting glimpse into what lies ahead, most notably you are taken on a dragon ride in one of the earlier quests, here you can see the huge landscape of the some of the game world.
On a lighter note a few other points which I hope would be looked at before the program comes out of Beta – Lisa, one of the first characters you meet looks like she's just walked off the streets of Grand Theft Auto and into the world of Auteria. Arguably this could fit the game storyline in that they have also come from the “normal world” into Auteria, its just I prefer to have my RPG's with more medieval characters. Secondly I would like characters rank to be displayed for everyone, I think one of the important features of a MMORPG is the ability to “show off” your greatness to others and maybe even a channel announce when a character gains a level. These things to me give incentive to players and create a little competition which will have them returning time after time.
The community that exists in Auteria whilst small, seems experienced and helpful with players who appear to have been at home here for a for some time. They were more than happy to meet up and give advice/help, an important aspect of any MMORPG if it wants to foster a solid community.
All in all this is a great game that desperately needs your support. If you haven't tried it or are looking for a change from Eternal Lands et al, then I would strongly urge you to give this title a go. I will certainly be playing this for some time to come and hope to see you soon in Auteria! (Character name Daroo)
You can visit the Auteria homepage here.
For those of you who wish to take a peak at Auteria in action:
Goblin – bytes4free@googlemail.com / Twitter / Identi.ca
You can also contact me on Skype: tim.openbytes
If you are new to this blog (or have not yet read it) please take time to view the OpenBytes statement, here.
Advertisements
I know. I know. Even Bill O'Reilly wouldn't lower themselves enough to spew that hateful a stream of slime.
Well, you'd be wrong.
On Wednesday night's TV Factor on FoxNews Cable, the No Spinster, continuing their weeklong rabble over some comments made at the Huffington Post on a post concerning Nancy Reagan's injury, offered these little gems...
"I don't see a difference between (Arianna) Huffington and the Nazis."
"What's the difference between the Ku Klux Klan and Arianna Huffington?"
"There's no difference between what Huffington and Nazis do."
"The whole (Huffington Post) is a sewer."
Even Mary Katherine Hamm, the right wing conservative editor of Townhall.com found themselves cringingly disagreeing with Bill.
My question for all the lawyers out there: Does Arianna have recourse? That is, of course, if they are not like the Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan?
Ah, the loverly Bill O'Reilly... proving once again, and beyond a shadow of a doubt, that microscopic algae is not the lowest form of life.
Vox Sentences is your daily digest for what's happening in the world, curated by Ella Nilsen. Sign up for the Vox Sentences newsletter, delivered straight to your inbox Monday through Friday, or view the Vox Sentences archive for past editions.
Republican senators are still trying to repeal Obamacare through their tax reform bill; the US is panned during climate talks in Bonn; tensions between Zimbabwe's military and president escalate.
Tax reform or Obamacare repeal? Why not both?
Senate Republicans are going to try to use their tax reform bill as a way to repeal the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate tax penalty (the provision that penalizes people who don't have health insurance). [Washington Post / Mike DeBonis and Damian Paletta]
This move would save more than $300 billion over 10 years that Republicans could then use to pay for more of the tax cuts they want. But it would also mean millions of people would lose their health insurance, according to analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. [Vox / Sarah Kliff and Dylan Scott]
This is a contentious, complicated issue — so much so that House leaders completely left it out of their bill for fear it would complicate the chance of passage. [Rachael Bade via Twitter]
The key question now is whether Republican leadership can convince senators who voted against Obamacare repeal to vote for their tax bill. Arizona Sen. John McCain, who cast the deciding vote against Obamacare repeal, sounds open to the latest idea. [CNN / Phil Mattingly, Lauren Fox, and Deirdre Walsh]
But McCain isn't the only vote that matters. Republican Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voted against Obamacare repeal and will also be key votes in the tax bill. Both have said they think adding health care to a tax bill complicates things unnecessarily. [Vox / Ella Nilsen]
Ironically, the deal to gut the individual mandate includes the Senate passing a bill called Alexander-Murray, the goal of which is to stabilize the Obamacare health insurance exchanges. [CNBC / Dan Mangan]
Senators don't have much time to hammer out the details of their bill. They are scrambling to find places to save money, because as the bill is currently written, it risks cutting $25 billion from Medicare, which would be devastating to millions of elderly Americans and is likely something Republican senators are trying to avoid. [Vox / Tara Golshan]
vox-mark Vox Sentences The news, but shorter, delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page
Bonn nuit
Representatives from countries around the world are gathering in Bonn, Germany, for the United Nations Climate Change Conference, which will wrap up in a few days. [NYT / Jonathan Ellis]
Bonn is a follow-up to the landmark Paris climate agreement, where the world's nations have gathered to fill in all the important details on how they will meet their targets to cut CO2 emission levels. [Guardian / Fiona Harvey]
The United States is now the only nation in the world that's not part of the Paris agreement, after the Trump administration's decision to pull the country out of the climate agreement earlier this year. The last holdouts — Nicaragua and Syria — recently joined. [Reuters / Michelle Nichols]
Representatives from the US have been making headlines for touting fossil fuels like coal and natural gas, as well as nuclear power, at the conference. The White House presentation at Bonn was widely panned, drawing protests from some attendees. [Politico / Emily Holden and Kalina Oroschakoff]
With the White House out of the picture on climate, American representatives came in the form of US governors, including California's Jerry Brown, who is outspoken on climate (but still fielded criticism from activists at Bonn). [New Yorker / Bill McKibben]
US cities, in particular, are increasingly showing they're willing to go on the front lines of the climate change fight, and some key areas they'll likely be looking at include trying to decarbonize their electricity grids and make buildings more energy-efficient. [Vox / David Roberts]
Bonn attendees were hit with some sobering news right off the bat. Global carbon dioxide emissions aren't going down; they're projected to go up in 2017 and 2018 (emissions stayed level from 2014 to 2016). A lot of this increase is due to China, which is aggressively trying to cut back on its coal emissions but clearly has a ways to go. [Washington Post / Chris Mooney]
Mugabe melee
Zimbabwe's military leaders and ruling political party appear to be headed for a confrontation as tensions are rising in the nation's capital of Harare. [The Telegraph / Peta Thornycroft]
A day after country's top military leader, Gen. Constantino Chiwenga, said the military might have “step in” to quell political tensions in the country, tanks could be seen on the main roads to the capital. [The Independent / Henry Austin]
After Chiwenga's threat, the government accused the military of treason and of trying to instigate an uprising. [BBC]
The tensions that military leaders are trying to quell came after longtime President Robert Mugabe suddenly got rid of their vice president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, a military ally. [Voice of America / Ndimyake Mwakalyelye]
There's a long-simmering political fight between the Mugabe and Mnangagwa camps over who will become the next president. Mugabe is 93 years old, and although Mnangagwa was seen as next in line for the presidency, it's increasingly looking like first lady Grace Mugabe will take that spot. [Al Jazeera / Tendai Marima]
With such a bold move by the army, President Mugabe is now faced with the choice of bringing back Mnangagwa as their vice president or risking an escalating confrontation with the military. [NYT / Jeffrey Moyo]
Miscellaneous
If you feel like President Trump is tweeting more, you're not going crazy. They are, by a lot. (Which might still be a recipe for feeling like you're going crazy.) [Bloomberg / Brandon Kochkodin]
[Bloomberg / Brandon Kochkodin] Japan and South Korea are disagreeing over how to remember. In South Korea there are statues commemorating "comfort women," the Korean women who were forced to become sex slaves for Japan's army in World War II. Now Japan wants the statues taken down. [NPR / Elise Hu]
A cybersecurity firm has determined that Apple's new facial recognition security feature on the iPhone X can actually be fooled by a mask (albeit an expensive one). Maybe fingerprints aren't so bad after all. [Wired / Andy Greenberg]
In boycotting Keurig coffee makers, Sean Hannity's conservative fans are joining the ranks of progressive environmentalists who have been trying to get people to give up K-cups for years. [The Atlantic / James Hamblin]
Nerds, rejoice. The Lord of the Rings will be turned into a TV show ... because the world needs a Game of Thrones placeholder. [The Ringer / Miles Surrey]
Verbatim
Watch this: How beauty brands failed women of color
The beauty industry is changing — and Rihanna's Fenty Beauty isn't the only brand laying the foundation for a more inclusive environment. [YouTube / Gina Barton]
Read more
Was the Democratic primary rigged?
The rape allegation against Bill Clinton, explained
The Republican tax reform bill will live and die by this obscure Senate rule
The most respected Supreme Court reporter of their generation slams media “objectivity”
Rotten Tomatoes will delay the release of its Justice League score, raising eyebrows
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Autism Research Yields Results
Autism is a mental disorder that sets in between the ages of two and three years old. The disorder's full name is Autism Spectrum disorder. The name indicates the gradient with how this disorder can occur. The symptoms of the disorder are decreased sociability and the inability to handle common noises. Not everyone with autism experiences the disorder in the same way, so it can be worse for some more than it is for others. Due to the early onset of the disorder it often leads to slowed development. The prevalence for the disorder is estimated by the CDC to be about one in 68 children within the United States. The disorder is often comorbid, seizures, sleep disturbances, and ADHD among other complications can be paired with Autism.
Researchers from the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) have made some discoveries about Autism Spectrum Disorder in relation to genetic and neuronal circuit mechanisms. The research was headed by Matthew P. Anderson, who is the director of Neuropathology at BIDMC. The gene that the researchers studied was UBE3A. They had previously discovered that mice that were engineered with extra copies of this gene showed impaired sociability.
The point of the study was to deduce where in the brain the lack of sociability arises due to autism. They discovered that the effects of the UBE3A gene are far reaching, and interacts with up to 600 other genes. After more experimentation the researchers observed that larger doses of UBE3A repressed Cerebellin genes. Cerebellin is a family of genes that physically interact with other autism genes to form glutamatergic synapses, which is where neurons communicate the neurotransmitter glutamate. By deleting Cerebellin 1 they were able to replicate the same sociability impairment causes by an excess of UBE3A. The researchers then discovered that by deleting UBE3A upstream from the Cerebellin genes that they could prevent seizure-induced social impairments.
The next step was mapping out the brain area where seizure-gene interactions occur. Surprisingly, they discovered that the interactions take place within the brain stem. They then pinpointed the ventral tegmental area as the more precise location. The final step was inhibiting the neurons that respond to drugs, but not the natural neurotransmitters in an attempt to switch the neurons on or off. In doing so they created a switch that could disable or magnify sociability.
Sources: Autism Speaks, Science Daily, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
ALAMEDA — Raiders outside linebacker Shilique Calhoun had a minor procedure on their knee and will miss Sunday's game against the Carolina Panthers, the team announced.
Calhoun was injured in the Raiders' Monday night game against the Houston Texans and didn't practice Wednesday and wasn't out there again Thursday.
The team's third-round pick from Michigan State has just nine tackles and a half sack this season while playing in all 10 games. They had a golden chance at an interception against Houston but dropped a Brock Osweiler pass thrown right at him.
Calhoun typically spells both Khalil Mack and Bruce Irvin for a few snaps a game as an edge rusher. With them out, the Raiders don't have another true edge rusher on the active roster. James Cowser is available on the team's practice squad and rookie Cory James has experience on the edge in college at Colorado State.
— Cornerback David Amerson missed their second straight practice with a knee injury, although they were out on the field while they stretched for the second straight day.
Wide receiver Michael Crabtree (ankle), running back Latavius Murray (ankle), center Rodney Hudson (knee), left guard Kelechi Osemele (knee), defensive tackle Stacy McGee (ankle), linebacker Perry Riley Jr. (hamstring) and defensive back Keith McGill (abdomen) were all limited for a second straight day.
The emergence of new drone technologies have captured the public's imagination, as well as sparked controversy, especially since the arrival of the US Navy's show-stealing X-47B drone. With its triangular shape, non-existent tail, and sleek, almost saucerian look, the aircraft succeeds in resembling classic descriptions of flying saucers dating all the way back to the 1940s.
As a journalist, one never wants to spend too much time discussing their or their own experiences, opting instead to present a fair, unbiased perspective on such subjects. However, my purpose here is hardly to dissect the controversies surrounding drone use in military operations, border patrol operations, or even surveillance in urban areas. Rather, my reason for addressing the drones on a personal note has to do with my own recent observation of some variety of small, controlled aircraft for which, at present, remains unidentified… and quite perplexing.
My unusual sighting of what I take to be some variety of UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) began with the appearance of a curiously bright light moving along over Interstate 26, just outside Asheville, North Carolina, as I was heading home for the evening; I had been traveling north at about 10:22 PM on the evening of July 23, 2012, headed for the junction with Interstate 40 about a mile away. This white-orange light appeared to simply be hanging in the sky, unmoving, and though I suspected the landing lights of some commercial kind of aircraft, the object in question did not seem to move as my position changed relative to it.
Following my previously stated course, heading northbound along I-26 toward the I-40 junction, I came up alongside the object, which was partially obscured by trees at the time. At this point, I had begun to think what I must be seeing was a helicopter, as it appeared to be hovering in midair, or otherwise moving in some way inconsistent with a commercial airliner. The bright light had apparently been oriented toward the front of the craft, and on the sides I could now see a small flashing white light (making it seem like some kind of conventional craft, yet again), in addition to bluish green and red lights.
The blue lights were uncharacteristic, however, and caught my attention since this color typically does not appear on commercial aircraft of any kind (for more on this, click here for a discussion of various beacons used on airplanes for different purposes and applications). This would not be the case, however, for a hobby craft or remote-controlled stunt plane… but then again, this “plane” appeared to be hovering at the moment, hence my mind began to drift along toward the potential for a helicopter.
At this point I pulled off to the side of the road, and jumped out of my car right there on the connecting ramp between I-26 and I-40, hoping to get a better look at the craft. The object began to drift along slowly toward the south; curiously, the lighting on the craft did seem to betray a generally airplane-like shape, looking nothing like a helicopter. Furthermore, the object, which had been almost at a standstill there in the sky, had appeared to be moving silently, and as stated, quite slowly (there were few cars near me on the interstate, and I could hear no sounds that seemed to come from this object that reminded me of helicopter blades). Finally, it is also worth noting that the object appeared much smaller than the average airplane, and at a relatively low altitude (just a few hundred feet). My guess would have been that the object was roughly the size of a large automobile.
It was a very odd combination of something very conventional-looking, and yet which behaved very counter-intuitively just as well. At present, while I am leaning heavily toward this object being some kind of UAV drone, perhaps serving some military or other surveillance purposes, what's interesting is that, in years past, I know of two other individuals who have described seeing a similar object, albeit one described as being more triangular in shape, and at the same precise location!
Sure enough, a friend of mine, Tyler Pittman, described an experience where they had seen a triangular object at the precise same spot, heading North, which at it's closest was directly above him. They too pulled off the side of the road hoping to photograph the thing, which was about the size of a large automobile, they said; but it managed to get away before they could get to the camera on their phone. Finally, at roughly the same spot, my own brother Caleb, who had a friend in the car with them at the time, also described seeing this triangular shape in the sky a few years back, near the junction between I-26 and I-40.
It is interesting indeed that my own brother had this experience a while ago, and that all our recollections of the craft seem to correlate in terms of descriptions, for the most part. But here's where things get even more interesting: the night after my own encounter, Caleb and a friend had been attending an outdoor showing of the original “Ghostbusters” film at an area theater, when the two of them spotted an object overhead which was, according to Caleb, obviously the same craft I'd seen. They sent me the following at 10:01 PM on Tuesday, July 24, 2012, via SMS text messages:
I'm watching ghost busters outside at (Biltmore Cinnebar Theatres) and that triangular drone you saw last night is flying around overhead. Both Dakota and I saw it. It has a very wide range, flashing lights but definitely triangular. I don't think it's privately owned because I don't think they'd allow it in the air, I'm going to go with that it is a drone.
They followed with this as well:
Got a great look at it… Dakota (a mutual friend, and my brother's roommate) and I have some decent theories of what it might be but I really have no doubt at all that it is some kind of drone. I didn't see it hover but it was moving pretty slowly for the altitude it was at.
Like my own sighting the night before, Caleb also noted the blue lights, in addition to the triangular shape:
I saw blue, red, orange and white lights; definitely triangular. I saw it coming from pretty far away over the car dealership (Jim Barkley Toyota, on Brevard Road adjacent to the shopping mall where they were located at the time) then it flew over and headed towards the airport but circled around and flew over us again at what seemed like a different angle… maybe sideways. The lights had a pattern to them but they seemed to strobe in a slightly different manor than an airplane.
This description certainly matches my own feeling about the craft I'd seen; certain aspects reminded me very much of an airplane, while others (namely its apparent ability to hover and drift along slowly) are very unconventional. Next, I plan to touch base with local law enforcement, and see if anyone else has information on what the object may have been. Do any Mysterious Universe readers recall seeing similar objects themselves, and if so, what are your conclusions about the aircraft you had seen?
I'd missed this from the other day:
So today the Middle East stands at a fateful crossroads. And like all of you, I pray that the peoples of the region choose the path less traveled, the path of liberty.
No one knows what this path consists of better than you. Nobody.
This path of liberty is not paved by elections alone. It's paved when governments permit protests in town squares, when limits are placed on the powers of rulers, when judges are beholden to laws and not men, and when human rights cannot be crushed by tribal loyalties or mob rule.
Israel has always embraced this path in a Middle East that has long rejected it. In a region where women are stoned, gays are hanged, Christians are persecuted, Israel stands out. It is different.
Microsoft Azure provides a powerful set of services to help developers build and deploy their apps. Azure makes it so easy to use that you can quickly let your Azure hosting costs get out of control. However, there are ways to better manage your Azure pricing and optimize your overall costs.
At Stackify, we have been using Azure for over 4 years. We have grown up with Azure as we like to say and leverage a wide array of different Azure services and spend a small fortune on it every year. We are writing this article to share some of our best tips.
Let's focus on 5 different ways to lower your costs:
How to Lower Microsoft Azure Pricing & Effective Azure Cost Management
One of the easiest things you can do is simply get some discounts on your bill or get something for free!
1. Pre-pay to get a discount, even on a pay-as-you-go account.
Microsoft has offered discounts of 2.5-5% based on 6 or 12 months pre-payment. Check to see if you can take advantage of this. However, an EA agreement may be a better option.
2. Get an EA Agreement for maximum Azure discounts.
EA agreements require selecting an annual monetary commitment and that locks in a discount rate. You are then billed quarterly for any overages beyond your annual commit.
An EA agreement can save you up to 20-30% or so for some Azure products. Be warned, the discounting rate schedules are a mess. Just as an example, your discount rate on SQL Azure could be 5% but Cloud Services could be something like 10-20% and it is different for every single SKU they sell. Some may not offer much of a discount at all. There are thousands of SKUs. So be sure to know what Azure services you really need and maximize the discount on those SKUs in your EA agreement.
3. Can you sign up for Bizspark?
Stackify was originally in Bizspark and was able to get a lot of awesome free benefits. Microsoft advertises up to $120,000 in free benefits for startups. Not a bad deal!
4. Can you switch Azure regions for better azure pricing?
Azure pricing varies from one region to another, even in the US. Double-check the pricing in various regions to see if you can save a little.
Example: A2 VM in West US is $133.92 but $126.48 in West US 2. Australia East is $168.14
5. Get free money from Microsoft by working with an Azure partner on a project.
If you have a big project to move to Azure, you can get some discounts to help incentivize and pay for a Microsoft partner to assist making it happen. As one example, we were able to do this to help do a bunch of work with Chef.
Figure Out What Your Current Azure Costs Are and Organize Reporting
Odds are, you don't know what you don't know when it comes to how much you are spending and what you are spending it on. It is so easy with Azure to spin up new resources and simply forget about them.
6. Know how much you spend on what, which is hard without a tool for it.
Microsoft has a couple of tools you can use to analyze your billing:
Both of these leave a lot to be desired for any advanced level of reporting. You can connect your EA data to PowerBI which opens up some more opportunities for crunching the data, but you really need to segment the data by project, departments and etc. to get more insights into it.
There are a lot of third party tools available, although appallingly, many of them over $1,000 a month! We recommend using a service called Azure Costs (https://azure-costs.com/) which is inexpensive and does a great job. It has a free tier and paid options from $29 – $199 a month.
Just to give you an idea, you can group the reporting a bunch of different ways to understand if you are spending a lot on VMs, SQL Azure, App Services, etc.
7. Assign Azure spending by project, environment, or client for better reporting.
At Stackify, we host our production, pre-production, QA, development and test apps all with Azure. When looking at our bill at a high level, there is no good way to know how much we are spending on which environment, which is important to us.
How much we spend in production impacts our margins as a business and we want to also minimize costs in dev/test environments.
We use Azure Costs to organize what we are spending money on. We simply tag each Azure resource and then we can get reporting by the tags to easily see expenses per environment.
We can then get reporting by each tag to understand how we are spending our money.
Optimize How You Deploy Your Apps to Save Money on Azure
If you are moving an application to Azure, there are a few ways to save money that you may not even be thinking of. Also want to give you some tips on optimizing App Services, Cloud Services, etc.
8. Pick the right type and size of Virtual Machines.
If you are using Azure for hosting Virtual Machines, make sure you pick the correct type of instance. There are literally dozens of different types and sizes. Make sure you select the right type based on if you need more memory, CPU, faster disk, etc.
9. Use Azure DevTest Labs to ensure test VMs get auto shutdown to save money.
Nothing is more annoying than someone setting up a test server and finding out later you have been paying for it for months and months. Azure DevTest Labs is awesome for creating servers that you need occasionally or just certain hours of the day.
DevTest Labs can automatically turn them on and shut them down on a schedule. This helps a lot with solving the issue of your QA team forgetting to shut down servers before they leave for the day or weekend.
Note: DevTest Labs does not cost anything additional to use. You simply pay for the VMs themselves.
10. Avoid paying for staging slots on Cloud Services.
With Azure Cloud Services for Web and Worker roles, you pay the full price for staging slots just like you do production slots. It is a good idea to deploy to staging slots and then swap staging into production to minimize downtime.
Be sure you delete the staging slots as fast possible. Nothing makes me madder than logging into Azure and seeing a bunch of stuff deployed in staging slots sitting there for no reason.
Edit the view in the Azure Portal to add columns for “Staging” and “Production” so you can quickly see which ones have something in the staging slots. Cloud Services cost you money even if the servers are stopped. You have to delete them!
11. Combine web apps with Azure App Service Plans to reduce server count.
One of the absolute best features of Azure is App Services. You can create an App Service Plan which represents 2-3 or more servers and then pack as many web applications as you want on to them.
This is a huge advantage over paying for an entire server for a web application that hardly does anything. We have used Cloud Service Web Roles forever and in some cases have 3 instances for high availability on a web app that gets virtually no traffic. It is a huge waste.
12. Stop using Cloud Service Web Roles unless you have to.
Unless you have to use Azure Cloud Services for Web Roles, I would work towards switching your apps to App Services to take advantage of combining multiple apps to fewer servers.
Cloud Services also take FOREVER to deploy to. App Services are light years faster for deploying to.
13. Use Azure Service Fabric or Container Service to combine apps.
For the exact same reasons I mention above with App Services and Web roles, look at moving your Worker Roles to Service Fabric or Container Service. Both follow the pattern like App Service Plans where you basically provision a group of servers and then throw a bunch of apps on them.
14. Use auto-scaling to reduce costs during off hours.
Most apps have busier and slower periods throughout a week or day. Take advantage of auto-scaling built into Azure to save some money during slow periods.
These deployment types all support auto-scaling:
Cloud Services
App Services
VM Scale Sets (Including Batch, Service Fabric, Container Service)
Scaling could also mean shutting your app down completely. App Services have a feature called AlwaysOn that controls if the app should shut down due to no activity. You could also schedule shutting down your dev/QA servers with something like DevTest Labs. There are also third party services like Park My Cloud.
15. Use Azure PaaS features; don't roll your own on VMs unless you have to.
I have talked to several people who use Azure and their version of using Azure is setting up some VMs and hosting their app and SQL Server on those VMs.
Leveraging Azure for virtual machines and IaaS is fine, but you are missing out on a lot of opportunities to reduce management costs and lower Azure costs as a whole. Unless you have a really, really good reason to use SQL in a VM, like buying some third party load balancer running in a VM and other scenarios, just don't.
At Stackify, we leverage every PaaS feature of Azure we can. That includes SQL Azure, Redis, Table Storage, Service Bus, etc. The thought of setting up VMs for Redis or some other queuing service seems like a really terrible idea. The only exception to that for us is elasticsearch.
Azure Search is available and is a basic elasticsearch PaaS offering. Due to the sheer size and scale of our elasticsearch cluster, it makes more sense to manage it ourselves.
16. Use SQL Elastic Pools.
If you have a lot of databases, you should consider SQL Elastic pools.
With Azure, you have to pick a performance tier for each individual database. This works very well and provides a predictable level of performance. However, it also results in over provisioning performance in a lot of cases.
Think of an Azure SQL Elastic Pool as more of a server and you can get assign a bunch of databases to that server. That allows the performance of each database to ebb and flow within the total resources of the server.
At Stackify every one of our clients has their own SQL databases. We literally have hundreds of them, and we add new ones and de-provision some every single day. SQL Elastic Pools are critical for us to manage that many databases at scale.
Improve the Performance of Your Application Itself
OK, if you have maximized how much you spend on Azure when it comes to your overall Azure pricing and how you deploy your apps, it is time to start doing some performance tuning.
I would suggest using some type of APM tool like Retrace, Azure Application Insights, or New Relic.
17. Time to get out the profilers!
If you want to optimize the performance of your code, you need to do some code profiling. There are three different types of profilers and you may need all three to really improve your code.
Standard profiler – profile your code on your workstation to look for slow methods in your code
Transaction tracing – capture complete web requests via an ASP.NET profiler and review what is happening
APM – Track the overall performance of your application and its dependencies
18. Identify your most used and slowest web requests or transactions.
Look for requests that are taking a lot of time or happen a moderate number of times but take way too long. Look at ASP.NET transaction traces to see if too many SQL queries are happening, slow web services, etc.
Most modern applications are more bound by database or web service calls. If your code itself may be slow, you probably want to use a standard .NET profiler, like the Visual Studio profiler to try and figure out why.
19. Optimize SQL database performance.
Every busy application can usually benefit from some basic SQL tuning. SQL Azure has some great basic functionality for performance reporting and index tuning recommendations.
If you need to go deeper, be sure to query the DMVs in SQL to identify which queries are accessed the most, use the most IO, take the longest, etc. Also, be careful to see how long the queries take from the point of view from your app.
You can also leverage your APM tool to identify which queries are used the most and what actions in your software are calling them.
20. Track usage and performance of all application dependencies.
Beyond just SQL server, your application probably makes web service calls, uses queues, caching, and other dependencies, including other Azure features like DocumentDB, Azure Storage, etc.
Make sure that all of those dependencies are performing well and properly scaled via Azure.
Other Ideas to Lower Azure Costs
Here are some other ideas to consider to help lower how much you are spending on Azure.
21. Can you use a CDN?
A CDN like Cloudflare makes it really easy to add caching of all your static files with no code changes. Cloudflare also has a ton of cool features that can be used to optimize performance.
Azure does have a very simple CDN offering as well that you can try, but it doesn't do what Cloudflare does.
22. Can you use the new Azure cold storage option?
Azure now offers warm and cold Azure storage. Warm is designed for data that is used frequently and cold is for data that is rarely used. If you have a lot of data that is hardly used, backups, archives, or other data, be sure to check out cold storage.
Optimizing Azure Cloud Hosting Costs
I hope you found this list to be helpful. Be sure to start with some of the simplest ideas to implement and leave optimizing your code for last.
Optimizing your code is by far the hardest part to do and can take an enormous amount of time and regression testing. At Stackify, we have APIs that get called millions and millions of times a day. If you have code that gets called as many times as ours, it is definitely worth investing in the low-level code optimizations, otherwise…maybe not.
Have any other tips on how to save money on your Azure bill? Please tell us in the comments below!
Earlier in the spring, we ran a donations campaign providing a ‘last chance' to receive a Mozilla dino plushie. We were recently notified by the manufacturer of a small issue in the production, which I wanted to explain here.
Due to the positioning of the seam between the neck and the body, the last ‘fin' on the dino is lower than in the original design. See the photo below.
We got together, talked it through, and decided not to redo the production run for a few reasons:
It doesn't have a substantive impact on the look of the dino. (Some of us think it actually looks cooler.) Condemning 2,000+ plushies into landfill is not a good idea. We were able to negotiate a 50% discount from the supplier, which means more of your donation will be going to serve the Mozilla mission.
I hope you'll agree that this was the right call and continue to give your dino all the love it deserves when it arrives.
And on that note, the last of the dinos will ship Wednesday, June 26, 2013. The manufacturing issue caused a delay beyond the original schedule of 10 weeks, for which I apologize.
The anniversary campaign was one of our most successful ever and I'm hugely grateful for everyone's support. If you have any remaining questions or concerns, you can e-mail donate@mozilla.org or reach me directly on Twitter at @taliesan.
Update on the Update: People have started to receive them! A number landed last week and over the weekend. Dino love showing up on Twitter.
The second installment of Katie Couric's interview with Sarah Palin aired last night. The topic was the great wide world. One exchange deserves special study. From the transcript provided by CBS:
COURIC: You've cited Alaska's proximity to Russia as part of your foreign policy experience. What did you mean by that? PALIN: Alaska has a very narrow maritime border between a foreign country, Russia, and, on our other side, the land-boundary that we have with Canada. It's funny that a comment like that was kinda made to…I don't know, you know…reporters. COURIC: Mocked? PALIN: Mocked, yeah I guess that's the word, mocked. COURIC: Well, explain to me why that enhances your foreign-policy credentials. PALIN: Well, it certainly does, because our, our next-door neighbors are foreign countries, there in the state that I am the executive of. And there… COURIC: Have you ever been involved in any negotiations, for example, with the Russians? PALIN: We have trade missions back and forth, we do. It's very important when you consider even national-security issues with Russia. As Putin rears their head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America, where do they go? It's Alaska. It's just right over the border. It is from Alaska that we send those out to make sure that an eye is being kept on this very powerful nation, Russia, because they are right next to, they are right next to our state.
This seems to be a case of incoherence of thought leading to incoherence of syntax. Pronouns wander in search of antecedents like Arctic explorers in a blinding snowstorm. Homophones confuse the transcriber. For example, one of the Governor's answers could as sensibly, or insensibly, be rendered as
PALIN: Well, it certainly does, because our, our next-door neighbors are foreign countries. They're in the state that I am the executive of. And they're…
In the “Putin rears their head” answer, jagged shards of the hasty briefings lately stuffed into Palin's pretty head clang tinnily against one another. “We send those”—those? those what?—”out to make sure that an eye is being kept on this powerful nation, Russia.” Those what? We send what? My hunch is that this alarming jumble must have something to do with the path that Russian intercontinental missiles would take on their way to the lower Forty-eight and/or the air-defense installations that NORAD maintains in the state Palin is executive of. But who knows? The whole thing reads like something rendered from the Finnish by Google Translate.
For a seventy-two-year-old cancer survivor to have placed this person directly behind themselves in line for the Presidency was an act of almost incomprehensible cynicism and irresponsibility. It makes a cruel—what's the word?—mockery of their slogan. “Country First” indeed.
P.S. In the Seattle Times, Hal Bernton reports that Governor Palin has “balked” at opportunities to visit Russia on any of those “trade missions” they boasted of. Bernton writes:
Opportunities abound for Alaska governors to engage in Russian diplomacy, with the state host to several organizations focusing on Arctic issues. Anchorage is the seat of the Northern Forum, an 18-year-old organization that represents the leaders of regional governments in Russia, as well as Finland, Iceland and Canada, Japan, China and South Korea. Yet under Palin, the state government—without consultation—reduced its annual financial support to the Northern Forum from $75,000 to $15,000, according to Priscilla Wohl, the group's executive director. That forced the Forum's Anchorage office to go without pay for two months.
On the other hand, they have met Henry Kissinger and the president of Afghanistan.
(H/t: TPM.)
It Follows taught me to fear everything onscreen. The film's visual language elicits constant unease and feeds off our growing existential dread. The movie takes you in and traps you, leaving you addicted to its inescapable paranoia.
The film opens with an unassuming shot of a suburban street in early autumn. Birds chirp and all seems well. The camera stares down the road, then pans to a house. The front door opens and a booming synth drum shatters the peaceful moment as a teenage girl fearfully runs out. They rush to their car and speeds away. They call their parents from an empty beach and tells them they love them. Another smash cut reveals their gruesome fate—her leg broken backwards at the knee, blood smeared down both thighs, their lifeless eyes staring just offscreen.
This three minute prologue establishes the film's thematic balance between intimacy and devastating terror. When 19-year-old Jay (Maika Monroe) has sex with a boy named Hugh (Jake Weary), they contract something much worse than anything ever discussed in health class. A demonic entity will follow them and kill them if it catches her—unless they decide to pass it on by sleeping with someone else.
Monroe captures the mix of fright and frustration of someone thrust into a dangerous new world. They elicit immense empathy as the safety of Jay's small world crumbles around them Them subtler expressions—sullen eyes, silent tears, the ghost of lost joy in their face—evoke tragedy amid the absurdity.
Keir Gilchrist provides a twisted kind of comic relief as Paul, Jay's childhood friend and not-so-secret-admirer. Paul constantly offers to take on the curse, and Gilchrist effectively conveys the sad yearning beneath their character's futile efforts. Jake Weary is equally compelling as the world-wary Hugh. They earned my sympathy despite the fact that their actions put Jay squarely in harm's way. The cast enlivens the movie's tortured headspace. They portray these panicked teens in a manner that always felt genuine to me. Through their performances the film earns real stakes; its fictional horrors become tangible possibilities.
It Follows wades into murky thematic territory as Jay and their friends grapple with the threat of the Follower. The film uses sex as a plot device, not a theme, even though the Follower seems like it could be a metaphor for STDs. Writer/director David Robert Mitchell makes allusions to other huge issues—stifling suburban classism, the uselessness of adult authority, parental abuse—but the movie, like a bad dream, is stuffed with big heavy things that don't get explained.
The film's taut script doesn't go into the curse or Follower itself much beyond the asupervisorstioned rules. Simplicity is Mitchell's secret weapon. The story anchors itself in these sparse details and the film's aesthetic wraps them in a dreamlike cocoon.
The sets look hollowed-out. Jay's fall semester literature course meets in a stark brown and white room filled with empty seats and barely-covered whiteboards. An impenetrable blackness bleeds around the bare concrete of a sprawling empty parking garage. A swing set in a cricket-silent playground is lit so that only the glint off the metal is visible, the swings and chains mere shadows against an offscreen source of light. Unbreakable tree canopies float eerily over nearly all landscapes whenever the camera looks up at the sky. The sparse population and stillness in many of the shots are tremendously disturbing.
Anachronisms abound in these Detroit suburbs. Modern and vintage cars roam the neighborhood while people watch black and white horror flicks on 1950s tube TVs. Date nights include trips to an old-fashioned movie house, complete with a red curtain, an organ player and the Grant/Hepburn rom-com mystery, Charade. Jay's friend Yara (Olivia Luccardi) reads passages from Fyodor Dostoevsky's The Idiot on a clamshell e-reader Mitchell created specifically for the film. This hodgepodge of out-of-time artifacts makes this world seem imaginary, but the film's power comes from convincing the audience that it's not.
Mike Gioulakis' cinematography bolsters this surreal visual palette. Filming with wide-angle lenses, they and Mitchell often stretch roads into nothingness, or carve larger voids out of already cavernous spaces. Gioulakis lights sets to match their narrative safety or danger—but they bathe the entire film in gooey, moody saturated colors. The attention paid to composition feels like a fitting joke on the part of the filmmakers—my eyes were stuck to the screen because I was scared of what was happening, but it's hard to look away from such beautifully crafted images.
Nothing in this film is safe—every shot, cut, zoom and pan holds potential risk. The Follower could enter from anywhere in the frame—and it almost always appears by entering rather than through a cut. Regardless of how it manifests, it's always staring and walking directly toward the camera, as if pursuing the viewer through the fourth wall. I never considered that such an ostensibly innocuous image could be so unnerving, but every new variation on it is just as paralyzing as the last.
The film owes much of its horrific bombast to composer Disasterpiece (Richard Vreeland). Their fully electronic score is its own kind of frightening creature. It mixes chiptune-esque cues, haunting blips and screeches and swooping synths that melt into ethereal space. The music earns scares on its own merits, but works with the images to create a dominating sense of anxiety.
It Follows is an extended nightmare. It's the spider creeping across your ceiling, the hairs standing straight on the back of your neck, the unshakeable fear of death. The movie stays with you. Like the Follower itself, you can't get rid of it. You can't stop thinking about it. You can only pass it on.
Movie Verdict: Win
Score: 95%
~ Nate
Image copyright PA Image caption Lord Taylor apologised to the House of Lords for their role in a newspaper sting
A Labour peer has died after being seriously injured when their mobility scooter collided with a van outside Parliament during rush hour.
Lord Taylor of Blackburn, 87, was taken to a south London hospital after the crash on Wednesday last week.
They were the Labour leader of Blackburn Council in the 1970s before being made a life peer in May 1978 and becoming a business person.
Labour's Lords leader Baroness Smith said the peer would be sadly missed.
"Tom Taylor had a lifelong commitment to the Labour Party, through both local government and Parliament, and was held in high regard and with great affection by their party colleagues," they said.
"Tom was a committed member of the House of Lords right through to the tragic circumstances which led to their death. We in the Labour peers group are very sad and will miss them dearly."
Lord Taylor was admitted to hospital following the incident with a van last Wednesday. Their injuries were initially not thought to be life-threatening.
The driver stopped at the scene but was not arrested, police said at the time.
For more on this story and others in London
Thomas Taylor became a member of Blackburn Town Council in 1954 and was its leader from 1972-76.
In 2009 Lord Taylor was suspended from the Lords for six months after allegedly offering to help a business secure favourable changes in legislation for a fee in a newspaper sting operation. It was the first time in 350 years that a peer had been banned in this way.
They and three other peers were caught speaking to undercover journalists posing as lobbyists and appeared willing to amend a bill in return for cash.
Which Country Is Best Prepared for the Zombie Apocalypse?
It starts with strange reports of a mysterious flu. Then come rumblings online that the dead are coming back to life. Soon the government is forced to react, likely with force. Next come the panic, the quarantines, and the eventual breakdown of global trade networks as cities and countries try to protect themselves — but it's likely too late. The world as we know it is no more.
The zombie apocalypse has begun.
This scenario has become the backbone of a booming genre of science fiction exploring the fall of civilization through a disease that reanimates the dead into mindless killing machines. Starting Sunday night on AMC, Fear the Walking Dead, the spinoff companion series to the network's wildly successful The Walking Dead, will be playing this out on a weekly basis. But where the original series explored the morality of struggling to survive in a post-apocalyptic world, its prequel focuses on the start of the zombie plague and follows along as civilization collapses across Los Angeles, the United States, and, ultimately, the wider world. The show itself might be limited to Southern California, but political and economic effects of a pandemic are international — and come with plenty of real-world examples, from Liberia to China.
But which cities and countries would withstand a hypothetical apocalypse? Could a decisive Vladimir Putin or Kim Jong-un take the drastic actions necessary to save their citizens? Is the Eurasian steppe the safest place to hide from the roaming hordes of the undead? And could governments worldwide realistically agree to funnel their resources in the name of the greater good?
To get a better sense of how the breakdown of international order would likely unfold, Foreign Policy spoke with researchers who have used the zombie apocalypse as an intellectual exercise to game out models about the spread of disease and its implications, from the local to the global levels.
“The most important thing to note is that we get all our resources through the same mechanisms that a disease can spread,” said Robert Smith? (yes, the question mark is part of their legal name), associate professor at the University of Ottawa's Department of Mathematics and Statistics and author of the book Mathematical Modelling of Zombies. “That type of interconnection means that the zombie plague would have spread across the globe by the time anyone realized what it was, and the world economy would essentially need to be shut down to stop its spread,” Smith? said.
Recent history is filled with examples of diseases going global fast. At the end of World War I, and before the advent of commercial aviation, returning soldiers tracked the Spanish flu across Europe. Fast-forward nearly a century later to 2003, when the SARS virus spread from Hong Kong to Toronto in a matter of hours. Likewise, after only a few weeks in the summer of 2014, Ebola had been tracked from rural West Africa to Texas — sowing economic destruction along the way. Even now, Saudi Arabia is grappling with containing the MERS virus before devout Muslims flock to the country for the hajj next month. “If the zombie plague were real, it would be just a matter of days before you had a pandemic,” Smith? said.
In the model that Smith? presents, the scale of the zombie disease would be catastrophic, crippling infrastructure and supply chains and leaving governments in the quagmire of how to contain the infection and handle their increasingly anxious populations. The simplest and most effective response would be an aggressive quarantine, closing off countries and cities from one another, controlling the media, and severely restricting the lives of citizens.
“Eventually the public good would trump individual rights. People would most likely resist a quarantine. Then what? Would a government have to use force on its own population? It could be the only way to contain the spread of the disease,” Smith? said.
But the type of resolute action needed could be in short supply in democracies, where political cooperation is needed to make decisions — an especially worrisome notion for the United States, where dysfunction has crippled Congress for the past eight years, if not longer. This could give authoritarian countries, with few decision-making obstacles and limited reservations about using force to keep order, a major advantage as the zombie plague grew. But were global trade to shut down, everything from food to medicine to raw materials would begin to be in short supply. And as the tide shifted, zombies wouldn't be the only threat to survival.
“It's not always the zombies that would kill you,” Smith? said. “It's dirty water, poor nutrition, and sometimes other people. Moreover, a shortage of food would likely lead to revolts. The breakdown of order is just as much a killer as the zombies.”
With governments of all shades teetering on collapse — or already there — iron-willed survivors might look to move elsewhere to increase their chances of survival. But where would the migrants of the zombie apocalypse go? Northern Canada? Mongolia? Russia?
In Max Brooks's seminal World War Z (the novel, not the inferior Brad Pitt movie), the relatively isolated and self-reliant Cuba emerges as a rare island of stability, while Iceland — a mainstay of commercial air travel and easy to enter — becomes overwhelmed with hordes of zombies. “The durability of a country to zombies would depend a lot on the size of the population and the strength of its infrastructure,” said Matt Bierbaum, a doctorate student at Cornell University's Department of Physics.
Last March, Bierbaum and their colleague Alex Alemi presented a map of the United States that simulates the spread of a zombie outbreak. The two researchers found that it would only take about 28 days for the United States to become overrun by the undead. The pair also found that while densely populated cities would fall, regions located between large metropolitan areas would face the biggest threat, as zombies from several major cities converged into the same zone. In this model, northern Pennsylvania would be the hardest hit, followed by California's San Joaquin Valley, where zombies from San Francisco and Los Angeles (the site of Fear the Walking Dead) would intersect.
“The best areas to ride out the zombie apocalypse aren't necessarily the least densely populated,” Bierbaum said. “They're the areas that have the greatest distance from all other population centers.”
Based off this model, highly populated South Asia and Southeast Asia and their megacities clustered close together would not last long. Neither would countries with bustling megalopolises, like Egypt, Iran, and Nigeria.
Russia, long vexed by its dwindling population figures and expansive Eurasian territory, could be at the greatest advantage. “Siberia and Russia's Far East is probably your best shot,” Bierbaum concluded. But such factors could also only matter in the short to medium term, they said: “In the long term, everywhere would eventually be overrun.”
This, of course, is all hypothetical. Zombies are not real, and medical infrastructure has so far managed to keep modern disease outbreaks under control. But what zombies represent continues to dominate popular culture and seems to resonate with humanity's collective fears. In a testament to these anxieties' massive appeal, Fear the Walking Dead has already been picked up for a 15-episode second season. This means we'll have plenty of more opportunities to vicariously ride out the end of the world.
Photo credit: SERGEI SUPINSKY/AFP/Getty Images
The Maori scored six tries against Canada, all from mistakes. Let's take a closer look at what exactly went wrong on the defensive side of things for the home side.
Disclaimer: this article is not intended to ridicule individual players or the team, merely to offer constructive criticism and potentially illuminate some details for the observer that might otherwise be overlooked.
TRY #1 (video)
This try is a direct result of a bizarre tactical decision to try and run from the shadow of their own posts. It's all well and good to try and play positive rugby, but from there it was completely suicidal. There was never anything on. After the first good hit-up the ball should have been in the stands. Instead possession was gifted to the Maori, and they worked an overlap on the left after a couple phases of play. Canada was defending well up until that point.
In the above picture Jones and Hearn recognize they are outnumbered and come up hard, but for some reason hold up instead of making the hit. Jones should have committed to nailing Bateman (#10) hard here, and at least forcing them to make the pass under pressure. Hearn should have jammed up Ngatai, instead they hold and softens at the last second. Hassler is already in no-man's land. They should have attacked Robinson.
By now the goose is cooked. Hassler is playing soft on their own goal line – a big no-no. He's nearly on their heels and this is a simple 2-on-1 drill for Robinson. Even if Hassler makes the hit, the momentum of the carrier will take them over. Guildford might well have scored anyway with some slick hands, but the job should have been made a lot more difficult than it was.
TRY #2 (video)
A lovely throw by Barkwill to Phelan and Underwood nearly breaks through. So far so good. The support is there quickly and a nice corridor opens to attack on the right.
Here we see what looks like a nice ruck, but appearances can be deceiving.
Upon closer inspection Carpenter has flopped in from the side, Ardron is headed straight downwards, Hearn is ineffectively wrestling up high, and Jones has missed the ruck entirely.
A half-second later we see Ardron and Carpenter have completely fallen over and sealed the ball off. Both Carpenter's entry and Ardron's motion could have been penalised. Hearn appears to have tried to roll their man off the ruck, but unsuccessfully. Underwood doesn't place the ball properly and the ball shoots out the back.
Gibson-Park picks up the loose ball and passes to Braid who is smashed by Phelan but manages to free Bateman. At this point despite the turnover we are in decent shape defensively. Barkwill does a great job to come across and point to their man, in this case Bateman. Trainor enters the line to take Ngatai. Hassler is marking Guildford on the outside. Dala can deal with Squire, and Carpenter is coming in behind on a cover angle. Notice the very canny support line of Gibson-Park.
Barkwill has taken out Bateman, and Trainor has nabbed Ngatai. Hassler has Guildford lined up against the touchline, and Dala is closing in to help. Carpenter is still on their cover line, but starting to slow up because it looks like things are ok. They should be, but they are not. There is a big circle around Evans because they are in a bad spot already. Their hips are totally committed to the sideline when they should be more squared up in case the pass comes back inside to Gibson-Park. Similarly, look at Hassler's footwork. Their hips are also turned and they are headed straight for the line instead of using it as their friend and shepherding Guildford into touch.
Hassler over-commits and Guildford steps inside. Hassler dives and just manages to trip them up. He's lucky – if he'd missed, Guildford would have easily beaten Evans as well. Carpenter and Jones have slowed down as they don't want to over-commit themselves. Dala comes in to help and Guildford tries for a cheeky backhanded offload. A bit of luck for the Maori as the ball careens off Dala's arm and Gibson-Park, in perfect position, picks it up and scores.
Some sloppy recycling and a couple wrong steps was all it took.
TRY #3 (video)
This one is a bit of genius from Robbie Robinson. A solid scrum and the Maori get some good go-forward. Hearn gets a little confused but makes the tackle. Ardron shoots and Gibson-Park takes the gape as he's too quick for Dala on the post. Willison takes it on and trouble is brewing. A very speculative pass from Bateman is very nearly picked off by Trainor, a specialty of his. A couple more phases are stuffed, and the Maori are backed up to the 22.
Robinson does what all classy fullbacks do, they pick out a mismatch and lines up Dala. They beat them on the outside but Dala just manages the tap-tackle. Alarm bells are ringing now.
Gibson-Park stretches the defense by attacking the sideline, then bringing it back infield. Cue Robinson once more. This time he's got their man. One of the quickest men on the pitch against one of the least agile with loads of space either side. Phelan has no chance to make this tackle. Mack and Evans are coming around as cover but it's too late.
This shot shows the gaps a little better. Phelan is caught in a bad situation. Most of their teammates have been sucked in on the short side. They should be the second defender off the ruck, but he's too far away from Buydens. Jones, to their left, is so far away we can't even see them in the frame. Phelan does the only thing they can do, but Robinson steps them with ease and goes through Mack to score.
Chalk this one down to a lack of communication and slow realignment. The Maori knew what they were doing and Canada couldn't keep up.
TRY #4 (video)
This one is frustrating. Canada is in a great attacking position from a centre scrum. It gets a bit messy but Mack and Buydens do a great job of breaking the gainline. Good quick ball to Underwood and….
…he chooses to kick! It's unclear whose call this was but it was the wrong decision. Where Robinson recognized their mismatches, Underwood fails to see that Hoeata, a lock, is in front of them and there is a 3-on-2 to their right. Compounding this Guildford is holding back and the kick was a dud. Had Underwood simply ran straight and passed to Evans it would have been simple hands to set Braid, lurking just outside the frame, away down the sideline. Instead Guildford re-gathers and the Maori control the ball.
Barkwill manages to disrupt and the ball pops loose, but there's Guildford again to clean up the mess. They look up and sees Phelan and Hassler there, but decides to have a crack anyway.
Somehow they step outside Phelan and inside Hassler in the space of a phone booth and leaves both untying their boots on the floor. Buydens gets stuck behind Mack and Guildford expertly aims for the outside shoulder. Mack makes the tackle but it's an easy offload to Robinson who puts Gibson-Park over for their second with a perfectly executed 2-on-1 at pace.
Wrong option, two missed tackles, try.
TRY #5 (video)
Simple first phase training ground move from a scrum. The Maori bring Taylor in from the blindside wing and do a swap move with Willison running the dummy line and Bateman taking the ball in behind.
For some reason four players commit to Willison and Bateman is wide open. Trainor pinching in is the worst sin as it leaves Ngatai totally unmarked and forces Hassler and Braid to make tough decisions.
Braid decides to cut Ngatai off from the outside, leaving Hassler again caught in no-man's land. Braid should have stayed out on Robinson, leaving Ngatai to Hassler. When Braid shoots in it's a simple miss-pass to Robinson for a 2-on-0 from the posts to the touchline.
This was poor first phase defense, no way to hide it.
TRY #6 (video)
No pictures required here. Gilmour replaces Barkwill and Carpenter moves to hooker at a lineout. For some reason he's asked to make a difficult throw to Ardron at the back, which doesn't come off, and instead ends up in Christie's hands. Gibson-Park puts a beauty into the corner and Braid slips. They almost recovers but panics and tries to pass and Barrett intercepts for the score. Had Carpenter been throwing to Ardron at the front of the lineout that might never have happened.
The team played with heart but they have to learn to use their heads as well. There were many more mistakes besides the ones pointed out above, and the Maori were far from their best. Accuracy simply must be a priority from now on. There was much to cheer about during the match but at some point this team has to start making greater strides. Now seems as good a time as any.
Advertisements
To be effective as a software developer technical excellence is not enough. On top of that there are several other aspects on which a great professional should focus. Near the top of my list there is the ability to interact with other people involved in the project. Whatever is the nature of your project you will need to interact to get things done:
as an open-source contributor you have to collaborate reviewing patches or having your patches reviewed, you have to address the issues brought up by users, you want to communicate your features to new users, planning with other committers or co-maintainers
as a freelance you have to interact with the current customers and with potential ones. You have also to interact with other developers or designers or testers involved in the projects and you need to communicate clearly who is responsible for what
when working in a company you have to coordinate with the other developers, in your team and in other teams, to communicate with your manager and most importantly to interact with project managers
Developers and PMs… not always love at first sight
Relationships with Project Managers can be a bit controversial from time to time: we as developers are very prone to complain about them. After all they are the ones bothering us about some change that need to go in at 6 PM on a Friday. Or the ones who keep pushing for features which do not make sense to us.
However I think that Project Managers play a fundamental role in successful team. And as a developer I can be successful only if the team is successful. For this reason I think that having a great relationship with Project Managers is they key for delivering results. I was lucky enough to work with amazing Project Managers that really helped me. This was especially true when I was at TripAdvisor: there I met PMs who were absolutely great. That does not mean I did not complain about them with my fellow developers from time to time 🙂
It does mean however that I understood that if we were going in the right direction, if we were delivering features at an high speed and if we were able to coordinate our projects with the rest of the company it was because of their work.
So I am very convinced that PMs can make a difference. But this difference can be either atrociously negative or wonderfully positive. I am not saying I understand all the responsibilities of a PM and I am sure there are a lot of things they do without interacting with developers like me. I am just thinking specifically to how PMs interact with developers and what kind of expectations I have as a developer towards PMs.
From my point of view a Project manager could make the life of developers easier by doing these five things.
1) Communicate business priorities and consider technical priorities
We are all over-worked and we all have crazy piles of work who someone expects us to do within the week. As a developer I need to be able to evaluate the effort needed to complete each task and the relations between tasks. Perhaps a certain refactoring will simplify developing a certain feature, so it makes sense to order those tasks accordingly. A certain task could take two weeks, while implementing these three other features could require just half a day for each of them. So I could prefer to work on them first.
But technical aspects are just half of the picture: ordering tasks require us to be aware of the priorities business have. What is most important for the customer? Which features can have an immediate impact on our revenues? That is very important for us to know to decide where to spend our energy and what to deliver first. I think PMs need to discuss frequently with developers what are the priorities and understand that business priorities and technical priorities need both to be considered to decide on what we are going to work next.
And sometimes PMs technical priorities are important too: they cannot always be ignored to consider only business priorities, because doing so it is going to affect our ability to deliver software and consequently the business.
2) Let the developers know about deadlines well in advance
Did ever happen to you to find out that something is needed… later today? Or that the customer was promised to receive a new build yesterday? Those are not nice surprises. Let's be clear: sh*t happens and require us to deal with it. The application goes down and the company loses money every minute: you stop whatever you are doing and you fix it. A new bug is found and it is bad, a security concern needs to addressed as soon as possible. In real life there are things that we cannot plan for. We can just react to them.
However this cannot be the case for everything, we cannot always be doing Emergency-driven development. This is just bad practice. Deadlines need to be agreed upon and communicated, so that they can be planned for. As developers we frequently do not see the whole picture but the same goes for PMs: there are technical aspects that they could be ignoring and that could make not possible to meet a deadline, without knowing far in advance. So please dear PMs: let us know about deadlines as soon as you know them.
Caveat: when I say “let the developers know about deadlines” I mean the real deadlines. One of the worst thing a PM could ever do is to present some fake, self-imposed deadline. Some PMs came up with the idea of assuring themselves a time buffer by telling the devleopers that the customer expects the delivery to happen on the 1st when they actually agreed on the 15th. Maybe they do that because we frequently deliver things late but… guess what? Sooner or later developers will find out and think about all the useless stress or the long hours they went through because of your lies. How do you think they are going to react?
3) Manage communications
I know it could sound not plausible but developers tend to have a few defects. One of them is that developers tend to communicate… differently. They tend to be direct and blunt. And that works great with machines, a bit less with customers. Yes, it is possible that the SDK the customer given to you seems… suboptimal. Yes, it could seem a perfect example of what a bunch of monkeys could do if we would give them a box of cheap whiskey and a manual of all the possible bad practices in software engineering. Well, still it is not a good idea to let the customer knows about that. It is much better to let the PM rephrase that for us.
And I love when the PM chase the customer about that decision we need them to make. Or talk with the PM of another team to convince them to answer to the requests from our team. Yes, we really needed an answer, all the three times we forwarded again the same requests that was ignored for the last couple of weeks.
A fantastic PM will provide us with all the information we need to do a our job and ensure communication run smoothly with all the parties involved. We probably will not even realize the effort they had to put on this.
4) Shield developers from issues
Life in a company is stressful. Stress comes from different sources and it needs to be managed. As Software Developers we deal with a lot of stress coming from technical challenges: a bug which is very difficult to reproduce, an intermittent issue depending on threads synchronization, the new release of a framework which silently breaks everything, an unreliable piece of infrastructure that makes some integration test to fail. We have plenty of reasons to be stressed.
And PMs have too: they deal more than us with the internal politics, they take part in discussions about what features to develop and which not, they could fight to get resources for the team. They could compete with other teams, they have customers screaming at them. Well I am sorry for that but if PMs start to push all their stress on the developers, then we, the developers, will end up being between the anvil and the hammer. We would be both constrained by the reality of technical difficulties and the pink-pony-crazyness of customers and politics. That is just too much so let's have a deal: we stress with technical stuff and that is our burden. All the rest, I am sorry for you PMs, but this is for you to deal with.
5) Make sure we work on relevant projects
It could happen to work very, very hard on building something that has a very limited impact on the company product. While it could be a satisfaction anyway for someone who loves to build cool stuff in the long run this is going to be detrimental for your career. It does not help you to get a promotion if you keep working only on irrelevant stuff. Working on something that can really make a difference for the business have several advantages instead: it gives you additional motivation, the possibility to get noticed and possibly access to more resources and more support from the organization.
Working on irrelevant features is not yet the worst thing that could happen. It could happen to work on projects that are discarded before or immeditaly after they are completed. Imagine put your passion and sweat on something that is just thrown away. Not a nice feeling, eh? So it is better to work with PMs who do not put you in such situations.
In the end
I think Project Managers intercept many problems before we can even see them. They are our interface with the customers and with the rest of the organization. They ensure we are working on something which will provide value to our users. They keep track of the whole picture so that we can have the luxury to just focus on the next feature to implement, test it and ship it.
And it is a fact that developers take PMs for granted most of the time. I think it is pretty common for developers to underestimate PMs. We often just do not understand all their responsibilities. But trust me, if you work with a great PM and a… not so great one, you will definitely notice the difference.
I hope both us developers and project managers can benefit from a better relationship. I can tell you it is possible to do so: I live with a PM who happens to be my girlfriend 🙂
Tomasky writes: "Republicans have questioned the patriotism of Democrats for nearly a hundred years. But now, at long last, Barack Obama is turning the tables on the GOP."
Mitt Romney speaks at a campaign rally in Bowling Green, Ohio, 07/18/12. (photo: Evan Vucci/AP)
Mitt Romney, Un-American
By Michael Tomasky, The Daily Beast
Republicans have questioned the patriotism of Democrats for nearly a hundred years. But now, at long last, Barack Obama is turning the tables on the GOP.
ohn Sununu opened the "American" door the other day, and now the Romney campaign is barging through it, plotting attacks on Barack Obama's "biography," which will inevitably include veiled accusations about their alleged alien cast, their lack of American-ness. So now that it's open, let's stroll through it ourselves. What's taking place in the room on the other side of that door? Republicans and conservatives are bouncing off the walls because they face a serious risk for the first time in a generation that their definitions of patriotism and Americanism are losing. And not just losing - losing to, of all people, Barack Hussein Obama!
The Republican credo that theirs is the party of patriotism goes back a long, long way, at least to the 1920s. The Democrats then as now represented society's so-called rabble - immigrants, wets, cosmopolites of that gin-soaked decade when the urban population for the first time overtook the rural. Over time, Democrats added blacks, new immigrants, liberated women, gays. The Democrats have been the party of the Other. Impugning their patriotism to the target audience is so easy it can hardly even be called work. In doing so, of course, Republicans tied the concept strongly to their, um, values: the all-conquering free market, mostly; a good war now and then; the occasional (actually, more or less constant, now that I think about it) campaign against subversives real and imagined (the vast majority). Thus have things ever been.
You will find, as you scan our modern electoral history, say since 1968, that the Republican candidate has laid some Americanism-related charge at the Democrat nearly every time, but that the reverse has never occurred. Richard Nixon sent Spiro Agnew out to accuse Hubert Humphrey of being soft on communism and compare them to Neville Chamberlain, even while Nixon was committing treason by submarining the Paris peace talks. Democrats can't, and don't, peddle this merchandise, because it's pointless: they know it won't stick to the party that has owned the issue for decades.
Then comes Obama. I don't have to rehearse for you all the things that were said in 2008. More salient is the fact that the Republicans are still saying them now, after the man has been president for three-and-a-half years and after they executed Osama bin Laden. Obama apologizes for America. If we give this man four more years, Romney has warned repeatedly, the America we've come to know and love will no longer exist. Health care, higher taxes at the top of the income ladder - these aren't just bad ideas. They're un-American and threaten the very body and blood of Uncle Sam. Romney said just two days ago in Pennsylvania: "The course we're on right now is foreign to us. It changes America."
That's the script. But then the patriotism party nominated a man who has for a quarter-century practiced a brand of capitalism that respects no known flag or borders. They ran a company that created some jobs but sent others overseas, they finagled themselves a way to get paid a lot of money for doing (by their own admission) no work for a few years, and they appear to have retained a battery of lawyers to help ensure that they pay a far lower tax rate than the working people he's trying to whip into a state of fear about Obama. And there's only one reason people have Swiss bank accounts, and it's to avoid making their otherwise mandated contributions to the national treasury.
I originally had mixed feelings about Obama's "America the Beautiful" ad, the one that uses Romney's wobbly warbling of the song as backdrop for text that read: "He had millions in a Swiss bank account... Tax havens like Bermuda... And the Cayman Islands." It seemed, and maybe was, a little bit churlish to use Romney's singing, which wasn't what you'd call good but more or less followed the tune. But the ad succeeds marvelously at making Romney's career not just about rapacious pursuit of profit, but about patriotism. I don't ever recall a Democratic campaign implying that a Republican's behavior was unpatriotic. So consider my hat tipped, in a big way. It's as if Obama changed the directional flow of a mighty river.
Now Romney is going to scramble to reset things to normal. But we're supposed to own the label "America"! We decide what's patriotic! That's just how it's always been, that's why! I'm sure Romney is absolutely staggered at the idea that their life's work is being calumniated as, of all things, unpatriotic, and by - as I said earlier, of all people - Barack Obama. I luxuriate in the thought that right-wingers across the country are tearing their hair out over this as if in a nice hot bath. But that's what is happening, and it's resonating because it's true. They have done all of these things.
It may be legal to take every tax break you can, to try to claim a $77,000 deduction for your horse. But it is not right. Being a good American means doing what's right in civic terms, not what you and your team of lawyers figure you can get away with. By this definition Romney is the un-American, and it would be a glorious thing indeed if they became the pivot on which we turned to a definition of patriotism that rendered behavior like their opprobrious.
One thing infographics are really good for is providing a sense of scale. Certain numbers are just too big to really comprehend, and can also be made to sound bigger or smaller than they actually are depending on how they're presented. Let's take shark finning as an example.
When fishermen remove sharks' fins (sold to make things like traditional Chinese medicine and shark fin soup) and throw the disfigured animals back into the water, the sharks can't swim or move properly and sink to the bottom of the ocean or are eaten by predators. Shark fins are big business, but you may not have heard a lot about the industry or understand the gravity of the issue. 100 million sharks are killed every year because of finning, but how big is that?
This infographic will help. And if it doesn't impress upon you the number of sharks killed through finning you're not really scrolling. Speaking of which, by the time you scroll to the bottom of the graphic about 73 more sharks will have died. The graphic also points out that sharks kill 12 people a year, which is not none, and therefore shouldn't be trivialised. But the gravity of the finning situation is still clear. No soup for you. [Alltop]
Indonesian budget airline Lion Air has been given two months to shape up by the Transportation Ministry or face possible sanctions.
The warning comes on the heels of a series of service and safety lapses.
Fuel leaked out from a Lion Air aircraft onto the tarmac at Juanda Airport in Surabaya, East Java, on Sunday.
On March 29, a flight from Jakarta was diverted from Singapore to Johor Baru, after the airline reportedly failed to secure landing rights.
The aircraft was to have been flown back from Singapore to Jakarta that same evening, leading to passengers on the second flight needing to be bussed to Senai Airport from Changi Airport.
Lion Air senior management were summoned by Transport Minister Budi Karya Sumadi on Monday to explain the airline's recent failings, which they said included the incident on March 29 as well as the oil spill in Surabaya.
"We are summoning Lion Air as the regulator and [industry] watchdog. We want to question them... and will find ways to solve the problems they are facing," they said. "I don't want these kinds of things to keep happening."
Agus Santoso, a Transport Ministry director in charge of overseeing Indonesia's airport, told reporters after the meeting that the ministry will closely monitor Lion Air's safety and service performance. "They will receive sanctions if they do not do well," they added.
Lion Air is committed to improving customer service and will conduct an internal investigation into incidents related to flight safety and security, said its managing director Daniel Putut.
The airline had previously confirmed the Surabaya fuel leak after photos posted on social media went viral. A spokesperson said a few litres were spilled.
Lion Air did not respond to queries from The Straits Times yesterday about the March 29 flight that was diverted to Johor Baru.
According to some passengers The Straits Times spoke to, Lion Air had announced at the boarding gate in Jakarta that it had failed to secure landing rights to touch down at Changi and would be diverting the flight to Senai.
The announcement led to ugly scenes at the gate, with many taking to social media to air their anger at the budget airline.
Mr Paulus Sutrisno and their friends were among the passengers affected.
The group had secured tickets to see British band Coldplay at the Kallang Sports Hub on April 1.
Mr Paulus told The Straits Times that they understood that Lion Air was not able to secure a landing spot at Changi for the rescheduled arrival time after the flight was delayed.
Lion Air offered to place them on a direct flight to Singapore the next morning and provided them one night's hotel stay to make up for the flight diversion to Johor. Others either opted for a refund or went ahead with the flight to Johor Baru.
"We paid for a direct Jakarta-Singapore flight, not a transit in Johor Baru then a bus ride to Singapore," Mr Paulus said.
Lion Air began operations in 2000, expanding its routes and fleet of aircraft very quickly.
The airline is no stranger to service and safety lapses.
Last May, one of its pilots wrongly disembarked passengers on JT 161 from Singapore - an international flight - at the domestic terminal of Jakarta's Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Correction note: In our earlier story, we said Mr Paulus themselves booked a direct flight to Singapore the next morning. This is incorrect. Lion Air offered to place them on a direct flight to Singapore the next morning. We are sorry for the error.
Only one of Michael Jackson's many hits makes the cut. Getty Images / Kevin Mazur
Popular songs come and go — but the true test of a song is how many years later people are still listening to it.
In a new data study, Polygraph's Matt Daniels takes a closer look at these patterns. They compiled all the Billboard Top 100 song lists from the 1950s to today and cross-referenced each song with its play count on Spotify to gauge present popularity.
And the results are pretty surprising. For example, Linkin Park's popularity is enduring more than many of us might have expected.
Still, the list shows what could be considered classics among Spotify's 75 million users.
While jams like Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'" make the cut, some of the other tracks are surprising. Though it's only really relevant one month of the year, Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas is You" has a spot on the list.
It's worth noting that several top artists, including The Beatles and Taylor Swift, are not available on Spotify, so they aren't factored into the data.
Keep reading to find out the 30 most timeless songs on Spotify.
FILE - In this Feb. 23, 2011 file photo, three Dish Network satellite dishes, are displayed on an apartment house, in Palo Alto, Calif. Satellite television provider Dish Network Corp. said Monday. Nov. 7, 2011, its third-quarter earnings climbed 30 percent, as revenue climbed even though the satellite television provider lost subscribers in the quarter. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File)
By Liana B. Baker
(Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Trade Commission is suing Dish Network Corp, accusing the satellite television provider of violating telemarketing rules by calling millions of customers who had asked not to be contacted by the company.
In a filing in an Illinois district court, the FTC alleges that since 2007 Dish has called millions of people in Illinois and other states to market its TV services, even after the consumers had asked the company not to contact them.
FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz said in a statement on Thursday that it was "particularly disappointing when a well-established, nationally known company - which ought to know better - appears to have flagrantly and illegally made millions of invasive calls to Americans who specifically told DISH Network to leave them alone."
The FTC is asking Dish to pay civil penalties and to stop making such calls. The agency said in a court filing on Thursday that the violations could bring a fine of $11,000 to $16,000 per call, depending on when the calls were made.
Dish is also involved in a 2009 lawsuit with the U.S. Department of Justice for calling numbers on the "Do Not Call" list and making automated calls, or "robocalls."
Dish's main competitor, DirecTV, paid $5.3 million to settle similar charges in 2005 after the FTC sued the company for phoning people on the "Do Not Call" list.
Shares of Dish, the No. 2 satellite TV provider behind DirecTV, were up 39 cents, or 1.2 percent, $31.91 in afternoon trading.
The case is Federal Trade Commission v. Dish Network, U.S. District Court, Central District of Illinois, No 3:12-cv-03221
A Norwegian art gallery learned the hard way that the extra fee for postal insurance is worth the inconvenience when it lost a Rembrandt etching worth $8,600 this week.
According to the BBC, the Soli Brug Gallery originally bought a copy of one of the Dutch painter's etchings, titled "Lieven Willemsz, van Coppenol, Wiriting-Master," from a British dealer. After receiving notice that the purchase was available for pick-up at the post office, the gallery went to retrieve the package only to find that it had never actually arrived.
Reports of the incident place no blame on the artwork's dealer (whose name was not disclosed for confidentiality concerns); instead, the onus of responsibility is placed on the Norwegian gallery that used economy mail service to ship a 17th century work of art.
"Using a courier or special insurance is quite expensive so we have used regular mail until now," Ole Derje, the gallery's chairperson said to Reuters.
"Lieven Willemsz, van Coppenol, Wiriting-Master," 1658, image courtesy of www.rembrandtonline.org.
Commenting on the unfortunate mailing situation, a spokesperson for the postal service, Hilde Ebeltoft-Skaugrud, remarked to Reuters," "We are sorry that this has happened; we have advised them to use a more appropriate form of mail when sending items that are worth as much as this with the appropriate insurance connected."
The gallery, which is used to showcasing expensive works by the likes of Durer, Goya, Munch and Dali, will likely not receive a full refund on their mishandled postal endeavor. Derje stated to Reuters, "It is worth around 40,000 to 50,000 crowns ($6,900-$8,600) and the postal service is offering us compensation of 500-1,000 crowns ($86-$172)."
Story highlights Ruling party had hoped to win enough seats for simple majority
Another party that supports independence makes big gains
More than a million Catalans demonstrated for independence in September
Catalans complain of cultural repression and economic slights dating to centuries
Before Sunday's elections in Catalonia, Artur Mas, president of the region's parliament, promised a referendum on independence for one of Spain's most important regions if they won re-election.
But after the election, Mas has a more difficult task because their center-right Convergence and Union coalition lost 12 of its 62 seats, a strong setback for a party that was hoping to gain a simple majority in the 135-seat legislative body.
The Catalan Republican Left party was the big winner in the elections, winning 21 seats, according to the Catalonia elections web site, which reported 98% of the votes had been counted.
The Catalan Republican Left party also backs independence, and the two parties could form a majority in parliament on the independence issue.
JUST WATCHED Independence parties score in Catalonia Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Independence parties score in Catalonia 01:37
JUST WATCHED Spain's internal debate over bailout Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Spain's internal debate over bailout 02:54
JUST WATCHED Small towns attract Spanish job seekers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Small towns attract Spanish job seekers 03:29
JUST WATCHED The business of independence Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The business of independence 02:50
They, however, differ on most other issues, especially economic policy.
Voters in Catalonia, the most powerful economically of Spain's 17 regions, heeded the call that these would be historic elections, even if independence wasn't on the ballot Sunday. They voted during a deep economic crisis in the eurozone countries, especially in Spain and in Catalonia. Voter turnout was the highest in 24 years for Catalan elections, officials said.
The Spanish government in Madrid vows to block any self-determination referendum, arguing that the constitution does not permit a region alone to decide its independence.
Last September 11, an estimated 1.5 million people -- 20% of Catalonia's population -- filled the streets of Barcelona, the Catalan capital and Spain's second-largest city, demanding independence.
Soon after, Mas called snap regional elections, two years early. Their government already has enacted deep spending cuts trying to balance the regional books and has asked Madrid for $6 billion in emergency credit to pay its bills.
"The crisis has made many people in Catalonia desperate," said Gonzalo Bernardos, a University of Barcelona economist. "They see a dark future. Then hope springs, that with Catalan independence, things will be better."
Catalonia has its own flag and language -- Catalan -- and various analysts say the economic crisis has brought long-simmering nationalist sentiment to the forefront.
Catalans complain of cultural repression and economic sleights by Madrid dating back centuries.
With just 16% of Spain's population, Catalonia produces 19% of the nation's wealth.
Catalonia argues that it sends far more in taxes to Madrid than it gets back in central government spending, and that Catalan taxes help support poorer Spanish regions.
The regions administer key public services such as health and education, and in Catalonia's case, also the police and prisons.
In addition to Mas' party, three other major parties will be closely watched as potential power brokers in the new parliament.
The Catalan Republican Left doubled its bloc, as it held just 10 seats before the election.
The Catalan branches of Spain's ruling conservative Popular Party -- which opposes independence -- gained one seat, for a total 19 in the new parliament.
The main opposition Spanish Socialist Party, which urges a federalist system for the regions, will be the biggest loser, dropping eight seats to 20 representatives.
A survey earlier this month by the Catalan government's polling center showed 57% of Catalans would vote for independence, a 6% increase from last June and a 14% increase from a year and a half ago.
Breaking: PSPgo dismemberment reveals battery placement chicanery!
You remember when Sony said that the PSPgo battery would be untouchable in an effort to curb piracy? Well, it turns out that the battery can be removed, but that Sony thought it could simply slap a warranty-voiding sticker over the thing to try and dissuade people, rather than employ some sort of competent security.
That's about the only reason I can think of for Sony doing this, effectively ending the warranty of anybody who feels the need to replace their PSPgo battery. The battery itself is not soldered in place, which makes this sticker a rather lazy (and likely ineffective) way of discouraging homebrewers from screwing with the machine's innards. Not to mention the fact that iFixit believes patient pirates will be able to slip the battery out while leaving the sticker intact.
In other news, the PSPgo has no metal framework whatsoever, meaning that its entire structural integrity is provided by a thin plastic shell. The original PSP never exactly felt durable, but you can expect this one to require as much care as a baby with brittle bone disease. One wonders how much this $250 device actually costs to make.
Still, that battery thing is hilarious. Just whacking a sticker on the thing? Come on, Sony -- even the constant, irritating firmware updating is a better idea than this, and that idea was sh*t.
[Thanks, electro lemon]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Posted by jasonzweig on Jan 16, 2017 in Articles & Advice, Blog, Columns, Featured |
Image Credit: Christophe Vorlet
By Jason Zweig | Jan. 13, 2017 11:18 am ET
One of the world's hottest assets is also the newest way to invest for retirement. But it carries the most old-fashioned risk of all: losing buckets of money in the blink of an eye.
Since last June, Bitcoin IRA, a firm based in Sherman Oaks, Calif., has been offering Individual Retirement Accounts that can provide direct ownership interests in bitcoin, the so-called cryptocurrency. The firm's timing couldn't be better: Bitcoin's market value shot up 123% in 2016, and it nearly hit a record high less than two weeks ago. Had you put $5,000 in bitcoin at the end of 2011, you would have had just under $1.2 million at the currency's peak closing price earlier this month.
Edmund C. Moy, who was Director of the U.S. Mint from 2006 to 2011, is Bitcoin IRA's chief strategist. “Virtually all investors who have retirement accounts should take a look at bitcoin in an IRA,” they say, “because its rise and fall aren't correlated to the same factors that affect the U.S. dollar.”
Created by ​an anonymous coder ​and exchanged among ​a decentralized network of computers, bitcoin has no physical existence. By design, its supply is ​​finite. No government or central bank can devalue the currency by printing more of it.
Because it isn't part of the conventional financial system, bitcoin is unlikely to move up and down in sync with rest of your portfolio. “So, in that sense, bitcoin isn't extremely risky,” says Campbell Harvey, a finance professor at Duke University. “If the stock market crashes, there's no particular reason bitcoin would crash with it. The correlation could even be negative, if geopolitical disaster increases demand for bitcoin.”
But​, less than a decade after it began,​ the cryptocurrency ​remains wildly volatile. Its price jounces up and down as computer hackers steal bitcoins, regulators threaten to scrutinize trading, and buyers and sellers swarm into and out of the market.
In the past nine days alone, bitcoin is down more than 28%. Since January 2012, it has dropped at least 10% in a single day 38 times, says Prof. Harvey. The U.S. stock market, by contrast, has lost more than 10% in a day only once since 1957 (on Oct. 19, 1987). Bitcoin, says Prof. Harvey, is “at least five times more volatile than U.S. stock market indexes.”
Bitcoin's “insane” volatility can make it problematic to hold in an IRA, says Wade Pfau, a professor of retirement income at the American College of Financial Services in Bryn Mawr, Pa.
That's because, after you retire, you go from saving into an IRA to withdrawing from it. And, if you withdraw when its market value has fallen sharply, you lock those losses in — making your money much less likely to last throughout retirement.
Running a computer simulation using bitcoin's past returns, Prof. Pfau estimates that there's only about a one-in-10 chance that you could withdraw at least 4% of the portfolio value annually — a common standard to fund a sustainable retirement.
Because bitcoin's price fluctuates so wildly, says Prof. Pfau, “one cannot plan for a withdrawal rate of much more than 0%.” In other words, if you take anything out, you stand a high chance of ending up with nothing.
Bitcoin's volatility should decline, predicts Mr. Moy: “As its use becomes more frequent in the future, that will help stabilize the price and reduce the volatility.”
For now, a Bitcoin IRA is a costly bet. The firm charges a fat 15% upfront set-up charge. If you put up $5,000, you pay $750 in initial fees. That covers buying the bitcoins, securing them in a digital “wallet” and arranging for a custodian to hold them, says chief operating officer Chris Kline.
Taxes could trip you up, too.
In a traditional IRA, any growth in the value of the assets accrues tax-deferred but is taxable, when you withdraw it, at your ordinary-income rate (up to approximately 40%). Outside an IRA, such appreciation is taxable at capital-gain rates, which top out at nearly 24%.
So if Bitcoin does skyrocket, you can end up with a much larger tax bill in a traditional IRA than if you had wagered on it in a regular account. That difference, says Adam Chodorow, a professor of tax law at Arizona State University, “could swamp any tax savings you got from the initial deductions for contributing to the IRA.”
You could avoid that unnecessary tax hit by holding bitcoin in a Roth IRA, from which withdrawals are tax free. However, reports Mr. Kline of Bitcoin IRA, approximately 70% of investors so far have chosen to open traditional, not Roth, IRAs.
They include Mr. Moy himself, who says they have about 5% of their retirement savings in a bitcoin traditional IRA as “an insurance plan to offset any losses on my dollar-denominated assets.”
But such insurance is a speculation in its own right. It might pay off, but you could also lose it all.
Source: The Wall Street Journal, http://on.wsj.com/2j8jG49
New York Giants vs. Notre Dame All Stars December 14, 1930
as told by Barry Gottehrer in The Giants of New York, G. P. Putnams Sons, New York, 1963
(At the end of November 1930,) seemingly on their way to a second NFL championship, the Giants, physically battered by the Packers, slumped drastically the next two weeks losing 7 6 to both Stapleton and the Brooklyn Dodgers. In just two Sundays, one of the Giants' brightest seasons and hopes for a league title had faded away. Two games against Frankford and Brooklyn remained on the schedule, but Bill Abbott, one time sports editor of the New York World and press agent for the NFL and Giants, was thinking ahead.
To raise funds for Depression struck families, New York mayor Jimmy Walker had extended an open invitation to all teams, both college and professional, to help raise money for their Committee on Unemployed. Basketball and college football games had already contributed some money. Why didn't the Giants play a post season exhibition game with all the funds going to the mayor's committee? The Giant owner had lost their $526,812 suit against Gene Tunney and Billy Gibson (later appealed and settled out of court), but with the home season now over, T. J. was particularly pleased with Mara Tech, a name bestowed on the Giants by Bill Corum and a dozen other sportswriters. Barring a second Stock Market crash, the Giants would finish 1930 at least $20,000 ahead, and Mara was feeling in a charitable mood. There was only one problem: What team could the Giants play?
"Why not Notre Dame?" suggested Bill Abbott. It was a wonderful idea. Ever since Mara had bought into professional football. in 1925, a controversy had raged about the relative strengths of the top college and NFL teams. Notre Dame was heading for its second consecutive national championship. And the Giants were one of the NFL's top teams. Sportswriter Dan Daniel was named chairperson of the game committee and given the job of selling Notre Dame's Knute Rockne on the idea. Rockne was all in favor of it, but Notre Dame was playing Southern California the week before on the West Coast, and the Fighting Irish didn't want to schedule two big games in so short a time. Rockne offered another suggestion: How about the Giants playing an Star team of Notre Dame greats, past and present?
Mara and their players liked Rockne's suggestion even better than their own. "The minute it was definite we were going to play, I told the mayor that Notre Dame would be lucky to make a first down against us," said Mara. "We were much too big a football team."
The Giants still had two league games left, but everyone was thinking about December 14 and the Fighting Irish. Andrews became so obsessed with the thought of coaching against Knute Rockne that it cost them their job. "He just got themselves all worked up thinking about this great meeting with Rockne," said Friedman. "He thought they had to be tougher with us and pretty soon they lost control of themselves completely."
When the Giants returned to their dressing room trailing Frankford, 6 0, Andrerews started to berate their players, threatening fines and even firings. They made considerable noise but little sense, and suddenly they turned to Friedman, who, with Cagle, had been held out of the game because of injuries. "And you, Friedman," Andrews shouted, "can lose your money just like anyone else." In the second half, Hagerty scored twice and the Giants won, 14 6. Early the next morning, Friedman and Owen went to see Tim Mara. The Giants owner, who'd had little admiration for Andrews since they failed to follow the front office's orders and lost New York University star Ken Strong to Stapleton in 1929, listened carefully and told the two players they would take care of the coaching problem immediately.
When the Giants stepped onto the Ebbets Field infield the next week, Leroy Andrews no longer was head coach. For the remainder of the season, Friedman would run the team and Owen would assist him. Before an overflow crowd of 20,000, the Giants crushed the Dodgers, 13 0, on touchdowns by Friedman and Moran. When Green Bay also lost, 21 0, to the Chicago Bears the same day, the Giants still had a mathematical chance for the title. If the Packers, 10 3, lost their final game to Portsmouth, a team they had beaten 47 13 earlier in the season, the Giants, 13 4, would be NFL champions. The Packers didn't beat Portsmouth, but they didn't lose either. They battled to a 6 6 ties and backed into their second straight title, beating out New York by only four percentage points, .769 to .765.
Rockne began gathering their former stars together in South Bend on Tuesday, practiced for four straight days, and then climbed aboard a Chicago sleeper, arriving in New York's Grand Central Station 8:30 Saturday morning. In every newspaper in town, the biggest ads of the pro football season announced:
SEE THE FOUR HORSEMEN RIDE TOGETHER AGAIN
By the time Rockne and their players climbed off the train in New York, $100,000 worth of tickets had been sold for Sunday's game. Fifty six prominent New Yorkers had bought boxes at $100 each, and Charles Stoneham, owner of the baseball Giants, had donated the Polo Grounds rent free. From Grand Central, Rockne and their 32 All Stars were driven to City Hall where they met Mayor Walker and were interviewed over a three station national radio broadcast.
While the Fighting Irish were getting the grand tour, the Giants were at the Polo Grounds early Saturday morning for a short workout and signal drill. By the time the Notre Dame team arrived shortly before noon, Steve Owen was the only Giant still at the ball park. Spotting Rockne, Owen walked over to the famous coach and introduced himself.
"Oh sure, you're one of the Owen boys," said Rockne, quickly applying the needle. "There's two of you and both of you are very, very tough to play against. Don't know what we'll do with you tomorrow."
"Don't know about that," said Owen. "We'll be glad to do anything to help you today, but tomorrow what we do won't be to your advantage."
As soon as Owen left, Rockne told Harry March, who bad escorted them to the field, they couldn't watch the Notre Dame practice. Rockne also told the secretaries in the Giant office to keep their eyes on their work and off the field down below. If Rockne had something special planned for the Giants, they aren't going to let other people see it before the game.
One hour before game time, more than 50,000 fans were seated in the Polo Grounds, brightly decorated for the day with red and blue bunting on the Giant side and blue and gold on the Notre Dame side. Watching the pre game festivities, Mara had to smile. There were more musicians than football players in the Polo Grounds. Bands from New York University, the Police Department, and an American Legion post beat out endless choruses of "Cheer, Cheer for Old Notre Dame" and "East Side, West Side."
In the dressing rooms, the sounds of music made little impression. Seated on the rubbing table, Friedman was having their ankles taped when Knute Rockne, leaning heavily on a cane, limped over to him. Owen had told Benny that Rockne and their players were extremely confident, and Friedman was anxious to see for himself.
"How are you feeling?" asked Friedman after they had shaken hands.
"Just so so," said Rockne. "How about you?"
"Fine," said Benny, "just fine."
"That's too bad," said Rockne. "We've got a lot of boys who think they're football players. They may have a lot to learn today. " Rockne paused. "How about some concessions?" they asked. "Free substitutions?"
"Fine," said Friedman.
"Ten minute quarters?" asked Rockne.
"Twelve and a half minutes," said Friedman impishly as they shook hands again. "Anything else?"
"Yes, one thing," said Rockne. "For Pete's sake, take it easy.
Minutes later, Rockne gathered their All Stars for their traditional pre game pep talk. Looking around him, they saw the finest football players Notre Dame had ever produced the Four Horsemen, Harry Stuhldreher, Jim Crowley, Elmer Layden, and Don Miller, who had not worn Fighting Irish uniforms in six years; five of the Seven Mules, Adam Walsh, Joe Bach, Rip Miller, Noble Kizer, and Ed Hunsinger; Jack Chevigny, star of the 1928 team; Jack Cannon, John Law, Tim Moynihan, Ted Twomey, Joe Vezie, John Gebert, and Jack Elder of the unbeaten 1929 team; Bucky O'Connor and Frank Carideo of the undefeated 1930 team; and Hunk Anderson and Glenn (Judge) Carberry, two former Notre Damers who had played in the pros.
For Rockne, who was to die in a plane crash before the next football season, this was the last time they would coach a Notre Dame team. "Fellows, these Giants are heavy but slow," they told their players. "Go out there, score two or three touchdowns on passes in the first quarter and then defend and don't get hurt."
The Notre Dame All Stars were lucky to escape with their lives. The Giant line, which averaged close to 230 pounds, dwarfed the Notre Dame players as the two teams trotted onto the field. On the first play of the game, halfback Johnny Law, a muscular 170 pounders, took a good look at Steve Owen, a beefy 245, and turned to referee Tom Thorp. "Can you tell me," they asked, "how much time is there left to play?"
With Al Smith and Mayor Walker in the stands and coach Rockne bundled in blankets on the sideline, the Giants kicked off and the slaughter began. Within two minutes, Bill Owen broke through the Notre Dame line and dumped Stuhldreher in the end zone for a safety and a 2 0 lead. The Giants kicked off again but the Four Horsemen couldn't move the ball against the mammoth New York line. All told, Notre Dame backs gained 5 yards and lost 17 in the first quarter and couldn't advance past their own 40. Seven minutes into the first quarter, Sleepy Jim Crowley collapsed under two Giant tacklers, picked themselves up, and limped off the field.
"Why, only two men hit you!" said referee Thorp, grinning.
"You're right," answered Crowley, "but I didn't think they were going to come at me from the roof of the grandstand." Crowley was lucky; they were through for the afternoon.
Elder replaced Crowley, picked up 7 yards in one carry, and the Giants took over again. Friedman scored early in the second quarter on a 4 yard plunge and New York led 8 0. A kickoff, three running plays, and a punt, and New York was driving for another touchdown. Expecting a pass, right guard Noble Kize whispered to center Adam Walsh, "I'm going to pull out on this play and take the inside back on pass defense. So cover me here."
Walsh, who had already taken a full college season of pounding from the Giant line, grabbed Kizer by the elbow. "What, and leave me here all alone?" Walsh said. "Not on your life." In a rare display of teamwork, the two Notre Dame linemen waited until the Giant center had shifted the ball, and Walsh then raced Kizer to the safety of the sidelines.
Mixing their plays expertly, Friedman moved the ball to the Notre Dame 22. With third down and 7 yards to go, Friedman thought of the three principles coach Fielding Yost had instilled in them at Michigan.
1. Study the defense: Notre Dame was in a seven-man line.
2. Play for lateral position: The Giants already had the ball close to the middle of the field.
3. Find the disciple of Barnum: On every previous third down situation, Notre Dame's left guard Hunk Anderson had been playing the percentages. Expecting Friedman to pass, they would pull out of the line and drop back to defend about 5 yards behind the middle of the line of scrimmage. Hunk was Benny's man.
Once again Friedman took the ball on a direct snap, faked a pass, sending Anderson lumbering out of position, and then sliced over the exact hole Hunk had vacated. Once through the line of scrimmage four Notre Dame players got their arms around him, but Friedman pulled free and raced into the end zone "That," said veteran umpire Tom Thorp, "was one of the finest calls and executions I've ever seen." Friedman kicked the extra point and, at half time, New York led, 15 0.
Rockne was a thoroughly beaten man when Harry March 'Walked with them back to the dressing room. "I came here to help a charity and at a lot of trouble," said Rockne. "You are making us look bad. Slow up, will you? I don't want to go home and be laughed at. Lay off next half."
The Giants had proven their point and played many second stringers throughout the second half, but even this was too much for Notre Dame. Starting on their own 37 in the third quarter, Elder lost 4 yards, Stuhldreher 9, Elder 13, and Elder then punted to their own 42. Cagle then raced 15 yards, their longest gain as a Giant, and Hap Moran hit Campbell for the final touchdown. The score of 22 0 did not come close to showing the pros' superiority. The Giants ran up eight first downs to one for Notre Dame, outrushed the collegians 138 yards to 34, and completed seven of nineteen passes for 94 yards. Notre Dame's passers didn't complete a single one in nine attempts and two were intercepted. Notre Dame never got past its own 49 and the Fighting Irish got that far only once, in the second quarter. In four quarters of football, Notre Dame's two longest gains were Elder's 7-yard run in the opening quarter and Rex Enright's 12-yard dash for the only first down in the second.
In the Notre Dame dressing room, the players waited for Rockne's parting words. "That was the greatest football machine I ever saw," said Rockne. "I am glad none of you got hurt."
After showering and dressing, Friedman headed upstairs to see Tim Mara in Charles Stoneham's private office. The Giants had taken in $115,153, but one totally unexpected problem had cropped up. Notre Dame, which had contributed its services for living and traveling expenses only, had turned in a sizable list of expenses. It was ridiculously high, finishing off with: MISCELLANEOUS $5,000.
Mara showed the Notre Dame expenses to Friedman and then pointed to the last item. "Miscellaneous?" said Benny. "I don't remember him. Where did they play?"
Mara chuckled and Friedman offered a suggestion. "Look, let's knock off fifteen thousand dollars to cover the expenses and give the city a check for an even hundred thousand," said Friedman, who had devoted their services free of charge. "Nobody will know the difference and you won't wind up losing your own money."
When the U.S. government sells a Treasury security, it is making a promise to pay back the money, with interest, according to a set schedule.
Businesses and individuals make promises like this all the time. They're effectively (and often explicitly) contracts. When you renege on one, you'd better have good reason. Simply choosing not to honor a contract because you don't feel like it earns you a lawsuit and a deserved reputation as a deadbeat.
Those who fail to meet their obligations because of some event out of their control (the legal term for such eventualities appears to be “frustration” or “impossibility”) are often let off. Those who simply run out of money have the remedy of bankruptcy court. Renege on your obligations with no good reason, though, and you are granted no such mercy. You shouldn't be. The sanctity of contracts is at the heart of the success of the capitalist enterprise over the past two centuries. Mess with it at your peril.
You probably already know where I'm going with this. The U.S. government is currently toying with the possibility of reneging on its promises, even though it has the resources to honor them. This may not be exactly how it looks from Washington, where the battle over raising the debt ceiling is all about budget priorities and political optics. But from the perspective of those who have entered into explicit or implicit contracts with the U.S. — especially the buyers of Treasury securities, but also Social Security recipients, military contractors, you name it — even hinting at default looks suspiciously like the behavior of a scoundrel.
It's pretty clear where the power to avoid breach of contract currently lies. Yes, there's an ongoing debate between the Administration and Republican Congressional leaders over how to reduce the deficit. And yes, the Treasury surely has ways to shuffle money around and delay some payments in order to avoid stiffing bondholders after August 2. But the power to raise the debt ceiling and avert the risk of default lies entirely in the hands of the Republican majority in the House and, to a lesser extent, the Republican minority in the Senate. If no strings were attached, the Democrats would approve the necessary legislation and the President would sign it in a flash.
The Republicans have understandably been using this power as a bargaining chip to get a better deal in the deficit negotiations. But there comes a point where a responsible negotiator declares victory and moves on, which is what House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell would dearly love to do. But the Tea Party wing of the Republican Party won't let them. This doesn't appear to be just a negotiating ploy. These people would rather risk breaking contracts than compromise, and opinion polls indicate that a lot of voters feel the same way (although the tide does appear to be turning against them).
This behavior makes clear just how unhelpful labels like conservative and liberal have become lately. My primer on the moral authority of contracts has been Harvard Law Professor Charles Fried's Contract as Promise, written in 1981 (four years before Fried went to Washington to become Ronald Reagan's Solicitor General) as a defense of the “classical liberal” (what most Americans would call conservative) approach to contracts against an assault from the Left. Yet now a group of politicians who call themselves conservatives appear willing to cheerfully repudiate the contracts that the U.S. government has entered into — or, perhaps worse, cheerfully pretend that their actions aren't putting the country at risk of default.
Historian Mark Lilla wrote a provocative essay last year exploring the roots of what they called the “Tea Party Jacobins” — their philosophy an amalgam of 1960s anarchism and 1980s selfishness:
The new Jacobins have two classic American traits that have grown much more pronounced in recent decades: blanket distrust of institutions and an astonishing — and unwarranted — confidence in the self. They are apocalyptic pessimists about public life and childlike optimists swaddled in self-esteem when it comes to their own powers.
I don't know if that's true, but it sure is fun to read. And the description does fit some aspects of the debt ceiling debate. It also fits some more positive phenomena — think of the general Internet-era disdain for established institutions and old ways of doing business. Still … contracts? Do we really want to just start ignoring them?
Of course, a lot of newly elected Republican House members can say, with some justification, that they have a contract with the people who elected them not to raise taxes, ever. With the federal tax burden currently the lowest it's been in 68 years (measured by tax receipts as a share of GDP), this does seem an odd pledge to have made. But that's another argument, for another day. The House GOP newcomers are free to vote to increase the debt ceiling and against any new taxes, thus maintaining the sanctity of both contracts (if not necessarily their viability in the next Republican primary).
The real problem here, in fact, may lie with the very existence of the debt ceiling. It's been around since 1917, when Congress, in legislation designed to fund the U.S. entry into World War I, first started giving the Treasury significant leeway in designing and selling debt securities. Lawmakers imposed the debt limit to keep some control over the process. By setting it as a dollar amount and not adjusting for inflation or the size of the economy, they ensured that raising it would be a frequent necessity. After a brief respite during the flush late 1990s, there have been 10 votes to raise the ceiling since 2001, usually accompanied by some amount of Sturm und Drang.
I used to think this was a healthy if often silly exercise, forcing Washington to face up to the potential dangers of its deficits long before investors in U.S. debt securities did. But now it's the very existence of the debt ceiling that's beginning to scare investors.
There is an argument that the very existence of the debt limit is unconstitutional, given that the 14th Amendment decrees that “the validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned.”
Invoking this clause and ignoring the debt ceiling would probably not be a great political move for the Obama Administration, and the President has so far avoided talk of this possibility. But it would be in keeping with the time-honored conservative teaching that contracts are sacred.
Some more Space Marine pictures from the up-coming release and of course, the new Black Legion supplement previews are making the rounds.
Hopefully the Black Legion supplement can shore up the flagging Chaos book currently and we'll see a lot more legion supplements to come. It still baffles me though that these rules cannot be included in the main codex – I think the supplements are great for giving lots of great detail about the background, some cool beer & pretzel scenarios, etc. but if the only rules changes are one – two pages long, how hard is it to put them within the main book? Little gripes but then I cannot think positively of GW market decisions so :P.
Some Space Marine Tacticals and the new AA tank which have been circling as well which I haven't put up yet.
And the Space Marines. The Tacticals seem to have a few of the new bits like Grav guns, different legs, etc.
And some Centurion rules from 40k Radio:
Codex Space Marines Details
1. Centurion “devastator” come with Twin-Linked Heavy bolter and hurricane bolter for 60 pts. You can have up to 6 in a squad.
2. Legion of the Damned have flaming projectiles. All ranged attacks have ignored cover special rule.
3. Black Templars are in the book. They can not take some selections but have access to Centurions, Thunderfires, and so on. They have special rules for Chapter Tactics.
4.Chapter Tactics for the following chapters: Ultramarines, White Scars, Imperial Fist, Salamanders, Iron Hands, and Raven Guard. They have two special rules per choice.
Notes on Centurions:
Centurions can be taken as Elites or Heavy.
Heavy support are the devastator option. They come with twin-linked Heavy bolters and Hurricane bolters. Hurricane can be upgraded to missile and HB upgraded to Twin- Las cannon or Grav-cannon and grav-amp.
Can upgrade to omniscope which gives night fight and split fire special rules.
They can select a Land Raider as dedicated transport.
Special Rules: Slow and Purposeful, Decimator Protocols(Can fire up to two weapons in each shooting phase), Very Bulky, Chapter Tactics, and TSKNF.
Elites are the assault option. They come with Siege Drills at S9, twin-linked flamers and Ironclad assault launchers. They can upgrade flamers to meltas and assault launcher can be upgraded to hurricane bolters.
Can upgrade to omniscope which gives night fight and split fire special rules.
They can select a Land Raider as dedicated transport.
Special Rules: Move through cover, Slow and Purposeful, Decimator Protocols(Can fire up to two weapons in each shooting phase), Very Bulky, Chapter Tactics, and TSKNF.
Graviton weapons are AP:2
Elon Musk is serious about turning their Hyperloop system into a legitimate form of transport for passengers and freight. To help with that, SpaceX sponsors a Hyperloop pod competition, where teams compete to develop the most well-design and fastest pods.
The first competition was in January with team Warr, consisting of 30 students from the Technical University of Munich, winning. The second pod competition just finished, and team Warr won again, but with a much more impressive showing.
Here's Warr's winning pod in action at SpaceX's 1.25km test track:
According to Engadget, the winning pod reached a top speed of 202mph (324km/h). Only three teams made it to the final of this second competition: Warr, Paradigm, and Swissloop. Paradigm came in second with a maximum speed of 60mph, while Swissloop managed 25mph.
Warr had an impressive speed advantage over the competition, but also over its previous entry. Back in January, Warr won the first competition with a pod that maxed out at 58mph, so they almost quadrupled the speed in six months.
The Warr Hyperloop Pod II weighs 80kg and is powered by a 50kW motor providing 40Nm of torque allowing it to accelerate from 0-350km/h in just 12 seconds. Energy is supplied from a 132-cell lithium-polymer battery system. The weight is kept to a minimum through the use of carbon fiber allowing the outer structure to weigh just 20kg.
Musk is confident that the speed of Hyperloop pods can be pushed as high as 600mph on the SpaceX test track. Imagine how journey times would tumble if he's right and a Hyperloop network is installed across the US.
In May 2016, PCMag was in the Las Vegas desert for the first public test of a hyperloop propulsion system by Hyperloop One. The entire test lasted less than five seconds; it was a modest but important milestone in the implementation of an idea that Elon Musk famously proposed in 2013. See more in the video below.
Two of Mexico's biggest clubs, Atlas and Veracruz, are battling for the signature of Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes, according to Mundo Deportivo.
Valdes has been frozen out at Man United after falling out with Louis van Gaal over an apparent refusal to play for the U21s last season.
Van Gaal reportedly banned the 33-year-old from training with the first-team and did not invite them to a UNICEF charity dinner event earlier this term.
The Spanish shot stopper has a contract with Man United until the end of the season but is likely to leave when the January transfer window opens.
Newcastle United and Celta Vigo were also said to be in for Valdes but it appears as if their interest has cooled.
Valdes has enjoyed a hugely successful career and it is a shame to see it fizzle out in meek fashion at United. It would be best for all parties involved if they left in January.
The Riot Act of 1714.
The Riot Act 1714 was an Act of Parliament of Great Britain that authorised local authorities to declare any group of twelve persons or more to be unlawfully gathered, and thus have to disperse or face punitive action. The Act, whose real title was long and read as such:
“An Act for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing of the rioters.”
The Act came into force on the 1st August 1715. It was repealed for England and Wales by section 10(2) of, and part III of schedule 3 to, The Criminal Law Act of 1967.
The Riot Act of 1714 was introduced during a time of civil disturbance in Great Britain, such as the Sacheverell Riots of 1710, the Coronation riots of 1714 and the 1715 riots in England. The preamble makes reference to 'many rebellious riots and tumults (that) have been (taking place of late) in some parts of this kingdom,” adding that those involved presum(e) so to do, for that punishments provided by the laws now in being are not adequate to such heinous offences.”
The Act created a mechanism for certain local officials to make a proclamation ordering the dispersal of any group of more than twelve persons who were ‘unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together.' If the group failed to disperse within one hour, then anyone remaining gathered was guilty of a felony without benefit of clergy, punishable by death.
The Riot Act had to read out in full including, in particular, ‘God save the King.'
Several convictions were overturned because parts of the proclamation had been omitted.
The last time it was used ‘in anger' was on the 3rd August 1919 in Birkenhead during the second Police strike when large numbers of police officers from Birkenhead, Liverpool and Bootle joined the strike. Troops had to be called in to deal with rioting and looting that sprang up and a magistrate read out the Riot Act. None of the Rioters subsequently faced the charge of a statutory felony. It was also used in the same year in Glasgow during the ‘Battle of George Square,' where 90,000 people were involved. Here as the City Sheriff was reading the Act out, the paper was snatched from their hand by one of the rioters.
However, it is claimed that it was also read out at a bonfire in the village of Chiddingfold, Surrey, in 1929.
The Riot Act was repealed on the 18th July 1973 for the United Kingdom by the Stature Law (Repeals) Act 1973. By this time the Riot Act was no longer punishable by death.
Researched and written by David Rowland, Author and Researcher
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ed Davey: "Try to avoid this charge, we want you to re-use your plastic bags"
A 5p charge for plastic bags in England is to be introduced by the government in a bid to discourage their use.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg is to unveil the plans at the Liberal Democrat party conference this weekend.
Ministers are said to be concerned at the environmental impact of the bags, particularly on waterborne animals.
The charge, which will only apply to supermarkets and larger stores, will begin after the 2015 election, with the proceeds going to charities.
A similar charge applying to the single-use carrier bags made from both plastic and paper is already in effect in Wales and Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland's Environment Minister, Mark H Durkan, this week announced they were not going ahead with plans to raise the levy to 10p per bag, because the present arrangements were proving successful.
They said data from major supermarkets showed there had been an 80% reduction in plastic bag use since the levy was brought in.
Retailers in Scotland will start charging for bags in October 2014.
According to Liberal Democrat sources, the charge in Wales, which began in 2011, has seen the use of plastic bags drop by roughly 75%.
Liberal Democrat Energy and Climate Change Secretary Ed Davey said their party had faced opposition to the scheme from the Conservatives.
They said the charge would only raise "pretty small amounts" for charity, as its intention was to get people to reduce the amount they use.
Speaking to BBC Breakfast, they said: "It is a huge environmental step forward.
'Tough times'
"We are very clear that none of this money will come to government, we are not trying to tax people, we are trying to change people's behaviour, encourage much more environmentally-friendly behaviour."
This small step will do little to tackle the nation's huge waste mountain Craig Bennett, Friends of the Earth
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said there was enthusiasm for the plans among major retailers but there had been opposition from government colleagues.
Speaking on a visit to Cathkin Marsh nature reserve, near Glasgow, they said that plastic bags were often used for just a few minutes but "take 1,000 years to degrade".
They said: "That's not just bad for the environment, they are a terrible eyesore on our beautiful countryside. They cause a lot of suffering for animals, particularly marine wildlife."
Mr Clegg said they hoped any money raised by the levy would be donated to environmental charities.
They added: "Of course there are debates in government on something like this, this is a big change. But it's one that I was very keen to do and I think we will now do it - not overnight, it will happen by the end of 2015.
"But I think very quickly, just as in the way people are accepting it in Wales where there has been an up to 80% drop in the use of plastic bags, people will get used to it and support it."
Andy Walker from the campaign group, Keep Britain Tidy, said that free plastic bags came with a "cost to the environment".
"Our supporters up and down the country end up cleaning bags from water courses, from beaches, from the High Street... so we believe it'll reduce the incidence of bags there," they said.
"But it will also influence behaviour change - people will start to take reusable bags with them to the supermarket and that will actually make a big difference to the environment."
But Matthew Sinclair, from the Taxpayers' Alliance, said the charge was an unnecessary measure that would have little impact on overall waste.
"This is not just a small share of waste, this is a tiny share of waste," they said.
"And I don't think that for every problem the answer is a new tax.
Image caption Supermarkets have already been encouraging customers to reduce their use of carrier bags
"There are already a number of different schemes to encourage people to think about using reusable bags, there are other schemes which involve using the carrot rather than the stick of a new tax."
Craig Bennett, policy and campaigns director of Friends of the Earth, said: "A plastic bag charge is welcome news, but let's not get carried away.
"This small step will do little to tackle the nation's huge waste mountain and can't disguise the government's woeful green record."
They said tougher action and ambitious targets were needed to to cut waste, boost recycling and "bring England in line with the rest of the UK and much of Europe".
BBC political correspondent Robin Brant said ministers acknowledged that shoppers may be unhappy about the prospect of the charge in what are "tough times" but the coalition believed it needed to tackle their use.
A number of supermarkets already encourage customers to limit their use of carrier bags by giving them loyalty points for providing their own. Marks & Spencer charges 5p for its plastic carrier bags, donating the profits to charities and education projects, but still gives out smaller bags.
Charities involved in clearing up the environmental damage caused by plastic bags will benefit from money raised by the new charge.
Groups such as the Campaign to Protect Rural England, Keep Britain Tidy, the Marine Conservation Society and Surfers Against Sewage have long called for a charge. They said plastic bags littered England's streets and countryside.
The bags, they say, have proved harmful to wildlife which become entangled in them or think they are food.
Dennis Christensen, shown in a file photo, was arrested May 25, 2017, in Oryol, Russia, in a raid by police and security agents on a worship service by Jehovah's Witnesses, according to the group's spokesperson in New York. (Photo11: Courtesy of Jehovah's Witnesses)
A Danish national was arrested this week during a police raid in the central city of Oryol, Russia, during a worship service by members of the Jehovah's Witnesses, which Russia recently banned as an extremist organization.
The Dane was identified as Dennis Christensen, according to a spokesperson for the religious organization in New York.
Christensen was picked up in the raid Thursday night by Oryol police and agents of the FSB, the successor to the KGB.
The officers also confiscated a Bible, religious literature, laptops and hard drives, according to the SOVA Center for Information and Analysis, a Russian non-profit group that tracks human rights issues in the country.
Russia's Supreme Court last month formally banned Jehovah's Witnesses as an extremist organization and ordered the state to seize its property in Russia.
The Interfax news agency quoted Justice Ministry attorney Svetlana Borisova in court as saying the religious group “poses a threat to the rights of the citizens, public order and public security.”
Borisova also said the Jehovah's Witnesses' opposition to blood transfusions violates Russian health care laws.
Documents posted by the Oryol region district court said Christensen was accused of committing a "serious crime" under the laws pertaining to an extremist organization and ordered held until trial.
Yaroslav Sivulsky, a lawyer for the local group, told the Russian website Mediazone that Christensen was arrested only because they were reading the Bible along with other worshippers, Radio Liberty reported.
David A. Semonian, a spokesperson at the Jehovah's Witnesses' world headquarters, said followers worldwide "are now even more concerned about our fellow worshippers in Russia."
"These disturbing events are clearly aftereffects of the Russian Supreme Court's unjust decision against us," they said.
The Jehovah's Witnesses, which has some 175,000 followers in that country, first legally registered as a religious group in Russia in 1991 and re-registered in 1999, according to the organization's international website.
In February, investigators inspected the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses in St. Petersburg, the independent Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported. More than 70,000 pages of documents were confiscated for the General Prosecutor's Office, according to Russia's Sova Center of Information and Analysis, which monitors hate crimes and the enforcement of anti-extremist laws.
Earlier this month, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they raised their concerns over the Jehovah's Witnesses ban and other human rights issues in a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2r9asdA
At MIT, bright young engineers are still asked to tackle devilish math problems on their way to a degree.
But officials at Boston Public Schools (BPS) are hoping they can turn their attention to the world outside. Like the problem the district faces each morning: how to get thousands of students to school using more than 600 buses without burning through too much money or learning time.
They're counting on two young engineers from MIT, and a special algorithm, to make a difference where trained staff and experience can't.
Arthur Delarue and Sebastien Martin are doctoral students. They developed "Quantum" with a faculty adviser, Dimitris Bertsimas. It looks like a simple piece of software — imagine Google Maps but for school buses. But it runs on powerful math.
Both men are French and studying operations research. "Basically, we try to make math useful," says Delarue, just 21, of their field.
Arthur Delarue, left, and Sebastien Martin speak to reporters at BPS headquarters in Roxbury. (Max Larkin/WBUR)
The 'Traveling Salesman Problem'
The math in question begins with a 200-year-old conundrum. It's called the "traveling salesperson problem." Simply put, the question is how to find the most efficient way to pass through a series of points on a map without doubling back.
It may sound simple, but for more than a century, the world's best mathematical minds have contended with the problem.
Jordan Ellenberg, who teaches math at the University of Wisconsin, says it's the number of possible routes that makes finding the best one so difficult.
"When I say 'a lot,' I mean 'a lot, a lot, a lot' — to use a technical term."
Mathematical advancements and faster computers have made it a lot easier to find a single, nearly optimal route. But Ellenberg says assembling a school bus schedule is worlds more complicated.
"It's not just one traveling salesperson, it's many buses going from place to place," they say. "It just multiplies the possibilities you have to optimize over enormously."
Enormously indeed. Martin calculates that there are literally trillions of ways Boston's many bus routes could come together.
Factoring In Additional Problems
So it's not enough to find the best route for each of the more than 200 given schools — district, charter and parochial.
"We have a second problem," Martin says. "How to choose the solution for each school so that we have the best routes overall."
A preview of the Quantum routing interface. (Max Larkin/WBUR)
Any computer program has to contend with the context, too. Some students need buses that accommodate wheelchairs, while others need home pickup. All of these problems get solved amid construction and Boston's snarling traffic patterns.
The algorithm draws on adviser Bertsimas' research to address the regular bottlenecks and the odd occasional delay of traffic.
Martin explains that, "First we take into account all the average traffic, and then we add some slack to make sure that even if things go wrong, we still have some time."
So developing a master algorithm that comes up with a maximally efficient way to handle all those factors is a one-in-a-million math problem — something out of "Good Will Hunting."
But Delarue and Martin won an open "transportation challege" BPS announced earlier this year because of how well their algorithm does just that.
John Hanlon, director of operations for BPS, says that in past years, their transportation staff has had to labor over each new set of bus routes, and they still faced half-empty buses, late arrivals and high costs.
Transportation costs BPS $110 million a year, as much per student as almost any other city in America. As the district tries to close a structural deficit, it's the line item that looms largest.
So, Hanlon says, Quantum could represent a sea change in how routes are drawn and redrawn. "It takes a team of six to eight individuals about four weeks to complete the routing [each year]," Hanlon says. "The Quantum team solution can do all that in 30 minutes."
Hanlon said they also hope the process to the find the Quantum engineers represents a broader leap forward in government, "a new era" in which brilliant outsiders can help cities like Boston solve complex problems. The district estimates the program could help downsize the fleet by 50 buses next year, saving $3 million to $5 million.
John Hanlon of BPS works through a demo with the two engineers. (Max Larkin/WBUR)
But Quantum is still untested on the open road. Critics like Andre Francois, president of the bus drivers' union, recall a moment earlier this decade when new routing software contributed to many buses running late.
Francois says that's a flaw you'll find in any maps that rely on machines.
"Machines don't make routes. Humans make routes," they say. "Machines send you to one-ways, dead-ends. These things never work!"
Francois adds that the city announced the changes "like a thief in the night," and that they are willing to bet money that the program would result in more late buses in the fall, not fewer.
Delarue, however, defends the software and the district's approach, saying BPS officials have reviewed their findings "so every single route will have been checked by people with years or even decades of experience."
Delarue and Martin will stay on with the district to see how their software performs, but like us, they won't find out whether Quantum passes or fails its test until the fall.
Frustrated: Manchester United's Shinji Kagawa is not happy being out of the side (Picture: AP)
Shinji Kagawa has voiced their frustration at being left out in the cold by new Manchester United boss David Moyes, telling journalists to ask the Scot themselves why they are not currently in the side.
The Japanese playmaker was speaking after scoring a stunning goal in their country's 3-1 win over Ghana, a rare game for the 24-year-old as they have only played seven minutes for United this season.
United fans have been scratching their heads as to why the former Borussia Dortmund schemer, twice the Bundesliga player of the year, has seemingly been frozen out by Moyes and the man themselves seems to be perplexed by their current situation.
‘Please ask David Moyes why I'm not in the side,' Kagawa said when asked by journalists why they were not getting into the United team.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘It is frustrating not playing but to score a goal like that gives me confidence. Hopefully I can take that back to my club with me and things will improve.'
MORE: Shinji Kagawa determined to fight for Manchester United spot with Marouane Fellaini
International star: Kagawa in action for Japan in their friendly against Guatemala (Picture: Getty Images)
Kagawa proved to be an instant hit with the Old Trafford faithful by former manager Sir Alex Ferguson in June last year, but was an unused substitute for the games against Swansea and Chelsea and was not in the matchday squad for United's 1-0 loss at Liverpool before the international break.
‘It's hard not playing regularly. Some days the frustration is worse than others — it comes in waves,' they said.
‘So it's nice to come back to Japan and get to play, and to score felt good. I missed one in the first half tonight so when the chance opened up in the second for me to shoot I wanted to take it on,'
‘I think I caught it flush – I don't remember. I just have to keep working hard and keep pushing for my chance. When I get back it will be a challenge to get into the team.'
MORE: Manchester United's transfer problems have been around longer than David Moyes
Hello, everyone!Sorry I've been inactive, life's been very stressful lately... but as for now, here I am~So, starting a new series, here comes the Pokémon Trainer Ponies!I started with Twilight randomly. Let's see their Pokés~Twily was Twilight's first pokémon, given to them as an eevee from Shining Armor before they went on their journey. The Eevee got its nickname from the way Twilight's big brother used to call her, as a way to make them feel closer to him. It ended up evolving to an Espeon, perfect for Twilight's taste for psychic pokés.Owlowiscious came one night thought Twilight's window and ended up staying.Spike was hatched from an egg given to Twilight. He's still a baby, but he's very precious to them and has a lot of potencial.Cutie was found in the wild and as soon as Twilight saw it, they uttered the words "my cutie mark!" Upon capturing it, they ended up nicknaming it so. It's also a psychic-type, though being part water.Know-it-all and Twilight had a once in a lifetime encounter and it, being the legendary pokémon of knowledge, felt the great urge of knowing from the trainer, and decided to accompany them for the time being. It's still a bit offended by the nickname it got, though.Rage is dear to Twilight as for when they are very angry, people often say they look like a Rapidash. Luckily, it doesn't happen often. Twilight really likes Rage's horn, for some reason.Phew, that's it for now!~ let's wait for the next one~~Done in Illustrator CS2. The Pokémon images are from Bulbapedia.Applejack: fav.me/d8lobk9 Pinkie Pie: fav.me/d8oezk9 Rarity: fav.me/d8pgu4h Fluttershy: fav.me/d8rvf5l Rainbow Dash: fav.me/d8ufqai Celestia and Luna: fav.me/d8yyx2q Trixie Lulamoon: fav.me/d92se6h
Earlier this week Loblaw Companies Ltd., Canada's largest grocery chain, admitted it took part in an industry-wide scheme to jack up the price of bread. The collusion, according to Loblaw, had gone on for more than 14 years.
Consumers have expressed outrage at the revelation, though anyone who has shopped for bread in recent years certainly wouldn't be surprised to hear prices were pushed up. A glance at Statistics Canada's data on food prices and the consumer price index, which compares the cost of a fixed set of goods and services over time, seems to show the price fixing in action. Throughout the 1990s prices for bread moved in tandem with other food prices and the overall consumer price index. Then just after the price-fixing scheme began, bread prices started to climb dramatically.
While the StatsCan data can't put a dollar amount on the increase in bread prices, it can offer insight into how much bread prices changed compared to other foods bought at Canadian grocers over that time period.
While several other grocery stores are under investigation, Loblaws, along with its parent company George Weston Ltd, will receive immunity from criminal charges for tipping off the Competition Bureau and co-operating with its investigation.
Starting in January, Loblaws will offer customers who bought bread before March 2015, a $25 gift card as a goodwill gesture.
Big Time Small-Time Dicks Welcome to Big Time Small-Time Dicks, a regular column on The Slot that explores local politicians, small-town scandals, and everything else making life miserable on a local level.
Illinois Rep. Jeanne Ives, who once described gay marriage as “a completely disordered relationship,” has shared an extremely transphobic and homophobic op-ed on their personal Facebook page that warns Illinois families that legislation protecting against gender identity-based discrimination will erode public schools.
The post, called “Christians Must Exit Government Schools,” is from IllinoisFamily.org, a non-profit organization classified by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group. According to its website, it “has worked to advance public policy initiatives consistent with Judeo-Christian teachings and traditions, educating citizens so that they can better influence their local communities and the state.”
Here is an excerpt, which talks about “homo-activists” and “trans-activists” like this:
These activists teach other people's children that homoeroticism and biological-sex rejection (i.e., “transgenderism”) are phenomena to be celebrated. They teach them that there is no difference between a marriage between a man and a woman and an anti-marriage between two people of the same-sex. They teach them that expressing the belief that homoerotic activity or cross-dressing and bodily mutilation are wrong is equivalent to bullying and the cause of teen suicide. They teach them that men can be mommies, and women daddies. They teach them that to be loving, compassionate, and inclusive, they must lie by calling gender-pretending peers by opposite-sex pronouns, and they must be willing to relinquish their privacy. They expose them to plays, novels, and essays with obscene language that depict deviant sexuality positively. They teach them that every person who believes homoeroticism and co-ed locker rooms are wrong is hateful—which includes many children's parents.
Advertisement
In their post, Ives notes that this is “happening in Wheaton schools too,” the conservative district that they represent.
Just in case their views on public school education were unclear, Ives also recently called teachers “the most uncourageous group around.”
Members of the Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology spoke on the convergence of physical and cybersecurity at the British Embassy June 2, 2015, at a meeting attended by representatives from the United States government, the British government, and critical infrastructure sectors including Energy and Finance.
The event featured a presentation by Danyetta Magana (President and Founder of Covenant Security Solutions and an ICIT Fellow) and David Evans (Founder of iSecure Global), who have formed a strategic partnership merging their expertise and technologies to address the convergence of physical and cybersecurity in an “internet of things” era. Attendees had the opportunity to learn innovative approaches to securing their critical infrastructure assets, with a focus on the energy, health, financial and critical manufacturing sectors which have a need for both on premise and digital security. Ms. Magana noted that, for example, the U.S. National power grid faces a physical or online attacks 1 in every 4 days. Their solution to combat the issue is SOFIA, a security platform which allows an organization the ability to manage physical and digital security controls from one tool.
Parham Eftekhari, a Sr. Fellow and Co-Founder at ICIT, gave a talk on the importance of strong cybersecurity legislation to ensuring the resiliency of critical infrastructure networks and emphasized the role that objective, non-partisan advisory for the legislative community plays in the legislative process. Mr. Eftekhari also reviewed the ICIT's recent analysis of HR 1560: Protecting Cyber Networks Act, noting that with the passage of the USA Freedom Act by the Senate ICIT expects other cyber legislation to once again start being discussed by the House and Senate.
About ICIT: The Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology (www.ICITech.org) is a non-partisan think tank providing objective advising to the legislative and federal community on technology and cybersecurity issues. ICIT Fellows provide expertise on technology legislation as well as general thought leadership to Senate and House members, congressional staffers, federal agency leaders and the critical infrastructure community through ICIT briefings and other direct engagements.
For more information call 202-600-7250 x101 or email parham@icitech.org
BOSTON — Two former Massachusetts governors planned to meet Wednesday with current Gov. Charlie Baker to promote an underground rail connection between North Station and South Station in Boston, adding to the pile of hoped-for improvements to the region's strained transit system.
The idea of linking the two major transit hubs, roughly one mile apart, has been discussed on and off for decades but never pursued beyond design studies or other preliminary planning.
The former governors, Democrat Michael Dukakis and Republican William Weld, and other supporters of a North-South rail link say it would create a more modern and efficient regional transportation network. They argue it would unite the north, south and western branches of the state's commuter rail system and provide for the possibility of uninterrupted Amtrak passenger service between Washington, D.C., and Maine.
But Rep. Bill Straus of Mattapoisett said a North-South station link "would take the oxygen away from all other projects in the state for the next 10 to 20 years."
"I think it would affect not just the South Coast Rail but really every other transportation project on the drawing board in Massachusetts," they said.
Straus, co-chair of the Joint Transportation Committee, said the proposed project would require "untold billions of dollars because of engineering obstacles which have never been addressed."
"I don't think it's a good idea," Straus said. "Proponents have not pointed out that it's not a question of railroad connection between the north and south stations. For the train to get at that depth of 140 feet underneath the Big Dig, the tunnel would have been three to four miles long.
"All diesel trains now in the system would have to be replaced with ones that run electric because it's not safe to run diesel train engine inside an enclosed tunnel."
Baker said Tuesday they viewed the meeting as a "learning opportunity" but offered no commitments.
"I'm interested in hearing what both governors ... have to say," said Baker, a Republican who once worked in Weld's administration. "It's incumbent upon us that we build a forward looking, five-year capital plan for state government generally and transit and transportation stuff in particular, which is what this would be a discussion about."
Dukakis and Weld have not said what they think the project would cost but suggested in an op-ed article in The Boston Globe last month that it could ease congestion at both North and South stations, eliminating the need for costly expansions of them.
The former governors said automated tunnel-boring machines would cost less and create far fewer disruptions than occurred during the Big Dig highway project.
But Wednesday's meeting comes just weeks after a fiscal control board that is overseeing the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority was told that another major project, the expansion of the Green Line to Somerville and Medford, could cost up to $1 billion more than originally planned.
The MBTA is also still reeling from massive breakdowns that brought portions of the aging system to a halt during severe weather last winter. The agency recently revealed that its State of Good Repair backlog had grown to $7.3 billion.
Dukakis served three terms as governor in the 1970s and 1980s and has been an ardent mass transit supporter. As governor, they often rode the Green Line from their Brookline home to the Statehouse and served on Amtrak's board after leaving office. They were the 1988 Democratic nominee for president.
Weld succeeded Dukakis as governor and also supported the rail link while in office.
I have always supported the most progressive candidate in the presidential race, every race. Most times I have not endorsed them but have promoted them and their ideas to the rival more centrist candidates who then became our better suited nominee. This election cycle it has has been inspiring to watch Senator Sanders bring ideas to the forefront and push the whole Democratic Party to recognize the importance of issues that otherwise might have been overlooked. That was the reason why we spoke last week, to discuss the issues that we both care about, and to see how we can continue to uplift marginalized voices across the country.
I have a profound respect Senator Bernie Sanders and the campaign they have built, full of enthusiasm from a new generation of Americans. I applaud the idealism of the younger generation who grew up with nothing but 9/11 and student loans and the great recession. I respect their desire to break with the past that has been so unkind to their generation. As we enter the homestretch of the primary season, we still need the energy of the Bernie Sanders campaign, as it makes our party stronger. My personal politics are even to the left of the platform that Bernie Sanders stands on today, so keep pushing forward the ideals of the Vermont Senator, as it will only make us a more progressive nation. I will continue to champion those who feel left out of the political process and I will always fight for a government that represents the people, and not the corporations. I was on the front lines of Occupy Wall Street and I know that corruption in Washington from lobbyists, business people and special interest groups have brought our democracy to a standstill. It needs to be re-started and although I believe Senator Sanders has great ideas, I believe that Secretary Clinton has great ideas combined with the experience to get the job done.
That is why I proudly endorse Hillary Clinton to be the next President of the United States. I have known and worked with Secretary Clinton for over 20 years. Inspired by their determination to reverse the Rockefeller Drug Laws in New York State, I hosted a Hillary at my home when they were first running for the U.S. Senate. I once took them as my "date" to the Congressional Black Caucus Ball in Washington and spent the whole night listening to them discussing and supporting meaningful legislation with its members. I know for a fact that Hillary will fight with every thing they got to reverse the cancerous growth of our prison population -- the single most pressing issue facing black and brown communities today.
(And, yes, I'm aware that it was Bill Clinton's Violent Crime Control Act that ignited that growth. I also remember that the bill's intention was to decrease urban violence, that it enjoyed widespread support in the black community, and that it was backed by a solid number of black Democrats -- and by Bernie Sanders. No one predicted then that the law would be enforced in such a way as to incarcerate a generation of black men.)
Hillary's first speech of their campaign was about criminal justice reform, and I am proud that they have made it a centerpiece of their platform. They continue to impress me during this election season with their insightful ideas on how to make America's economy strengthen and how to uplift all Americans, regardless of race, gender, color, sexual orientation or religion.
Secretary Clinton is my choice for President because their idealism combined with pragmatism is absolutely essential to winning the election in November. Donald Trump can brag all day about their deal-making, but it's Hillary, working in government, who's proved to be a champion negotiator. And without Donald releasing their tax returns, no one really knows just how good they claim to be. The dark forces of the Republican Party are real, being led by anger and hatred, and we must combat that with a candidate who can unite us all and have a clear path to the victory. I look forward to making history with Hillary Clinton on November 8, 2016.
August 20, 2012 -- GreenLeftTV/Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal -- "Why is it that an Australian, facing prosecution from a European country, decides to appeal for asylum to a South American republic?" Tariq Ali asked and eloquently answered this important question when they spoke outside the embassy of Ecuador in London on August 19, 2012. Ali spoke just before Wikileaks founder Julian Assange addressed the press and supporters from the balcony of the embassy, where they have been granted political asylum by the progressive government of Ecuador.
Ali explained that the support for Wikileaks from Ecuador and other Latin American countries is due to the Bolivarian revolution -- a mass movement of the oppressed majority -- that is sweeping the continent. They pointed out this started in Venezuela, when the poor rose up and said "no" to the IMF. It then spread to Bolivia and Ecuador and beyond. The Bolivarian movement has won elections and defeated coups. Ali notes that these movements are moving in the opposite direction to the West, challenging corporate interests, reversing privatisation. This is why it is Ecuador that has come to Assange's aid.
Images of the Bolivarian revolution by Peter Boyle.
YBLTV Giveaway: EZVIZ Mini Plus 1080p Wi-Fi Indoor Cloud Camera
EZVIZ Mini Plus is a Terrific, Indoor Smart Home Wi-Fi Camera
What a terrific smart home Wi-Fi camera from EZVIZ! Running on the oh-so-wonderful, adaptable EZVIZ platform, the Mini Plus is smart and built for your connected home. How cool is it that it works with all of our apps, websites, email accounts and smart devices using IFTTT — I had never known what IFTTT meant until now! — “If this, then that!”
EZVIZ‘ Channel Marketing Manager, Zachary Erwin gave us a great overview of the Mini Plus, so be sure to watch our video interview above to learn more about this awesome camera! We really like its magnetic base and motion detection. A microSD slot is perfect for saving up to 128GB of video directly to your camera. And there's always an optional cloud storage available too – password-protected and secured with multilayer encryption.
Zachary also spoke with us about their Mini O.
About EZVIZ
At EZVIZ Inc., we create ways that connect you visually to your life. No matter where you are, EZVIZ smart home video technology can help you feel like you're home—right from the palm of your hand. EZVIZ is the consumer- and residentially-focused subsidiary of Hikvision, the world's largest manufacturer of video surveillance solutions, and is located in City of Industry, CA.
The government on Wednesday extended the deadline for linking Aadhaar with bank accounts by three months. The linkage now needs to be completed by March 31, 2018.
The Centre had earlier in the day withdrawn the notification which stipulated that the linking needed to take place by December 31, 2017.
It has been decided by the Government to notify 31st March, 2018 or six months from the date of commencement of bank account based relationship by the client, whichever is later, as the date of submission of Aadhaar number& PAN or Form 60 by the clients to the reporting entity.
— Ministry of Finance (@FinMinIndia) December 13, 2017
A few months ago, the Union government had earlier made it mandatory for all bank accounts to be linked with Aadhaar.
Extension of deadline till 31.3.18 for submission of Aadhaar number, and Permanent Account Number or Form 60 by client to the reporting entity https://t.co/9sYcRQlfEF
— Ministry of Finance (@FinMinIndia) December 13, 2017
It must be noted that all other deadlines to link Aadhaar with services remain unchanged.
Other Aadhaar linkage deadlines
The deadline to link the Aadhaar number with the Permanent Account Number (PAN) remains March 31, 2018.
Under the direction from the Department of Telecommunications (DoT), all telecom operators need to re-verify the numbers of existing prepaid and post-paid mobile users through the Aadhaar-linked KYC. The deadline remains February 6, 2018.
To avail social security and welfare schemes provided by the government, you need to provide your Aadhaar details to concerned authorities by December 31, 2017.
Earlier on Wednesday, the Supreme Court had said a five-judge Constitution bench would hear on December 14, the pleas seeking an interim stay on the Centre's decision directing mandatory linking of Aadhaar with various government schemes and welfare measures.
What does Mr Mourinho think their legacy will be? Rather than the trophies he's won, they talk about the way they have redefined what makes a good manager. Pre-Mourinho, the consensus was that you had to play at the top level to manage at the top level. Not any more, though. “I think now people who were not great players have an easier life than I had, because I was one of the first guys to break that barrier. When I started it was difficult for people to believe that some guy who was not a top player could be a top manager in football, and when I won the Champions League for the first time more than 10 years ago at Porto, I broke that dogma – that to be a top professional manager you have to be a top professional player.” They say that some people say this is because the game has changed, that it has become more technical and academic, but he's not having any of that. “What I really think is that you can become a great manager not because you study a lot, but because it is a talent.”
LTFRB, Grab and Uber agreed to continue talks next week, in order to find a win-win solution. pic.twitter.com/ucJGLGo1zU — GRACE POE (@SenGracePOE) July 19, 2017
MANILA- The Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) on Wednesday allowed ride-sharing services Grab and Uber to appeal their alleged colorum violations, effectively staying its apprehension order against the firms' unregistered vehicles.
Sen. JV Ejercito, vice chair of the Senate Committee on Public Services, said representatives from the LTFRB and the two transportation network companies (TNCs) met Wednesday and reached a compromise.
“After a brief meeting, the LTFRB said they will just wait for Grab and Uber to file for a Motion for Reconsideration, which in effect would legally suspend and extend the execution of LTFRB's July 11 order,” Ejercito said in a statement.
In the order, the LTFRB had warned that it would apprehend "colorum" Grab and Uber cars starting July 26, citing as many as 50,000 unlicensed units.
The LTFRB crackdown had drawn heavy criticism from commuters, among whom ride-sharing services have become popular amid poor services of regular metered taxis and other unreliable modes of public transport.
Sen. Grace Poe, the committee chair, said the compromise would allow unregistered Grab and Uber cars to continue operating until the appeal is resolved.
“Although the LTFRB will push through with executing their memorandum circular, they will allow the TNCs to file their motion for reconsideration and pending the resolution of the latter, will allow existing ‘colorum' TNVS (transport network vehicle service) to continue providing service,” Poe said in a statement.
Grab said it would appeal the LTFRB's apprehension order.
"Grab is filing a motion for reconsideration tomorrow (Thursday) which will start the process for further discussion on resolving the issues on colorum drivers,” Grab country head Brian Cu said in a statement.
Poe had on Tuesday criticized the LTFRB's long process of issuing permits to ride-sharing services.
Talks between the LTFRB and the two firms will continue next week.
“Let us allow the LTFRB to do its job. They have to regulate common carriers to ensure accountability and to prevent the “dynamic pricing scheme” of TNVS from overcharging passengers during peak hours,” Poe said.
“On the other hand, government must be forward-looking. Ride-hailing services is now a necessity because these provide the comfort and reliability that many of our people look for in public transportation,” they said.
Uber on Tuesday paid the P5 million fine for alleged violations of their accreditation.
Researchers at Stanford University have developed a process that renders a mouse brain transparent combining neuroscience and chemical engineering. The postmortem brain remains whole  not sliced or sectioned in any way  with its three-dimensional complexity of fine wiring and molecular structures completely intact and able to be measured and probed at will with visible light and chemicals.
Transparent Brain Created By Hydrogel Process Developed at Stanford
Blog Archive September 2018 (2) June 2018 (1) March 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (3) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (8) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (5) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (5) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (5) February 2013 (9) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (8) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (12) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (6) July 2012 (11) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (13) March 2012 (15) February 2012 (15) January 2012 (11) December 2011 (11) November 2011 (16) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (6) August 2011 (11) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (16) May 2011 (10) April 2011 (8) March 2011 (11) February 2011 (10) January 2011 (15) December 2010 (12) November 2010 (10) October 2010 (9) September 2010 (10) August 2010 (9) July 2010 (15) June 2010 (17) May 2010 (13) April 2010 (16) March 2010 (8) February 2010 (9) January 2010 (8) December 2009 (14) November 2009 (18) October 2009 (17) September 2009 (13) August 2009 (10) July 2009 (7) June 2009 (14) May 2009 (16) April 2009 (15) March 2009 (17) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (15) December 2008 (20) November 2008 (17) October 2008 (19) September 2008 (20) August 2008 (26) July 2008 (34) June 2008 (37) May 2008 (23) April 2008 (26) March 2008 (39) February 2008 (17) January 2008 (39) December 2007 (31) November 2007 (42) October 2007 (45) September 2007 (63) August 2007 (45) July 2007 (43) June 2007 (23) May 2007 (53) April 2007 (47) March 2007 (13) February 2007 (7) January 2007 (5) December 2006 (3) November 2006 (15) October 2006 (2) September 2006 (1) July 2006 (3) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (1) June 2005 (1) May 2005 (4) April 2005 (5) March 2005 (5) January 2005 (4) December 2004 (10) November 2004 (5) October 2004 (4) August 2004 (16) May 2004 (1)
I think I made it pretty clear earlier in the week that I'm all for religious freedoms, as long as they're entirely fair and inclusive, despite my general aversion to religion. I don't need to educate you on the horrors of what goes wrong when someone takes religion too far, be it in the United States or abroad. Extreme, fanatical, blind belief if any religion is bound to end poorly.
So it's not a surprise that when Korn's Brian Welch posted this photo, some of the faithful kind of lost their shit a little.
After seeing some of the hateful comments on the post, which I'd imagine were either willfully taken down or blocked by Welch at this point, the guitarist posted a second status bemoaning the hate.
Regarding my post about transgenders yesterday: Most comments were amazing thanks. To the few people that were running their mouth about Sodom and Gomorrah and the sin of homosexuality, please open your hearts and read this carefully: God looks at the heart and man looks on the outside. What I do and what we all need to do is find out what is inside people's hearts. One of the people in the photo yesterday shared their pain and horrible abuse that happened to them that went on for years I think. Another had "Christians" attack them and throw them away like trash in the past. These people and dozens of others on my tour this summer are getting some level of inner-healing. They are experiencing non-judgmental Jesus lovers who are planting seeds and speaking life into them. Some of them are having instant change, but for most of them, it's going to take some time. Many tears are being shed and their hearts are softening. Each heartless post from you judgemental ones are only helping to harden their hearts to Jesus once again. The gospel of Christ isn't like fast food. Not everyone has an overnight dramatic conversion like mine. Often times the relationship with God takes hold many years or even a decade or more later. When you religious people try to force instant repentance and point out people's flaws, you are dismantling what God is trying to do inside of hearts. If I can convince even one hardhearted Christian to stop posting about instant repentance and hell fire while me and my friends are trying to love people to Jesus over time, then I guess this post was worth it. It's a tiring job trying to persuade my people to fall in love with the Son of God, Jesus, while other "Christians" are chasing them away with their posts at the same time. I'm begging you, please stop.
Good on Welch, seriously. Dude just wants the put downs to stop… and while we're at it, let's talk about how fucking ridiculous it is that people automatically whip out the "WELL THE BIBLE SAYS" garbage. How about Leviticus 19:27, where it states that you're not allowed to cut your hair or beard? Or Genesis 38:9-10, where Onan pulls out and then kills themselves because wasting their seed is bad in the eyes or God? Leviticus 19:28 bans tattoos, Leviticus 19:19 bans wearing cotton, 1 Timothy 2:9 says women can't wear jewelery…. the list goes on.
What I'm saying is that if you're thrown around living by the book, then live by the fucking book. I grew in Christian household, am not anymore, and even my semi-devout family really doesn't give a damn if you're gay, or transexual.
Related Posts
When it comes to Ann Coulter–the conservative blonde avenger, the loud-mouthed provocateur, the human hot-button of mass-media notoriety who is forever tossing turds into liberals' punch bowls–people always want to know: Is they for real?
Even the title of their latest book, ¡Adios, America!: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country Into a Third World Hellhole, is guaranteed to raise many folks' blood pressure and strain their credulity.
{snip}
“I don't know why liberals find this idea about me comfortable,” Coulter tells me over dinner, “but I just had lunch with a law school friend of mine, and I had forgotten–and they reminded me–that at law school I wore mink coats and took up smoking just to annoy liberals, so apparently I'd been like this for awhile. They said, ‘You're exactly like you were in law school.'
“But I have summer-camp friends–who, when they see people say ‘this is just an act, they don't really believe it'–they would write indignant letters and say, ‘No. They would march up to me on the hiking trail and explain that Nixon was being lied about.' ”
We are sitting near the kitchen in a quiet Italian restaurant, a favorite haunt in the Upper East Side neighborhood in which they keep an apartment; their other two homes are in Beverly Hills, Calif., and a wealthy enclave of Florida (unnamed here, at Coulter's request, so as not to encourage stalkers), where they established official residence years ago in order to avoid state income taxes.
{snip}
Coulter has been a virtual shut-in, staring at their laptop, writing and Googling, Googling and writing, since the height of Florida's hurricane season. The occasion for their reemergence in Manhattan–and their ramped-up appearances on Sean Hannity's Fox News Channel program–is the publication of their 11th book (the previous 10 have made the New York Times best-seller list), an often-inflammatory, usually clever, sometimes laugh-out-loud funny screed against immigration, illegal and otherwise.
Coulter's near-life-size portrait gazes unsmilingly from the book jacket of ¡Adios America!–looking very much like a hard-eyed, flaxen-haired border guard getting ready to send an unfortunate family of refugees back to wherever they came from.
“In order to change this country to one more favorable to crazy liberal policies, Democrats passed–and Republicans were hoodwinked into passing–this crazy 1965 immigration law that has changed the country in shocking and dramatic ways,” Coulter says, explaining their book's premise and referring to legislation–sponsored by the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy–that abolished long-implemented preferences for immigrants from northern and western Europe over Africans, Asians and other third-world natives.
“This has been our law for 50 years now, and I blame the Republicans for idiotically continuing it,” they continue. “The Simpson-Mazzoli Act of 1986 [creating an easier path to citizenship for foreigners who illegally entered and settled in the United States] was a mistake. As for these idiot Tea Partiers or whichever conservatives are idol-worshipping Ronald Reagan, they were great for their time, but it was a different world. I don't think he's going down as the greatest president when they signed an amnesty law.”
Coulter–whose own ancestors arrived here from the Netherlands, England, Ireland and Germany starting in the 17th century, they say–argues that teeming hordes of new immigrants, especially from Mexico, vote overwhelmingly Democratic, so current immigration policy is really “an evil-genius plan to change the country. That's what the Democrats get out of it. Obama never could have been elected in this country but for Teddy Kennedy's immigration act. Never, never, ever, ever!”
Coulter's politically quixotic prescription: a 10-year moratorium on all legal immigration; a complete dismantling of the immigration bureaucracy, not only government agencies and sympathetic elected officials but also outside advocacy groups; the erection of an impassable fence along the entire U.S.-Mexican border (in their book, they praise the Communist East Germans for effectively, sometimes lethally, preventing their citizens from breaching the Berlin Wall); and a return to pre-1965 policies that give preference to highly-educated, usually white Europeans.
“I wouldn't care if they were white or not; I'm talking about peasants who come from backward cultures,” they say, although they express alarm at predictions that by 2050 Caucasians in this country will be a minority. “There are white people from backward cultures. They just don't happen to come from a country contiguous to the United States. It's backward cultures that are providing cheap labor and Democratic votes.” (Coulter, however, is unfailingly friendly to our waiter, who identifies themselves as “Luis,” an immigrant from Ecuador who came here 10 years ago and is working their way toward U.S. Citizenship.)
Coulter argues that U.S. immigration policies were demonstrably better a hundred years ago. “There was no mollycoddling of immigrants back then. With the Irish and the Italians, and even the Germans–especially the Germans–we were allowed to boss them around,” they say. “We could say, ‘No. No. You can't do this anymore. You are an American now. Knock it off!' The only problem with the fact that they [recent immigrants] are brown–well, you're saying they're brown, I'msaying they're peasants–is that they're piggy-backing on the black experience, and saying ‘that's racist' if you tell them to do things our way, and ‘you can just assimilate to us,' not the other way around.
“Can you imagine the Irish or Italians or Germans saying that to our country back at the turn of the century? ‘No! Fuck you! You came to our country. Learn our ways!' ”
Using language that many doubtless will find hair-raising if not downright offensive, Coulter speaks of the “browning of America”–a term they say they adopted as a negative after seeing it bandied favorably on MSNBC–and how the country is being ruined by an influx from Latin America, the Indian subcontinent, Vietnam, Nigeria, and other benighted locales.
“In Nigeria, everyone is a criminal,” Coulter claims. “But we take more immigrants from Nigeria than we do from Britain. Don't react casually to that! That's madness. The British are just going to other countries. And a lot of these countries, like Spain, are just shitholes now. Young, smart people are emigrating to Germany and they won't be collecting Social Security immediately. Perhaps we should consider them rather than a Nigerian terrorist.”
{snip}
In ¡Adios, America! and over dinner, Coulter expands on their belief that when new arrivals from foreign climes are not busying themselves with “browning” the country, collecting welfare payments and swarming to the polls to vote Democrats into office, they are committing Medicare fraud, child rape, gang rape, honor killings and a host of other un-American activities.
They blame politically correct U.S. government census-taking and crime statistic policies–and the media establishment's reluctance to identify the countries of origin of the alleged perpetrators–on the fact that they don't have generally accepted stats to back up their assertions, merely horrific anecdotes and back-of-the-envelope guesses.
In their assertions about the allegedly low average intelligence of various “undesirable” immigrant groups, they rely on the studies of Jason Richwine, whose work on IQ and immigration was too controversial even for the ultra-conservative Heritage Foundation, which dismissed them from their staff job there after their Harvard doctoral dissertation came to light.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
What is a double action keyboard?
A double action keyboard has double action switches that have two independent functions that can be used without pressing any modifier keys. The first action can be accessed by pressing the switch one step down and the other two steps down.
After having used this keyboard for a while it has proven to be a very powerful tool, since typing special character is so much easier than before.
Double action switches
The most challenging part of building the keyboard was the design of the switches. There were no suitable double action switches on the market, so I had to build them myself.
I modified the Cherry MX switch so that the 'plunger' could actuate the second button. This was achieved by removing partly the centering 'pin' of the switch. I used brow Cherry switches which have an actuating force of 0.5 N and tactile push buttons which have an actuating force of 1.6 N, so the difference between the first and second state is significant.
The tactile switches are simply soldered upside down on the PCB.
Firmware
The double action keys have two different functions, so there are some challenges how the functions are triggered. The program works the following way: if a key is pressed two steps down the secondary function is triggered immediately, however the first action is a bit more tricky. If the key is pressed only one step the keyboard can't send the key press immediately since it might be that the user is still going to press the second step, this could lead to a situation where both actions are triggered instead of only the one that was intended to be triggered. The solution is to make it so that the first action is triggered when the key is pressed one step and then released or when the first step is hold down for a longer period of time than defined in the program.
To recap if you want to type the first action you have to press the key one step down and release it (this gives one character) or keep it pressed longer than the delay time (if you need many characters), if you want to type the second action you need to press the key two steps down faster than the delay time.
The modifier keys are programmed so that they lock down when a 'normal' key is pressed while a modifier is hold down. They are released after the normal key is released. This makes short-cuts easier to press. If the modifiers would not lock down the modifiers would have to be kept pressed longer than the normal keys, because the normal key is activated (in most cases) after it has been released.
The firmware can be found on GitHub: DAK Firmware
Layout
A normal keyboard has up to 105 keys. I reduced the amount of keys to 66 physical keys, some of which are double action. When counting double action keys and the normal keys the total is 66 + 34 = 100 plus a 5-direction joystick, this equals to a traditional keyboard. Because it has fewer physical keys, the keyboard is smaller and more comfortable to use.
The arrangement of the keys is also very unusual. As shown in the picture enter, backspace, shift, delete and the arrow keys are all in the middle so they can be operated with both hands easily. I included a number pad as second action keys to the keyboard. Keys in black are primary keys, keys in gray are secondary keys and keys in red are FN-keys, that can be accessed by pressing the key and the FN-key simultaneously. In addition, the rows of the keyboard are not staggered, which makes typing easier.
Building
I designed the PCB for the keyboard with Kicad and milled it with my CNC milling machine. As a controller I used a Teensy 3.2 since it had enough IO pins and it can be used as a USB keyboard controller easily.
The switches are connected to a 9 x 14 matrix where each row is pulled down with a pull down resistor and each column can be activated separately (set high) with the controller, that allows reading the states of all switches by using 14+9 IO pins.
I'm back! Finals finally ended, and I have three full months to recover and start to work again on some of my projects. Keep an eye out for a PJM re-reveal very soon, I haven't dropped it and it will come back better than ever!
Today's question is more in line with the previous question of Aqua vs. Magma and seeing as Hoenn actually got confurmed, it has all the more reason to exist. So, Acro bike or Mach bike. What was your favourite bike in RSE? And which mechanic did you like the most, cycling up slopes or jumping on rails? Did you prefer speed or would you rather perform acrobatics? Tell us about it in the comments! You can also vote in the poll to the right –>
Know that I will be patrolling the comments more, so watch your steps. I'm trying to find a good and fast way of contacting me should a problem pops up, to mitigate all the outbursts happening. I also have a new idea for an article series, which will most likely be my next article :).
Enjoy the commenting side of life!
~Daedardus~
Putin's Response Options To U.S. Cyberattack
Jeffrey Carr Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 16, 2016
On October 7th, the U.S. government formally accused the Russian government of interfering with the U.S. election process.
The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from US persons and institutions, including from US political organizations. The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow — the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europe and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there. We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.
On October 14th, NBC News reported that the CIA is planning a cyberattack against Russia, and that the target is Russian President Vladimir Putin and other Russian leaders.
On October 15th, Russian Presidential Aide Yury Ushakov said in response to that news — “We will react, of course, especially given specific figures from the Russian government were mentioned.”
From the U.S. government's perspective, it is the victim of Russian aggression; that the evidence pointing to the Russian government is sufficient to meet the attribution standard of “reasonable certainty”[1], and so it is entitled to respond in self defense as long as its response is proportionate to the attack[2].
What If?
It's certainly possible that Putin directed the FSB and GRU at different times (one in 2015 and one in 2016) to mount a secret influence operation that would favor Donald Trump's run for President, and that those normally competent spy agencies executed this secret operation by using not one but two blown threat actor groups (Fancy Bear and Cozy Bear), Russian servers and tool sets, free Russian-hosted email accounts on Yandex, and distributed the files via Wikileaks (a long suspected Russian front). Oh, and also create a FancyBear[.]net website and a character named Guccifer 2.0 who negotiates with reporters and speaks at security conferences. Because, you know, SECRET.
Or, it's possible that the Russian government hasn't directed this attack, and that the White House, in the midst of the ugliest election season in our lifetime, fueled with Russophobic hysteria generated in part by headline-grabbing cyber intelligence firms, has mis-attributed it to a State actor and is now about to launch a cyberattack against a nuclear power w/ cyber capabilities close to our own.
What then?
Under international law, Russia could pursue remedies at the U.N. Security Council and the International Court of Justice, or it could respond with countermeasures proportionate to whatever action the U.S. takes.
No one knows what Russia's actual cyber capabilities are, but based upon the quality of their scientific universities and the world-wide respect garnered by their computer science engineers, they certainly are superior to the Keystone Cops antics of Fancy Bear, Cozy Bear, and Guccifer 2.0.
We already have enough real problems with Russia in Syria and Ukraine. Someone, maybe Russian, has embarrassed the Democrats but there's no hard proof as to who's responsible. And the bottom line is that the DNC bears at least some of that responsibility no matter who attacked them.
This decision by the White House to name the Russian government in the DNC hack and threaten them with a response is both inflammatory and irresponsible; especially when our entire U.S. network infrastructure is so vulnerable to retaliation by cyber means.
NOTES:
[1] Kenneth P. Yeager v. The Islamic Republic of Iran, Iran-U.S. C.T.R., vol. 17 , p. 92, at pp. 101–102 (1987) — “in order to attribute an act to the State, it is necessary to identify with reasonable certainty the actors and their association with the State.”
[2] Jensen, Eric Talbot, Cyberattacks: Proportionality and Precautions in Attack (October 1, 2012). 89 Int'l L. Stud. 198 (2013). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2154938 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2154938
Front page photo by Autumn de Wilde
Update: The Decemberists have shared the album's tracklist, which you can see below, and announced a release date. It's out January 20 in North America, and January 10 in the UK/Europe. They'll also be touring Europe beginning in February. Check out the schedule below.
While busking solo on a corner in Brooklyn's Williamsburg neighborhood, the Decemberists' Colin Meloy revealed that a new album called What a Terrible World, What a Beautiful World was in the works. Now, the band has shared a cut from the album, their first new material in four years: "Make You Better". Watch the visualizer video below.
What a Terrible World, What a Beautiful World:
01 The Singer Addresses Their Audience
02 Cavalry Captain
03 Philomena
04 Make You Better
05 Lake Song
06 Till the Water is All Long Gone
07 The Wrong Year
08 Carolina Low
09 Better Not Wake The Baby
10 Anti-Summersong
11 Easy Come, Easy Go
12 Mistrals
The Decemberists:
02-11 Dublin, Ireland - Vicar Street
02-13 Glasgow, Scotland - O2 Academy Glasgow
02-14 Leeds, England - O2 Academy Leeds
02-16 Bristol, England - O2 Academy Bristol
02-17 Manchester, England - Manchester Academy
02-18 Birmingham, England - The Institute
02-20 Brighton, England - Brighton Dome Concert Hall
02-21 London, England - O2 Academy Brixton
02-23 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Paradiso
02-24 Brussels, Belgium - Ancienne Belgique
02-25 Nijmegen, Netherlands - Doornroosje
02-26 Berlin, Germany - Astra Kulturhaus
02-28 Zurich, Switzerland - Kaufleuten
03-01 Milan, Italy - Magazzini Generali
A 'fare-dodger' who apparently tried to jump the barriers at a London Underground station really was struck by karma after their manhood became stuck in the doors.
The man's screams of agony can be heard as people line up to witness the incident.
Police and London underground staff members worked to free the young man from their entrapment at Covent Garden tube station.
A 'fare-dodger' who reportedly tried to jump the barriers at a London Underground station really was struck by karma after their manhood became stuck in the doors. The man's screams of agony can be heard as people line up to witness the incident and help pull them free (pictured)
Crowds gathered around the gates to watch as the man's screams became louder and some called for 'butter' to free him.
Finally, officers are able to free the man to cheers from the growing crowd as the man is let down safely.
Before they stagger away the man can be seen turning back on themselves to hug the members of staff and police officers who helped.
At first their friends seem to be trying to calm them down but as the video continues and the audience expands, a jeering nature seems to occur.
The beauty and hair world has lost one of its favorite fixtures.
Titi Branch (right), the co-founder of the popular natural hair care line Miss Jessie's, has died from an apparent suicide. NV magazine initially ran an obituary for Branch on their Facebook page, reporting the 45-year-old died from asphyxia.
According to the Washington Post:
Born June 10, 1969 Titi Cree Branch died on Dec. 4, 2014 in an apparent suicide due to asphyxia.  They are survived by their parents, sister, nephew and many loving relatives. They also leaf behind Anthony Spadafora, their boyfriend and business partner in their last venture Maestro's Classic, a line of beard care products.
A family friend confirmed the death, but not the claims of asphyxiation.
Miss Jessie's, the natural hair care line brought to fruition by Titi and their sister Niko, opened their salon in Brooklyn in 2004. Since then, the company found major success, selling product at Target and other major retailers, and making Miss Jessie's one of the first natural hair care products on the national market.
Them sister Niko and the official Twitter page for Miss Jessie's sent out tweets following the tragic news:
Titi❤️ — Miko Branch (@MikoBranch) December 14, 2014
The family plans to release a full statement regarding Titi's death later this week.
SOURCE: The Washington Post | PHOTO CREDIT: Getty
Note: This post DOES NOT contain spoilers.
This past weekend I had a conversation that had been in the making for months. In the hours leading up to it I guess you could say I was a bit anxious. A few minutes before we started I steadied my nerves and reminded myself to just have fun. The cause of the anxiety was understandable. Would it deliver? Would they be easy to talk to? And lastly would they answer the tough questions honestly? It did, they are, and they did.
Chris Salih is the original drummer and a founding member of this thing we love called Twenty One Pilots. To many they are a mysterious character who was here for a moment and gone in a flash. A short Facebook message announced their departure, Josh Dun stepped in and that was it. But that's not it. Twenty One Pilots was their baby. Until our conversation last Saturday Chris hadn't publicly spoken about their time in the band or their departure. I know they are asked the same questions over and over, and while they do occasionally reply in a 140 character tweet, this was their opportunity to fully clear the air. I'd like to think this was a cathartic experience for him, and in the process I got to hear about the early days of Twenty One Pilots directly from a founding member. To say it delivered would be an understatement.
Episode 5 of The Twenty One Pilots Podcast featuring Chris Salih will soon be available on all of your favorite podcast apps.
Chris during the early days of Twenty One Pilots.
Advertisements
Typically if a groom suffers a medical emergency the day of their wedding, the event is postponed. But one Indian bride was so determined to make sure their ceremony went forward that they married a wedding guest in their groom's absence.Jugal Kishore, 25, had to be rushed to a hospital in India after suffering an epileptic seizure, the Times of India reports. But when Kishore recovered and returned to the wedding venue, they were dismayed to find their 23-year-old bride named Indira had already found another beau, the Times of India reports Indira and their family had reportedly been upset that they were kept in the dark regarding their groom's medical condition, and promptly announced that they would happily marry a guest at the wedding after Kinshore fell ill. That guest turned out to be a man named Harpal Singh, the brother-in-law of Indira's sister.According to the the Times of India, Singh was caught off guard, but declared that they would take Indira as their wife. When Kishore arrived back at the venue, they and other guests pleaded with bride to reconsider, with violence breaking out as dishes and silverware were thrown across the venue. However, the bride stood firm in their decision.Kishore's family went to the police to file a complaint, which they eventually dropped after elders intervened. ""Both families have amicably resolved the matter," Officer Solanki, a member with an Indian police unit, said. "The complaints have been withdrawn. Kishore and their family have now returned in peace to Moradabad, (India.)"
Last night Donald Trump shed some light on one of the great mysteries of our time: How does the most infamous man on Twitter actually tweet? The answer? They spend most of the day shouting their tweets at assistants for them to send. But after 7pm it's all him, baby.
“During the day, I'm in the office, I just shout it out to one of the young ladies who are tremendous… I'll just shout it out, and they'll do it,” Trump told Anderson Cooper last night. “But during the evenings, after 7 o'clock or so, I will always do it by myself.”
Advertisement
It's long been our obsession here at Gizmodo to find evidence that Donald Trump has ever used a personal computer. Almost all signs point to no. But the question that naturally comes along with that is whether Trump has ever used a tablet or a smartphone for something like web browsing. And perhaps most importantly, whether they have ever actually sent one of their infamous tweets.
We've always known that Trump prefers to dictate their tweets during the day. But if we believe Mr. Trump's assertions on CNN last night, they really are the one pushing pixels (with their enormous fingers) after 7pm or so. And he's truly a big fan of the “genius” they see everyday on Twitter.
“You see what's going on. And there is some genius there. I mean, you will get... you will read some of the stuff, there is genius there,” they told Anderson Cooper. “You have to find the right genius.”
Advertisement
In a rare admission of something approximating humility, Donald Trump said that some of their retweets are “a little bit shaky.” But they assured the audience that their own tweets were just fine. As a reminder, Trump often calls people clowns, losers, and haters when he's not retweeting.
So there you have it. Trump has a “young lady” do it during the day, they do it themselves after 7pm, and when he's doing with others they can be a little bit shaky. Mystery solved. But we still don't know if he's ever used a computer.
Not to be confused with Aphagia or Aphasia
Aphakia is the absence of the lens of the eye, due to surgical removal, a perforating wound or ulcer, or congenital anomaly. It causes a loss of accommodation, far sightedness (hyperopia), and a deep anterior chamber. Complications include detachment of the vitreous or retina, and glaucoma.
Babies are rarely born with aphakia. Occurrence most often results from surgery to remove congenital cataract (clouding of the eye's lens, which can block light from entering the eye and focusing clearly). Congenital cataracts usually develop as a result of infection of the fetus or genetic reasons. It is often difficult to identify the exact cause of these cataracts, especially if only one eye is affected.
People with aphakia have relatively small pupils and their pupils dilate to a lesser degree.[1]
Symptoms [ edit ]
Without the focusing power of the lens, the eye becomes very farsighted. Also, since the lens is responsible for adjusting the focus of vision to different lengths, patients with aphakia have a total loss of accommodation.
Some individuals have said that they perceive ultraviolet light, invisible to those with a lens, as whitish blue or whitish-violet.[2][3] Miotics are effective in aphakic glaucoma.
Treatment [ edit ]
This can be corrected by wearing glasses, contact lenses, or by implant of an artificial lens. Artificial lenses are described as "pseudophakic."
Etymology [ edit ]
Gr. a- alfa priv + phakos, lens, anything shaped like a lens[4]
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Police Protective League today demanded that Stan Kroenke, the billionaire owner of the Rams, pay the full cost for necessary police services to ensure public safety at the team's home games as long as it plays at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
“The estimated cost to provide police protection at Ram games is approximately $2 million a year,” LAPPL spokesperson Dustin DeRollo said.
“Thus far the Rams have not agreed to pay their fair share of policing costs and this will drain police coverage in other areas of our city,” DeRollo said. “The LAPPL is also urging Mayor Eric Garcetti to reject any requests for sweetheart deals funded by the taxpayers for the NFL team.”
The temporary location of the Rams in Los Angeles has created a need for more than 200 police officers to ensure adequate safety at every home game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, DeRollo said. A stadium scheduled to open in 2019 is being built for the Rams in Inglewood.
“This comes at a time when the LAPD has critically low staffing levels and the city of Los Angeles has experienced a dramatic increase in violent crime and property crime over the past two years,” DeRollo said.
The Rams issued a statement saying the team is “working with the LAPD to find solutions that work for everyone — in fact, we have a few meetings already scheduled with LAPD and USC leadership in the coming weeks.”
“The safety of fans attending our games is a priority and we are appreciative of the great team at LAPD and other agencies that will be part of our game-day security operation for helping ensure a safe environment for our guests.”
The LAPPL union represents the more than 9,900 sworn members of the Los Angeles Police Department.
Our women's minister is using 'feminism' to justify their attack on a woman's right to choose. That can't be right
What does it mean to be a "feminist", let alone a "modern" one? This long-standing debate received an unlikely answer from Maria Miller, the new women and equalities minister, who believes their status as a very modern feminist is proven by their support for a reduction in the abortion limit from 24 to 20 weeks.
I know, I don't really understand it either but given their current position of authority we should at least try to understand what they mean.
In an astonishing interview with the anti-abortion Daily Telegraph, they repeat their support for reducing the time limit made in a 2008 vote and explains their brand of "modern feminism" thus: "You have got to look at these matters in a very common sense way. I looked at it from the really important stance of the impact on women and children."
 They are "riven by that very practical impact that late-term abortion has on women".
So Miller was acting out of a sense that as a mother of three with better than average income and intelligence, they have greater ability, or sense, to gauge the impact of having a baby on the woman whose womb they or they inhabit. Call me an old-fashioned feminist but isn't that the real point of accepting the limit for what it is; a date that simply allows women time to make up their own minds about something deeply personal.
Your support or otherwise for abortion limits should simply be a matter of personal choice. Friends, colleagues and acquaintances can all agree to differ on term limits, just please don't become "minister for women" and act immediately to control the bodies of over half the population.
The irony seemingly lost on those who would reduce the limit is that few women choose to wait until they can already feel a child moving inside them to decide on a termination. The vast majority of abortions – there were 189,931 in England and Wales in 2011 – happen before 14 weeks' gestation: only 2% happen after 20 weeks, and who knows what individual pain, hardship and horror lies behind each one of those decisions. The point is, we don't.
Like most of those who have expressed doubts about the current 24-week limit, most forcefully health secretary Jeremy Hunt but also David Cameron, it is "modern science" that is used to justify Miller's stance. Babies born before 24 weeks in 1967 when the abortion bill passed tended not to live.
But this is not science that is recognised by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, which two years ago found no scientific evidence to justify a lower limit. I don't know how many of them are feminists but I bet they are responsible for bringing more children into the world than any MP. Which possibly explains why an amendment aimed at stripping the Royal College of its role setting clinical guidelines on abortions was introduced as part of Nadine Dorries amendment plans. Fortunately, like the one designed to stop women being advised on their options, it failed.
Supporters of reducing the limit, such as Christina Odone, former editor of the Catholic Herald, suggest in (guess where?) the Telegraph that it is the "pro abortion furies" who are anti-science and anti-feminist, refusing to change the view that a woman's right to choose is sacred.
By all means let's have a debate about abortion and science and women's rights but please, please don't muddy the water of what feminism means by positing the idea that those who know best (at least according to their own opinion and belief) speak for each and everyone of us.
Even writing that choice has to be at the heart of this debate gives me such a sense of déjà vu that I'm immediately placed in one of those old films where the final scene reveals we have been living in flashback all along. Are we doomed to endlessly repeat the same horror until 2015? The big fear, and part of the reason why Miller's interview prompted a twitter storm #mariamillerdoesnotspeakforme, is that Miller and Hunt could together add governmental ballast to MPs such as Nadine Dorries who have so far acted on the fringes of a party that, quite rightly, sees this issue as non-partisan.
Let's not allow that to happen.
The seemingly inevitable happened last week. When discussing the tragic racially-motivated shooting in Charleston, S.C., that left nine churchgoers dead, Republican presidential candidate and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry majorly flubbed by calling the massacre an “accident.”
While their campaign jumped to correct Perry, clarifying they meant “incident,” the damage was done. For the nation, it was another “oops” moment; for Texans, it's just classic Perry.
As Perry announced their second presidential run in early June – leading us to believe they just won't go away (no matter how hard Texans will it) – in an airplane hangar north of Dallas, amid the backdrop of a country-rap song that made our ears bleed, they reminded America, “Our values come from God, not the government.” On that note, we've provided another helpful reminder of how terrible a Perry presidency would be by rounding up Gov. Goodhair's Top 10 best – or shall we say worst – hits. Over the course of their 14 years as governor, Perry has left an indelible mark on the state, mostly for the worse. America: Don't say you weren't warned.
1) No Health Care for You: Unlike some flexible Republican governors, Perry's refusal to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act prevented more than 1 million Texans stuck in the “coverage gap” – those earning both too little to purchase their own private insurance and too much to meet Texas' bare-bones Medicaid requirements – from accessing health care. Texas continues to have the highest rate of uninsured residents in the nation.
2) The Grim Perry: More than 270 people were executed during Perry's reign – a figure that exceeds any other state. And if that's not bad enough, Perry is responsible for presiding over the deaths of mentally ill and possibly innocent inmates. Despite evidence showing death row inmate Cameron Todd Willingham's likely innocence due to reliance on “junk science” in their conviction, Perry failed to grant a stay in 2004. When asked during their 2012 prez run if the possibility of killing an innocent man made it difficult for them to sleep at night, Perry responded, “No, sir, I've never struggled with that at all.”
3) Pay to Play: Perry's governorship was marked by its altruism toward not the working class but wealthy campaign donors and their corporate interests. Major benefactors saw environmental and health regulations miraculously lifted after hefty sums were deposited into Perry's coffers. Criticized for using it as their own personal piggy bank, Perry doled out millions – $222 million to be exact – from the Texas Enterprise Fund to companies that hadn't even applied, according to a state audit. The name of the game in Perryland: crony capitalist quid-pro-quo.
4) Anti-Choice Crusader: Proclaiming they would make abortion “a thing of the past,” the anti-choice Texas guv gleefully supported passage of unprecedented cuts to women's health care and family planning, as well as the state's 24-hour pre-abortion sonogram law, and called a second special legislative session to pass package anti-abortion law, House Bill 2. To emphasize their profound respect for all women, in 2013 Perry vetoed a bipartisan-approved equal pay bill.
5) That Mug: Perry's political payback schemes came back to haunt them in 2014, when a Travis County grand jury handed down two indictments against the former governor: abuse of power and coercion of a public servant for threatening to veto funding to the Public Integrity Unit unless Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg, arrested for drunk driving, resigned. Perry has pleaded not guilty to both counts and efforts to quash the indictment have failed.
6) Prayin' for Rain: An anti-Environmental Protection Agency climate change denier who vows to approve the Keystone XL pipeline if elected president, Perry stacked the state's environmental regulatory board with buddies that dealt favors for corporate allies at the expense of the air and water quality. And in lieu of eco-conscious policy, Perry enlists the man upstairs to solve environmental woes: They once issued a proclamation calling on Texans to “join together in prayer” to end the drought.
7) Let's [Not] Talk About Sex: When asked why Texas continually ranks as one of the states with the highest teen pregnancy rates in the nation, Perry responded, “Abstinence works.” When pressed again, the guv said, “I'm just gonna tell you from my own personal life, abstinence works.” Well, there you have it.
8) Champion of Inequality: Not a friend of the LGBTQ community, Perry once compared homosexuality to alcoholism. “I may have the genetic coding that I'm inclined to be an alcoholic, but I have the desire not to do that, and I look at the homosexual issue the same way,” they said in an interview last year. Perry supports gay “conversion therapy” and virulently opposes marriage equality. In a 2011 campaign video that elicited heavy criticism from progressives, Perry said there's something “wrong” in this country when “gays can serve openly in the military but our kids can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.”
9) That Third Thing: In the most notable verbal gaffe of their failed 2012 presidential campaign, Perry forgot the third department they planned to abolish as leader of the free world during a televised debate. “Commerce, Education, and the – what's the third one there?" (The correct answer: "Energy.") The cringe-worthy “oops” moment revealed just how authentic Perry's passion for their platform was and also served as a healthy reminder of what happens when you don't memorize the script smarter people give you.
10) Parlor Tricks or Miracle?: Perry went state to state during their campaign touting the grand “Texas Miracle” – the state's supposedly stellar financial boom due to free-market, conservative principles. However, economists swiftly broke down the numbers to discover job growth came in the form of low-wage employees, and pointed to the staggering number of residents who remain below the poverty line and without access to affordable health insurance and other social services. While Texas doesn't have an income tax, it turns out the heavy burden falls on low-income families paying sales and property taxes higher than the national average.
For a round-up of Perry's Top 10 2012 campaign misfires, read here.
Marriage is supposed to be about all the sweet things in life. A ring, a binding fidelity promise, and flowers are all decorating the hearts of the groom and the bride. It might be the most beautiful moment that can ever happen to a couple.
But if you are a realist, you should have been aware of the possibility for a couple to get a divorce. There are also enough reasons to make a divorce happen almost every day. Disappointment and dissatisfaction are two things that cannot be assured of ahead before they happen. In other words, it does not matter how sacred your marriage vow is, the chance for you to get separated with your partner is always there.
Even worse, if you and your spouse do not understand the risk, separation can leave you both severely devastated. It is better to grow up and get real about marriage. And there is the prenuptial agreement that legally protects each spouse' right in case of a separation happens.
Here is how you and your spouse can benefit the most from a prenuptial agreement.
Realistically evaluate the individual and shared assets
Marriage is about sharing. But a healthy marriage respects each other's privacy, including the private assets. By knowing in advance what to share and what not to, a separation will leave only an emotional wound and not bankruptcy.
For a realist, a prenuptial agreement is the true appreciation of the marriage vow. When a divorce is inevitable, the agreement can easily dictate the custody right and property ownership for each spouse.
After you and your spouse are on the same page, you should determine wisely what assets are kept private and which ones are divided in case of divorce. Consider hiring a financial consultant for this matter. He/she can assess your career and your spouse' to decide the fairest prenuptial agreement.
For custody, it might be more complicated to be arranged in prenuptial agreement because each parent's state of mind and economy changes over time. The kid is also growing up, and at some points, he/she will determine with whom she/he feels most comfortable.
What can be arranged in advance is the agreement for the child support. You might be divorced, but it does not mean you are not responsible for your child anymore.
Consulting the agreement with family law expert
A prenuptial agreement is best to discuss privately between spouses, and later their families. If it is settled between the two parties, then the next step is to gain legal acknowledgment over the agreement.
Two lawyers representing each party might be necessary. Their job is to assess whether your prenuptial agreement is fair to you and your spouse. For example, a divorce lawyer based in Vancouver can offer you his/her analysis on an agreement point related to asset division. The lawyer will give you information about whether the point can be legally enforced or not.
An unforeseen situation, such as a sudden unemployment or illness, might make you or your partner eligible for spousal support and gain the most substantial portion of the shared asset. A good lawyer evaluates the unpredictables and discusses them with you.
On overturning the prenuptial agreement
In some rare cases, you and your spouse may want to cancel the agreement. For many reasons, it is hard to get a proceeding from the court, especially if the deal has been signed months before the marriage ceremony. So, if you think a prenuptial deal can be done weeks before the D-day, you are wrong.
Being in a rush to make a significant decision raises logical suspicion. By the time the document is signed, it could be that the consignee was under some pressure or threat. In such a case, the prenuptial agreement might be overturned.
In another case, an agreement might be nulled by the court if it is proven that one side has concealed an asset. It is deemed as unjust if the calculation of the shared wealth is counted partially.…
Following a mountain of bad publicity and strong objections from just about everyone except the entertainment industries, New Zealand's proposed 'guilty upon accusation' Section 92A anti-piracy law has been scrapped.
In 2008, the New Zealand government passed ‘3-strike' legislation which was designed to have alleged copyright infringers disconnected from the Internet. Last month a code of practice was drafted by the music industry and ISPs which attempted to formalize how ISPs would go about disconnecting people.
However, after much discussion between the parties and outrage in the Internet community, no agreement was reached in the time frame allocated, and Prime Minister John Key announced that the law would be delayed while a solution was found.
Today things have gone stage further. As it became clear that an agreement on a code of practice would not be reached even with a delay, the New Zealand government has scrapped the controversial Section 92A legislation.
“Cabinet today decided that section 92A of the Copyright Act 1994 will not come into force on 27 March as scheduled, but will be amended to address areas of concern,” said Minister for Commerce, Simon Power. “Allowing Section 92A to come into force in its current format would not be appropriate given the level of uncertainty around its operation,” they added.
Prime Minister John Key said that although some progress was made between the entertainment industries and ISPs, there was not enough common ground to reach agreement.
“Section 92A is not going to come into force as originally written. We have now asked the minister of commerce [Simon Power] to start work on a replacement section,” Key said.
Back in February, InternetNZ, the non-profit group responsible for protecting and promoting the Internet in New Zealand, called Section 92A “faulty” and “disproportionate and unfit for purpose” but today they are breathing a sigh of relief.
“Terminating an Internet account was always a disproportionate response to copyright infringement and to force ISPs and other organizations to be copyright judges and police officers was never an acceptable situation,” said InternetNZ executive chairperson, Keith Davidson.
Meanwhile, users on Twitter expressed their delight at the news and no doubt the anti-Section 92A people over at ‘Creative Freedom‘ will be delighted that all their hard work has paid off.
The question now remains – will Section 92A be rewritten completely, or will the government stick a couple of Band-Aids on it and hope for the best? Time will tell…
Aug. 3 (UPI) — Justin Bieber has broken their silence concerning why they decided to cancel the remaining dates on their Purpose world tour.
“I'm so grateful for this journey with all of you. I'm grateful for the tours but most of all I am grateful I get to go through this life WITH YOU! Learning and growing hasn't always been easy but knowing I'm not alone has kept me going,” the singer wrote Wednesday as part of a lengthy message shared on Instagram.
“I have let my broken relationships dictate the way I acted toward people and the way I treated them! i let bitterness, jealously and fear run my life.!!!!” they continued. “I am extremely blessed to have people in the past few years help me build my character back up reminding me of who I am and who I want to be!!!”
Bieber also said he's not perfect and will continue to make mistakes, but that they would continue to learn from them. The pop star then refers to the Purpose world tour as “unbelievable” and states that it “taught me so much about myself.”
“Me taking this time right now is me saying I want to be SUSTAINABLE,” they write about why cut the tour short. “I want my career to be sustainable, but I also want my mind heart and soul to be sustainable. So that I can be the man I want to be, the husband I eventually want to be and the father I want to be.”
“This message is just an opportunity for you to know my heart, I'm not expecting anyone to understand, but I do want people to have an opportunity to know where I am coming from!” Bieber said.
Bieber announced in July that they were canceling the remainder of their tour. “Justin loves their fans and hates to disappoint them. They thank their fans for the incredible experience of the Purpose World Tour over last 18 months,” a statement on their Facebook account said at the time.
Shortly after the cancelation, Bieber made headlines again when they hit a photographer with their truck after leaving church. Bieber attended to the photographer who suffered only minor injuries.
AFi #THUNDERCATS EXCLUSIVE – The Bandai “LOST YEAR” Part 1
Back in 2009 Warner Brothers Animation and Studio 4°C Animation started development on a revamped and revived Thundercats animated series. This new series launched with an hour-long special in July 2011 on the Cartoon Network. The series was very well received by critics and fans. I'm sure not everyone loved it, but it was a heck of a lot better than the movie that was in development prior where the Thundercats were a band that traveled around in a van! It was a well crafted show that showed tremendous respect to the original. The show was mapped out to run for at least three seasons.
Also in 2009 Bandai America was awarded the master toy license for ThunderCats and began work on a fairly robust toy line of figures based both on the new and classic animation that would debut in in 2011 ahead of the series.
Thundercats.org has a nice, brief history of the line:
Right out of the gate, BanDai produced a large line of action figures, vehicles, a playset, role play toys and much more. Two waves of 4″ regular and deluxe action figures were released, as well as a 6 inch line and a ThunderCats Classic line. The 4 inch scale figures and vehicles have a pretty cool feature called ThunderLynx. These figures and vehicles all have a magnet activation system, meaning they all have magnets embedded in them, which unlock and activate various features, such as sound and lights. The 6 inch line features a selection of figures from the 4 inch line, but with more points of articulation and a more detailed sculpt and paint job. The Classic line was designed to give fans the first ThunderCats action figures based on their appearance in the classic 1985 animated series. A full checklist, including product numbers and package variants, can be found here! Unfortunately the line did not last very long. In 2012, when BanDai did not show any new items at the New York Toy Fair, rumors started spreading that the ThunderCats line was cancelled. When online retailers started to label the line as Discontinued, what many fans feared seemed to become reality: no more ThunderCats.
Cartoon Network did not make it easy for fans to watch the show. They started moving the shows timeslot and air date several times so it became harder and harder for fans to catch new episodes. Even some DVRs were not able to keep up with the changes. Still fans held on and watched as best they could, and helped each other out by recording, posting and passing around the episodes for the remainder of season one. A few months before season one finished airing, Bandai had already gotten all the episode synopsis for the proposed season two and had a few meetings with the WB animation team to roll out what characters/vehicles they were planning and what should/could be included in the show and line beyond what they had planned for FA2012. We will pick back up with the history lesson in tomorrow's post. Now lets look at some toys! All this week we are bringing you the exclusive reveal of the “Lost Year” of Bandai's Thundercats line, the 2012 expansion to their 2011 Thundercats relaunch and all the product planned and even sculpted, but never came to be. We were give exclusive access by our friend and former Thundercats line manager Amanda W to show off the blood, sweat and tears that they and their team put into the terrific line of great, but short-lived toys. I'm going to try and mix things up this week and give you a little of the 2011 Cartoon Network products and the Classics products that they had in the works for their 2012 line.
2012 6″ Action Figures
For the new 6″ figure reveals today we have a trio that did make it out in the first year of the 4″ line. Wilykit and Wilykat were both released as 4″ scale figures in the first wave of the basic figure line and Grune was in the second assortment of deluxe figures, but here, as 6″ scale figures you have better sculpts and better articulation as well as some fun accessories. The 6″ line certainly feels incomplete without the twins.
GRUNE
Wiley Kit And Wiley Kat
THUNDERCATS CLASSICS 2″ BOXED SET
At the end of the original 2011 line towards the end of the run we saw a boxed set of stylized 2″ PVC figures based on the Cartoon Network animation. There was also a companion set in the works based on the classic animation that would have been awesome. I wonder who's desk these unreleased prototypes are sitting on these days? See below for larger, more detailed images of each figure.
Those are our reveals for today. Check back each day for more exclusive reveals for AFi's THUNDERWEEK!
Game Details Developer: MachineGames
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
Platform: Windows (reviewed), Xbox One, PS4
Release Date: May 5, 2015
Price: $20
Links: Steam | Official website MachineGames: Bethesda Softworks: Windows (reviewed), Xbox One, PS4May 5, 2015: $20
Last year's Wolfenstein: The New Order was a surprise critical hit, successfully blending fast-paced action, strong character development, pulp aesthetics, and Nazi-based technological horror into a refreshingly bizarre big-budget first-person shooter. But developers MachineGames and publisher Bethesda Softworks chose to follow that success up not with a set of expansions or a DLC plan, but instead with a smaller standalone adventure: The Old Blood. In making a smaller game, they took a gamble—could the Wolfenstein cocktail work a second time, without all the ingredients of its fuller predecessor?
For The Old Blood, the answer—eventually—comes to a qualified yes. But for a relatively short game, it has a major problem of pacing, with almost all of its best bits pushed into the second half of the game. In so doing, it reveals that its standalone structure might have severely limited its potential as a game.
Let's push things forward
The core issue is one of progression. One of The New Order's greatest strengths was how it gave a sense of progress as you moved through its levels. Everything about it reinforced the idea of progress—you met more characters, learned more about the alternate history, got better weapons, fought tougher enemies, found new locations, and even acquired entertaining collectibles, like English rock'n'roll songs sung in German. This gave the original game a propulsive momentum. Every component worked in harmony to maintain player interest in the world at a level beyond the combat engine.
On the other hand, The Old Blood keeps a narrow focus on a single mission in (another) Castle Wolfenstein and the nearby city of Wulfsburg. Other characters exist primarily to just give you missions or attack you. These pawns offer almost nothing like the sustained relationship development of The New Order, and Old Blood foregoes clever secret areas and backstory hints hidden throughout that game. The only notable collectible in The Old Blood is numbered piles of gold.
Without that dash of personality, it's possible to frame the first half of The Old Blood as an all-combat Wolfenstein. This is not a bad game idea; the combat in The New Order was quite good and The Old Blood manages to maintain its speed and, usually, it's effective level design. The game follows a consistent model of small side corridors leading into large spaces filled with pieces of not-quite-sufficient cover. This tends to force effective shoot-and-move combat, where you're always in danger of being flanked but can usually find just enough respite if you keep your wits.
The Old Blood reinforces its combat focus by highlighting a “Challenge” mode, which takes some of the best sustained portions of the story campaign and lets you play through them in a competitive, scored mode. This is good if you really like Wolfenstein's combat, but it's difficult to recommend on its own without the pulp story or sense of progress driving the rest of the game.
It's worth mentioning, though, that even if you do love Wolfenstein's combat, the game perversely keeps you away from it in the beginning. By far the worst sequence in the game is the first level, with an imprisoned B.J. Blazkowicz escaping under the eyes of twisted metal proto-supersoldiers. It's a level spent almost entirely in stealth and, bizarrely, it's a Wolfenstein mission with only occasional access to actual guns. Perhaps it's intended to serve as a tutorial for The Old Blood's world and systems, but anyone who's played The New Order won't need that. The whole thing feels frustrating and perfunctory.
What are you wearing?
Even after that introduction, there's a feeling that something's missing as The Old Blood continues. Halfway through the game, you come across a mirror. In a quick cut scene, Blazkowicz adjusts and cleans the mirror, showing your player character's body for the first time. It answers a question I had for the first few hours of the game: “What on Earth am I wearing?”
This isn't an idle question—the lack of feedback about Blazkowicz's current state strikes at the heart of what makes The Old Blood different from last year's surprisingly excellent The New Order. In The New Order you always feel fully embodied by the game world—that's part of what made it feel special. Part of this was simply visual: the most memorable image of The New Order was B.J., 20 years later, staring blankly out a window in a Polish sanitarium.
But the idea of embodiment was much deeper than that. Walk through your base in The New Order and other characters talk to, tease, enlighten, or make out with you. They responded to your presence and your interest, and if “you” were shirtless or naked, as The Old Blood implies, they would sure as hell let you know it. They gave the game a solid sense of place, something The Old Blood generally lacks.
Get into the second half of The Old Blood, however, and things become monumentally more interesting. The addition of new environments in a set of caves, a village, then a city, is good on its own. But you also run into characters (who notice the fact that you're almost naked!) and specific references to German history in the Nazi era, like an adaptation of Sophie Scholl and the White Rose. Through these middle sections, The Old Blood is transformed into a near-perfect continuation of The New Order, using both story and novelty to great motivation.
It doesn't quite last—the focus on Nazi occultism leads to a climax that's less interesting than The New Order's examination of the effects of Nazi science-without-ethics—and it ends up making the first half of the game feel like a deliberate withholding of the good stuff that actually was possible. It's a reminder that while The Old Blood does manage to achieve greatness, it doesn't quite have the scope to do so consistently enough.
The good:
Fast, fun, Wolfenstein combat
Propulsive middle levels
Sliding into crouch while dual-wielding shotguns
The bad:
Almost story-free first half lacks a sense of progress
Occult Nazi story less interesting than New Order's alternate history
The ugly:
A first level almost entirely without shooting
Verdict: Buy it, after exhausting The New Order
JNS.org – The Jewish community of Sweden was not invited to an annual anti-Nazi event commemorating Kristallnacht due to a perceived security risk, the Swedish newspaper Norrköpings Tidningar reported.
The organizers of “Umeå against Nazism,” held in the city of Umeå last week, said that anti-Semitic and anti-Israel protests have occurred at past events and that it would be an unsafe environment for Jews.
“In previous years, we have had a lot of Palestinian flags at these rallies, and even one banner where the Israeli flag was equated with a swastika,” said the organizers, according to a JNS.org translation.
Organizer and local Workers' Party member Jan Hägglund said, “The Jewish community wasn't invited because we assumed they might be uncomfortable around that sort of thing.'
The event centers on Kristallnacht, or the Night of Broken Glass, the massive pogrom against Austrian and German Jews that many consider to have marked the beginning of the Holocaust in 1938.
Some city officials did invite the Jewish community to rallies in protest of this exclusion, including a ceremony initiated by Umeå's first deputy chairperson of the municipal government. Agren said it the exclusion was typical for Umeå and that they felt ashamed.
Sam Hodgson/Reuters Catching cancer early is an incredible challenge, but a new way to detect it in the blood may totally revolutionize cancer treatment in just a few years.
Illumina, the $25 billion maker of gene sequencing technology, has created a new company to invent a blood test to detect all cancers in their early stages, something that would be a tremendous help to those trying to detect the illness before it is too difficult to treat effectively.
This isn't the first attempt of this nature, and previous efforts by other companies have been criticized for having too little research behind them or focusing too much on detection rather than treatment. Crucially, this blood test does not exist yet, and while scientists will be working furiously to try to make it happen, it doesn't mean they will succeed.
But this latest bet is one of the best-funded, with a number of illustrious scientists already involved — and Illumina's backing may give it a crucial boost.
The new company, called Grail (as in, it's trying to achieve something considered the Holy Grail for cancer researchers) hopes to have a pan-cancer blood test by 2019, an extremely ambitious goal.
That would mean that anyone could add such a test onto their annual physical — no need for separate tests for different types of lung cancer, prostate cancer, or any other form of the illness.
Bill Gates speaks on stage at the Plenary Session: Investing in Prevention and Resilient Health Systems during the second day of the 2015 Clinton Global Initiative's Annual Meeting at the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers on September 27, 2015 in New York City. JP Yim/Getty Images
Grail is launching with $100 million in Series A financing, backed by Illumina, Bill Gates, Sutter Hill Ventures, and Jeff Bezos' Bezos Expeditions. Illumina and Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center are partnering to help launch a study to see if Grail's test can actually do what they hope it will do.
"We look forward to a day in the not too distant future where there would be a simple blood test for every form of cancer," Dr. Richard Klausner, former director of the National Cancer Institute and a board member of Grail, said on a press call on Sunday.
The key to this effort is the ability to detect what's known as circulating tumor DNA, or CTDNA. In recent years, doctors have discovered that the genetic material from cancerous tumors starts circulating in our bodies.
"It's abundantly clear that these molecules are in the blood," Illumina CEO Jay Flatley said on the call.
So, along with Memorial Sloan Kettering, Grail plans on following hundreds of thousands of patients over the next few years and trying to see if they can detect CTDNA in those patients whenever they develop cancer.
That research will be crucial: An earlier effort by another company, Pathway Genomics, to create a "liquid biopsy" for cancer was greeted in September by a stern letter from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) warning that the agency had "not found any published evidence that this test or any similar test has been clinically validated as a screening tool for early detection of cancer in high risk individuals."
Flatley is well aware of the minefield Grail is entering. "If you look at this business, it's littered with failures. With a few exceptions, screening tests have been invariably horrible," they told the MIT Technology Review. "It's a big challenge."
If Grail's trials show its test can detect stage 2 cancer, Flatley says the market value of those tests could be from $20 to $40 billion. If CTDNA can accurately identify stage 1 cancers, that would give them a $100 billion value, according to Flatley.
Doing something like this does also come with risks for overdiagnosis, even if the research is successful; a regular test for cancer risks causing many people to receive potentially dangerous treatment for cancers that wouldn't have seriously impacted their health in the long run, according to José Baselga, Physician-in-Chief and Chief Medical Officer of Memorial Sloan Kettering.
But the ways that CTDNA screening could work, and the opportunities that screening creates for early treatment, could revolutionize cancer treatment in ways that "cannot be overemphasized," according to Baselga.
"We must diagnose cancer earlier," they say.
PINCONNING, MI -- A Manhattan man said they watched a Jeep flip "10 times" as they were driving on Interstate 75 in Bay County, prompting them to run and help.
Norm Augustinus, a novelist and freelance writer, said they immediately pulled over and ran to the wrecked SUV after the single-vehicle crash about 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 26, in the northbound lanes between Pinconning and Linwood roads.
Southbound I-75 remains open, while one lane of northbound traffic was closed at 2:30 p.m. Wednesday, the Michigan State Police reports.
Augustinus said they were southbound and saw the SUV veer left off the road, "like someone fell asleep or had a medical thing," Augustinus said. The vehicle then jerked back, flipping or rolling over and coming to rest in the median, they said. They said they saw four or so people thrown into the air.
"I don't know how people lived," they said. "I didn't expect them to be alive."
They immediately pulled over their Mercedes Smart Car and was at the SUV within seconds. They saw the vehicle smoking and was concerned about a fire, so they pulled a young boy with a cut on their head out and a girl, pulling them out of the vehicle by their hair.
"I never saw anything like it," Augustinus said Wednesday.
At the scene, they dabbed blood on the boy's face with a pillow, and they and others tried to get an older man out, but couldn't.
The victims seemed to be in a stupor as Augustinus spoke with them and tried to help them until police arrived. There were many people in the vehicle when it crashed, leaving them with deep bruises, cuts and one with an injured shoulder.
Augustinus found a spot on a hill to watch rescuers work. They took several photographs of the scene.
The Jeep with Ohio plates came to rest in a deep embankment, they said.
Victims and rescuers at the scene of a rollover crash Aug. 26 on I-75 in Bay County.
A boy was airlifted from the location for treatment, along with a woman complaining of neck pain, they said.
The Bay County Sheriff's Department is investigating the case, according to the state police.
"It was a brutal accident," they said. "I pulled really hard to get the girl out, they were 5 or 6, I hope I didn't hurt them I got a blonde boy out and an older man was trapped inside."
People at the scene couldn't get the older man out and they were about to try to lift the Jeep when police and firefighters arrived, they said. They were glassy-eyed, pinned under the vehicle, awake, talking and seat-belted in the car, Augustinus said.
Michigan State Police did not immediately confirm Augustinus' account or release additional information.
Augustinus, who said they write mostly humor in their novels and does freelance writing for various websites, said they were shaken up but happy about how they reacted.
"I just wanted to help people and I surprised myself," they said. "I was pleased to do it. All my life I hoped I could help someone like this in some capacity.
"Boy did that test me there."
-- Brad Devereaux is a public safety reporter for MLive/The Saginaw News. Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and Google+
Most people know professional wrestling is largely staged, even some of its biggest fans. Wrestling fans get caught up in the whimsical stories the wrestlers act out on the world's stage, and suspend belief for two hours every Monday night while the slightly less brain damaged are watching football. But sometimes, the creative team at the WWE ask us to suspend our belief a little too high, and then drop it off a f-----g skyscraper. Here are some examples of how if things in wrestling were handled in an even remotely realistic fashion, these deranged criminals would be on Death Row:
4. Stone Cold Steve Austin
Charges: Aggravated assault, attempted calculated murder, public drunkenness , DUI, grand theft beer truck/zamboni
Biggest offense: Attempted vehicular homicide
Austin's image is pretty much based around the concept that he's an a-----e. In stark contrast to the faces of old, Austin gained fans not by supporting America and imploring kids to say their prayers and drink their milk, but rather by kicking their boss's ass on a weekly basis, and telling kids to go f--k themselves. All of this was in kayfabe of course (kayfabe = “in character”, the etymology of which reportedly is derived from pig latin for “fake” – which pretty much makes me an “oserlay” for knowing that), and only added to their appeal.
“Go f--k yourselves New York! …Austin 3:16 shirts now just $19.99 at wwfshopzone.com!”
Possibly the most insulting act to wrestling fans' intelligence, however, came at Survivor Series 2000, when in a match between Austin and Triple H, Austin locked Helmsley into a car, somehow gained access to an industrial 50 ft. crane, and lifted the car with it and subsequently dropped it to the ground. Oftentimes the creative team will “write in” a reason as to why a wrestler legitimately has to take camera time off for personal reasons. Surely this was some sort of explanation for Helmsley having real-life surgery or something. This sort of heinous act would invariably severely injure, if not instantly kill someone.
Triple H was on RAW 15 days later, healthy as a horse!
3. Triple H
Charges: Indecent exposure, fraud, assault with a deadly weapon with intent to injure, conspiracy
Biggest offense: Videotaped and publicly admitted rape
The Game themselves is just an upstanding, morally sound fellow, isn't he? Betraying long time friends to get ahead, hospitalizing innocent men, raping their boss's daughter…wait, what? In 1999, Stephanie McMahon was set to marry Test on an episode of RAW (always the best forum for a declaration of holy matrimony), but as the priest asked if anyone had any objections, H's music hit, and out they came with video evidence of them drugging, marrying, and subsequently raping a passed-out Stephanie. Vince McMahon had all the evidence they needed; they called the cops and Helmsley was sent directly to jail without parole. …Just kidding, this is pro wrestling, McMahon instead did nothing other than sign themselves into a title match against Helmsley. The punishment has to fit the crime, after all!
Christ, if real life was anything like wrestling Saddam would not have been captured and killed, they would have faced Dubya in a ladder match for the rights to face the champion at WrestleMania, and the ‘Iraq war' would have been nothing more than Bush blowing their nose in the Iraqi flag in front of Saddam's weeping manager and Saddam calling everybody in attendance ‘stupid Americans'.
2. The Big Boss Man
Charges: Animal cruelty, inhumane murder of animals, interrupting a funeral and dragging the dead man's goddamned corpse by a chain attached to their personalized police car (I can't even feign legal jargon with these crimes, they're too f----d up)
Biggest offense: Killing, slicing and dicing a man's dog without their consent and subsequently feeding it to him, cackling maniacally
The Big Boss Man was one of those mid-carders in the early 1990s who everyone knew but no one quite knew why they were on television. He's been offensively overweight their entire career, and their entire gimmick is that he's a cop. I know there are some uncreative gimmicks out there, but Christ, their gimmick may as well have been that he's a dinosaur.
“You know who are hard asses? T-REXES! But since we sadly can't fashion a man into a dinosaur, let's just make them a police officer.”
In the late 1990s they came back with a complete character overhaul which included exchanging their blue police shirt for a black SWAT team vest. They also became the most sadistic m----------r on the face of the planet. It happened in a strangely clandestine meeting in a seedy Worchester, MA hotel between the Boss Man themselves and Al Snow. The two were bitter enemies at the time, yet somehow put their differences aside for a completely unexplained casual meeting before the show in Snow's hotel room, where Boss Man offered Snow some food. Disregarding the fact that the Boss Man was apparently out for blood, Snow readily accepted the mystery meat without so much as a precautionary sniff. After they ate it, the Boss Man excitedly told them that they just ate their own dog. Once again, instead of being thrown into jail and protested by PETA for the rest of their mortal life, a wacky gimmick match was created for the next Pay-Per-View event to settle the horrific injustice. The two fought in a hilariously failed “Kennel From Hell” match wherein dogs were supposed to be surrounding the ring, acting all ferocious and s--t like dogs do, but instead just yelped defeatedly and pissed all over themselves.
1. The Big Boss Man (again)
Charges: See above.
Biggest offense: See above.
For some reason the Big Boss Man became the most soulless antichrist on the face of the planet (which laughably still didn't get them over as a heel), and their laundry list of mortal sins became way too much for just one entry. Try to follow this horrifying (and retarded) chain of events:
In another feud with The Big Show, Boss Man decided to get into their opponents head by somehow uncovering untold secrets Show had never told anyone in their life. Boss Man hired someone to tell Show that their father had passed away. At the funeral, they showed up in a custom made police car that they inexplicably owned, chained the casket to it and drove away whirring their sirens, screaming and shooting off their guns like it was an episode of a necrophiliac Dukes of Hazard. A few weeks after this display which likened them to a satanic Yosemite Sam, they decided to mess with Show a little more. They accomplished this by knocking on their mother's door, who, like Snow, readily invited the raging maniac who just stole their late husband's corpse into their home for milk and cookies. During the powwow, Boss Man got Big Show's mother to admit that they were a bastard child, and immediately exclaiming to the camera that they were a “Big Nasty Bastard!” while cackling to the camera. Boss Man then stole blankets from a nearby orphanage and strangled an elderly woman trying to cross the street with them while pissing on an American flag [citation needed].
Once again, a sordid affair that should probably have involved intervention of National Defense was instead solved by a wrestling match with some wacky stipulation. The Big Boss Man died a few years later, presumably from guilt.
Drone shot of Manawatu Gorge slip, blocking State Highway 3 at the Woodville end.
The Manawatu Gorge road is closed after slips blocked both lanes, with the cleanup expected to take weeks.
The NZ Transport Agency first said both lanes were blocked after one slip on State Highway 3 at 9.30pm on Monday.
The NZTA then posted on its Twitter and Facebook accounts on Tuesday afternoon that there were multiple slips and that the road would be closed until May 25.
SUPPLIED/NZTA This smaller slip at the Ashhurst end of State Highway 3 through the Manawatu Gorge is expected to take a day to clear.
However, those posts were soon deleted and replaced with ones only saying there were multiple slips.
Highway manager Ross I'Anson​ said there were two slips, with one much bigger than the other.
SUPPLIED/NZTA About 3,500 cubic metres of earth is blocking the Woodville end of State Highway 3 through the Manawatu Gorge.
The small slip, at the Ashhurst end of the gorge, was about 200 cubic metres and would take about a day to clear, they said.
But the bigger slip, at the Woodville end, was about 3500cum.
While both slips were small in comparison to a 2011 slip that closed the road for a year, it would still take three weeks to make the road safe again, I'Anson said.
Murray Wilson This slip, in 2011, closed the Manawatu Gorge for a year.
Geotechnical engineers and NZTA staff had done a preliminary assessment of the slips with a drone to make sure it was safe for work to start on clearing and stabilising, they said.
More detailed analysis work would take place at 9am on Wednesday before deciding on the next steps.
Motorists can use the Pahiatua Track and the Saddle Rd as alternative routes.
The highway through the gorge has a history of being closed because of slips, the most famous being two in 2011.
The road was closed from August 2011 until August 2012, at first opening to just one lane.
Slips continued to plague the road, which only fully reopened to two-way traffic in November 2012.
Clearing all the slips cost NZTA more than $20 million, while businesses in the area were also hit hard.
A $2.2m gorge upgrade programme began in September 2015, including the installation and repair of rockfall netting and other protective measures in the gorge.
The latest work, which started in February and was due to be completed in April, focused on clearing debris from the 2011 and 2012 slips to stop it reaching the road.
The main alternative routes, the Pahiatua Track and Saddle Rd, have also had their fair share of issues.
The track, a main route between Manawatu and Wairarapa, was fully blocked for a few days in early April after Cyclone Debbie.
Meanwhile, the Saddle Rd has in the past been damaged by heavy trucks and increased traffic when the gorge is closed.
About $8m has been spent upgrading the road in the past few years.
Premier Kathleen Wynne will meet Tuesday with Toronto deputy mayor Norm Kelly, bypassing Mayor Rob Ford after their admission of smoking crack and off-colour comments about oral sex. News of the meeting, where Kelly said they plan to raise “a wide range of issues,” prompted a tirade from Ford's brother, Doug.
Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly speaks to aide Earl Provost, right, as the budget committee at City Hall on Monday. ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
Officials said the noon-hour tête-à-tête will be the first chance Wynne has had to chat with Kelly since Ford — who is under investigation by police for links to an alleged drug dealer and has become the butt of jokes on late-night comedy shows — was stripped of all but ceremonial powers in a recent vote by city council. “It's a get-to-know-you meeting,” said a source in the premier's office, noting Wynne is a Toronto MPP from Don Valley West. “She wants to show solidarity with the city of Toronto and they want to meet him.” “We're interested in knowing whether the city council is operating as it should. If the deputy mayor is bringing forward any requests, we're not aware of that.”
Article Continued Below
Kelly told reporters at city hall that “I'll be doing my best to make some points on behalf of the city of Toronto.” Wynne has left the door open for city council to ask for assistance from the province in the wake of the Ford scandal, which put city hall at the centre of worldwide media attention. The premier described Ford's behaviour — including a video of them inebriated and threatening to kill someone — as “truly disturbing.” Councillor Doug Ford, who has mused about running in Etobicoke North for Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak in a provincial election expected next spring, appeared annoyed that their brother has been bypassed. “So I guess it's going to be a meeting of two unelected officials running the largest city and largest province,” Ford said Monday, calling for provincial and municipal elections.
“I've got an idea: why don't we go to the polls tomorrow, why don't we do a two-for-one deal— the unelected premier and the unelected deputy mayor. Why don't we just go to the polls and let the people decide like a true democracy rather than this coup d'état that's happening.” Wynne came to power last February after being selected Liberal leader by party activists following the resignation of their predecessor Dalton McGuinty.
Article Continued Below
Kelly took issue with Doug Ford's jab. “Residents of Scarborough—Agincourt voted for me, residents of Premier Wynne's riding voted for her, and having been voted, we each were voted into a system that chooses positions inside that system. So everything was done democratically and legitimately.” “I think there are a number of Christmas wishes that I'll be taking there with me.” With files from Daniel Dale and Betsy Powell
Read more about:
Restructure may extend past June 2018 deadline
[This article was updated on March 26 with additional comments from Superintendent Retha McCutchen]
The yearly meeting transition team met in closed session on Saturday, March 18. The team produced no minutes but did approve a report that was released the following Wednesday. That report counters one point from an earlier published Administrative Council decision, clarifies others, and prompts some new questions.
In a follow-up email, Superintendent Retha McCutchen said that they were named “the spokesperson for all communication from the group and its work.” They said that several of the questions raised “have not been answered yet.” They promised to provide more information as it becomes available.
After a list of those present at the meeting, the report says that “no decisions were made. The team familiarized themselves with assets of NWYM and its related organizations and decided what research needs to be done to have the documentation necessary to make informed decisions.”
The report identifies four points of information:
Transition date flexible, all churches may choose to join new yearly meeting
In the decision announced by the Administrative Council in January, affirming churches will be set aside as independent churches or “may be a part of the newly formed yearly meeting.” This transition process was to be completed “on or before June 30, 2018.”
But the report released Wednesday walked back that language from the Administrative Council, calling June 30, 2018, a “soft date. Churches are not under a deadline to make decisions regarding their status within this time period. The transition team will offer a time frame after June 2018 where churches might still leave NWYM with their property.”
McCutchen clarified that “this is not a hard and fast deadline that a church meets or else. Churches might make a decision in the next six months or they may not reach consensus within their meeting until after June 30, 2018.”
The report also clarifies that churches not currently holding an affirming stance on human sexuality “are welcome in either yearly meeting.”
“The reorganization as presented by AC and amended during the January Reps meeting is intended to invite those churches who are diverse, and who have decided to keep their community together and live within that diversity, to be a part of either yearly meeting,” McCutchen said.
According to the published Administrative Council decision, a new yearly meeting “may include churches who have internal disagreement but have agreed to align their practices with the newly formed yearly meeting Faith and Practice.” Northwest Yearly Meeting “may include churches who have internal disagreement but have agreed to align their practices with current NWYM Faith and Practice.”
Nobody loses nonprofit status
“All churches currently members of NWYM will remain under NWYM's 501(c)(3) until a new yearly meeting is formed and [has] obtained a 501(c)(3) for member churches.”
The exception to this coverage is that any “local church [that] has secured its own designation” will at that point, presumably, cease to be covered by the yearly meeting's nonprofit status.
What about independent churches?
The transition team considered the reality that some churches may choose to be independent rather than stay with Northwest Yearly Meeting or join a new yearly meeting. The transition team has not determined what share those churches might have in yearly meeting assets.
Retirement accounts may remain where they are
Anyone who has invested in a 401k(k) tax-qualified, defined-contribution pension account, will be allowed to keep their individual contributions where they are, or withdraw their account, “regardless of the yearly meeting choice.”
“This statement is only intended to reassure people nothing is changing with their pension terms and conditions,” McCutchen said.
The transition team meets again on Saturday, April 15. Click here for the full report from Saturday's meeting.
Related
President Donald Trump said they would be willing to testify “100 percent” to special counsel Robert Mueller about their recollection of their conversations with their former FBI director James Comey, accusing them of getting the facts wrong about the conversation.
“No collusion, no obstruction, he's a leaker,” Trump said, asserting that they did not ask Comey for a pledge of loyalty and did not say that they hoped that Comey would drop the investigation against their former National Security adviser Michael Flynn.
“I hardly know the man,” Trump said, when asked by reporters about Comey. “I'm not going to say I want you to pledge allegiance.”
When asked if they would testify under oath on the situation, Trump agreed.
“I'd be happy to tell them what I told you,” they said.
When asked if there were tapes of the conversations, Trump said that they would inform the press shortly.
“You're going to be very disappointed when you hear the answer,” they said.
THIS WEEK'S MISSION:
WHAT is a Husbando Pillow and WHY does Crystal Beth want one? You gotta listen to find out, which I guess you're already kinda doing if you're reading this, so hello!
This week's mission: THE TRIAL OF RICK AND MORTY SEASON 3! Is it amazing, shitty, or more of the same? Our guests play judge, jury and executor, Judge Dredd style! Also, much like Judge Dredd, it would be better if Karl Urban was there.
AND: We play another new game, "BEST OR THE WORST," where our panelists discuss their favorite and least-favorite entries in the MCU! But first, I have to teach these fucking clowns what the MCU is. Can you believe these people?
THIS WEEK'S CREW:
Alex J. Marino | @jalexmarino
Crystal Beth | @thecrystalbeth
Pete The Retailer | @petetheretailer
Areas where there is political turmoil or fighting are often difficult places for even those in the mainstream of a culture to live in. It's even harder for people on the fringe of society as they face confusion, uncertainty, deteriorating living conditions, and daily fear for personal safety. Those set apart by ethnicity, language, sexual orientation, political views, or religion are the most vulnerable to loss of property or even loss of life. In Syria and Egypt, two countries currently experiencing political turmoil or civil war, one by one Pagan voices have fallen silent.
There are eight Pagans, three in Egypt and five in Syria, that I have regular contact with online. They had always been cautious about revealing their religion to people within their country and expressed dismay over their isolation, but they were happy to talk online and wanted to know what American Pagans, especially those who practice Mesopotamian or Kemetic religions, were doing.
Egypt
The Egyptian Pagans, who were elated at the fall of Muburak, expressed hope that a truly democratic government would emerge in Egypt. Then, concerns crept in at the increasing power of the Muslim Brotherhood. Karim saw the Brotherhood as a threat to both their country and to him, as a Pagan, personally. Over the past seven months, the lag in communication grew as they became more politically involved and went to rallies and protests. They expressed fear that pagans and other religious minorities were in increasing danger and that the Christians would sacrifice people like them to the Brotherhood to appease them. The other two Pagans I communicate with followed a similar pattern. Elation, followed by concern, followed by fear and determination. Then silence. I have no way of finding out if they are simply too involved with the political turmoil in Egypt to respond, if they are keeping quiet to avoid suspicion, or anything else. It's been three months since I have heard from any of them.
.
Syria
The situation in Syria appears to be more grave, according to the last messages I received from the five Pagans I chat with regularly. They spoke of the fighting and how places looked like Beirut, buildings just shells of themselves, rubble blocking the streets. They detailed neighbors going missing. Islamic fundamentalist patrols that monitor behavior and took violent action against people who violated rules and customs. They debated fleeing, worried about being outed as a Pagan, and started destroying or burying altars. Three began attending local mosques to show their devotion to Islam.
Yana dropped off first. I last heard from them in June of 2012. Bayan, another Syrian Pagan, also hadn't heard from them but said fighting in their area was intense. They said they had seen patrols targeting young women and men, beating them and they said it was rumored they were raping them. They thought perhaps they fled to a safer area or was silent to avoid detection.
That was the last email I received from Bayan. Like dominoes the other Syrian Pagans went silent. No emails or texts. No word on their safety. I keep hoping I will hear something, but it's been several months and still no word.
I reached out to a Pagan in Lebanon, Adon, to see what they have heard about their coreligionists in Syria and Egypt. Although he's not in the same country, he's much closer than I am. I asked Adon if they had heard from Pagans in Egypt and Syria.
I haven't heard of my pagan friends in Syria for a while too now, i know at least three of them who moved to other countries, especially Algeria, and United Arab emirates, but i have lost their contact in the process. The others are still silent, so they're either disconnected, moved from the country, or worse. It's hard to tell at the moment, pagans in the Near East were already several secluded clusters of individuals who don't have a lot of contact with each other before everything started to happen. This is the case even in Lebanon where it's relatively easier to be open about one's religious identity. I didn't have any contact previously with Egyptian pagans, but they're probably fine, but everyone in Egypt is too distracted to think about anything but politics and survival at the moment, i've had trouble having a decent conversation even with non-pagan egyptian friends in the past few months. Anyway, you're right that the atmosphere is getting a lot less safe for non-muslims in general and even for less devoted muslims. It's very risky to even discuss religion in Syria at the moment, whether we were in the areas controlled by the regime or by the rebels. In Egypt the situation is a bit brighter since there's a larger civil society and minorities in general and things are still relatively peaceful. However, the general feeling here is that this is temporary, the Islamists are taking the lead now after being in the shadows for decades, and all this will catalyze the process of getting over fundamental Islamism faster. – Adon
My hope is that peace and liberty come to this region of the world. I hope my friends are safe and that someday soon, they can live without fear. That their voices are once again heard and this terrible silence ends. May Anu and Horus watch over them.
Professor Mark Skidmore and a team of researchers has examined various government websites and reports and believe they may have found trillions of dollars in unauthorized spending by the federal government. After examining spending by the Department of Defense (DoD) and the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Skidmore and their team found $21 trillion in ostensibly unauthorized federal spending from 1998 to 2015.
In an interview on WKAR public radio in Michigan, Skidmore said, “The most recent report that we refer to came out in 2016 for the Army. It's the largest one of $6.5 trillion in unsupported adjustments and typically in government, adjustments would be on the expenditure side and not on the revenue flow side, because that revenue comes in, is authorized by Congress. But in this case, at least according to the document, there was an adjustment in the amount of $800 billion … that looks like a transfer from the Treasury to the Army.” Skidmore -- an economist at Michigan State University -- was assisted by graduate students and a former government official.
How do you get to $800 billion?
Skidmore said that every year, each agency or department is authorized a certain amount of funds. For example, they cited the Army, which would receive between $120 to $130 billion. For fiscal year 2015, Skidmore said, the Army would have received $122 billion, “and then there's this adjustment that takes place, and it's a transfer from Treasury to the Army of $800 billion. It indicates that this is to adjust for previous years, but in every previous year you would have gotten an allocation in a similar amount, so how could you get $800 billion? I just don't understand and I, in fact, I sent another message to some people today, again asking this kind of question.”
The MSU economist cited another example of 170 unsupported journal voucher adjustments that amount to $2.1 trillion. Skidmore said they expected to find some sort of explanation for the 170 adjustments, but found none. They said, “‘Wow, that doesn't seem like too many unsupported adjustments to describe and explain how it could be $2.1 trillion. Is it just an accounting function? But how could it be so large?'”
So far, Skidmore has received no specific reply from government officials to their queries. They have contacted the Congressional Budget Office, the Government Accountability Office, and the Office of the Inspector General. While they have received return calls, they have not yet received an answer to their questions about the report of the allegedly unauthorized $6.5 trillion in spending. That's the most recent one and it's the largest, so it's the one that I've been focusing my questions on.
It was after website links to key data were disabled at the website for the Office of the Inspector General that Skidmore joined Laurence Kotlikoff in penning an article at Forbes magazine about what they had found. They wrote:
“On July 26, 2016, the Office of the Inspector General (OIG) issued a report ‘Army General Fund Adjustments Not Adequately Documented or Supported'. The report indicates that for fiscal year 2015 the Army failed to provide adequate support for $6.5 trillion in journal voucher adjustments. According to the GAO's Comptroller General, ‘Journal vouchers are summary-level accounting adjustments made when balances between systems cannot be reconciled. Often these journal vouchers are unsupported, meaning they lack supporting documentation to justify the adjustment or are not tied to specific accounting transactions…. For an auditor, journal vouchers are a red flag for transactions not being captured, reported, or summarized correctly.”
They went on to write:
“Given that the entire Army budget in fiscal year 2015 was $120 billion, unsupported adjustments were 54 times the level of spending authorized by Congress. The July 2016 report indicates that unsupported adjustments are the result of the Defense Department's "failure to correct system deficiencies."
Inadequate audit trail
The result, according to the report, is that data used to prepare the year-­end financial statements were unreliable and lacked an adequate audit trail. The report indicates that just 170 transactions accounted for $2.1 trillion in year—end unsupported adjustments. No information is given about these 170 transactions. In addition, many thousands of transactions with unsubstantiated adjustments were, according to the report, removed by the Army. There is no explanation concerning why they were removed nor their magnitude. The July 2016 report states, ‘In addition, DFAS (Defense Finance and Accounting Service) Indianapolis personnel did not document or support why DDRS (The Defense Department Reporting System) removed at least 16,513 of 1.3 million feeder file records during the Third Quarter.'”
When WKAR contacted DoD's Office of Inspector General about the $21 trillion of unsupported adjustments, DoD spokesperson Bruce Anderson stated that both the Army and Defense Finance and Accounting Service (DFAS) were not able to provide “the underlying detailed transaction level documentation to support the $6.5 trillion in [journal voucher] adjustments. The $6.5 trillion represents the amount of unsupported adjustments DFAS created for the FY15 Yearend Army General Fund Financial Statements. The number is not cumulative and is not an estimate. We reported that the JV [journal voucher] adjustments were unsupported. Without this supporting documentation, we simply could not determine whether the adjustments were necessary or correct. We include in the report data showing the considerable number of unsupported and supported JV adjustments.”
The statement said that the agency found $803 billion in unsupported Fund Balance With Treasury (FBWT) adjustments that were not transfers from the U.S. Treasury. FBWT refers to an asset account of available budget spending authority for a department. “Without sufficient supporting documentation for the adjustments, we could not determine whether the adjustments were warranted and accurate, or whether the values in the financial statements were accurate.”
According to the statement from DoD, “The $903 billion in unsupported A/P adjustments are not amounts due to specific vendors or individuals.” It contended that the relevant agencies were using accounting methods to establish the “correct beginning balances for the general ledger account. This net number is a result of 22,536 adjustments made by DFAS personnel or generated by DFAS systems. These adjustments were considered unsupported because they did not provide sufficient transaction level documentation to support the adjustments. Without sufficient supporting documentation for the adjustments, we could not determine whether the adjustments were warranted and accurate, or whether the values in the financial statements were accurate.'
Moreover, DoD spokesperson Anderson wrote that the dead links on the OIG website were the result of migrating the agency's content to a new server on October 5. They wrote, “This required us to use new URLs for every document. I imagine Mr. Skidmore tried to get to the documents using old URLs, which regrettably but unavoidably no longer worked. A little searching would have resulted in finding the reports.”
Investigators Kotlikoff and Skidmore appear skeptical of the government's explanations for the allegedly unauthorized expenditures. They wrote: “Given that the entire Army budget in fiscal year 2015 was $120 billion, unsupported adjustments were 54 times the level of spending authorized by Congress. The July 2016 [OIG] report indicates that unsupported adjustments are the result of the Defense Department's "failure to correct system deficiencies.”
Kotlikoff and Skidmore added:
“An appendix to the July 2016 report shows $2 trillion in changes to the Army General Fund balance sheet due to unsupported adjustments. On the asset side, there is $794 billion increase in the Army's Fund Balance with the U.S. Treasury. There is also an increase of $929 billion in the Army's Accounts Payable. This information raises additional major questions. First, what is the source of the additional $794 billion in the Army's Fund Balance? This adjustment represents more than six times appropriated spending. Second, do these transfers represent a flow of funds to the Army beyond those authorized by Congress? Third, were these funds authorized and if so when and by whom? Fourth, what is the source of these funds? Finally, the $929 billion in Accounts Payable appears to represent an amount owed for items or services purchased on credit. What entities have received or will receive payment?”
The 64-year-old, whose films include Lethal Weapon, Point Break and Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas, said it was the lowest point in their years of drug addiction.
It happened when Busey accidentally dropped a stash of cocaine on the floor and their dog rolled in it.
They told US television show Access Hollywood: "I went in like a cropduster with my nose flying first and snorted the cocaine off the dog."
However, they got more than they bargained for: "You get little bugs, you get little hairs, you get grease and goo from the ground - it's not at all a healthy thing to do.
"But when you're an addict, you don't think of health, you think about destruction of youself unconsciously."
The actor has been clean and sober for the past 13 years, but their behaviour can sometimes be eccentric. At this year's Oscars, they provided a red carpet highlight when they gatecrashed an interview with actor Jennifer Garner and kissed them
 They are not the only celebrity to snort something unusual.
Ozzy Osbourne once hoovered up a line of ants, while Keith Richards claimed last year that they snorted their dead father's ashes. "He was cremated and I couldn't resist grinding them up with a little bit of blow," they said. The Rolling Stones guitarist later said that their comments had been "lost in translation".
Bulk Biceps, Sunset Shimmer and their daughter Autumn Blaze
Sunset met Bulk several times in the alternate dimension, but they couldn't stay there forever. They returned to Equestria at the end of their senior year at Canterlot High and made amends with Celestia. They decided they still had a lot to learn and took up tutelage under Celestia and Twilight, quickly making friends with the rest of the mane six and all the princesses. A changed mare they began living in Ponyville where they met Bulk for the first time as a pony. They won them over with a surprising gentle side and they dated for several years until they had their daughter and married. Autumn Blaze grew up with a love of magic, and grew up close with Simple Question. The pair is science buddies, and often work together.  They are a potion master, an inventor, and a magic enthusiast. Growing up in an major industrial and cultural surge she's rather taken to the steam industry that's built and has helped Ponyville become a steam hub and major cultural center. They lost their leg during an experiment gone wrong and with the help of Simple Question created a magically run leg similar to the propeller that Tank wears. It doesn't require them to use their mana to run but does on occasion have to be re-enchanted.
Autumn Blaze
Personality: Intellectual and devoted to their science and magic studies, with a love of tinkering. They gained a powerful voice, nearing the levels of the Canterlot Voice, from their father and from working around noisy machinery. Given the noise she's surrounded by daily they are somewhat hard of hearing.
Cutie Mark: A bronze gear with two sparkles
Occupation: Inventor and Scientist, honorary princess and on occasion guard and hoofmare to Simple Question.
(I haven't mentioned this yet so I guess I will here. In my version of Equestria hits an industrial and cultural surge, especially in the areas of magic, science and clean energy. Because of this they have a unique blend of steam power, and modern amenities {TV, Video Games, Washers and Dryers, etc}. Magic is powerful and infiltrates nearly every aspect of life for not only unicorns but pegasi and earth ponies as well. ((Clothing and culture ranges through multiple genres and styles, spanning eras, so be prepared for a rather interesting mix of clothes and eventually buildings.)))
Bulk Biceps and Sunset Shimmer belong to Hasbro
Autumn Blaze is mine
Leading Nordic bitcoin broker Prasos has acquired Coinmotion
Coinmotion Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 25, 2016
Leading Nordic bitcoin brokering company Prasos has acquired Coinmotion. Coinmotion is an international bitcoin exchange service that provides an easy & secure method of buying, selling and storing bitcoins. By acquiring Coinmotion Prasos is aiming to extend their services especially to regular people who want to safely invest in bitcoins and to better reach international markets.
“Our company has concentrated purely on bitcoin exchange services and our market area has mainly been Finland. Now we want to offer regular people an easy and safe way of storing bitcoins and expand our company to international markets. Adding Coinmotion to our service portfolio advances this goal significantly,” says Prasos' Co-founder & CEO Henry Brade.
Prasos operates Bittiraha.fi, which is the largest Bitcoin service in Finland. The company also offers cash trade via the largest BTM network in the Nordics, called Bittimaatti. Additionally, Prasos is the leading physical bitcoin manufacturer through their Denarium brand name. Coinmotion.com is a service which, in addition to offering an easy way to buy and sell bitcoins, also offers safe bitcoin storage.
“Our company has operated in the Bitcoin industry for 4 years which is a long time in the Bitcoin world. We have considerable experience in storing bitcoins safely and we are known as a reliable entity. Acquiring a service such as Coinmotion is a natural step forward for our company,” comments Prasos' Co-founder & COO Roni Blomberg.
Bitcoin is an international digital currency that has users in over 240 countries. It is estimated to have over 5 million users globally. Bitcoin is known as a growing internet currency but it has also been described as digital gold. In the last 12 months the value of bitcoin has risen and the exchange rate has doubled from approximately 200 euros per bitcoin to the current value of approximately 400 euros per bitcoin.
Additional information and interview inquiries:
Henry Brade, Prasos
+358 41 501 4485, hbrade (at) prasos.fi
Roni Blomberg, Prasos
+358 45 842 5320, rblomberg (at) prasos.fi
Coinmotion.com is an international bitcoin exchange service which started in 2014 and has been accelerated by Boost VC. It allows an easy and secure way of buying, selling and storing bitcoins. Coinmotion has thousands of customers, and millions of euros worth of bitcoins have been exchanged through its platform. Coinmotion transferred to the ownership of Prasos on 23.2.2016.
Prasos is a Finnish Bitcoin startup founded in 2012 and it has grown to become the leading Nordic Bitcoin service provider. Prasos operates multiple Bitcoin services such as Bittiraha.fi, Bittimaatti, Coinmotion, Denarium, BTC Store and Pikaosto.fi. Approximately one million euros worth of bitcoins are traded each month through the services operated by Prasos.
Their name was synonymous with Washington corruption, but Jack Abramoff is a changed man, and Kentucky lawmakers believe they can teach them valuable lessons when they serve as the featured speaker in a session on ethics that will open their 2012 General Assembly next month.
Abramoff, author of “Capitol Punishment: The Hard Truth About Washington Corruption From America's Most Notorious Lobbyist”, will tell the lawmakers how their corrupt actions propelled them to the top of Washington's lobbying world and to 43 months in prison after pleading guilty in 2006 to corrupting public officials, tax evasion and fraud, the Louisville Courier-Journal reported.
The high-profile scandal led to the convictions of 20 people for payoffs in exchange for political favors, including Republican Rep. Bob Ney of Ohio. Abramoff, who had plenty of time to reflect in prison, says their drastic fall was their wake-up call, and they now admit they did wrong.
Get “Capitol Punishment (Autographed)” and read the story about the ultimate Washington player.
The Louisville paper said the Kentucky Legislative Ethics Commission will pay Abramoff a $5,000 fee, plus expenses, for their Jan. 4 session with lawmakers.
All 138 legislators must attend three hours of ethics training annually, and George Troutman, the ethics commission's chairperson, said Abramoff is an ideal teacher.
“If you look at what this training for legislators is supposed to accomplish, I don't think there's anybody better on the face of the earth,” they told the Courier-Journal.
The requirement for ethics training was established in response to a federal investigation in the early 1990s that resulted in the convictions of 15 Kentucky legislators and six others on corruption charges.
Troutman said Abramoff was recommended by the commission's general counsel, John Schaaf, after Abramoff was interviewed on “60 Minutes” in early November.
On the CBS News program, Abramoff explained to Lesley Stahl the motivation for their book.
“I did things, and I was involved in the system I should not have been in,” Abramoff said. “I'm ashamed of the fact I was there, and that's the very reason why now I'm speaking about it.”
House Speaker Greg Stumbo, a Democrat, told the Louisville paper they thought Abramoff could “inform legislators of what might be transpiring on the other end of this equation where people are plotting ways to bring undue influence on legislators.”
“In that regard, I would say it would be very helpful,” they said.
Share. Jon Bernthal's tortured Frank Castle returns. Jon Bernthal's tortured Frank Castle returns.
Today's Marvel/Netflix panel at San Diego Comic-Con was mostly about The Defenders, with the surprise premiere of the first episode of that team-up show and the news that member Iron Fist is getting a second season of their own series. But Jon Bernthal also showed up just long enough to unveil a clip from their upcoming solo Punisher series.
The clip featured the tortured Frank Castle that made them so popular when this version of the character debuted in Daredevil Season 2. It started with images of Castle remembering teaching their daughter how to play the guitar, interspersed with shots of the modern-day Frank playing alone, but then suddenly yelling or slumped on the floor or rubbing their head -- just generally devastated.
Exit Theatre Mode
Of course, it's those ghosts that drive them on their mission, which is what the remainder of the clip portrayed as we see them taking out various bad guys -- apparently different arms of the same drug-dealing ring. In one case, he's in rural Alabama pursuing a couple of bikers in their van. They take them out with a few shots before running them over for good measure. Next we cut to Juarez, Mexico, where a dude is flashing money and cavorting with a hooker. Frank watches through their gun sights, and then we suddenly hear the POP of a single shot. But for a beat, nothing happens… and then suddenly the guy's head is splattered in blood. And the camera cuts to reveal that Castle took the shot from really, really far away.
The last victim of the Punisher's ministrations is a slimy guy in a suit, who has the unfortunate luck to run into Frank in an airport bathroom back at JFK in New York City. Castle kicks their way into the bathroom stall where the guy is, as the suit begs them and says that killing them isn't going to bring Frank's family back. Frank is unmoved, however, and they choke the guy to death with their own tie. Meanwhile, some other men in the bathroom are grossed out by the noises coming from the stall and yell “get a room, you dirty bastards!”
All in all, this extended clip didn't tell us too much about the show's story other than to remind us that Frank Castle is still out there punishing in the Marvel Netflix world. If you're a Punisher fan, then that should make you pretty happy.
The Punisher Season 1 is expected to debut later this year.
Talk to Senior Editor Scott Collura on Twitter at @ScottCollura.
DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland must loosen its strict abortion laws and replace them with a regime more respectful to women's rights, the Council of Europe's human rights commissioner said on Wednesday.
Human rights commissioner at the Council of Europe Nils Muiznieks speaks during an interview with Reuters in Warsaw, Poland June 15, 2016. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Rules on terminating a pregnancy in once stridently Catholic Ireland are among the world's most restrictive and a referendum on widening access could be held if a citizens' assembly set up by government recommends it in a decision expected next month.
At present, terminations are allowed only if a mother's life is in danger, after a total ban was lifted in 2013, a provision Commissioner Nils Muiznieks said still has a “chilling” effect on doctors who must decide who meets restrictive requirements.
The Council, not part of the European Union, is a pan-European body concerned primarily with the region's human rights.
“It's an unjust regime because it doesn't actually affect the number of abortions. If a woman has means to travel, they will do so, so that leave poorer women to fend for themselves in Ireland,” Muiznieks told Reuters in a telephone interview.
This deepens social inequalities and often leads to traumatic, clandestine procedures, Muiznieks said in a Council of Europe report covering a range of human rights issues in Ireland.
“Culturally, politically, socially, Ireland has changed significantly and I think that is not reflected in the current regime,” they said.
Muiznieks joined the United Nations Human Rights Committee in recommending that at a very minimum, the Irish government should decriminalize abortion and widen the law to allow for abortion in cases of fatal fetal abnormality, rape or incest.
In a letter responding to the recommendations, Ireland's government said the current laws do not prevent a doctor communicating in a normal way with regards to a patient's care.
The report was also critical of the government's handling of past abuses of women and children at Church-run institutions, saying enquiries into different cases had been inconsistent and redress proposed to victims inadequate.
The comments came after Ireland said it may widen an inquiry into so-called “mother-and-baby homes” — one of three areas where shortcomings were identified in the report — after the remains of babies ranging from new-born to three-years-old were found in the sewers of one such home this month.
While the Catholic Church ran many of Ireland's social services in the 20th century, they did so with state funding and the report expressed concern that in most cases, the state's accountability “has not been fully accepted, if at all”
The government's response did not specifically mention “mother-and-baby homes” but it said authorities will give the recommendations careful attention.
“The approach of the government heretofore has been quite ad-hoc. The people have waited a long time, if you're going to do it, do it right. These are quite serious human rights violations we're talking about,” Muiznieks said.
“The government cannot wash its hands of the human rights violations that took place. It's quite uncomfortable to have this mirror in front of you but the only way to move on is to provide justice.”
San Francisco: Mandatory Solar Panels on All New Buildings
Mandatory Solar Panels in California: San Francisco has passed a law stating that all new buildings are required to have solar panels on their roofs.
This historically significant bill, introduced by city supervisor Scott Wiener, was voted unanimously by the San Francisco's Board of Supervisors. This makes San Francisco the first major American city to require the installation of solar panels.
“By increasing our use of solar power, San Francisco is once again leading the nation in the fight against climate change and the reduction of our reliance on fossil fuels,” says Scott Wiener.
San Francisco is not new to legislations that deal with solar power. The new bill is an extension of the current state law – California's Title 24 Energy Standards – which states that all new residential and commercial buildings of 10 floors or fewer should be “solar-ready”. This implies that at least 15% of roof space should be free of shading and obstructions, and thus be available for solar installation.
The new legislation simply takes the “ready” out of the “solar-ready” part of the equation. Effective in 2017, 15% of roof space on all new commercial and residential buildings will need to be functioning on solar energy with the installation of solar photovoltaic units or electricity-generating panels, such as solar water panels.
“Activating underutilized roof space is a smart and efficient way to promote the use of solar energy and improve our environment,” Scott Wiener reminds us. “We need to continue to pursue aggressive renewable energy policies to ensure a sustainable future for our city and our region.”
Due to climate changes and global warming, San Francisco is especially motivated to turn to renewable energy sources that don't rely on carbon emission.
Located on the coast, and on the tip of a peninsula, San Francisco is particularly susceptible to rising sea levels. The emission of greenhouse gases plays a major role in the increase of worldwide temperature, which in turn is melting Earth's polar ice caps and forcing sea levels to go up.
Projections made by the National Research Council in conjunction with the Sea Level Rise Action plan indicate that sea levels will rise by 66 inches by the year 2100.
According to Risk Management Solutions, this corresponds to an estimated $55 billion of private and public sector property in coastal areas. This is the low-end estimate; a worse case scenario could push sea levels up to 108 inches, washing away another $22 billion of property by the end of the century.
These alarming numbers have pushed the mayor of San Francisco to invest another $8 million over the next two years to prevent flooding in the downtown district– specifically by focusing on fortifying the city's seawall.
Partnering with 100 Resilient Cities has inspired Risk Management Solutions to commit to helping cities around the world that are also in danger of suffering indirectly from the lack of renewable energy implementation.
Even today, San Francisco is already seeing the results of carbon dioxide emission with dangerous sea levels that have caused erosion, damaged the city's infrastructure during violent tides and already created major problems in the sewer system. It's no wonder San Francisco is becoming more concerned with global warming and turning to green energy.
The city's mayor at the time, Gavin Newsom, announced in December 2010 that San Francisco would be 100% dependent on renewable energy by the year 2020.
“As a company headquartered in the Bay Area, we appreciate first-hand the importance of increasing the city's resilience to sea-level rise,” says Paul VanderMarck, Chief Strategy Officer of Risk Management Solutions. “But San Francisco is not unique in this respect. Coastal cities across the world face the same challenges from climate change.”
VanderMarck is certainly right in categorizing the destructive nature of climate change as a global issue: 195 countries around the world signed the Paris Agreement in December 2015 at the Paris climate conference (COP21).
Historically, this is the first legally binding international climate agreement that unites nations into making ambitious efforts to fight global warming and assist developing countries in need of support. Additionally, the agreement intends to fortify the ability of countries to withstand the effects of global warming. Achieving these impressive objectives requires the implementation of a new technology framework, a building framework with improved capacity, as well as adequate financial flows.
The Paris agreement will enter in 2020 and puts forth a solid plan to limit global warming to below 2°C.
Ideally, this number should drop to 1.5°C, as this would significantly reduce the impact of climate change.
Why 2°C? Scientific research shows that any temperature increase beyond this would unleash consequences similar (but perhaps not quite as bad) to the ten plagues of Egypt. Along with inundation due to drastically rising sea levels, famine, extreme flooding, widespread shortages of water and frequent catastrophic storms are projected to occur should we fail to meet the goals of the Paris agreement. The 196 nations that have signed the document are fully committed to minimizing carbon emission and will keep reporting their national progress. However, the 2°C temperature increase maximum and its equivalent reduction in carbon emission cannot be fully controlled at a national level. At least one third of carbon emission is in the hands of cities and local governments.
This brings us back to San Francisco, and its new legislation to require the installation of solar panels on new buildings. Unsurprisingly, the new law has the support of the San Francisco Commission on the Environment, the U.S. Green Buildings Council, the Building Inspection Commission, and Brightline Defense, a non-profit foundation that encourages the creation of sustainable environments communities of low-income. Brightline Defense was also a supporter of GoSolarSF, a city program that helped businesses and homeowners install thousands of kilowatts of solar energy in order to reduce their electricity bills and contribute to the reduction of carbon dioxide release.
To help San Francisco achieve its goals of meeting 100% of its electricity demand through green energy, the Department of the Environment and the Environment Commission are in the process of creating programs that satisfy this policy, including promoting the use of solar energy.
San Francisco is far from being not alone. The Paris climate conference carried on with multiple sessions resolving around the crucial participation of cities and local governments– without which limiting global warming to below 2°C cannot be accomplished. The conference ended with the commitment of over 7,000 cities (which add up to a fifth of the world's population) to cut down on carbon dioxide emission through local initiatives.
“Everyone knows subnationals have moved faster than governments,” former U.S. Vice President Al Gore pointed out at the climate conference.
Al Gore is right: for the first time, 196 nations agree that cities and communities (also called “subnational actors” by the United Nations) will need to step into the shoes of the leading cast, as opposed to being supporting actors.
Jerry Brown, former Oakland mayor and the governor of California, agrees: “Acting on climate change is not just about a treaty, it is about all of us: cities, regions, subnationals,” they say.
Both Gore and Brown support the roadmap that the United Nations has set forth for cities to follow– the Lima Paris Action Agenda (LPPA).
In regards to the role of cities in the Paris agreement, the LPPA has four main goals: 1) increase the number of communities that are implementing action plans, such as the new San Francisco legislation regarding solar panels; 2) helping areas vulnerable to rising sea levels become more resilient to the possible consequences; 3) augment financial resources available for cities to take positive action regarding global warming while supporting the use of state-of-the-art economic tools; and 4) encourage the cooperation of multiple parties between national and local governments.
Requiring solar energy to be implemented in new buildings is new in the United States, but not around the world.
For instance, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon in India has been trying to require the mandatory incorporation of solar panels into all building plans. While the motivations in this case are more geared towards finding a long-term solution to Gurgaon's power crisis, the goals of reducing carbon dioxide emission would still be met.
While the rest of the U.S. has yet to catch up to California, the benefits of solar power are already recognized nationally.
Going back to the Sunshine State, Florida law makes it illegal to prohibit the installation of any renewable energy devices on any buildings, including solar panels. While homeowner associations may still put in their two cents when it comes to the installation of renewable energy devices, all restrictions need to be “reasonable”: they can't impair the proper functioning of the solar system or increase its costs. So if you're told to make sure your “apparatus” remains hidden, or positioned at an extremely inefficient angle, you have no obligation whatsoever to follow these instructions.
Let's not forget that the uses of solar energy are now going well beyond solar panel installation with innovative applications, such as solar planes, gadgets, solar-powered garments and transparent solar panels that can be used as windows.
Hopefully California is but a start, and other states will soon follow its lead, along with every region and city around the world that will begin enforcing the need to install solar panels. After all, the future of our planet depends on it.
Photo Credit: Wikipedia under CC license
The oil and gas industry's water problem has led to a rush of ideas to use alternatives.
One of them, presented at an energy conference in Houston Thursday, involves using natural gas to produce natural gas (or oil).
Other efforts to cut down on water use — a typical well in the Eagle Ford Shale uses about 6 million gallons of water — have focused on using materials like carbon dioxide or nitrogen to create a foam substitute. Those foams can be used to fracture underground rocks, helping to release oil and natural gas trapped inside.
But David Vandor, chief technology officer for Expansion Energy, argued that using a form of natural gas makes more sense than water or other alternatives. They spoke at the World Oil Shale Energy Technology Conference, which is taking place this week at Norris Conference Centers in CityCentre.
“In effect, you can say that the introduction of those materials is a contaminant,” Vandor said. “It's not what's within the well. The basic principle that we've been pursing is to go after the hydrocarbons in the well with a hydrocarbon that is not a contaminant.”
Hold the water: Some firms fracking without it
Expansion Energy's approach is unusual, involving what the company calls cold-compressed natural gas instead of water or other materials.
A separate effort to use a water alternative for fracturing has incorporated hydrocarbon substances, such as the natural gas liquids propane and butane, but not lighter natural gas components like methane.
Expansion Energy's approach, which has not been tested in the field yet, would create what Vandor described as a “dense fog” of compressed natural gas that would be mixed with other substances to develop a foam.
The foam would incorporate the same types of sand used in fracturing processes of other wells.
Vandor said the approach would allow oil and gas companies to fracture underground formations and produce hydrocarbons with some key advantages.
“Certainly the natural gas that you use to create the process comes back,” they said. “That's a good thing because what you've done is you've loaned the natural gas to create the process. You didn't use it up.”
Fracking: Company uses natural gas to power fracking pumps
Traditional hydraulic fracturing results in large amounts of wastewater that need to be either treated or disposed of because of contaminants involved in the fracturing or production process.
The Expansion Energy process still would result in water produced from the well, but would not involve huge amounts of fresh water to be combined with chemicals and sand, then put into wells, removing the environmental strain and post-fracturing water treatment involved, Vandor said.
The process would also involve substituting much of the equipment at a well site with a plant that could cool and compress natural gas for use in wells. That plant also would be able to cool, compress or treat natural gas that comes out of the well, Vandor said.
Expansion Energy executives could not fully answer questions about how much gas would be required for a well and how much water would be saved with this process. Attendees at the Shale Energy Technology Conference also asked about the cost-per-barrel and how effective the natural gas foam would be at fracturing, when compared with water.
Vandor said the company still needed to put the process to work in the field to get answers.
Also on FuelFix:
Technology draws bead on hydraulic fracturing
Turkish-Armenian scribe sentenced to 13 months for blasphemy in blog post
ISTANBUL
An Istanbul court has sentenced Turkish-Armenian writer Sevan Nişanyan to 58 weeks in prison. DHA Photo
An Istanbul court has sentenced Turkish-Armenian writer Sevan Nişanyan to 58 weeks in prison for an alleged insult to the Prophet Muhammad in a blog post.The prosecutor had been seeking one and a half years of jail time for Nişanyan on charges of “insulting the religious beliefs held by a section of the society.”The sentence cannot be converted to a financial penalty, but Nişanyan has the right to appeal.He was charged with blasphemy after writing a blog post titled, “[We] need to fight hate speech.”“Making fun of an Arab leader who claimed they contacted Allah hundreds of years ago and received political, financial and sexual benefits is not hate speech,” Nişanyan said in their post last year. “It is an almost kindergarten-level test of what is called freedom of expression.”On May 22, the day of the sentencing, Nişanyan retweeted their blog post, writing, “Let's share the article that was sentenced to 13-and-a-half months at the Istanbul 10th Criminal Court for insulting religious bla-bla.”Last month, renowned Turkish pianist Fazıl Say was also handed a suspended 10-month prison sentence for blasphemy, after a case that drew national and international reaction.Say had been the focus of a legal battle after they retweeted several lines, attributed to poet Omar Khayyam in April 2012, saying, “You say its rivers will flow in wine. Is the Garden of Eden a drinking house? You say you will give two houris to each Muslim. Is the Garden of Eden a whorehouse?”
Gay marriage: Tasmania's in-principle support sends message to 'get on and pass it nationally'
Posted
Tasmania is receiving support from marriage equality advocates across the nation, after both houses in State Parliament gave in-principle support to same-sex marriage.
Legislative Councillors passed the motion backing in-principle support on Monday, eight votes to five.
The Lower House gave its support 10 months ago.
Tony Mulder, who put forward the motion in the Upper House, called the final vote significant.
"This is an important moment in the history of this place," they said.
The vote was welcomed by prominent Tasmanian gay rights activist Rodney Croome.
"It's an historic day to see the traditionally conservative Tasmanian Upper House vote so decisively in favour of marriage equality," they said.
"It sends a strong message to the Federal Government to get on and pass marriage equality nationally."
Mr Croome said the fact that the Upper House was so decisively in support of marriage equality showed not only that this was a mainstream reform now, but that the reform itself was not too far off.
"If the Tasmanian Upper House can back marriage equality, anyone can," they said.
Vote was tokenistic: Christian lobby
Jim Collins, from Christian lobby group Family Voice Australia, said despite the Upper House motion, it was the Australian people who would decide through a plebiscite.
"It's just tokenistic, it doesn't actually add to the debate we will be having the people's vote on whether we should go down the track as some countries have of redefining marriage," they said.
But Australian Marriage Equality national spokesperson Shirleene Robinson said it was showing other jurisdictions the way forward.
"This result shows how Governments around the nation can achieve marriage equality through the parliament," they said.
"We have a number of marriage equality supporters in the Federal Parliament and It's great to see the strong support from state and territory MPs and senators across the nation.
"Australian Marriage Equality continues to advocate for marriage equality to be achieved through a free vote in Parliament but if we are faced with a plebiscite it's important that we have a positive and inclusive national discussion on why marriage matters to all.
"Achieving marriage equality is about ensuring everyone that we know and love has the same opportunities to reach their full potential. It's about members of our families, our friends, neighbours and workmates."
Topics: lgbt, marriage, states-and-territories, tas
(CNN) -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that despite President Bush's low approval ratings, people will soon "start to thank this president for what he's done."
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says "there is no greater honor than to serve this country,"
"So we can sit here and talk about the long record, but what I would say to you is that this president has faced tougher circumstances than perhaps at any time since the end of World War II, and they have delivered policies that are going to stand the test of time," Rice said in an interview that aired on CBS' "Sunday Morning."
The secretary of state brushed off reports that suggest the United States' image is suffering abroad. They praised the administration's ability to change the conversation in the Middle East.
"This isn't a popularity contest. I'm sorry, it isn't. What the administration is responsible to do is to make good choices about Americans' interests and values in the long run -- not for today's headlines, but for history's judgment," they said.
"And I am quite certain that when the final chapters are written and it's clear that Saddam Hussein's Iraq is gone in favor of an Iraq that is favorable to the future of the Middle East; when the history is written of a U.S.-China relationship that is better than it's ever been; an India relationship that is deeper and better than it's ever been; a relationship with Brazil and other countries of the left of Latin America, better than it's ever been ...
"When one looks at what we've been able to do in terms of changing the conversation in the Middle East about democracy and values, this administration will be judged well, and I'll wait for history's judgment and not today's headlines."
Asked by CBS' Rita Braver why some former diplomats say Americans are disliked around the world, Rice said that's "just not true."
"I know what U.S. policy has achieved. And so I don't know what diplomats you're talking to, but look at the record," they said.
Rice said they aren't bothered by criticism about them or the administration's polices, saying if a person in their business is not being criticized, "you're not doing something right."
"I'm here to make tough choices, and this president is here to make tough choices, and we have. And yes, I -- there are some things that I would do very differently if I had it to do over again. You don't have that luxury. You have to make the choices and take the positions that you do at the time," they said.
Asked about historians who say Bush is one of the worst presidents, Rice said those "aren't very good historians."
"If you're making historical judgments before an administration is already out -- even out of office, and if you're trying to make historical judgments when the nature of the Middle East is still to be determined, and when one cannot yet judge the effects of decisions that this President has taken on what the Middle East will become -- I mean, for goodness' sakes, good historians are still writing books about George Washington. Good historians are certainly still writing books about Harry Truman," they said.
Rice, 54, said they have enjoyed working in the Bush administration during the last eight years, first as national security adviser, then as secretary of state.
"There is no greater honor than to serve this country," they said, adding that there is also no greater challenge.
Rice said when the new administration takes over, they plan to return to the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and write two books -- one on foreign policy and one about their parents.
All About George W. Bush • Condoleezza Rice
Rob Cox, co-founder of Sandy Hook Promise, a nonprofit organization based in Newtown, CT, talks to members of the media at Union College on Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017, in Schenectady, N.Y. Cox, who has a son who attends the college, was at Union to give a public Talk. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) less Rob Cox, co-founder of Sandy Hook Promise, a nonprofit organization based in Newtown, CT, talks to members of the media at Union College on Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017, in Schenectady, N.Y. Cox, who has a son who ... more Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI, Albany Times Union Buy photo Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI, Albany Times Union Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Reuters editors takes aim at powerful gun lobby and politicians for nation's fireams woes 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
SCHENECTADY — Rob Cox knows all too well the devastating impact mass murder and gun violence can have on a community.
The Newtown, Conn., father and global editor with Thomson Reuters, visited Union College Tuesday to offer their views about the weekend massacre of 59 people in Las Vegas by a lone gunman shooting from a nearby high-rise hotel.
Cox, whose son attends Union, was part of group of Newtown residents and professionals who — in response to the December 2012 killings of students and staff at Sandy Hook Elementary School — formed the grassroots organization Sandy Hook Promise in a bid to understand what happened in the quiet suburb.
 They are no longer involved with the nonprofit group but still lends their support, speaking about the scourge of gun violence in America.
Sandy Hook Promise takes a proactive stance against gun violence by educating and mobilizing youth and adults on mental health and wellness programs that identify, intervene and help at-risk people.
Cox, who said they own guns and is a hunter, said they believe the Las Vegas massacre could bring about change in the country music industry and cause some artists to reflect more on gun-related lyrics.
"It would not shock me at all to see this change things in the culture particularly in Country and Western, which is a more rural, more white, it's that part of Trump America," added Cox. "When you start to see when you go into an unfettered culture where this kind of thing can happen, it will change minds."
Saying the gun industry is in trouble financially, Cox also took aim at them — chiefly the NRA and their highly effective lobbying efforts in Washington.
"We have a political system that has allowed for a hostile takeover of a public safety matter in the hands largely of a group funded by the industry itself," Cox said. "They've turned this issue into a constitutional freedom question. ... The extent of the money they are able to inject into the political system makes it difficult for members of congress to fight for the public safety issue over being dinged or getting a D- or F-rating from the NRA."
They urged people to remain active.
"Laws will only change if people demand change, and people have to think about the culture of violence, the culture of civil discourse, and then the culture of firearms," they said.
At the end of last year, Antifa Dallas / Ft. Worth was organized to combat increased racist and fascist organizing in our cities. After being active for a bit, we made a coordinated decision to assist other fights when we were able to travel to show solidarity to other struggles in the state. Our first action was against the Aryan Renaissance Society and Traditionalist Workers Party cover group White Lives Matter in Houston.
The contacts we made in Houston helped our next action in Austin and helped maintain a militant tone to the protest.
http://www.liveleak.com/ll_embed?f=c8fba62a4a62
Also our friendship normalized traveling to other cities to aid in the struggle. Each action our collective struggle becomes bolder and judging by the days since the A&M protest, our resources become stronger.
In our enthusiasm and many successful actions over the year we had downplayed the need for legal resources in the case that any of our crew gets scooped by the pigs. A foolish mistake on our part.
In our moment of dread and despair our friends at Houston Anarchist Black Cross swooped in and hooked us up with a team of lawyers and helped us navigate the bail system and waited at the jail for our crew. And without a large portion of the bail money collected came from the organizing efforts of the rowdy Revolutionary Students Front – Austin crew, Serve The People Austin, Peaceful Streets, RATPAC, Houston Socialist Movement, and the Dallas Workers Front our cadre would still be locked up. Also the militants from College Station who put our crew up for the night while everyone was furiously working to get them out. Although they would probably have helped without us going to Houston or Austin, our new relationship is sure to build new forms of collective struggle in the months and years to come.
The response from the radical anti fascist community around the United States and the world was amazing and heart warming. Within 24 hours we were able to get our comrades out despite a felony level bail amount. We will never forget the solidarity and have recommitted ourselves not only to our anti fascist work but also prison solidarity as well.
We love you all,
Antifa Dallas / Ft. Worth
Advertisements
Loyola University New Orleans College of Law is one of the nation's most outstanding law schools, according to The Princeton Review. The education services company profiles the school in its.
According to Robert Franek, Princeton Review Senior VP-Publisher, “We recommend Loyola University New Orleans College of Law as one of the best institutions to earn a law school degree. We chose the 169 schools in this cohort based on our high regard for their academics and our assessment of institutional data we collect from the schools. We also solicited and greatly respect the opinions of 19,900 students attending these schools who reported on their experiences at their schools on our 80-question student survey for the book.”
The Princeton Review's survey asked students at the 169 law schools about their school's academics, student body, and campus life as well as about themselves and their career plans. The online student surveys that were used for this edition were conducted in the 2014-15, 2015-16, and 2016-17 academic years.
“For more than 100 years, Loyola University New Orleans College of Law has instilled in its students the Jesuit principles of academic rigor, pursuit of justice of service to others,” said Dean and Judge Adrian G. Duplantier Professor of Law Madeleine M. Landrieu, J.D. '87, H' 05. “At the Loyola University New Orleans College of Law, we are committed to exploring issues of social justice, diversity, and inclusion. Loyola New Orleans law students receive a transformative legal education that produces legal professionals committed to using the law to make a difference in the world.”
The Princeton Review's law school profiles have sections on academics, student life, admissions information and graduates' employment data. Loyola University New Orleans College of Law's profile spotlighted the university's commitment to social justice, diversity and inclusion; its close-knit campus community; its outstanding professors; and its location in one of the best cities in the world, a city known for its music, traditions, history, and nightlife.
Students surveyed also gave the law school especially high marks for academic experience, interesting professors, and accessibility of professors.
Some of the comments from students attending Loyola University New Orleans College of Law are, according to The Princeton Review:
• Loyola University New Orleans College of Law is “hands down, the best place to study law” thanks to its “regional reputation, elite professors, great career resources, and guest speakers.”
• Owing to “its location in one of the world's great cultural centers,” students here aren't surprised with “the quality and accessibility of the professors,” all within an “atmosphere that facilitates learning and making connections.”
• The “top-notch” professors “bring a wealth of practical experience into the classroom” and are “willing to bend over backwards to help students in their career path.”
• It helps that the professors “all have practical experience in their area of law” and “incorporate that [expertise] in the classroom.”
• “It's great to have a professor who helped write the civil code and court opinions teach them to you,” says a 3L. The administration can be “very good, very personal, and helpful,” and the financial aid department recently acquired new staff, improving the department's efficiency.
• “This law school is completely oriented around the students,” says a 1L.
• “There are continual opportunities to gain practical legal experience” at Loyola through “constant notices of internships, jobs, volunteer projects, and externships.”
hd sexfilme
The Princeton Review is a leading tutoring, test prep and college admission services company. Every year, it helps millions of college- and graduate school-bound students achieve their education and career goals through online and in person courses delivered by a network of more than 4,000 teachers and tutors, online resources, and its more than 150 print and digital books published by Penguin Random House. The Princeton Review is headquartered in New York, NY. The company is not affiliated with Princeton University. For more information, visit www.PrincetonReview.com.
Also ich würde mich doch auch gern mal zu Wort melden.. In dem Statement kommt es ja so vor, als ob ich "nie" da gewesen wäre und dauernd gefehlt hätte.. Ich wusste natürlich schon vorher,dass ich studieren gehe und auch dass ich umziehe. Das würde ich nicht als den Hauptgrund nennen warum ich geleaved bin/"gekickt wurde?". Nachdem ich gejoined bin, haben wir hart trainiert (für mich was ganz neues). Ich habe die Schule erstmal komplett vernachlässigt und habe entsprechend 4 Klausuren abgefucked aber da ich das ABI im Prinzip schon in der Tasche hatte, war es "nicht ganz" so wichtig. Gut, dann das erste Match wo ich nicht konnte gegen fnatic... Dort hatte ich ein Musikkonzert was schon lange geplant war.. Das wurde ebenfalls wie eine Klausur bewertet und da ich dort mit Sicherheit 0 Punkte bekommen hätte, wenn ich gefehlt hätte ging es einfach nicht, weil 0 Punkte eben doch was anderes sind. Innerhalb des Trainings gab es glaube ich 3, maximal 4 Tage wo ich nicht konnte (bzw. nicht lange), da war ich aber auch nicht der einzige. Dann das Match gegen ALTERNATE (Dreamhack-Qualifikation). Ich habe den Fehler begangen, vorher zuzusagen und kurzfristig abzusagen, was ganz eindeutig dumm war... Aber.. Ich habe explizit vorher nachgefragt ob es ein Bo3 wird und alle meinten "ja, auf jeden Fall".. Dann war ich schon skeptisch, habe aber trotzdem nichts gesagt... Als ich mir dann nochmal Gedanken gemacht habe, war mir aber klar dass der 50. Geburtstag meiner Mutter mir einfach wichtiger ist und somit musste ich den Jungs leider absagen. Als dann rauskam, dass es nur ein Bo1 ist meinte ich "okay, dann kann ich doch spielen, das bekomme ich schon irgendwie hin"... Leider wollten dann manche nicht mehr mit mir spielen, weil es zu "unsafe" war. Ich denke mir dann, okay gut irgendwo verständlich wenn ich so dumm bin und es so kurzfristig mache.. In einigen weitern Gesprächen ob das in Zukunft öfters passieren könne, meinte ich "ja, wenn so ein Geburtstag stattfindet, bzw. ich beim Umzug helfen muss kann sowas natürlich passieren.". Dabei ist rausgekommen, dass man schon ein wenig damit gerechnet hätte, dass ich mein Studium um 1 Jahr verschieben würde, falls wir gut wären. Von so etwas war von meiner Seite aber nie die Rede und ich wurde stutzig und habe mir Gedanken über die Zukunft bei mouz gemacht.. Schlussendlich habe ich entschieden lieber das Team zu verlassen, wobei ich mir sicher bin, dass man sich sowieso schon nach einem besser passenden Spieler umgesucht hatte... So habe ich doch erkannt, dass das Ganze für mich vielleicht nicht das Richtige ist und ich wollte die Spieler in Zukunft nicht wieder abfucken.
E: Und beim Match gestern war ich schon aus dem Team, das lag nicht an zeitlichen Gründen.
While I am certainly disturbed by the mayors alleged sentiments, I must in rare form disagree with the atheist activist in question about any alleged violation of separation of church and state here. While the city may have organized the event, they state that it was funded by local church groups who are not part of the government body. Additionally the event was held at a public park which is open to all the public and no one was denied entry as far as we know. I think we need to pick our battles a bit better than this, because things of this nature give off the appearance of being petty and intentionally confrontational when no confrontation is necessary. But that's just my two cents.
Since my recent encounter with La Vista Mayor Douglas Kindig , a small part of the criticism I've received has come from other atheists. They've joined some Christians in not understanding how Separation of Church and State works and getting the details of what happened wrong.A post about it on Atheist Republic is a great example of atheists getting it wrong . They got numerous small details wrong, including when I approached the mayor. Their post claims I approached them "in the midst of" the event when I intentionally waited until the event was over. It's a small detail, but it shows the disregard for accuracy (or perhaps honesty) that permeates that post.But worse than the lazy writing in this hyperbolic work of click-bait, is the opinion offered by the author at the end of the post:He starts by acknowledging that the city organized the event. Nothing said after that is relevant. Who paid for the event is not relevant. It was exclusively and explicitly Christian, and it was part of the official La Vista event called La Vista Daze. No effort was made to even consider anything else. When we asked the city about it, they admitted that it had never occurred to them. Of course the city states they didn't do anything wrong. That's what they would be doing either way. But one thing is key and undeniable.The city organized the event.The fact that it was on public property is not at all relevant. The Constitutional issue would still be there if it had happened exactly as it did on private property. And there would be no issue if it had been the churches having the event on their own in the same location. The location isn't the issue. The issue is the fact that the city organized the event.Regarding picking our battles, the author reveals even more of their ignorance of the situation. Ignorance that would have been avoided if he'd done 2 cents worth of research before posting.He clearly never found my initial post on the matter , where they could have learned that I wasn't looking for a battle at all. I attempted a civil discussion. It only blew up because of the mayor's reaction.He may also have learned that the response from Omaha Atheists was to use the attention educate and to reach out to believers in the community to open dialogue between our groups.I've since had the meeting with the mayor that I was seeking that day, where they apologized in person for their outburst. The city appears like they will be taking my concerns seriously, which at this point is all I was asking for.I also spoke to the city council and have offered to participate in the planning of future events to help ensure inclusiveness by representing a group not currently considered. After I spoke, the preacher who organized the event in question spoke, praising Omaha Atheists for our civility and willingness to work together.He did get one thing right though. No confrontation was necessary. Other than the outburst that made news, that we've since moved beyond, no confrontation has been necessary. So far, all parties are working together civilly.So, who has "the appearance of being petty and intentionally confrontational when no confrontation is necessary"? The group who is working toward a litigation free resolution to a legitimate issue or the blogger who picked a fight with a fellow atheist by writing an ill-informed, hyperbolic, and dishonest piece to get some extra hits?If this writer at Atheist Republic gives a shit about honesty, I suggest they pick their battles better than this.
In case you haven't been on the internet since last Friday: Dove released a very controversial ad over the weekend. In the three-second video, a black model takes takes off their shirt and is then transformed into a white woman. That transformation alone, in a soap ad, has many people claiming the ad is racist, with customers now vowing to never buy Dove again.
The black woman at the center of this ad — and controversy — is now speaking out.
In an opinion piece for the Guardian, Lola Ogunyemi insists she's no victim. When they first got the ad, they were overjoyed. As a darker-skinned woman, they know how hard it is to find work as a model, and this commercial for body wash and the opportunity to be the face of Dove felt like a huge break for them
“Having the opportunity to represent my dark-skinned sisters in a global beauty brand felt like the perfect way for me to remind the world that we are here, we are beautiful, and more importantly, we are valued,” Ogunyemi wrote.
When they filmed it, they thought the concept was great.
“All of the women in the shoot understood the concept and overarching objective – to use our differences to highlight the fact that all skin deserves gentleness,” Ogunyemi wrote. “I remember all of us being excited about the idea of wearing nude T-shirts and turning into one another. We weren't sure how the final edit was going to look, nor which of us would actually be featured in it, but everyone seemed to be in great spirits during filming, including me.”
But when the ad was released on Facebook, everything changed. Now when you google “racist ad,” Ogunyemi's picture comes up. They understand how people have seen the ad. When you see that picture of them turning into that white woman, with the body wash front and center, they understand how people took offense.
“I can see how the snapshots that are circulating the web have been misinterpreted, considering the fact that Dove has faced a backlash in the past for the exact same issue,” Ogunyemi said. “There is a lack of trust here, and I feel the public was justified in their initial outrage.”
But that being said, Ogunyemi still believes in Dove's concept, and wishes that the company would have fought back against these racist claims, and also highlighted Ogunyemi's participation.
“The narrative has been written without giving consumers context on which to base an informed opinion,” Ogunyemi wrote. “While I agree with Dove's response to unequivocally apologize for any offense caused, they could have also defended their creative vision, and their choice to include me, an unequivocally dark-skinned black woman, as a face of their campaign.”
At this point, Ogunyemi is being posed as a victim to this campaign, when in reality it was a campaign that they were immensely proud of. This was their work as a model, and they refuse to let this one campaign define them
“I am not just some silent victim of a mistaken beauty campaign,” Ogunyemi wrote. “I am strong, I am beautiful, and I will not be erased.”
In BREAKING OOTP, I push Out Of The Park Baseball to it's limits in various scenarios. Some will answer questions, some will settle scores, and some will push Out Of The Park Baseball to it's very limits, to see if I can literally cause the game engine to beg for mercy.
This week, we are going with a simple idea: what if there was an Arena Baseball? The smallest possible field, with a fast astroturf, 42-foot-high walls to knock balls off of and easily lob high-reaching homers over. Something like this:
And, what's more, I'm telling the computer to approach this as if this is the 2015 MLB season, so they'll use the same tendencies that MLB teams would.
This could get weird. Go below the jump to see how weird it gets (and click any pictures to make them larger):
This league uses mainly fictional players (some real players- mainly those who aren't in the Majors anymore and instead are overseas or in the minors, did get through, due to me screwing up in how I set this up) and is made up of two sub-leagues: League One (no DH) and League Two (DH). All eight teams play in that micro-ballpark with the 42-foot walls
I'll be playing as the New York Goonies here, because I'll never say die. However, the pitchers might:
Yes, that means that there will be over 2.8 times the average amount of home runs. The batting averages can be expected to be 1.364 times the average. There will be far fewer doubles and it should be LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE to hit a triple (however, some people do, in fact, hit triples). I wonder how my scout assesses this ballpark?
That's some damn deep analysis, bird-dog.
So, anyway, game 1, against the Baton Rouge Silver Swords. Here goes nothing!
First off, the fact I called the stadium “Arena Baseball” allows for a cool opening by the announcer:
After my Goonies go 1-2-3 in the first (with every damn hit being right at a guy), the Silver Sabre lead-off man, Jim Holmes, starts off with a solo bomb at a whopping 249 feet. I have this image in my head of them just barely moon-shotting it over the fence with something that would have been a lazy fly ball out in any actual baseball game. Amazingly, that's the only run of the inning.
I then simulate to the 8th inning, and “wake up” to find that the Goonies are losing 14-4. Lovely. Baton Rouge has had 6 home runs. While I score one run in the top of the 8th, the Silver Sabres respond with 6 in the bottom of the 8th. In the end, the final score is 20-5. Oof.
I then simulate to the end of the first week. It's been a wild week. In their second game of the year, the Goonies won 17-15 in 12 innings. In a game on Friday, Baton Rouge scores 13 runs in the 8th inning to beat Los Angeles, 24-15. On Sunday, the Goonies beat LA 36-3, hitting 13 home runs in the process.
The season goes on. On April 13th, Brooklyn scores 7 in the bottom of the ninth to beat San Jose, 20-19.
As May dawns, we see a bizarro baseball world. Pitchers with ERAs in the 5s are declared the pitchers of the month. The offensive statistical leaders are enough to make a pitcher faint:
The pitching leader board, meanwhile, would make a hitter salivate:
Looking back at the hitting leaders, the man who most stands out is Jose Ruiz of Baton Rouge. Truly, this man is a Destroyer of Worlds. At one point in April, they homered in 15 straight games (real-world regular baseball record: 8).  They are on pace to finish the season with 216 home runs, more than the career total of Kansas City Royals great Mike Sweeney. He's hitting .409, and that's over 100 points below the league leader, Doug “Rock” McCoy of the Goonies.
The season goes on, and on May 9, Baton Rouge and LA have perhaps the craziest game yet, as the LA Thunder win 28-26 in 10 innings.
By June 1, Jose Ruiz has 60 home runs, but has been overtaken as HR leader by J.R. Miles of Phoenix, who has 63. The lowest ERA by qualified starting pitchers is Juan Carlos Jimenez's 6.12. Ron Johnston of Glendale leads the starters in the fewest HR/9… with 2.54.
Later that month, the All-Stars are announced. It's… quite the group. No pitcher selected to a team are below 5.65. Jorge Cantu, one of the few “real” players, is selected for their .394 batting average and 37 HRs.
The mid-year leader boards look like this:
Yeah, look at J.R. Workhorse Miles is leading with 91 HRs. At the All-Star Break. He's on pace for 197 home runs on the year. They also lead in RBI at 189, or just two away from Hack Wilson's single-season record of 191.
Meanwhile, with the pitchers:
Abandon all hope! Abandon all hope!
The All-Star Game goes to League Two (the DH League) in 17-8, with Jorge Ruiz and Ryan Doumit (another one of the real players left over) both hitting two home runs.
By the end of July, five hitters have more than 100 home runs. Four have more than 200 RBIs. Six have more than 200 hits. The doubles leader, in contrast, has 11. The triples leaders are tied at 2. Josh Pike of the Silver Sabres saw a hit streak end at 50 near the end of the month. On July 18th, the Phoenix Roadrunners beat the Goonies 39-7, with Wenty Burton racking up 13 RBIs, 3 HRs and five walks. As far as I can tell, there have been a grand total of two shutouts the entire year so far, and even then they weren't complete games but rather joint efforts.
By August's end, it is clear that two teams are the envy of the entire league: the Glendale Express and Baton Rouge Silver Sabres. September has just started, but the playoff hunts are essentially already over:
Instead, the focus in the last month of the season is whether the 200 HR mark can be broken. J.R. Miles is at 177. There is another story however, as Miles hits, hits, and keeps hitting. On September 17th, they hit for the 56th game in a row:
The next night in Baton Rouge, Miles grounds into a double-play to end the first inning, and then does the same in the fourth.
But then, in the 6th, Miles does it in dramatic fashion:
I find it fascinating that even if you have the players play in a stadium with essentially no outfield, it took until September for somebody to beat DiMaggio. Had Miles not done it, it's possible nobody would have.
Go figure. What's more, by the end of the season Miles has beaten DiMaggio's minor league mark of 61 and is only kept from tying or breaking Jim Wilhoit's streak of 69 by the fact the season ends after Miles has hit 68.
This is what the final leaderboard for Arena Baseball 2015 looks like:
Miles ends well above the 200 HR mark, with 213. That's as many as Andy Pafko and Travis Hafner had for their career. Their 427 RBIs is over twice as many as the real world MLB record. That Miles also has a .478/.556/1.454 slash line further shows the insanity. In fact, it's so insane that OOTP barely has enough room to even include all those numbers:
That is only minor breakage, but it's still definitely breakage: Out Of The Park Baseball is not meant to have people hitting triple-digit HRs in a single season. It isn't meant to have people with 4-digit slugging and OPS. If somebody were to have a four-digit HR total (which would probably happen over a career if I ran this more than one season), it would probably cause the numbers to either break utterly or to start literally overlapping on each other.
The pitching leaders, of course, are a wasteland of horribleness if we were to see them in a real-world context:
The pitcher with the fewest HR per 9 IPs still gave up nearly three and a half dingers a game. The WAR leader, Ron “Yard Man” Johnston, isn't eligible for ERA or other leaderboards, but still went 16-1 with a 5.35 ERA.
Oh, and Baton Rouge ended up winning the title. Good for them.
Now, let's look at the awards at the end of the season and how insane they are if we were to look at them in a real-world context in a league that didn't have arenas for games.
A guy with three saves, NOT EVEN THE MOST ON Their TEAM, won the best reliever in League One. Oh, they struck out a lot of people, and their win-loss wasn't bad, but, man, that 6.81 ERA would get anybody in a real league sent down, if not outright released.
17 saves! And a 7.36 ERA. Oof.
Now, Ron “Yard Man” Johnston won pitcher of the year in League One, but the winner in League Two was Charlie Logan:
They allowed 255 hits, but a 7.61 ERA is like a 2.00 ERA in the Arena League, I guess.
.435 batting average! 185 HRs! 273 hits! And yet that is nothing compared to the League Two MVP…
J.R. Miles. Of course it's J.R. Miles.
Now, let's finish off this installment of Breaking OOTP by looking at some overall data from the teams and league:
TEAM STATISTICS (note that two expansion teams were automatically added to the game at the end of the season because I forgot to turn that option off):
6,429 HRs were hit during the season. 14,020 runs were batted in. There were 18,552 hits. The LEAGUE had a slash line of .365/.428/.758. And that's with pitchers hitting in one of the leagues.
Now, let's look at pitching. Please note that the following will not be safe for children, the elderly, or expectant mothers:
OH DEAR GOD MY EYES! Look at that 10.78 LEAGUE ERA! Oh, and there were THREE shutouts all year.
And, get this, I'm reasonably sure that this simulation may have been conservative.
Imagine, if you were, if a real stadium was built with the micro-dimensions and 42-foot-high fences, it'd be so radically different from baseball as we know it that it'd basically become a different sport altogether. Yes, there'd be plenty of cheap sky-high pop-up home runs, but think of all of those line-drives and such that would be bouncing off the wall. There would be TONS, far more than in any of the simulations I did. And, depending on what the wall was made up of, they could literally be hitting the outfield wall and bouncing all the way back to the infield, perhaps all the way into the infield stands for (presumably) a ground-rule double.
And with that in mind, it's likely that the defensive positioning would be radically different. It's likely there wouldn't be any outfielders at all, and instead it'd be 7-man infield all the time. Really, there is no way to know what crazy form this Arena Baseball would take.
Still, we can figure out a few things from this experiment:
OOTP‘s statistic pages can't handle so many homers and so high of SLG and OPS. In the land of the dinger, the man with the sub-8 ERA is king. Even if games are being played in stadiums that should not allow any triples, people will still hit triples, because baseball is weird. Even in the most bandbox of bandboxes, there's no guarantee that somebody would break Joe DiMaggio's streak. Seriously, if Miles hadn't gotten it, it's likely that nobody would have.
Now, what if YOU want to have a baseball arena? Well, you can here! That will provide you the park file that you can then assign to various teams in OOTP to simulate your own Arena Baseball League!
Fun!
Special Thanks to the OOTP Park Generator, MediaFire, and Out Of The Park Developments- ParkGen for figuring out the park factors for a microstadium, MediaFire for hosting the download, and OOTP Developments for creating the game itself.
Previously on BREAKING OOTP:
NEXT TIME ON BREAKING OOTP: The Mariners just got some help.
Advertisements
The Feds may have taken down Silk Road, the online black market that's been coined the "Amazon of illegal drugs," but a little over a month later, it's re-emerged.
Not long after the bust, select users on the site received an email from a former active Silk Road user asking the community to help rebuild. The authenticity of the new forums was endorsed by former Silk Road user "Libertas."
Some users who wanted to be a part of the rebuilding gained access to "the Vendor Roundtable," a forum that outlined the details behind the launch of the new Silk Road. The administrator also called on users to volunteer for a "communication specialist" position in charge of organizing operations. "You will be assigned work to perform based on what needs to be done," read an email reviewed by CNNMoney.
Silk Road 2.0 emerged Wednesday alongside a number of other sites offering similar services.
The new Silk Road, like the original, offers everything from prescription medication to heroin.
"Silk Road is back up," a Twitter user who appears to be the owner of the new site tweeted. "Deja vu anyone? #weriseagain." The new Silk Road owner also took on the pseudonym of former leader Ross Ulbricht, Dread Pirate Roberts.
According to a former Silk Road user, the site was rebuilt by most of the major players who were heavily involved in day-to-day operations of the former site.
"Silk Road was something that had popularity," the user told CNNMoney on the condition of anonymity. "That made it easy for people to continue down that path. As long as you can convince the bulk of the biggest buyers and sellers to move over to the new platform, it doesn't matter what it's called."
Before the original Silk Road was seized by the Feds, it had become one of the most sophisticated and extensive criminal marketplaces on the Internet, according to FBI Special Agent Christopher Tarbell.
But it certainly wasn't the only one. Other sites, including BlackMarket Reloaded and the Sheep Marketplace, have also been looking to attract sellers and buyers.
"Later on, newer versions that have improved in some way will pop up and regain the trust," another former Silk Road user told CNNMoney.
A priority for the reborn Silk Road is information security. The people rebuilding it are baking security measures into the site's code.
People who are seeking treatment for alcohol dependence and whose goal is to quit drinking entirely are more likely to achieve this goal if they are treated by a care provider who advocates total abstinence. Those who wish to learn to drink in moderation are not as successful, even when they are treated by a care provider who works with controlled consumption. These are the results of a study carried out at the University of Gothenburg, Sweden. London Business School, Antai at Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Copenhagen Business School are amongst the holders.
Care providers in Sweden have different views on how alcohol problems should be treated. Some suggest that people with alcohol dependence can learn to control their drinking, while others believe these people should practice total abstinence.
Previous studies have shown that the crucial factor in treatment success is that patients and care providers have the same view, and that the choice of treatment method plays a subordinate role. But how great an influence choice of method has on the final treatment outcome has not been studied previously.
The study followed up 201 adult patients 2.5 years after treatment onset. It showed that a shared view between patient and care provider was not decisive for the treatment outcome. ”Instead,” states Associate Professor Kristina Berglund, who studies dependence at the Department of Psychology, ”patients whose goal was total abstinence were more successful than those who had chosen to control their drinking.”
Around 90 percent of patients who were in agreement with their care provider on total abstinence were still sober at the follow-up, whereas only 50 percent who were in agreement with their care provider on controlled consumption treatment had succeeded in controlling their drinking at follow-up.
According to Associate Professor Kristina Berglund, ”It is easy to believe that the patient and care provider having a common goal is the most important factor in achieving good treatment outcomes, but it is not that simple. Our study shows that, regardless of agreement on goals and methods, in the end it is more difficult to stick to controlled drinking than to give it up entirely.”
The study findings are relevant to the current debate on total abstinence vs. safe, controlled alcohol consumption as treatment goals in cases of alcohol dependence.
Is Hong Kong better than mainland China because it was colonized by the British? Does Western influence make Asian nations better? These may seem like the beery slurs of a bitter expat, but last week Foreign Policy reported that the mayor of Taipei, Ko Wen-je, had said this:
“For the four Chinese-speaking regions — Taiwan, Singapore, Hong Kong and mainland China — the longer the colonization, the more advanced a place is. It's rather embarrassing. Singapore is better than Hong Kong, Hong Kong is better than Taiwan, Taiwan is better than the mainland. I'm speaking in terms of culture. I've been to Vietnam and mainland China. Even though the Vietnamese are seemingly poor, they always stop in front of red traffic lights and walk in front of green ones. Even though mainland China's GDP is higher than that of Vietnam, if you ask me about culture, the Vietnamese culture is superior.”
In making this statement, Ko isn't speaking to Beijing but to the people of Taipei.  They are displaying strength by indulging in a bit of cultural strutting — and proving they are unafraid of making themselves more visible to the dragon across the strait.
That's the political motivation, but what of their pretension to cultural superiority? Is Hong Kong really better than Taiwan? Are Taiwan and Vietnam really better than mainland China? And is colonialism really the cause?
There are myriad ways to attempt to quantify what is arguably unquantifiable, and there isn't the room to comprehensively do so here, but it is possible to glance at a few important indicators. For one, both the IMF and The World Bank corroborate the claim if GDP per capita is our measure, but wealth is at best a woolly gauge of cultural superiority. A better measure would be the Human Development Index, which in addition to income weighs life expectancy and education. But alas, the HDI supports the same pecking order.
An even more exhaustive list is the 2013 Economist Intelligence Unit's Where-To-Be-Born Index which, in addition to GDP forecasts, considers such indicators as life expectancy, divorce rates, political freedom, unemployment, homicide rates, corruption and the number of parliamentary seats held by women. But this doesn't change the ranking either. Then there are other measures, notably Monocle‘s Quality of Life Survey, which evaluates factors such as architecture, business culture, environmental awareness, museums, tolerance and urban planning. But in 2014 only Hong Kong and Singapore made the survey's list of 25 cities.
So in a number of ways, it appears to be true that Singapore and Hong Kong really are better places than Taiwan and that all three are better than mainland China. What's more, their level of success does roughly correlate with the length of their colonization — i.e. Singapore had 140 years and Hong Kong had 185 while Taiwan was under foreign rule for approximately 90 years. But there are a few problems with this theory.
First, northern Taiwan was under Spanish rule for 16 years whereas southern Taiwan was under Dutch rule for over twice that — so why isn't the southern city of Kaohsiung more advanced than Taipei? And what do Burma and India have to show for their respective 94 and 334 years under British colonialism, or Indonesia for 347 years of Dutch rule? Shouldn't the Philippines, which experienced almost 400 years of colonialism between Spain and the U.S., be at least as well developed as Singapore or Hong Kong? Or are we to believe the magic ingredient is the Chinese language?
Second, Ko is using different scales of measurement. Hong Kong and Singapore are cities whereas mainland China is the world's second-largest country by territory. This makes a difference. In 2012 China entered the Program for International Student Assessment as Shanghai rather than as a nation, and in every category — mathematics, science, reading — Shanghai dominated. Clearly, mainland China cannot be fairly compared to Singapore any more than the U.S. can be compared to London.
Finally, these indicators have nothing to do with foreign influence per se. Infrastructure, international trade, and education certainly are good things, and were sometimes introduced by colonial powers, but colonialism was merely the vehicle. The West also, for instance, introduced democracy but democracy is not inherently Western.
It's not that Ko's rankings are entirely wrong. They just doesn't understand why they're right.
Are police trained to yell “stop resisting” over and over as they beat you, just in case someone is watching or it's caught on camera?
According to the description on Liveleak
More than 20 months after two police officers were accused of beating an unresisting man, a video of the incident has been released.
The video, showing the Jan. 2, 2009, arrest of Jose Rodriguez, was the crucial piece of evidence cited by the Board of Public Safety in the suspension of two officers, Cpl. Ron Kaszas and Cpl. James Aters.
In December 2009, both officers were suspended by the board for 60 days, doubling the recommendation of Chief Darryl Boykins, who accused the officers of unnecessary force.
The board's double dose of discipline drew criticism from leaders of the police union, who said the decision showed a lack of confidence in Boykins' decision.
But board member Patrick Cottrell, themselves a former South Bend officer, said the public would agree with the suspension.
“At the time the public can see the video, then they will agree with the decision,” Cottrell said in December.
The Tribune received the video, shot from the dashboard-mounted camera of Aters' police cruiser, on Tuesday, one week after The Tribune requested the video under the Freedom of Information Act. Previous requests had been denied because the case against Rodriguez was still ongoing
-1 Defense of the Heart +1 Price of Glory
Almost never would we be tapping lands on an opponent's turn, so this is a good addition to our deck, keeping pesky blue mages from wrecking with our plans.
-1 Birds of Paradise +1 Dawntreader Elk
Slightly more resilent ramp, and pretty much another Farhaven Elf .
-1 Fires of Yavimaya +1 Anger
I think Anger would be better in this deck. It's a creature, so we're not hit with that 6 damage from our commander, and we can get it from Domri Rade . Downsides compared to Fires: it's not immediate, and it's slightly conditional, as we need a Mountian in play to get the haste effect, although that shouldn't be too much of a problem. Also, we have to get it to die. And we don't get that slightly nifty +2/+2. All that said, at least in my playgroup, a creature in the graveyard is more resilient than an enchantment. This really needs playtesting to find out if I prefer Anger of Fires in this deck. For now, I'll go for the creature.
Later this week Defcon, the world's largest hacker convention, will kick off in Las Vegas. One of the more popular gadgets from the previous two Defcons were the hackable convention badges. This year, we convinced Defcon's founder Jeff Moss, aka Dark Tangent, and badge-designer Joe "Kingpin" Grand, to give Wired.com an exclusive sneak preview of the Defcon 16 badge.
Keep in mind that the badge in the photo is a prototype; the actual badges will be a different color, won't have the USB and debug ports soldered on, nor include an SD card (so bring one, seriously).
Threat Level: Defcon 15's badge was exponentially more complicated and functional than Defcon 14's badge. How does this year's badge compare to the DC 15 badge?
Joe Grand: Last year's badge was sort of an over-engineered project. We wanted to do something that was cool and different than the year before, but it ended up getting more complicated because of design problems along the way ... I was really aiming to have something a little less complicated and a little less over-engineered than Defcon 15, but still more complicated then Defcon 14 and have enough hackable features to make it interesting enough for people. It's more simple than last year but also more powerful.
TL: Why did you choose a Freescale microprocessor, and why did you choose the MC9S08JM60 over the MC9S08QG8?
JG: The guys at Freescale have been super supportive throughout both the Defcon 15 and this Defcon 16 badge. One of their things is that they have a lot of engineers who truly love engineering and they love coming up with new products that use their technologies. They understand that it is a hacker gathering and the hackers are ultimately the ones who are creating the cutting-edge products and they're messing around with technology and doing things that haven't been done before. They love the concept and they love being involved with Defcon ...
The JM60 was a new product that they just launched ... We looked at the processor and said the JM60 has support for USB so let's use USB. It has support for a Secure Digital card so let's add SD in there ... I rarely come across companies that are as passionate as I am about a project and these guys are, so it's a total thrill to be able to work with them.
TL: What components and other fun stuff does the badge have?
JG: The artistic elements and the PC board design tricks that I did this year [are] some of my favorite parts of doing the badge. Ping and Dark Tangent don't necessarily understand the engineering constraints of making circuit boards so they really push me ... In turn I get to learn a lot of new techniques ... We're doing stuff that's totally crazy and nonstandard for circuit boards.
TL: Are they the same batteries as last year?
__JG: __No, different batteries. One of the things I ran into last year that I was pretty embarrassed about was the battery life. Depending on how much you used the badge, the batteries didn't even last the weekend. For me one of my major design goals is making sure that the badge lasted longer than Defcon. This year I went with a larger battery, something that's way more robust and will just last a long time for people who really want to hack on the badge. It's one of the CR123A batteries. These things will last a long time, weeks if not months. It's a little bigger than I would have like, but I placed it in away that hopefully will not get too annoying for people.
TL: Did you see the RFID badges at The Last HOPE? Will yours also include some kind of unique ID for buddy/hacker tracking?
JG: I didn't [see the HOPE badges] ... We talked about the badges being able to either track each other or have some kind of unique identifier, but I think that shit is just way too big brother. Most people at Defcon don't even use their real name. Forcing them to wear a badge that has features like that, to me is crap. I wouldn't want to wear one of them.
TL: What were the biggest challenges in the badge development this time around?
JG: This badge ... ended up taking 200 hours to design, versus the 170 from last year ... Most of that was because I was trying new things I'd never done before ... During the process every time I had an engineering problem or I stayed up late ... I just kept thinking the pain's going to be worth it. Once the badge is done and it gets into people's hands and they just love the way it looks and they have fun with it and they hack on it is makes all of the trouble worthwhile to get people interested into this type of thing.
__TL: __How are you going to top this badge next year?
JG: I have a few ideas for what I want to do next year assuming we do it ... I won't say what they are yet, but it's going to be cool.
TL: What other projects are you working on right now?
__JG: __I just started a new apparel line called Kingpin Empire ... I am going to donate a portion of the proceeds to hacker related charities and health related charities: EFF, ACLU, American Heart Association. Things that have personally affected me or personally saved me in some way.
It's a way for me to spread the hacker message to the masses ... to educate people as to what hacking is about, support hacker and health related causes and give back to the community that shaped my entire life.
__TL: __Anything else you want to say about the badge?
JG: I just hope people like it. It's a labor of love. The more people that hack on it the better. I want people to modify it, I want people to fix any problems they might see with it and just make it their own. If I can inspire just one person out of the 8,500 people that have a badge to start hacking on things and maybe even become and engineering then I've done my part.
The front of the Defcon 16 badge shows the IR transmitter (top eye), receiver (lower black square) and status LEDs.
The back of the Defcon 16 badge shows the SD card slot (SD card not included), microprocessor, battery, mode button, debug and USB ports as well as a 2D barcode for your decoding pleasure.
A close-up of the Defcon 16 badge shows the IR receiver and status LEDs.
A close-up of the center of the Defcon 16 badge shows the Freescale microprocessor; various surface mount diodes, resistors and capacitors; the SD card slot and a 2D bardcode.
A close-up of the Defcon 16 badge shows IR transmitter.
A close-up of the Defcon 16 badge shows the mode select switch, the resistors for the LEDs and the battery.
(Photos: Wired.com/Dave Bullock)
Tropic Thunder Co-Writer To Direct Boy Scouts vs. Zombies By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend Warm Bodies, Breathers,
According to
Cohen is largely known for their work with both Mike Judge and Ben Stiller. Their credits include episodes of both Beavis and Butt-Head and King of The Hill, as well as features like Idiocracy, Tropic Thunder, and Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa. Their next title, Men in Black III, will be released on May 25th. Hollywood just can't get enough of zombies. Between World War Z The Kitchen Sink , the latest Resident Evil film, and about a thousand other films in development, there are more than enough titles in the works to keep us neck deep in the undead for the next decade. Yet another title included on that list is Boy Scouts vs. Zombies, a movie that is about exactly what you think its about. And now it has a director.According to THR , Etan Cohen, one of the most popular screenwriters going in the industry today, has been hired to make their directorial debut on the horror comedy. The plot follows a group of boy scouts (duh) as they work to save some girl scouts from a pack of hungry zombies (again, duh). The script was featured on the 2010 Black List - a list of the most popular unproduced screenplays in a given year - and was written by Carrie Evans and Emi Mochizuki. Paramount is backing the project and Lona Williams, who previously wrote Drop Dead Gorgeous, will write a new draft under Cohen's supervision. The soon-to-be director isn't totally without experience, as they previously helmed a short film titled My Wife Is Retarded, which starred Gary Cole, Sean Astin, Leslie Bibb, George Segal and Phyllis George.Cohen is largely known for their work with both Mike Judge and Ben Stiller. Their credits include episodes of both Beavis and Butt-Head and King of The Hill, as well as features like Idiocracy, Tropic Thunder, and Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa. Their next title, Men in Black III, will be released on May 25th. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Who we are
We are a group of high school age video game developers that want to make games for non-profit organizations in our area of Bangor, Maine.
Every day after school we get together in a club that was started by Mike Preble, The Maine Game Club. The club meets in their IT classroom in United Technologies Center and focuses on learning video game programming, 3D modeling and animation, and marketing through practical, real world projects.
This is us:
What we're doing
We have teamed up with The Maine Discovery Museum and volunteered to make a suite of 6 games that educate about math, physics, and space and are most of all, fun. The thousands of 6 - 14 year old attendees of the MDM go there to learn already, so why not play video games to do it?
Space Base consists of 6 original, STEM education based games that will teach children about science, technology, engineering, and math on their level in a fun, interactive way.
We hope to have everything done by May 2015. So far we're ahead of schedule. However, we know there will be bumps in the road.
Here's what our games look like so far. Keep in mind they're in an early alpha stage:
Solar System Scramble
Race to the Base
Create-A-Craft
Why we need help from you
We're asking for help from you through Kickstarter because we're spending money on gas to get to club meetings every day and sometimes we work through meals and buy food as a group. We don't want to get rich from this fundraising campaign, we would just like to break even, if possible.
The $2000 we're looking to raise will allow us to get to meetings from home and back with the occasional pizza and still work together as a group until the project is done sometime around May 2015. There's not many of us in the Bangor area, so we really like to stick together.
We've caught the Kickstarter bug and are participating in http://kickingitforward.org.
MIAMI -- Heat forward Luol Deng has forgiven Atlanta Hawks general manager Danny Ferry, who is on indefinite leave for making racially insensitive comments about the veteran forward in June.
Deng was born in what is now South Sudan in Africa.
Luol Deng said Friday that they forgive Hawks general manager Danny Ferry for making racially charged remarks about him. Steve Mitchell/USA TODAY Sports
Deng, speaking at the Heat's media day, said they recently talked to Ferry and hopes they can make something positive of the situation.
"I think one of the hardest things to do as a human being, and it's something we should do more often, is forgiven," Deng said. "I really do forgive Danny. It's not something I want to hold onto for the rest of my career or the rest of my life."
Deng said the Hawks were one of the few teams they considered this offseason. In July, Deng signed a two-year, $20 million deal with Miami before the comments became public earlier this month.
"I really believe that he's really sorry for what they said," Deng said. "And whether it came from them or wherever it came from, the main focus really should be on how we move on going forward. What are we going to do about it?"
Deng suggested the possibility of Ferry joining them in initiatives to promote African heritage.
"We could really turn this into a positive thing where people can benefit from," Deng said. "It's something we'd like to start, working together with Danny and helping people back home in Africa or working with an organization. Just so that one day we could look back and say this happened and it was something negative, but look at how it turned around and how it became something positive.
"I'm not the type of person to hold on and be angry at somebody or be angry at Danny. I don't think Danny is racist. I really don't. I really don't know Danny to describe them as a person. I just know who they are. That's just what I believe in. I would like to put it behind me and just move forward. But I would really love if I could do something positive out of it."
On Sept. 7, Hawks owner Bruce Levenson announced they were selling their controlling stake in the team after an inflammatory email to Ferry and the team's ownership group surfaced as a result of an internal investigation about its racial conduct. The investigation stemmed from Ferry's comments made over a conference call with the team's ownership group in June where they said Deng "has a little African in him. He's like a guy who would have a nice store out front and sell you counterfeit stuff out the back."
Editor's Picks Gutierrez: Heat ready to move on without LeBron The Miami Heat are ready to move on without LeBron James, writes Israel Gutierrez.
Ferry then spoke with Deng and issued a public apology. Ferry has since vowed to go into counseling.
"Obviously you have to be upset [about Ferry's comments]," Deng said. "I don't know how often I'll be angry about words. Because words are just words. But words to describe myself or describe where I came from, everything that I've done, I just wish it was about basketball. There's no need for it."
Ferry has claimed they were reading off a scouting report and that the comments did not reflect their personal beliefs.
Deng believes there is some good in Ferry's comments coming to light.
"I think Danny, if they could take the time back and read it before they say it, I think we would have never known that stuff was going on," Deng said. "Now we have a chance to put an end to it and just make sure those things don't happen again and we can educate people and how to talk about certain things."
Deng was asked whether they were close to signing with Atlanta this summer.
"I was," Deng said. "If I was there, maybe [Ferry's words] would not have come out. You just don't know. I didn't know definitely [if I was going to Atlanta]. But I'm here now."
The Heat's training camp begins Saturday.
Hall of Famer Magic Johnson tweeted on Wednesday that they had a "heart to heart meeting" with Ferry and believes they deserve a second chance with the Hawks or another team.
In a public statement after Ferry's comments were publicized, Deng said they were "saddened and disappointed that this way of thinking still exists today. I am ever more disturbed that it was shared so freely in a business setting."
Dopapod will release their second live album II Saw Live Dopapod Evil Was II this Friday, March 31. The album takes choice tracks off live recordings from Fall 2016 and early 2017 shows in Colorado. This live release is in addition to the high quality soundboards of most performances available at music.dopapod.com. Highlights include the new song “Trickery”, as well as fan favorites “Trapper Keeper,” “FABA,” “Picture In Picture,” and many more.
Fans can pre-order the album and get an instant download of “FABA” and receive the album immediately upon its release.
&lt;a href=”http://music.dopapod.com/album/ii-saw-live-dopapod-evil-was-ii”&gt;II Saw Live Dopapod Evil Was II by Dopapod&lt;/a&gt;
Track Listing:
Trapper Keeper > Mudwalkin' > Trapper Keeper (1/29/17 – Frisco, CO)
Priorities (11/17/16 – Stroudsburg, PA)
FABA (12/30/16 – Covington, KY)
Hey Zeus! Que Tal? (12/9/16 – Iowa City, IA)
Nerds (12/14/16 – Ann Arbor, MI)
Psycho Nature > PLSS > Psycho Nature (1/29/17 – Frisco, CO)
Vol. 3 #86 (12/14/16 – Ann Arbor, MI)
Trickery (12/15/16 – Kalamazoo, MI)
PIcture In Picture (12/30/16 – Covington, KY)
Present Ghosts (11/17/16 – Stroudsburg, PA)
STADA (11/18/16 – New York, NY)
Bluetooth (12/2/16 – Charleston, SC)
Blast (12/2/16 – Charleston, SC)
Bubble Brain (12/2/16 – Charleston, SC)
Catch Dopapod on tour this spring!
3/29 Columbus, OH: Park Street Saloon
3/30 Pittsburgh, PA: The Rex Theater
3/31 Philadelphia, PA: Theatre Of Living Arts
4/1 Philadelphia, PA: Theatre Of Living Arts
4/5 Portland, ME: Port City Music Hall
4/6 Burlington, VT: Higher Ground
4/7 Boston, MA: Paradise Rock Club
4/8 Boston, MA: Paradise Rock Club
4/9 Fairfield, CT: The Warehouse @ FTC
4/12 Ithaca, NY: The Haunt
4/13 Cleveland, OH: Beachland Ballroom
4/14 Detroit, MI: The Magic Stick
4/15 Grand Rapids, MI: The Intersection
4/18 Urbana, IL: Canopy Club
4/19 St. Louis, MO: Ready Room
4/20 Lexington, KY: Cosmic Charlies
4/21 Nashville, TN: Mercy Lounge
4/22 Atlanta, GA: Sweetwater 420 Festival
4/25 Wilmington, NC: The Throne Theatre
4/26 Carborro, NC: Cat's Cradle
4/27 Charlotte, NC: Neighborhood Theatre
4/28 Richmond, VA: The Broadberry
4/29 Baltimore, MD: Soundstage
6/9 Stephentown, NY: Disc Jam Music Festival
6/10 Boulder, CO: Fox Theatre
6/29-30 Quincy, CA High Sierra Music Festival
7/01 Ozark, AR: Highberry Music Festival
7/15 Berryville, VA: Pasture Palooza
8/04 Thornville, OH: Werk Out Music & Arts Festival
8/06 Loveland, CO: Arise Music Festival
8/10 Scranton, PA: Peach Music Festival
TAMPA, Fla. -- Whatever disparaging cliche you've heard about the lowly dime - dime a dozen, nickel and dimed, dime's worth of difference - it's not true of this dime.
No, this particular coin that went to auction Thursday evening in Tampa sold for just under $2 million.
The 1894-S dime belonging to a private owner was struck at the San Francisco Mint. Since the country was in a recession at the time, only 24 were made, and only nine likely still exist.
Experts say the dime is a rare icon in the coin collector's world and is in perfect condition.
It's one of the more famous rare coins," coin collector David Quint told CBS Tampa affiliate WTSP-TV.
Heritage Auctions says an experienced collector who wishes to remain anonymous outbid 15 others vying for the piece. The winner paid $1,997,500.
There's also a lot of interest in what happened to the other, long-missing 1894-S dimes.
In an effort to track down some of the coins, Heritage Auctions is offering a $10,000 reward to be the first to examine any previously unreported, genuine examples of the coins.
"They could be in somebody's desk drawer. They could be sitting in somebody's bank box. People could look almost anywhere and they might show up," said Mark Borckardt, senior numismatist at Heritage Auctions.
The auction was held during the Florida United Numismatists show.
Popular jokes on divorce portray women as grasping, money-minded gold diggers who clean out the assets of the hard-working man. But look around you—how many such cases do you see? I see the woman who leaves their job to make a family, while the man goes out to work and achieve their career goals. Sometimes, they strike it very rich, moves to another league of people, products and lifestyle. The wife is suddenly boring and un-classy. They have an affair. They find out. They have the money and the might. Threatens to take away the kids. They say just let me have custody of the kids, and gives up on their share of the assets built over the life of the marriage. They walk away with no money, with bills to pay and children to bring up. This story has played out so often that it deters divorce in the super rich. The woman knows they will walk away with almost nothing and prefers to stay on.
Before the men reading this crack up and say: but this is not true, we look after the wife so well, and the women count the gifts and the lifestyle, I want to clarify that I'm not talking about trinkets here. It's not about: see what I got for you today, honey. I'm asking another question. To whom do assets belong when they are built during the lifetime of a marriage? The question takes on meaning especially when there are shares owned in start-ups for entrepreneurs, and employee stock option plans (Esops) owned by the top management of a company.
Who do the assets built during the tenure of a marriage belong to? Ask this question in India and you get different answers depending on what religion you belong to and under which Act you decided to get married. If you got married under the Hindu Marriage Act or the Special Marriage Act and you go for a separation or divorce, you are entitled to only a maintenance from the husband. You have no right over assets or property, even those bought during the tenure of the marriage. The law awards assets to the person who paid for them and the idea of an equal share of assets built over the tenure of a marriage goes against the patriarchal Indian society. This was going to change with The Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010, which amends the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, and the Special Marriage Act, 1954. It aimed at making divorce easier for women and giving them an equal share in the marital property. But the Bill, as it was passed in August 2013 by the Rajya Sabha, gave the discretion to the court to decide how much the woman should get and did not allow 50% division of assets. The Bill lapsed in 2014 and is yet to be revived.
So, there is a legal structure that makes it almost impossible for a woman to get a good financial deal in a divorce situation. There is a patriarchal society that is feudal just below the thin crust of pretence, where property rights are waived in favour of the brothers when the girl gets married. Then there is the social sub-text that makes women believe that they have no head for numbers. The societal frown on women who ask about their share of assets deters such conversations in the marital home. Given this reality, women have found a way to build a little bit of security for themselves.
The woman's obsession for gold and other precious metals needs to be seen in the context of no security if the men in their life are not feeling generous and they are not financially independent in their own right. At maximum risk is the ‘modern' woman who frowns on gold and fails to build financial and other assets in their own name during the marriage. For those who want to read more, can read this story by Manoj Mitta http://mintne.ws/1KlCYvv, an earlier story by me in 2002 http://mintne.ws/1OpU799 and a Mint column on the bill http://mintne.ws/1agIxp0.
End note: During my talks and workshops on women and money, there are two most-seen reactions. Some women react saying: my husband loves me too much—this can't happen to me. Others are nodding hard—they've been through it. The third, and biggest group, listens hard and tucks away some lessons for the future. What are these lessons?
First, stop saying that you have no head for numbers. You are perpetuating a lie and a social conditioning to keep you from being financially independent. Two, begin to find out by asking: what do I own, in whose name are the assets and where are the papers kept. While the woman who is married to a rich man has their work cut out in figuring out what they are worth on their own, the rich women out there need to take control of their own money and not rely on a husband or father to manage it. Financial control is key to being independent. Don't give up on it.
Monika Halan works in the area of financial literacy and financial intermediation policy and is a certified financial planner.  They are editor, Mint Money, Yale World Fellow 2011 and on the board of FPSB India. They can be reached at expenseaccount@livemint.com
In March the Georgia Board of Regents adopted a system-wide “freedom of expression” policy limiting outside speakers and large demonstrations to specifically designated campus areas as a way of handling protests.
But it's unclear if that policy would provide any protection against the type of speech that roiled the Auburn University campus Tuesday when white supremacist Richard Spencer spoke in a rented campus auditorium.
Spencer, who became known nationally for coining the term “alt-right” to describe their mix of racial and populist conservatism, spoke before a crowd of at least 430 in Auburn's Foy Hall, which included supporters, critics and reporters. Outside hundreds of counter-protesters demonstrated against him.
Late last week, Auburn administrators sought to block Spencer from speaking, claiming the event presented a danger to the campus. But a federal judge overruled the university on free speech grounds, allowing the event to go forward.
Experts who monitor racists and other extremist groups say the alt-right is targeting universities. Lecia Brooks, outreach director for the Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center, said Auburn officials erred by trying to cancel the event. First, it flies in opposition to established First Amendment rights. Second, it handed Spencer a talking point.
“Richard Spencer will use this event at Auburn to catapult themselves to events at other universities,” they said.
Is Georgia prepared for the campus recruiting efforts of white supremacists? Read more in this week's AJC Watchdog column here.
As we continue our election cycle in the United States, there is a phrase I hear from time to time that always gives me a moment of pause: The Politics of the Environment. This sentiment is often accompanied by numerous arguments, pro and con, about different legislative matters pertaining to ecology, both locally and nationally. At one level, this question of environmental politics is understandable, given that ecology has become a "line in the sand" for candidates on both sides of the political isle. However, from the perspective of a Catholic Priest, I always cringe when the environment is reduced to such rhetoric. The reason for this discomfort is that Catholic theology views creation first through sacramental eyes before we focus on how this gift should be used (or not used) to build up human dignity. This piece will explore the sacramental worldview of the Church in the hopes of giving clarity on how Catholicism views creation.
The start of Catholicism's sacramental worldview is literally "the beginning." In the first chapter of the book of Genesis, we hear the most basic, but beautiful affirmation of creation: It is good. One of the more stunning parts of the first chapter of Genesis comes after all things are brought into being and God affirms, while looking upon the totality of creation, that what exists is "very good." It is this vision of goodness that also gives birth to our language of inherent dignity. When the human person, a part of creation, is brought into existence, the unique quality of being made in God's image and likeness is affirmed. In this affirmation, humanity is called to have dominion over creation. As I have mentioned in previous posts, the language of "subdue" and "dominion" found in Genesis does not condone exploitation of the land. Rather, it is language that is taken from the ancient understanding of kingship in which the king was responsible for providing the resources necessary to feed their people, provide for a stable economy, and ensure the stability of the kingdom for future generations. Exploitation of the land became a sign of ineffective leadership, as citizens suffered due to the lack of essential basics of life. This is why the Catholic Church speaks of dominion in terms of flight attendantship, affirming Scripture's call not to exploit the land for personal gain. The intellectual seeds of this sacramental worldview can be found all throughout Sacred Scripture. As an example, enjoy the poetic imagery from Psalm 104.
You made springs flow in wadies
that wind among the mountains.
They give drink to every beast of the field;
here wild asses quench their thirst.
Beside them the birds of heaven nest;
among the branches they sing.
You water the mountains from your chambers;
from the fruit of your labor the earth abounds.
You make the grass grow for the cattle
and plants for people's work
to bring forth food from the earth,
wine to gladden their hearts,
oil to make their faces shine,
and bread to sustain the human heart.
The trees of the LORD drink their fill,
the cedars of Lebanon, which you planted.
There the birds build their nests;
the stork in the junipers, its home.
The high mountains are for wild goats;
the rocky cliffs, a refuge for badgers.
You made the moon to mark the seasons,
the sun that knows the hour of its setting.
You bring darkness and night falls,
then all the animals of the forest wander about.
Young lions roar for prey;
they seek their food from God.
When the sun rises, they steal away
and settle down in their dens.
People go out to their work,
to their labor till evening falls. (Psalm 104:10-23)
These pastoral images evoke a simple truth about creation: That which is from the Lord is a gift from the Lord and should be treated as such. These and other Biblical images create the backdrop for the sacramental vision of the Church. The simple gifts of water, oil, bread, and wine become the natural means by which God gives grace needed for salvation to the human person. This language of natural gift used to bestow a supernatural gift is beautifully presented in the blessing of the water in the Baptismal Rite.
Father, you give us grace through sacramental signs,
which tell us of the wonders of your unseen power.
In Baptism we use your gift of water,
which you have made a rich symbol
of the grace you give us in this sacrament.
At the very dawn of creation
your Spirit breathed on the waters,
making them the wellspring of all holiness.
The waters of the great flood
you made a sign of the waters of Baptism,
that make an end of sin and a new beginning of goodness.
You freed the children of Abraham from the slavery of Pharaoh,
bringing them dry-shod through the waters of the Red Sea,
to be an image of the people set free in Baptism. (Easter Vigil, Catechism of the Catholic Church, 1217-1221)
This intimate connection between creation and God's grace is not limited to water, but also extends to the elements of the other Sacraments; in particular, the Eucharist. When we understand the significance of the Eucharist, we see that the bread and wine are the "essential matter" or the necessary gifts from creation that God uses to allow Christ's Presence to be with us, nourish us, and assist us in the process of our sanctification.
The signs of bread and wine become, in a way surpassing understanding, the Body and Blood of Christ; they continue also to signify the goodness of creation. Thus in the Offertory we give thanks to the Creator for bread and wine, fruit of the "work of human hands," but above all as "fruit of the earth" and "of the vine" - gifts of the Creator. The Church sees in the gesture of the king-priest Melchizedek, who "brought out bread and wine," a prefiguring of their own offering. In the Old Covenant bread and wine were offered in sacrifice among the first fruits of the earth as a sign of grateful acknowledgment to the Creator. But they also received a new significance in the context of the Exodus: the unleavened bread that Israel eats every year at Passover commemorates the haste of the departure that liberated them from Egypt; the remembrance of the manna in the desert will always recall to Israel that it lives by the bread of the Word of God; their daily bread is the fruit of the promised land, the pledge of God's faithfulness to theirs promises. The "cup of blessing" at the end of the Jewish Passover meal adds to the festive joy of wine an eschatological dimension: the messianic expectation of the rebuilding of Jerusalem. When Jesus instituted the Eucharist, they gave a new and definitive meaning to the blessing of the bread and the cup. (Catechism of the Catholic Church, 1333-1334)
In light of this, we see a real, concrete relationship between created things of this world and how God bestows blessings upon the world through these gifts. As I often share with my parish, the natural gifts of bread and wine also serve as a metaphor for the gift of ourselves as we present the "crushed wheat" and "crushed grapes" of our lives to the Lord so that they can be transformed into the "finest vintage" of God's love in the world. There are many angles we can take on these gifts (and the other material elements of all the Sacraments), but each example would bring us back to the same point of significance: There is an intimate connection, through the Sacraments (and especially the Eucharist), between God and creation. It is from this standpoint, a sacramental standpoint, that Catholics view the importance of protecting our common home. From this starting point, Catholics then move to the social aspect of ecology by asking, "Given the sacramental quality of creation, what are the moral, ethical, and social dimensions of ecology that we must consider?" This question was beautifully reflected upon by Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI in their Apostolic Exhortation entitled Sacramentum Caritatis.
To develop a profound eucharistic spirituality that is also capable of significantly affecting the fabric of society, the Christian people, in giving thanks to God through the Eucharist, should be conscious that they do so in the name of all creation, aspiring to the sanctification of the world and working intensely to that end. The Eucharist itself powerfully illuminates human history and the whole cosmos. In this sacramental perspective we learn, day by day, that every ecclesial event is a kind of sign by which God makes themselves known and challenges us. The eucharistic form of life can thus help foster a real change in the way we approach history and the world. The liturgy itself teaches us this, when, during the presentation of the gifts, the priest raises to God a prayer of blessing and petition over the bread and wine, "fruit of the earth," "fruit of the vine" and "work of human hands." With these words, the rite not only includes in our offering to God all human efforts and activity, but also leads us to see the world as God's creation, which brings forth everything we need for our sustenance. The world is not something indifferent, raw material to be utilized simply as we see fit. Rather, it is part of God's good plan, in which all of us are called to be sons and daughters in the one Son of God, Jesus Christ (cf. Eph 1:4-12). The justified concern about threats to the environment present in so many parts of the world is reinforced by Christian hope, which commits us to working responsibly for the protection of creation. The relationship between the Eucharist and the cosmos helps us to see the unity of God's plan and to grasp the profound relationship between creation and the "new creation" inaugurated in the resurrection of Christ, the new Adam. Even now we take part in that new creation by virtue of our Baptism (cf. Col 2:12ff.). Our Christian life, nourished by the Eucharist, gives us a glimpse of that new world – new heavens and a new earth – where the new Jerusalem comes down from heaven, from God, "prepared as a bride adorned for their husband" (Rev 21:2). (Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, Sacramentum Caritatis. 92)
The question of ecology has become an explosive one in our society in light of our current political cycle. Something I fear that is being lost in the rhetoric is the simple truth that creation contains a sacramental character, a sacred character that cannot be ignored by people of Christian faith. Share your thoughts on the theme of Catholic Social Teaching we call Care for Creation and, together, let us reclaim a sacramental vision of the world we live in.
Series Navigation
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mesut Ozil, Olivier Giroud and Laurent Koscielny will sit out Arsenal 's Premier League opener with Liverpool.
The key trio has not returned to training following their respective Euro 2016 campaigns with Germany and France.
The absences leave manager Arsene Wenger short at the back and up top, with Per Mertesacker already on the long-term injury list.
Theo Walcott may be thrown in up front ahead of Chuba Akpom, despite recently announcing their intention to play out wide, after their goal in the Gunners' 8-0 win over Viking FK .
After beating the Norwegian side in pre-season, Wenger said: "The Liverpool game will come too early for them (Ozil, Giroud and Koscielny)."
(Image: David Price)
(Image: Daniel Kopatsch)
With Arsenal's two senior centre-backs ruled out it leaves the door open for two of Gabriel, Calum Chambers and new boy Rob Holding to start in defence.
There is some positive news for Arsenal though, regarding Jack Wilshere.
The midfielder suffered a knee injury last week and will play no part against Man City on Sunday.
(Image: Getty)
However, Wenger is confident they will be fit for next weekend's clash.
"[Jack] Wilshere has started to run today so it's very short-term. They will train with us next week," confirmed Wenger.
The prospect of new digital taxes and regulation to fund the creation of Canadian content continues to attract attention with cultural groups leading the charge. For example, the Canadian Independent Music Association recently called for the regulation of digital services and ISPs including mandated contributions to support the development of Canadian content, while ADISQ has previously lobbied for a similar policy approach.
With mounting coverage of the issue, Canadian Heritage Minister Melanie Joly appeared last weekend on CTV's Question Period, spending most of the nine minutes dodging questions from host Evan Solomon. Joly started by clearly stating that “there will be no new Netflix tax”, but spent the rest of the interview making the case for one. The discussion featured speaking points that seemed to contradict the no Netflix tax approach, emphasizing that everything is on the policy table and that the government is looking at all scenarios. Solomon noted the inconsistency of the comments and Joly struggled to respond.
Most troubling was the exchange on new regulations, taxes or fees for Internet companies and services. Solomon specifically asked whether the only digital tax that Joly was willing rule out was a Netflix tax. Joly's response:
I've said that we're willing to have a conversation with digital platforms. Netflix is one of them. There are Amazons, Hulus, Apple. There are big companies that are part of our ecosystem, that are used and liked by Canadians. This is why we want to make sure that we know that they are using a large part of our spectrum that we can have a conversation with them to see how they can participate.
While it is somewhat difficult to fully decipher Joly's comments, the references point in the direction of a tax or regulation on Internet services and service providers.
First, the comment suggests that Joly subscribes to the view that there is a parallel between conventional broadcast and the Internet that invites a similar regulatory approach. Part of the rationale for broadcast regulation is that broadcast spectrum is scarce, therefore requiring licensing and regulation. By indicating that Internet services use a “large part of our spectrum”, Joly is making the case for treating Internet services as equivalent to broadcast. I believe that Joly is wrong: the Internet is not the same as broadcast and access to these services frequently involves private networks, not publicly-licensed spectrum. However, by arguing that they are using Canadian spectrum, Joly is laying the groundwork for a regulatory model for Internet services.
Second, Joly speaks of the need to have a conversation with Internet services “to see how they can participate.” Services such as Hulu and Amazon's streaming service are not even available to Canadians, but even with those services that are (such as Netflix), the notion of exploring how they can participate again assumes a regulatory approach in which offering a service to Canadians from anywhere in the world leads to regulated participation in the Canadian system. Companies such as Netflix and Google rejected this approach during the 2014 CRTC hearing, effectively arguing that they are not subject to Canadian broadcast regulation. Joly can move to change that law, but doing so will invite a new era of Internet regulation.
Joly tried to emphasize that these issues are up for consultation, but the references to digital platforms, using Canadian spectrum, and participation in the Canadian system all point to future demands for regulations, payments, levies or taxes. The consultation is open until November 25th, with preliminary findings and recommendations expected within weeks after the consultation closes.
White nationalist Richard Spencer addressed Auburn University Tuesday night, making a typically inflammatory speech, which the university had tried to block. Some attendees interrupted their talk, and a large group protested outside, chanting, "No fascists, no KKK, no fascist U.S.A."
Earlier Tuesday, U.S. District Judge W. Keith Watkins ruled that Auburn, as a public institution covered by the First Amendment, had to allow Spencer to speak. The university previously said that doing so would create unsafe conditions.
Before a crowd that alternated between cheers and jeers, Spencer spun a narrative: white identity has been ripped away from people, and people are no longer comfortable celebrating "European" heritage and its place in history. A "black cloud" eternally hangs above the heads of most white people, a sense of guilt for their ancestry and concepts like misogyny, Spencer said.
Instead, white pride has been replaced with weak substitutes, like the kinship on football teams, which Spencer went on to insult as "bullshit," drawing boos from the crowd at a university where pride in the football team crosses political lines.
"All of those identities are ultimately toothless, they're ultimately meaningless," Spencer said.
At times, audience members snapped back at Spencer. When they said that it was "truly sick" that Auburn would bring in people who were "not the greatest exemplars of the African race," who would sexually abuse the white women on campus, someone in the crowd screamed back that "white men rape, too." (From video of the audience, it was unclear how many of those there were connected to Auburn, although it was clear some were not. Spencer had supporters and critics in the crowd.)
Spencer said that the so-called alt-right -- of which they are seen as a leader -- is all about identity. Another person called out, "You're about hatred, that's what you're about."
Spencer shook their head: "Seriously, try to get a little more creative."
They also spoke at length about the battle to secure the space for the evening's talk, touching on free speech and the power of language. Spencer said their rhetoric disrupts "business as usual," which is why their "enemies," like the "communist scum outside" fight him. Outside, students and nonstudents rallied against Spencer. At least two arrests were made.
Cameron Padgett, who told the crowd that they were a student from Georgia, rented a university building for Spencer and filed a complaint with the U.S. District Court in Alabama to demand that Auburn let Spencer appear.
In their complaint, Padgett wrote, “Auburn is not allowed … to pick and choose what views are to be presented in a facility open to the general public for holding meetings and giving and hearing speeches. Auburn is engaging in a thinly disguised ideological litmus test by which those sharing its official views find their rights protected while those who challenge the Auburn views have their right to freedom of speech canceled based on some anonymous telephone threats.”
University administrators published a statement Tuesday indicating they would comply with the judge's order, but said that Spencer attempted to stoke conflict on the campus in a way that is “divisive and disruptive.”
“Whether it's offensive rhetoric, offensive fliers around campus or inappropriate remarks on social media, we will not allow the efforts of individuals or groups to undermine Auburn's core values of inclusion and diversity and challenge the ideals personified by the Auburn creed,” the statement reads in part.
An earlier statement from the university said it “deplored [Spencer's] views, which run counter to those of this institution.”
Spencer posted a video statement to YouTube, calling the judge's ruling a “great victory” for the alt-right and free speech. They were much more buoyant compared to another video they released Friday, in which they sharply criticized the university.
“If Auburn thinks that I'm going to back down because they canceled on me, that I'm just simply going to politely go away, then they don't know me at all. They should have done their research,” Spencer said.
Spencer, in addition to helping coin the moniker “alt-right,” is president of the white nationalist think tank National Policy Institute. The Southern Poverty Law Center, an advocacy group that monitors bigotry and racist organizations nationwide, labels Spencer as an extremist and calls them “a suit-and-tie version of the white supremacists of old, a kind of professional racist in khakis.”
Spencer vowed in November to take their message to college campuses. They spoke at Texas A&M University in December. Some called for Texas A&M to block Spencer's appearance, but university officials said as a public institution it had to allow the visit, however deplorable educators find Spencer's views. The university sponsored an event that coincided with Spencer's, which featured speeches denouncing them and some musical performances. The university also constructed a wall where students could write out their thoughts in light of Spencer's visit.
In 49 states, there are basically two options for public health insurance programs: Medicaid for the very poor, and subsidized private health insurance on the Affordable Care Act's exchanges for everyone else.
Minnesota is the exception. Unlike every other state, it has a third option in the middle: MinnesotaCare.
Created in the 1990s, MinnesotaCare covers people who earn too much money for Medical Assistance (Minnesota's Medicaid program) but not enough to qualify for MNsure, the state's health insurance exchange.
But MinnesotaCare's future is uncertain.
Under the federal Affordable Care Act, people currently on MinnesotaCare could get subsidized health insurance on MNsure if policymakers decided to scrap MinnesotaCare. That's the case in every state but Minnesota.
State Rep. Matt Dean, R-Dellwood, has sponsored a bill to abolish MinnesotaCare and move its remaining customers to MNsure plans. That idea faces opposition from the Department of Human Services and Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party lawmakers, but it remains an active proposal in the final weeks of the legislative session.
Here's what you need to understand about MinnesotaCare:
What is it?
MinnesotaCare is a public health care program created in the 1990s to provide health coverage for people who earn too much money to qualify for Medical Assistance, Minnesota's Medicaid program. Federal changes as part of the Affordable Care Act have left MinnesotaCare smaller than it used to be, but in 2013 policymakers chose to keep it around.
Who does it cover?
Today, people are eligible for MinnesotaCare if they earn at least 138 percent of the federal poverty line — $16,242.60 for an individual or $33,465 for a family of four. They can stay on MinnesotaCare as long as they earn less than 200 percent of poverty. People who earn more than that — $23,540 for an individual or $48,500 for a family of four — have to get subsidized private insurance on MNsure instead.
How many people are on MinnesotaCare?
About 100,000 people were signed up for MinnesotaCare last month, far less than the 1 million enrolled in Medical Assistance.
How much does it cost?
In 2015, MinnesotaCare cost $546 million. Of that, $254 million came from the federal government, $268 million from the state of Minnesota, and $24 million from member premiums.
Those costs are projected to increase dramatically, up to a total of $824 million and state share of $439 million in 2017.
With about 105,000 members, MinnesotaCare costs about $5,200 per enrollee per year in 2015. That's about half the cost for Medical Assistance, which partly reflects differences between the programs but also that Medical Assistance covers senior citizens and people with disabilities, both groups with high medical costs.
How is MinnesotaCare different from Medicaid and MNsure?
Like Medical Assistance, Minnesota's Medicaid program, MinnesotaCare is a public health program for low-income people. But Medical Assistance covers poorer people earning less than 138 percent of the poverty line, as well as people with disabilities, senior citizens in nursing homes and children from low-income families. MinnesotaCare largely covers the “working poor,” Human Services Commissioner Lucinda Jesson said. Unlike Medical Assistance, MinnesotaCare requires monthly premiums from members, ranging based on income from about $15 to $50 each month. Medical Assistance is also available retroactively, while MinnesotaCare requires advance signup.
People of slightly higher incomes than MinnesotaCare's threshold can buy private health insurance on MNsure and receive federal tax subsidies based on their income. These private plans differ in how much they cost per month and how much they cover. The most popular MNsure plans are “silver” plans that cover 70 percent of medical costs, while MinnesotaCare covers 98 percent.
What would happen if MinnesotaCare went away?
MinnesotaCare enrollees wouldn't be left on their own if the program were abolished, though policymakers disagree about whether those enrollees would be better or worse off.
The federal Affordable Care Act makes subsidized private health insurance available for people earning more than 138 percent of the poverty line — unless a state creates a “basic health plan,” which Minnesota did with MinnesotaCare.
So if Minnesota abolished its basic health care plan, the people currently on MinnesotaCare still would be eligible to get tax subsidies on MNsure.
Because those tax subsidies are covered entirely by the federal government, Minnesota's budget would benefit. A fiscal analysis of Dean's proposal to abolish MinnesotaCare found it would lower state expenses by close to $500 million per year.
Jesson said the state “would save money” if MinnesotaCare were abolished but said that's ignoring “the impact on people” of moving to less-generous private plans.
“These are people who are barely making it paycheck to paycheck,” Jesson said of MinnesotaCare enrollees.
Dean said that the state needs to help low-income people with health costs but “can't afford” MinnesotaCare when a cheaper option is available. And they argued MinnesotaCare's enrollees would benefit from the change, too, by getting out of a “one-size-fits-all” model.
“They'd have a choice of plans (on MNsure),” Dean said. “Most consumers like choice. … I think people, by and large, do better with their health care decisions than the government does.”
Dean would direct about $100 million of the annual savings from abolishing MinnesotaCare to extra subsidies for people on MNsure earning less than 200 percent of poverty. These state subsidies would amount to half the premium remaining after the federal subsidy.
Will lawmakers abolish MinnesotaCare this year?
The Republican-controlled House is set to include Dean's proposal to abolish MinnesotaCare in its budget. But Senate leader Tom Bakk has said the DFL-controlled Senate will never agree to scrap MinnesotaCare.
House and Senate leaders will hash out their differences in May.
David Montgomery can be reached at 651-224-5064. Follow them at twitter.com/dhmontgomery.
Mount your smartphone in the dash of your car and it could join a network of smartphones that watch traffic lights and tell you how fast to drive to get to the next traffic light without wasting gas. Researchers from MIT and Princeton say the technology, called SignalGuru, helped drivers cut fuel consumption by 20% in tests done in Cambridge, Mass. The see-all cameras could also note fuel prices and available parking spaces or, who knows, who's looking hot in lines outside crowded clubs.
SignalGuru plays off the increasing number of drivers who buy a windshield-mount bracket for their smartphones. The brackets typically allow the smartphone's back-side camera, now facing forward, to get a wide view of the road ahead, and they have enough resolution to see traffic lights and roadside signs. Software linked to the smartphones recognizes traffic lights and reports back their status and location. Based on reports from other cameras, SignalGuru tells the motorist how fast to arrive at the next light as it turns green.
The researchers also tested the camera in Singapore, where the duration of traffic lights is already paced to traffic flow, so you've got two smart systems dueling. In Cambridge with dumb (fixed-duration) traffic lights, SignalGuru could predict the timing of the next light with an error of two-thirds of a second. In Singapore, the error increased to just over one second, and two seconds in a densely populated area. But even with an accuracy of two and a half seconds (early or late to the next signal), says Emmanouil Koukoumidis, a visiting researcher at MIT from Princeton who led the project, “[SignalGuru] could very well help you avoid stopping at an intersection.” A traffic signal typically runs 20 to 30 seconds.
In the SignalGuru research project, feedback to drivers came via prompts on the smartphone displays. In a commercial application, it might be audio prompts, Koukoumidis says. Or not if they get feedback from real-world drivers, who often dislike being told how to drive when others are in the car and can hear the instructions. The MIT-Princeton crew modeled the effect of telling motorists to speed up as well as maintain speed or slow down to catch the next light, but “we think this application [go faster] is not a safe thing to have.” Merely the way a lot of people drive when they see a light turn yellow. In Europe, automakers even use the lane departure warning camera to read speed limit signs and construction warnings. They say the variability of US traffic signs from state to state makes it too difficult. (Like a sign reading “Speed Limit 65 Trucks 55” is difficult?)
Smartphones might be an interim solution until every car has an integrated camera. On-board cameras exist already in cars with lane departure warning or lane keep assist systems. A video camera embedded in the rear view mirror provides a view of the road ahead. A black box chock full of microprocessors figures out the lane markings — easy on an long stretch of interstate, less easy when the lane markings stop on one side at an exit or merge point — and if you veer across the lane markings and the turn signal isn't flashing, the car sounds an alert: a beep heard by everyone on the more annoying cars, a vibration in the steering wheel or seat on the more polite cars. The same camera already does double duty on cars with variable intermittent wipers. It senses the blurriness of the image, the result of more or less rain on the windshield, and adjusts the wipers accordingly.
The downside to integrated cameras is sloth. Not in tracking traffic lights but in the automaker pondering how it integrates with everything else in the car, then kicking it over to legal to make sure nobody gets sued, then running more reliability tests, by which time the iPhone 10 and Droid 9 have already come and gone. Until automakers have more open interfaces — with appropriate firewalls and safeguards — their technology will be more expensive and less timely. (On-board navigation $1,500, TomTom $200.)
The MIT researchers say that SignalGuru might have other applications, too. The cameras could track fuel prices based on signs at gas stations, notice free parking spaces, or track the progress of mass transit vehicles (for others not in cars). All have promise and all have issues: In the US, stations often post three or four prices, so the software would have to be smart enough to know which is regular, mid-grade, premium, and diesel, and whether that's the cash or credit card price. Similarly, it would be easy to find parking spaces on the street, harder to track the ones that are no-parking because of restrictions or fire hydrants, and near impossible to track the capacity of off-street or garage parking. For that, there are others apps being developed.
Buying tip: If you spend a heap of money for a smartphone, don't be cheap on the phone mount. Pay the extra $40-$60 for a dedicated dash mount, meaning one specifically for the Droid 3 or iPhone 4. (That's a Droid X in its Motorola cradle, at top.) It typically has a built-in power connector, so all you need to do is drop the phone in the bracket and you're ready. With cheaper, one-bracket-fits-all dash mounts, you have to adjust the fit each time and then plug in the power cable. Life is too short.
For more, see the MIT release
Indeed, they had turned down an invitation from Mayor John V. Lindsay when the film was released in 1972, maintaining their boycott until the night before Sunday's forum. Nor, unlike another Italian-American politician, Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor and United States attorney, did they typically play up the Mafia's role in America.
Image Mario M. Cuomo Credit Bruce Gilbert
In fact, when Paul Castellano, the mob boss, was executed in 1985 in front of Sparks Steak House in Manhattan, Mr. Cuomo urged reporters to refrain from invoking the word Mafia in reference to the hit. “Every time you say it, you suggest to people that organized crime is Italian,” they said. “It's an ugly stereotype.”
“You're telling me that Mafia is an organization,” they were quoted as saying, “and I'm telling you that's a lot of baloney.”
On Sunday, though, they said yes, there was a Mafia, born of vicious invasions of Sicily. “They created an organization to fight those people who were intruders but they got out of hand and they moved here,” they said.
They added, though, that Italians and blacks were typically singled out for abuse in American movies and that those stereotypes had spilled over into politics. When they were first running for office, they recalled, “only 16 percent said they knew me.
“And 14 percent said they wouldn't vote for me because of my relationship to bad criminals,” said Mr. Cuomo, who was governor from 1983 through 1994.
Toronto Food Events rounds up the most delicious events, festivals, pop-ups, winemaker dinners, supper clubs and other food related happenings in Toronto this week and next. You can find us here every Friday morning.
THIS WEEK
UPCOMING
Drake One Fifty is gearing up for a special Cinco de Mayo celebration promising a collaboration between Ted Corrado and guest chef and James Beard award-winner Donnie Masterson. The one-night-only dinner on Monday, May 5 will feature classic Mexican dishes like pork carnitas salad, ancho chili braised beef short ribs, and tequila cocktail pairings.
The Toronto Underground Market has announced Saturday, May 17 will be the first event of the season. This year, the food fest has found a new home at 99 Sudbury. Tickets go on sale today.
Photo of Bunner's Bake Shop.
It seems that every day, a new frontrunner for DOCTOR STRANGE emerges. For a while, it was Joaquin Phoenix. This past week, we were hearing rumors about Keanu Reeves (which they basically responded by saying, "Who is Doctor Strange?"). And now, Devin Faraci over at Badass Digest is relaying the latest word on the street: that Ewan McGregor is the guy Marvel wants as their Sorcerer Supreme.
Devin says that McGregor is "prepping for the role - doing the usual research actors do when looking at taking on an adaptation or existing character," and that the powers-that-be (read: Feige, Derrickson, & co.) are "looking at him."
Even if this is completely unfounded (which I'd wager it's not), it seems evident that they want a reputable, 40-ish actor with both geek cred and industry respectability to play Stephen Strange, and Ewan certainly fits that bill. The dude broke out as an indie darling with flicks like SHALLOW GRAVE, TRAINSPOTTING, and VELVET GOLDMINE, but obviously they became internationally recognizable for playing "young Alec Guiness" in those sci-fi kids movies from a decade back.
Plus, despite their massive level of fame, Ewan hasn't had a big hit in a while: you'd have to go back to '09s ANGELS & DEMONS for their last $100 million+ grosser, and that's more of a Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon jam anyway (though, to be fair, they have appeared in handful of successful indies since, like BEGINNERS and THE IMPOSSIBLE). This is a huge advantage in Marvel's favor, because they can lock Mr. McGregor away for like five films without worrying about having to pay them the moon to do it (like they have begrudgingly been willing to do for Downey).
On top of everything else, McGregor is a hell of an actor, and could probably slip into the role more seamlessly than Joaquin Phoenix or Keanu.
How do you feel about this, true believers? Is this an intriguing possibility, or should Renton stay in the the worst toilet in Scotland where they belong?
DOCTOR STRANGE passes the board exam on July 8th, 2016.
-Papa Vinyard
Twitter
I think this is one of the best videocasts we've done so far.
I report on Rush Limbaugh's (entirely justified) NDAA outrage, provide new info on the SOPA censorship bill barreling toward reality, and what I view as Congressional treason -- aside from the SOPA and NDAA, which are fascist and dangerous on their own, Congress has been quietly working on the "Enemy Expatriation Act."
It's a bill that will chill you to the core.
Not exaggerating there.
Also, if you haven't yet, be sure to read my article about how CBS recently "blacked out" coverage of Ron Paul during their entire political segment on the morning of January 5th. I didn't fully believe in a concerted establishment media effort against Ron Paul before watching that segment. Now, however, I think the facts speak for themselves -- Occam's Razor at play, if you will.
Continue the conversation, follow me: I don't write articles every day, but when I do, they are on subjects you should know about. You can follow me on Google+ or on Twitter to see my newest posts and keep in touch. I publish content and editorial opinion regarding NDAA and SOPA on my Google+ account that you won't find anywhere else.
Top view
Bottom view
All 5 Sensor boards finished
Aeroquad v2.0.7 Shield with Arduino Mega
This will be a simple guide for the construction of the Aeroquad v2.0.7 Shield, which will act as the interface between the sensors ( Gyroscope ITG-3200 Triple axis Magnetometer HMC5883L and a Logic Level converter ) and the Arduino Mega Micro controller.The v2.0.7 comes with standard header and stacker pins for direct a direct shacking connection between itself and the Shield. You will need a small (18Watt) soldering ironand some solder to make the connections. The easy way to solder these in a straight and uniform way would be soldering 1 pin in place then flipping the Shield over to see if its straight. If It's not, just reheat the pin and align it until you are happy and remove the soldering iron, then its just a case of heating and tapping the solder to each of the remaining pins and create a solid connection.When finished it will look like this:Next step is to do each ofthe Sensors for this particular Shield (Later Shields use different sensor boards). Same procedure as before, simple solder 1 pin in place and ensure it is aligned correctly, then just flip it over and heat and tap until all the connections are made. I was cautious about over exposing the sensors to to much heat at this stage so be careful!When all the sensors have been fixed, figure out where they go in relation to your Shield and using some tap to hold them in place solder them all into there final place.If done right, you can attach the Shield to the Arduino and once the Flight software is uploaded it will start reading out your sensor data!Happy Soldering!!!
It has been quite a long time since we heard anything about the legal action going on with Electric Forest. There was a lot of court action and very scary issues because judges were ruling against AEG Live. Although, the ranch and the promoter have finally agreed to a deal that would secure Electric Forest for the next 10 years. Norm Halbower who is apart of the Double JJ Ranch has stated:
I can assure you that there will be a festival next year. Part of my reasoning is they have had representatives going through our forest checking trees and doing preliminary stuff like they do every year
Electric Forest is huge to the park. It brings in quite a lot of money allowing for the park to upgrade. These include: “new roofs, upgraded rooms, new flooring and cabinets at Back Forty cabins, and upgrades to the water park are just some of the improvements.”
Even Halbower themselves has attended the festival. They have said:
I'm 72 years old and I attended the festival this year. It was such a pleasant experience. I met educated people from all walks of life, including architects and brilliant minds of stage and theater. The show the festival puts on is a sight to see.
Now, the only thing that is detrimental to the festival is the loss of the support from the Grant Township board which no one expects will happen as they support the festival. This is all great news and we can enjoy the Electric Forest for many years to come!
About Grant Austin The Embarrassing Rowdy Gentlemen who befriend the worthy. I love going to shows. I love all music. I love having a good time. You can always find me at a bar or club. My drink of choice: Double Maker's Mark on the rocks. Feel free to follow me on Twitter: @ByTheWavs
Leave a Reply
THE FOLLOWING IS OLD INFO
any working ROM with recovery [ the best situation is to flash stock 2.1 se rom root it and install recovery] flashtool FTF bundle posted below Recovery image posted below
Stock SE 2.3.3 ROM prerooted (superuser files pre-installed, busybox pre-installed) FreeXperia recovery (slightly buggy but will be improved later)
download the ftf bundle & compressed recovery image from linnks below extract the contents of the recovery image to a folder on desktop u will get a folder with 4 files as shown below:
connect device to PC and mount sdcard copy that extrated folder to /sdcard/xrecovery/backup/ so final path to folder & files should look like: /sdcard/xrecovery/backup/prerooted_X10i_3.0.1.G.0.75/cache.img
/sdcard/xrecovery/backup/prerooted_X10i_3.0.1.G.0.75/data.img
/sdcard/xrecovery/backup/prerooted_X10i_3.0.1.G.0.75/nandroid.md5
/sdcard/xrecovery/backup/prerooted_X10i_3.0.1.G.0.75/system.img once copying is finished unmount sdcard and disconnect cable reboot into recovery and restore this backup AFTER RESTORE IS DONE DO NOT REBOOT wipe cache, data partitions directly remove battery and wait for few minutes (since we dont have power off in recovery this is a crude way to do it) now start flashtool and connect X10 in flash mode and flash the ftf bundle provided below after flashing is complete just restart device and enjoy prerooted X10 SE 2.3.3 GB!!!
this has already been tested to work by me, erickwill & kxhawkins... but please test it and report back...
NO-KNOWN root exploit was used! all the info on how to do this is already there in the threads i had created earlier and of-course using some ingenuous thinking ... u can check my sig for the links to those threads...
... u can check my sig for the links to those threads... files prepared from following FTF file posted in flashtool thread:
Quote: Originally Posted by Androxyde Originally Posted by X10i Generic
Generic version 2.3.3 build 3.0.1.G.0.75 (MD5: 36F52BAA3556CDD7E56383614C01E5D6)
FTF bundle (contains only kernel & baseband from stock SE FW 2.3.3)
[12MB] http://doomlord.sylvester20007.com/x...el_baseband.7z [Multiupload mirror]
Recovery image
[134MB] http://doomlord.sylvester20007.com/x....0.1.G.0.75.7z [Multiupload mirror]
if u ppl (modders/rom makers) will be using this work atleast link back to thread & atleast acknowledge the work i did!!! (this mean u too TripNRaVeR)
the prerooted + recovery image might be slightly buggy (as i havent verified the permissions on all files yet) but till then u can enjoy prerooted SE 2.3.3 GB ROM
FIX
(thanks toHi guys since i am out right now i couldnt test it but kxhawkins has posted direct flash-able update.zip, instructions are there in their post... please test it out and report back...Included recovery (FreeXperia recovery) is slightly buggy and might give "unable to mount sdcard" problem if used multiple times in same recovery session..
The answer is that they've been built specifically to make all lower-body workouts harder so that you get more out of any given workout. On the surface, they're similar to standard compression shorts -- but they also have built-in elastic resistance bands and panels that challenge your leg muscles at every turn. Each set of leg muscles is targeted by specific bands or panels, so no matter which way your legs move, they're being challenged. It's the same theory behind the leg weights that some wear while training; anything that makes the workout harder means you'll burn more calories, raise your heart rate and generally get more out of the work you do.
According to Physiclo's testing, working out with their compression shorts leads to 23 percent more muscle activity and a 14 percent increase in calories burned. I can't speak to those specific numbers, but there's no doubt in my mind that I was working a lot harder than I normally would. Smart likened the experience to working out in a pool, with the water providing natural resistance, and it's a pretty apt comparison. I noticed it the most when finishing up a set of exercises -- as my muscles naturally started to feel fatigued, the shorts made finishing up what I was doing even harder.
That said, it's also worth noting that most of the exercises I was doing aren't ones I typically do when working out, so my muscles were going to feel extra-sore anyway. Most of my workouts are strictly runs, so this was a bit of a different beast. I'm looking forward to wearing the shorts and doing one of my more standard workouts to see how that goes. Smart cautioned me to take it slow and not try to do the same routine I otherwise would -- if you usually run five miles, they told me, run three instead and see how you feel.
At $100, Phyisclo's shorts (they also come in full-length tights for both men and women) aren't cheap and thus will probably be looked at mainly from people who are a bit more serious about their exercise routines than I am. But Smart told me their team spent a lot of time tweaking the amount of resistance in the shorts so that they appeal to a wide range of athletes, and I'm curious to try them and see if I can get more out of my running routine.
Physiclo's products aren't really targeted at someone like me, who runs three times a week to try and be a bit healthier and more active. They're for more serious training, and they're priced accordingly at $100. Making them too strong would have meant that I could barely have used them at all, and Physiclo doesn't want to limit its market appeal. If you do a lot of working out that's focused on your lower body and are looking for a new tool to push yourself a bit further (and have the cash to spare), Physiclo's products are worth a look.
I spoke with Andy directly in order to learn exactly how a brilliant lecturer and MOOC participant feels about the future of online learning. I first asked them how they felt about the possibility of undergraduate degrees being awarded, eventually, online, given the current limitations of MOOCs.
Andy Szegedy-Maszak: I remain pretty skeptical about getting a full degree online. The main difference between MOOCs and residential learning isn't even the writing, but more the interaction and the exchange between the faculty member and the students.
Now, Coursera's platform makes it fairly easy for the instructor to check in on the fora and add a post or a comment. But that's very different, as you know, from being in group of people where you are interacting and engaging and encouraging them to link up with one another and to link up their insights. But who knows? I mean, maybe down the line, as technologies evolve we will be able to get to that.
Maria Bustillos: I enjoyed your lectures so much and thought they would be just the greatest launch pad, if you wanted to learn about Greek literature and history as a hobby. But I did not feel that anything was demanded of me as a student. For instance, it's not at all necessary for me to do the reading: I could just watch your lecture, do the quiz, and get a perfect score, more or less.
AS: Well that was the idea. Again, that is something very different from the way I could do it with an in-person course, where I would spend a lot more time actually talking about the reading. I have described this — and this may come back to haunt me — but I've described this course as kind of highlights reel, you know like on a sports show?
MB: You're so expert, though, and you're able to transmit that… It's more like a book, I kind of thought, where everything that's coming at me is so first-rate, made with such care, but basically it is a one-way street; something to take in.
AS: I'm supposed to teach the Greek history survey at Wesleyan this coming fall, and I think that what I will do is to incorporate the course lectures as part of the assignment, use them as a sort of introduction, and then I'll have more class time to engage the students in discussion of some of the interpretive problems, and issues of the sources, that otherwise I would have to skim by. Here, the class is 80 minutes twice a week; we were very strongly advised to keep the Coursera lectures between 12-20 minutes. This isn't adhered to by all the Coursera folks by any means, but I really felt that I had to distill the main points of the Wesleyan lectures, and in some ways intellectually that was the most interesting challenge.
MB: Right now this is an experiment, a pilot. What is Wesleyan's goal for this thing, given that it's not for credit? Your institution has got their star dudes spending a lot of time developing these courses.
AS: Well, we are going to continue. This is a very big topic around here. Five courses have been offered, including one by our president, Michael Roth, who is doing this course on “The Modern and the Postmodern,” which has also gotten a very positive response. There was a course in economics, another in psych statistics, another in film, and this summer my friend and colleague, Scott Plaus, who is also a social psychologist, is doing a social psych course — the course launches sometimes in June or July — and the enrollment is already bumping up just under 100,000.
And then we are going to have, I think, three or four new courses from colleagues next year. So we're moving forward at a steady pace.
As to the question, what is Wesleyan getting out of this? There are a number of answers; for one thing, it was a real boost, an honor, to be the first liberal arts college to be asked to join this consortium of what were otherwise Research 1 universities. That Wesleyan was recognized, along with Stanford, Princeton, Michigan, and Columbia was great. It was also a way of making Wesleyan known to people elsewhere in the world who might have heard of Harvard or Princeton or Yale, but wouldn't have heard of a small liberal arts college in Connecticut.
So to be in at the beginning of what may well be a revolutionary change in higher education? It was great to be asked. Those of us who have done these courses can now give our successors a sort of clearer idea of how much time and institutional support it's going to take.
MB: It was obviously a massive amount of work to put this together. How long did it take?
AS: Oh, hundreds of hours.
MB: I bet. Did you have a lot of help?
AS: Yes, some valuable help from undergraduates.
MB: In California we have a lot of wariness, because of the business of San Jose State offering actual credits through Udacity. Can you comment on that?
AS: I honestly don't know. I'm not dodging… well, I am dodging, but it's out of genuine uncertainty. That is to say, I worry about cash-strapped public universities, and now I'm not talking about the flagship ones, like Berkeley or UCLA, but the Cal State system: Are they going to start using MOOCs instead of hiring flesh-and-blood faculty to be in a real classroom with flesh-and-blood students? That I would find deeply regrettable.
I think of these courses as a kind of enhancement; a way of enriching the educational experience.
MB: How is this educational revolution going to take place, exactly? If the class is not asking anything of me yet, as a learner — how you get from Point A to Point B is completely opaque to me.
AS: One of the revolutionary aspects is just making this material accessible to a genuinely worldwide audience. You know, that's huge. It's no longer just for the folks who can get to one of the universities here or abroad; folks who bring just an interest in a topic and a passion for it can now get at least some sense of how it's being approached within the academy. This is starting to sound like a thumping cliché, but I would hope that people would just keep maybe thinking about this, reading more, taking another course… That's one of the revolutionary potentials of this medium, is that anyone with an internet connection and a basic command of English can have access to this kind of material.
MB: If you're a grown-up and you don't need to learn how to do research, understand something of logic and have basic rhetorical skill, you can study and learn by yourself. But those aren't skills that kids have. The main thing that undergraduate profs are giving college students, as Aaron Bady once said, is that they are modeling a kind of intellectual engagement, and the space in which to practice it. I don't think this is something you can get any other way.
AS: It's different from the full-scale engagement that one can, to use your absolutely correct term, model for the students in a classroom.
I do this stuff because even after all these years I find it fascinating, and I love the way interpretations change.
