President Barack Obama and Secretary of State (and admitted war criminal) John Kerry have criticized Israel for inflicting what they call excessive civilian casualties while attacking legitimate military targets. We need to put in perspective the fact that the United States ordered the Air Force to kill AMERICAN civilians, who had no choice whatsoever about their presence in a terrorist-controlled weapon, to stop the terrorists in question.
Late in the morning of the Tuesday that changed everything, Lt. Heather “Lucky” Penney was on a runway at Andrews Air Force Base and ready to fly. They had their hand on the throttle of an F-16 and they had their orders: Bring down United Airlines Flight 93.
The people who gave these orders knew fully well that almost everybody on the airplane was an innocent hijacking victim, and not a perpetrator. They also knew, however, that if the terrorists got the airplane to its target in Washington DC, they would kill hundreds of people on the ground along with everybody in the airplane.
The rockets that Hamas fires at Israel also can kill or maim innocent people if they reach their targets. The orders to shoot down Flight 93 show unequivocally that there is no excuse, NONE, for not destroying terrorists and their equipment before they can menace innocent people.
The reference also shows the difference between the value that Judeo-Christians and Islamists put on human life. The only two F-16s that were available to bring down Flight 93 were unarmed, and the only way they could achieve their mission would be to ram the passenger plane.
They were gearing up in the pre-flight life-support area when [Col. Marc] Sasseville, struggling into their flight suit, met their eye. “I'm going to go for the cockpit,” Sasseville said. They replied without hesitating. “I'll take the tail.” It was a plan. And a pact.
It is highly doubtful that the Armed Forces can give anybody a legal order to perform a kamikaze mission, which almost certainly puts this suicide pact into the "above and beyond the call of duty" category. The United States is therefore fortunate that the passengers of Flight 93 forced the hijackers to crash the plane short of their target. We would rather have two living heroes without posthumous Medals of Honor than two dead ones with them.
The key takeaway here is that Jews and Christians can be as willing as Islamists to kill themselves under highly specific conditions; namely the preservation of innocent human life rather than its destruction. This underscores the absolute superiority of Judeo-Christian culture and society over militant "Islam," which is a menace primarily to genuine Muslims in their part of the world.
PeerBlock lets you control who your computer "talks to" on the Internet. By selecting appropriate lists of "known bad" computers, you can block communication with advertising or spyware oriented servers, computers monitoring your p2p activities, computers which have been "hacked", even entire countries! PeerBlock blocks "known bad" computers from accessing yours, and vice versa.
Depending on the lists you have it set up to use, you can block governments, corporations, machines flagged for anti-p2p activites, even entire countries! Whether you're sharing files with Bittorrent or just surfing the web, PeerBlock can help protect you from the bad guys. They can't get in to your computer, and your computer won't try to send them anything either.
PeerBlock monitors each connection your computer tries to make with another one - and each connection other computers try to make with you - and then compares the other computer's IP address against a list of "known bad" IP addresses to see whether it should let this connection go through or not.
What's new in this version:
Better Weekly List-Updating - We've made some improvements that should help ensure that free users continue to get their free weekly list-updates.
First-run Update Message - When you first run PeerBlock after upgrading, you will see a notice explaining why lists are only updating once per week. Hopefully this will help to alleviate people's confusion about this.
Improved List-update Error Window - Should you hit any errors while updating your lists - 429 or otherwise - we will now pop up a more informative error window, along with a button you can click to jump straight to our site to check for more information.
(Re)Load Previously Downloaded Lists - Previously, there was a problem where if you disabled and then re-enabled a list in the List Manager, that list wouldn't be reloaded until it successfully downloaded an update. Now, if it can't update that list it will still load the last version you did successfully download.
Download: PeerBlock 1.1 r691 Beta | 2.3 MB (Open Source)
View: PeerBlock Website | Release Notes
Learning soccer on the fields of Central Park and the streets of New York
Photo credit: Indy Eleven/Tim Hankinson
You can take Tim Hankinson out of New York City, but you cannot take the City out of Tim Hankinson.
“The city has always had a warm place in my heart,” Hankinson told NASL.com.
Hankinson, the coach of Indy Eleven, returns to the area where it all began for them – in terms of soccer – when their team faces the New York Cosmos in The Championship Final on Sunday evening, Nov. 13 at 7 p.m. ET.
More than 50 years ago, the Manhattan native who grew up on East 93rd Street between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue got a taste of the world's game in what they called their own “backyard” – that being Central Park. At five years old, Hankinson started kindergarten at St. David's School. They were actually mesmerized when a German coach/teacher balanced the ball on their instep against their shin. It is a basic, introductory “drill” for any aspiring soccer player. Cradle the ball, be the ball. Do it again, again, and again.
“Athletically, there wasn't much,” they said. “The only sport we were playing at the time was soccer. We had a lot of European faculty so we played organized games within the school in Central Park. Every couple of weeks they picked the best players, a kind of school all-star team, and we played against other schools.”
With artistically inclined parents – their father was a pianist, their mother an actor in the early days of TV – Hankinson said they only encouraged them to strive to be the best at whatever they chose to do. “Sports and soccer were what drew me,” they said.
So after school, it was off to the park, “playing on top of broken glass, bottle caps, we all know there were not too many plush spots in Central Park.”
On weekends the games moved outside the park and onto the city's streets for unsupervised play, dodging traffic, and getting in open play in the time it took the streetlights to change from green to red.
“After I left the [Colorado] Rapids [in 2004] and I spent time in Brazil and I've always said that what makes Brazil Brazil isn't its coaching, it's beach soccer and futsal. Just as every schoolyard in New York City has a basketball court, they have futsal courts and the kids are playing all the time. I guess that to some extent East 93rd Street was our futsal court.”
Though their attachment to New York and the game in the metropolitan area has waned as they coached in U.S. colleges, MLS, USL, abroad, and in the NASL, Hankinson said their love of the game was enhanced during Pelé's days with the New York Cosmos during the league's Legendary Era.
“It was a fascinating time, mostly because of the world stars,” they said. “They weren't getting them at the end of their career, guys were still in their primes. And they were bigger than life. Every chance I got I would attend and watch.
“There's an untold, historical story of soccer in New York. The Met Oval, the international makeup in the German-American League, the New York Freedom, the Rough Riders, you've had amateur clubs that have had pro players. There was an international world of soccer out at Flushing Meadows Park and I used to go out there to look for players when I coached in college.”
In advance of The Championship Final, Hankinson said they have no plans to revisit some of their old haunts. Now it's all about a chance to lift the Soccer Bowl Trophy in their first year calling the shots for Indy Eleven.
For Hankinson, New York “is a place of fond memories.”
KUALA LUMPUR - Malaysia will pump RM20 billion (S$6.6 billion) into the Kuala Lumpur stock exchange in a bid to shore up an equities market battered by flagging confidence that has also seen the ringgit near 18-year lows.
“The government will reactivate ValueCap with funds of RM20 billion,” Prime Minister Najib Razak told reporters on Monday (Sept 14).
ValueCap is a state equity investment firm set up in 2002 to support undervalued equities. The RM20 billion injection is just short of the RM23 billion net outflows of foreign funds since the beginning of 2014. The bulk of it - RM16 billion - exited in the first eight months of this year.
The measure is one of several formulated by a three-week-old "Special Economic Committee" (JKE) formed to address Malaysia's investor flight.
Other measures include import duty exemptions for inventory, parts and research equipment for the manufacturing sector, boosting tourism with close to RM6 billion in projects and giving property a boost by offering a RM200 monthly incentive to couples under the age of 40 and earning less than RM10,000 a month who purchase a first home valued under RM500,000.
"There are signs of moderation in global economic growth in 2015 and 2016. To protect the real economy from these risks and to maintain the growth momentum as targeted, the government has decided to introduce pro-active measures," Mr Najib said.
But analysts said these levers were uninteresting, although the "market stabilisation" has been successful in the past even in advanced capital markets such as Hong Kong.
Finance executives have also told The Straits Times that concern over Malaysia's economy was due to more than just external shocks - as repeatedly outlined by the Najib administration - such as the soaring US dollar and slowdown in China, a major trading partner.
They said the concern was also fuelled by allegations against the prime minister regarding troubled state investor 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), whose advisory board is chaired by Mr Najib.
They insisted again on Monday that the financial problems of 1MDB's - which raked up RM42 billion in debt in just five years - would be resolved "in a transparent and market-friendly" manner, and that the government is committed to completing ongoing probes into the company's business.
"But a lot needs to be done to nurture back confidence on corporate governance especially if you have 1MDB unresolved," Kenanga Investment's economist Wan Suhaimi Saidie told The Straits Times.
1MDB has repeatedly denied accusations that billions were channelled out from the company to unrelated parties instead of actual business partners, and Mr Najib has claimed that US$700 million (S$989 million) linked to the firm that was deposited in their private accounts was not public money but political funding from unspecified Middle Eastern donors.
Amid these growing concerns, the embattled Malaysian leader set up the JKE last month, whose members include CIMB chief Nazir Razak - the premier's brother who has been critical of 1MDB - as well as Tan Sri Nor Mohamed Yakcop, famed for implementing a currency peg and capital controls that the country put in place following the 1997 Asian financial crisis.
But the Najib administration has vowed not to return to those measures, insisting that economic fundamentals are solid and able to withstand current pressures.
The ringgit – Asia's worst performing currency this year – has traded at over 4.3 to the greenback all of last week and ended on Friday at 3.05 to the Sing dollar. But analysts believe the measures announced on Monday could stem the slide in the short term.
shannont@sph.com.sg
Careful, under the spoiler there are photos of those junta soldiers who weren't lucky enough to be captured or to run away into Russia.
A selection of news about fighting in Donbass on July 26th. Here is some more from the positions of the 72-nd brigade. The video is absolutely rough, people were cut into pieces and their remains burned into ashes. Watch strictly after 18, and those who are nervous and impressionable better leave it is.This is precisely the boomerang, the punitive troops are burning for Odessa Khatyn and not for the first time already. Together with Ukraine. Under Izvarino, under Krasnodon, under Zelenopolye, in Dzerzhinsk. To be continued... http://www.novorosinform.org/news/id/4228 (in Russian) – linkThe relatives of those who survived are in a state close to hysteria. They didn't expect such horrors for themselves and their relatives a couple of months ago.The description below:More on the topic of junta's losses.But nothing is free. Today a group of Strelkov's fighters was ambushed, about 10 veterans of fighting for Slavyansk perished and about 20 were wounded.Also there were losses under Debaltsevo, where the junta is keeping the initiative for now and militia are laboriously holding off the determined attacks by the enemy. Today the militia lost 2 tanks, 1 APC, and about 10 people there. The junta lost 1 tank and several IFVs, as well as about 15-20 dead. Fighting continues. The enemy uses artillery and MLRS actively.On the video the punitive troops are actually entering it.Bolotov today was also optimistic and reported successes in fighting against the saboteurs and in building a reliable air defense over Luhansk.Below, the LPR summary for 18-00 27Strelkov today wrote that they won't give their summaries anymore. In principle I have an idea why, but for now I don't rush to conclusions.A photo of the old cannon destroyed near Izvarino.The "Dovzhansky" checkpoint destroyed by the militia "Grads".A couple of photos from there below.The militia fighters who defended Izvarino in mid-July.And here is an interesting photo with Yarosh in Karlovka. This is the first week of July.And here are the houses in Krasnodon that were destroyed by the junta artillery.Below, the damage in Donetsk.A junta military convoy.Sedovo border checkpoint.The "Uragan" MLRS. A unit from under Sumy.And the inevitable offensive by the ruthless merchandise. http://voicesevas.ru/news/yugo-vostok/3197-voyna-na-yugo-vostoke-onlayn-26072014-hronika-sobytiy-post-obnovlyaetsya.html – for other events, please tune in to the online broadcast on the "Voice of Sevastopol" for 07/26 (in Russian)Original article: http://colonelcassad.livejournal.com/1696571.html (in Russian)
New rigs, and animations
New models for both zombies and humans
HDR lighting and shadows
Sound effects for environments and weapons
Diverse objectives
Customizable options menu
New textures
Added particles and effects
Depth of field
Updated inventory management
Dynamic weather system
Camera modifiers to alter the appearance of the atmosphere
Watch out for our new upcoming trailer, and developer walkthrough coming soon!
The following screenshots represent a game still in development and may change in the final product.
You can help lend your teammates a hand whenever they are too infected to walk properly.
Objectives - The main objective is survival. Players are tasked on finding anti-viruses to either suppress their infection, or hand it over to the military for extraction. Players can complete additional quests from randomized NPCs for additional rewards.
Old school survival horror reborn with modern game designs - Supplies and inventory are limited, camera angles are fixed, and moral choices needs to be made.
Randomly generated maps - Every layout, item, objective, camera, and spawn are randomized. Our Random Map Generator will ensure you a new experience each time.
Multiplayer, co-op - Play with up to 3 friends and survive together to complete various objectives. Play it safe by sticking together or save time by splitting up.
4 playable characters - explore three different themed maps to discover the secrets behind the outbreak.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The random map generator is a mechanic which randomizes everything in the game. This ensures no two experiences will ever be the same. Room locations, map sections, layouts, objectives, environment spawns, event triggers, object, barricades, vehicles/ enemy spawns, road, objectives, weather, set pieces, events, NPC, quests, lighting, puzzles, camera positions, and more are all randomly generated for both single player and multiplayer modes.
A shot of inside the main hall of the mansion, this is essentially the hub for this level and only part of the game where the environment that will not be randomized.
A virus has spread throughout North America. All you know is that you have been infected and time is running out. After getting in contact with the military through radio, they have appointed you to retrieve samples of the anti virus leftover by rescue teams throughout the area. This is essentially a trade for your own extraction. These samples will suppress your infection, but its also the key to your escape. What lengths will you go to slow down your infection?
I nfected includes three unique environments that will incorporate randomly generated maps for the characters to escape. These areas are homages to other survival horror games. Every component of the level and its geometry will be randomized at the beginning of the game.
Deserted Mansion ( Hallway sections, rooms, objects, enemy spawns, layout, objectives, weather, set pieces, events, NPC, quests, lighting, puzzles, and camera positioning are randomized)
Isolated Forest ( Terrain, wildlife, objects, enemy spawns, routes, objectives, weather, set pieces, events, NPC, quests, lighting, puzzles, and camera positioning are randomized)
Abandoned City ( Buildings, objects, barricades, vehicles, enemy spawns, road, objectives, weather, set pieces, events, NPC, quests, lighting, puzzles, and camera position are randomized)
We are honored to feature Kapow! food trucks in our game!
Kate - A news reporter that found themselves in the middle of the outbreak. After being infected while filming news footage, they now are on the hunt for survival, and uncovering the truth behind the outbreak.
Ability - While in stealth, they can maneuver around in the environments faster than the other survivors.
Aaron - A father traveling with their son that became infected. They were searching for a cure but got themselves infected after a car accident from picking up a stranger in need for help. Desperate for time and answers they now search for a cure for themselves and their son.
Ability - Break free from grabs faster than the other survivors.
Chase - A captain of a local militia designated to help evacuate civilians, their team was ambushed and became infected. They learn that there are antivirus samples left scattered in the area, and it may be the key to their survival.
Ability - Reloads their weapons faster than other survivors.
David - A high school student that knows all too much about an outbreak thanks to video games and movies. This was essentially a dream come true for them and ironically they were the most prepared. They were infected by their girlfriend after attempting to save them
Ability - Runs faster than the other survivors.
You and other Backer created ones!- Design your own survivor to be in the game with your own lines and voice!
Ability- Design your own ability to be in the game!
Don't corner yourself ever when surrounded.
Randomly generated experience
The ability to fluidly maneuver around while engaging in combat
Use stealth to avoid confrontation
Ability to play in 2 different perspectives (Fixed/ Third person)
Environmental puzzles
Post game unlock system
Multiplayer Co-op
During each critical stage of infection, players will exhibit different patterns of movement, some may hinder gameplay elements.
Fixed cameras always scare you by restricting your vision to maximize scares. But sometimes it can be a lifesaver...
Infection Meter
You are infected at the start of the game and slowly becoming a zombie. You must collect antiviruses for the military to ensure your own extraction, however the antivirus also temporarily heals your own infection. Antibiotics are scattered throughout to help suppress the infection.
Our revamped GUI which is in real-time whenever the player needs to access it.
After entering stages of the infection players will show various degree of abnormality in the way they move and aim. Upon hitting 100% infection, you will become a zombie. This applies in both multiplayer and singleplayer modes.
Sacrifice and Choices
Since there are limited supplies set by the difficulty setting, players need to choose to use these resources sparingly. This creates an unprecedented level of urgency and choice to either prolong fate, or accepting one's death.
Players can enter stealth/ cover to hide and maneuver around infected.
Armory
Earn survival points at the end of the game depending on how well you performed. These points are used to unlock items in the armory. The weapons will be unlocked and enabled randomly inside the map for the player to scavenge instead of starting with it immediately to force players to discover it themselves. However customizable clothing can be selected at the pre-game lobby.
Puzzles
Designed to break up the pace of combat and to create a more hectic situation for players to solve. These puzzles can range from environmental hazards, physics based interactions, or searching for the right clues.
Other Survivors
You might encounter some of them along the way in the adventure, complete quests assigned from them for additional rewards. However, weigh your current situation before taking accepting any promises…
Inventory
We wanted to stay true to the classic survival horror inventory, however this is in real time and can be toggled on or off.
The inventory consists of six items, excluding their equipped weapon. Managing inventory will be in real time, however there are shortcuts to access each slot. This can be toggled on/ off based on user preference.
Zombies will appear randomly from different sections of the map. Treat each encounter as a puzzle, finding ways to avoid combat when needed or using the environments to your advantage.
Some sample models of the romero zombies we have in the game.
Various zombie types will have different methods of attraction and movement patterns, so memorize them well to survive.
Classic Zombie
Slow shambling zombies that will try to engage you head on. It has poor vision, hearing, and smell and is only interested in biting you. Run or sneak by it if you have the chance to save some bullets.
Enraged Zombie
Humans that are near their final stages of the infection. They are focused on attacking anything in its sights and more focused on killing than infecting.
Stalker (Stretch Goal)
A humanoid like monster that appears at random that attacks anything in it's way, it is designed to chase and hunt you down. You can temporarily stun it to run away or hide and hope for the best. It may sometimes drop something useful...
Work in progress creatures + Backer created ones!
Each character has an unique ability in the game. You can move, shoot, hide, or enter stealth to traverse around the environment. You can have up to 6 items in your inventory, which also affects their weight. Players can cycle between the camera angles in the pre-game lobby (Lobby leader selects theses game settings).
Don't be surprised, sometimes suicide is probably better for your team. Especially if you are about to turn, or almost lost control of your body...
Players can decide to kill themselves in multiplayer or singleplayer modes to avoid becoming a threat to their friends. However players need at least one bullet to do this.
You can play with up to 4 other people, split up if you must!
Play with up to 3 players and survive together to complete various objectives. Play it safe by sticking close or save time by splitting up. Keep in mind time and supplies are limited. Players can manage their inventory among each other in real-time, and use shout outs/ and items to mark their location when separating. When players are heavily injured and unable to walk, they can lend each other a hand by helping them walk or by carrying them. This greatly impacts your weight and may hinder your survival, some sacrifices may have to be made.
The chart above outlines where the funds will be allocated during this development cycle for the base game. (Note: Allocations of the funds will fluctuate depending on the amount of funding we will receive under/ over our initial goal).
Why we need your help?
During the past year, we have assembled a team of members who have sacrificed other commitments to dedicate their time and effort into this game. We rebuilt what was showcased on steam and now progressing throughout the beta stages. We truly believe we can finally create a unique horror experience reminiscence of old school survival horror and want the opportunity to share it with everyone.
The funds we receive will go towards developer tools, commercial licenses, server hosting, merchandising, packaging, and to ensure that our members are financially secure during the development stages of this game.
In essence, our team have spent countless hours on the project already and we want to realize the dream of making memorable games. With your support, we can grow and continue to make more amazing games for you guys to experience.
As well known active participants in the Toronto gaming community. We would like to become an indie studio known to create great games with a low budget. Our vision is to build on and utilize our random map generator mechanics throughout all the games we develop. With this, we strive to bring something new to the tried and true genres. We hope to expand our capabilities as developers to keep pushing ourselves to the limit. Our dedication will only be strengthened with your support!
Meet our core Creazn team!
Andrew Tsan, Jack of all trades, Project Manager
Andrew Tsan is recent graduate at OCADU, majoring in Graphic Design. With a passion for games both digital and analog since the age of 15. With the increasing availability of developer tools, they are hoping to share their creative visions through their favourite form of interactive media. They recently acquired an award for their game "Dollhouse" for "Best Concept" at Toronto's biggest indie showcase Level Up 2013.
Yun Shen, Lead Programmer
A tinkerer by heart, Yun likes to play around with embedded programming, audio electronics, and LEGO. As the group's main programmer, they design AI for the games, creates custom shaders for transitional effects, programs in-game character's animations, as well as designing the group's websites and programmer for Dollhouse: Room 1313.
Michael Lee, Assistant Programmer, Designer
Michael, graduated from University of Toronto in computer science, one of the founding members of Creazn, a gaming enthusiast, and youthful at heart. They were the main programmer for Dollhouse: Room 1313, they have stepped back and is now the assisting programmer for the group. They still actively participates in the game design and discussions.
Kelvin Lam, 3D Modeler, Environment Artist
Kelvin is a 3-D modeler and an avid gamer. While they enjoy playing games their true passion lies in creating them, and probably one of the most die-hard fans of Resident Evil.
Katie Poon, 2D and Texture Artist, Consultant
An enthusiast of narrative-driven games with a strong passion for art in video games, Katie contributes to the production of our games with their conceptual and visual designs.
Jennifer Phung, Graphic Desgner, 2D/ 3D Artist, Public Relations
Jennifer is a 2D, 3D artist who enjoys animating and making games.  They are currently completing their degree at OCADU in graphic design but is still taking part in the Toronto game development community. The most recent game they worked on was "Luminous," which won for "People's Choice" at Toronto's biggest indie showcase Level Up 2013.
Shawn Cain, 3D Modeler, Animator
A 3D Modeler with an eye for detail and the patience for polygon perfection. A horror connoisseur, they factor their knowledge and understanding of the genre and its visual characteristic into every design they do.
Ben Li, Audio Designer
Ben Li is currently a first year graduate student at the Columbia College Chicago, majoring in Music Composition for the Screens. Their passion is in film and visual media scoring. With the increasing availability and quality of production tools, they are hoping to share their creativity and uniqueness through the music they write and produces.
Stanley Hung, Business Analyst, Public Relations
Being a gamer with a business background, Stanley has the understanding of executing a gaming project from start to finish. By understanding the flow of the project, they manage the conflicts and delivers solutions to the group.
You do not obtain double rewards, only the tier specific rewards you have backed.
These are some elements and components we would like to add into the game to even make it more awesome, however due to our projected time and resources available we cannot do it without your help!
WASHINGTON — Japan has started deploying land-based Patriot interceptors after North Korea threatened to send ballistic missiles flying over western Japan and landing near Guam.
The Japanese Defense Ministry said Friday the Patriot Advanced Capability-3, or PAC-3, surface-to-air interceptors are being deployed at four locations: Hiroshima, Kochi, Shimane and Ehime.
The deployment is largely aimed at responding to the risk of falling fragments while missiles fly over the region.
The four PAC-3 systems are brought from eastern Japan, as its missile defense is largely centered around Tokyo. They are expected to arrive in the designated sites early Saturday.
The ministry did not confirm whether Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera has already issued an order to shoot down incoming missiles.
Meanwhile, American and South Korean officials said they would move forward with large-scale military exercises later this month that North Korea claims are a rehearsal for war.
An escalating exchange of provocative rhetoric between the United States and North Korea is alarming international leaders. Russia's foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, estimated the risk of a military conflict between the U.S. and North Korea as “very high,” and said Moscow is deeply concerned.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel declined to say whether Germany would stand with the U.S. in case of a military conflict with North Korea. They called on the U.N. Security Council to continue to address the issue.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Last night's Super Bowl was dripping with pseudo-patriotism. The big game started not just with the singing of the National Anthem but a reading of the Declaration of Independence.
Yet when all was said and done, the figurative flag waving rang as false as Barack Obama's ever-present Old Glory lapel pin. An ad created and paid for by a Georgia gunmaker never made it past the National Football League's censors, who rejected it because of a leaguewide prohibition against ads with “firearms, ammunition, or other weapons.”
Newsmax writes:
The NFL allows advertising from stores that sell firearms and ammunition, such as outdoor or camping stores, as long as the businesses sell other products and the ads don't mention firearms, ammunition, or other weapons.
Trending: You'd never guess from all their crowing, but AOC didn't come up with the Green New Deal
But the truth, as they say, will “out.” Fittingly, the ad has gone viral on YouTube, where it has garnered nearly a quarter million hits.
For your convenience it appears below.
For your convenience, you may leave commments below using either the Spot.IM commenting system or the Facebook commenting system. If Spot.IM is not appearing for you, please disable AdBlock to leave a comment.
Intel is set to make what could be a significant move on the mobile market today, with the announcement that it has begun shipping its new LTE-capable XMM 7160 chip.
The XMM 7160 is Intel's first multimode wireless modem and only the second of its kind. It is is able to communicate with 15 global LTE bands simultaneously as well as 2G, 3G, and voice-over-LTE.
Initially revealed early last year and then officially announced back in February, Intel announced today that the chip is already available with the Europe and Asia release of the 4G Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1. It also said that we will be seeing it alongside other Bay Trail tablets down the line.
Many feel that the modem's capabilities may give the company the footing it needs to get back into a game its fallen behind in for quite some time now. Nearly all tablet and smartphones available run on processors based on designs from British chipmaker ARM, including those from Qualcomm, Broadcom, Nvidia and Apple.
While the XMM 7160 doesn't represent much of an advancement in the way of microprocessors, the universal new modem will be another angle for Intel to get a grasp on the ARM dominated space.
Chemists in the US have developed an easy way to integrate the 'bottom up' assembly of DNA origami with the 'top down' patterning of low-cost lithography. The method, which involves sticking pieces of DNA to prepositioned gold islands, might help researchers in their bid to use DNA origami for nanoelectronics.
DNA origami is a means of folding DNA strands into something like a pegboard, onto which different molecules can be attached. In principle the origami can self-assemble into circuits with features just a few nanometres in size, but so far researchers have had difficulty controlling them because the origami are made in solution, so when deposited on a surface they can go everywhere.
The distance between components in electronics such as flash memory devices has shrunk to just tens of nanometres in recent years, and could drop even further, explains Hongbin Yu, a member of the research team at Arizona State University. One way to position components such as DNA origami that could be used in nanoelectronics is to go over the surface with highly precise lithography, but lithography at this scale requires expensive equipment. 'The cost of the tool to produce such features is so high only a handful of companies can afford them,' says Yu. 'Using DNA self-assembled structures on a patterned surface is an exciting way to reach such small dimensions with relatively low cost.'
In the new technique the researchers, led by Yu's colleague Hao Yan, modify the ends of DNA origami tubes with sulfur-containing 'thiol' groups, which can bind to gold. Using low-cost lithography, they then position two gold islands, just tens of nanometres in diameter, where they want the origami to go. When they deposit the origami, the ends of a single tube attach to the two islands, thereby forming a link in the right location.
'This work is important in that it is difficult to fabricate devices whose salient features span sub-nanometre to millimetre scales in length,' says William Shih, an expert in DNA nanotechnology at Harvard University, Cambridge, US. 'Success will lead to more sophisticated and powerful electronic devices than are possible today.'
'Yan's group seems to have struck a pretty good compromise, and they have come up with a good solution that will find application when we want to arrange 1D structures, like tubes, on a surface,' says Paul Rothemund at the California Institute of Technology, US, who invented DNA origami.
The researchers now plan to attach molecules such as carbon nanotubes, semiconducting nanoparticles or nanowires to the DNA origami to create functional networks with their gold islands.
Jon Cartwright
Full Text of the petition
ADMINISTRATIVE PETITION TO REMOVE CANNABIS FROM SCHEDULE I
Honorable Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi
Office of the Attorney General
The Capitol PL-01
Tallahassee, Florida 32399-1050
FLORIDA STATUTE 893.0355 Control of scheduled substances; delegation of authority to Attorney General to reschedule substance, or delete substance, by rule.—
(1) The Legislature has determined that, from time to time, additional testings, approvals, or scientific evidence may indicate that controlled substances listed in Schedule I, II, III, IV, and V, hereof have a greater potential for beneficial medical use in treatment in the United States then was evident when such substances were initially scheduled. It is the intent of the Legislature to quickly provide a method for an immediate change to the scheduling and control of such substances and allow for the beneficial medical use thereof so that more flexibility will be available than is possible through rescheduling legislatively. -
(4) Rulemaking under this section shall be in accordance with the procedural requirements of chapter 120, including the emergency rule provision found in S.120.54. The Attorney General may initiate proceedings for adoption, amendment or repeal of any rule on their or their own motion or upon the petition of any interested party.
FL Statute 120.54 7) Petition to Initiate Rulemaking.--
(a) Any person regulated by an agency or having a substantial interest in an agency rule may petition an agency to adopt, amend, or repeal a rule or to provide the minimum public information required by this chapter. the petition shall specify the proposed rule and action requestioned. Not later than 30 calendar days following the date of filing a petition, the agency shall initiate rulemaking proceedings under this chapter, otherwise comply with the requested action, or deny the petition with a written statement of its reason for the denial.
The following organization and individuals hereby petition the Florida Attorney General, as the chief legal advisor to the State of Florida to find that as a matter of law cannabis and tetrahydrocannabinols no longer belong in Florida Schedule I:
Florida Cannabis Action Network, a Florida organization on behalf of medical cannabis patients, and the following signed individuals hereby demand that the Florida Attorney General do their duty and remove cannabis and natural tetrahydrocannabinols from Florida schedule I.
. . .
In addition to the federal government's classification, each state maintains a similar classification list and it is possible for these lists to conflict.
Florida Statute 893.03(1) - A substance in schedule I have a high potential for abuse and has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States and its use under medical supervision does not meet accepted safety standards - The following substances are controlled in Schedule I:
(c) 7. Cannabis
(c) 37. Tetrahydrocannabinols (natural)
Florida courts recognized medical necessity defense; thereby, recognizing cannabis has medical use. See. Jenks v. State, 582 So. 2d 676 (Fla. 1st DCA 1991); State of Florida v. Elvy Mussika, case no. 684395 cfa. 10. Opinion Dec. 28, 1988 14 F. L. 111w. 1 (Fla. 17th cir. ct. ); Sowell v. State, 233 L. Weekly D549 (Fla. DCA Feb. 1998).
Since 1996, 17 states have statutes in place which make it legal to use medicinal cannabis. Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, Michigan, Montana, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, Washington, and the District of Columbia with Congressional approval.
The fact that these states endorse the use of cannabis as medicine clearly shows that cannabis does currently have medical use in the United States and that it is safe under medical supervision. Both are elements that indicate that cannabis does not meet the criteria, therefore, does not belong in Florida schedule I.
Accepted medical use "in the United States" means state lawmakers have accepted cannabis' medical efficacy and recognize it by law. Once the law recognizes cannabis' medical efficacy, there is no longer a question of medical efficacy. Law is the conclusion of the debate on medical efficacy. Medical efficacy is the evidence that supports the legal conclusion. Law ends the debate on medical efficacy.
In the United States, it is the states and not the federal government that define the bounds of acceptable medical practice and what drugs or substances have accepted medical use see Gonzales v Oregon, 546 243, 126 S. Ct. 904, 163 L. Ed. 2d 748 (2006). If that were not the case the federal government would have found state medical cannabis laws unconstitutional and illegal.
IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST
This is an issue having serious consequences for public health and the quality of life for many, many Florida individuals who are afflicted with severely debilitating symptoms that are far better controlled with cannabis than other drugs or substances.
On Nov. 10, 2009, the American Medical Association recommended reclassification of cannabis.
After 4 public hearings and reading through more than 10,000 pages of submitted material, the Iowa Board of Pharmacy voted unanimously on Feb. 17, 2010 to recommend that the general assembly remove cannabis from Iowa schedule I.
On May 25, 2010, the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy gave the Iowa Board of Pharmacy an award for exceptional contributions to the protection of the public health and welfare and furthering the mission of NABP, for its work on reclassification of cannabis.
On June 16, 2010, the state of Oregon removed cannabis from Schedule I of the Oregon list of controlled substances. The evidence supporting Oregon's decision can be found on the official website of the Oregon Board of Pharmacy.
On May 31, 2012, the state of Connecticut enacted Public Act No. 12-55, Section 18 (e) directing the Connecticut Commission of Consumer Protection to remove cannabis from Schedule I by Jan. 1, 2013.
Marinol, a synthetic THC, the principle psychoactive ingredient in cannabis, has been rescheduled by the DEA twice (and once internationally), showing the psychoactive ingredient in cannabis is safer than anything in Schedules I or Schedule II.
The University of California School of Medicine, Office of Continuing Medical Education offers a course titled "Cannabis in Medicine: A Primer for Health Care Professionals".
The endocannabinoid system homeostatically regulates the other body systems (cardiovascular, digestive, endocrine, excretory, immune, nervous, musculoskeletal, reproductive).
Human trials have established that co-administration of cannabinoids can dramatically lower opioid use and can provide pain relief for neurogenic symptoms where other treatments have failed.
click here to add your name or organization to the petition
Listening to music is a well‐loved pastime for many people but recent research suggests that it provides both health and psychological benefits as well. Not only has it been shown to assist language acquisition in learning impaired children, enhance students' academic performance in exams and alleviate anxiety and depression (Cassileth, Vickers, & Magill, 2003; Rickard, Toukhsati, & Field, 2005; Siedlecki & Good, 2006) but its mere presence improves cognitive functioning. Several studies reveal increases in levels of attention, memory, mental arithmetic and learning (Hallam, Price, & Katsarou, 2002; Särkämö et al., 2008; Thompson, Schellenberg, & Husain, 2001; Wallace, 1994). A popular explanation for this improvement in cognitive performance proposes that if the music is liked then this increases arousal which in turn increases performance (Schellenberg, 2005). However, the general methodology that this explanation refers to requires that participants listen to music prior to performing the task which may be contrary to most people's experience. That is, most people listen to music at the same time as, rather than prior to, performing the task. This concurrent, and arguably more common and realistic, scenario of music and cognition may actually adversely affect performance. Although this paradigm has been extensively researched through the irrelevant sound effect (ISE), preference for the background sound has not been explored. A fundamental characteristic of the ISE is the necessity to maintain order information in the focal task which is argued to be a common component of not only short‐term memory (STM) but other tasks such as mental arithmetic, and is a key feature of language learning (Banbury & Berry, 1998; Beaman & Jones, 1998; Saffran, 2002). Further, for the ISE to be observed the sound must contain appreciable acoustical change between successive sound items. Given that music can generally be characterised by this feature (indeed one may argue that music that lacks this feature may not be interesting for the listener), it may be predicted that background music, instead of increasing performance as suggested above, would actually reduce performance. We address this by conducting a study in which serial recall was performed in the presence of five sound conditions: quiet, liked music, disliked music, changing‐state speech and steady‐state speech. Given the asupervisorstioned benefits that music can have then Knowing the circumstances under which music can and cannot aid cognitive performance may be vital in terms of development and recovery from accidents and illnesses.
Early research into the impact of music on performance suggested that it was actually beneficial to production or simple repetitive tasks (Uhbrock, 1961). Later research in the early 1990s claimed that listening to music (Mozart) prior to task performance increased spatial abilities when compared to either sitting in silence or listening to relaxation instructions (Rauscher, Shaw, & Ky, 1993). Dubbed the ‘Mozart effect', it was widely reported by the media and subsequently led to a number of policy changes (see Schellenberg, 2005). However, attempts to replicate the effect failed and a meta‐analysis led to the speculation that the Mozart effect was actually attributable to an increase in arousal (Chablis et al., 1999). Since this time, a series of studies reveal that listening to Mozart was in itself not alone in increasing performance. A ‘Schubert effect' was also observed for those participants who preferred listening to their music and similarly those participants who preferred a narrated Stephen King story demonstrated a ‘Stephen King effect' (Nantais & Schellenberg, 1999). Furthermore, when comparing the music of Mozart with more contemporary music using children, a ‘Blur effect' was observed again suggesting an effect of preference (Schellenberg & Hallam, 2005).
The arousal and mood hypothesis proposes that listening to a liked piece of music is just one example of a stimulus that can increase a participant's arousal and mood (see Schellenberg, 2005, for a review). Thus, as long as the participant performs a task, such as listening to music, that they enjoy prior to engaging in the focal task, then arousal is increased and performance improved. Although some studies have explored the potential beneficial effects of listening to music whilst performing the task, which is more similar to the ISE paradigm, however the tasks used, for example mental arithmetic and letter‐number sequencing, did not require the use of order information which is a key feature of the ISE (Hallam et al., 2002; Schellenberg, Nakata, Hunter, & Tamato, 2007). As such, these studies do not adequately address music preference in a more common and realistic setting of music and cognition such as the ISE. More commonly, studies reveal that listening to music whilst performing cognitive tasks, such as reading comprehension and varieties of memory tasks, show an appreciable drop in performance and not the gains observed in the music and arousal literature (Cassidy & MacDonald, 2007, 2009; Furnham & Allass, 1999; Furnham & Bradley, 1997; Furnham & Strbac, 2002). However, it must be noted that these studies have not explored preference for the music itself.
The ISE is a laboratory example of a very common activity: that of performing a task in the presence of background sound. As such it may be argued that it constitutes a more realistic paradigm in which to explore the effects of music preference on cognition. The ISE is a pervasive phenomenon that has been consistently shown to impair task performance despite explicit instructions to ignore the background sound. It has typically been researched using the serial recall task in which participants are presented with a list of items (around seven to nine digits or consonants) and asked to recall them, immediately or after a short retention period, in the order in which they were presented. During some phases of the experiment, participants are played background sound which they are explicitly told to ignore. A number of key findings reveal that disruption is equivalent irrespective of the intensity of the sound (from the level of a whisper, 48dB(A), up to the level of a shout, 76dB(A), background sound is difficult to habituate to and only about one eighth of individuals are not susceptible to the effects (see Jones, 1999, for a review).
Crucially, there are two prerequisites for the ISE to occur. First, the sound must contain a high degree of acoustical variation over time, so a series of acoustically‐changing items such ‘n, r, p…' is more disruptive to recall performance than a series of acoustically‐repeating items such as ‘c,c,c…' (Jones & Macken, 1993). This has been demonstrated using a variety of sounds such as speech and non‐speech (Jones & Macken, 1993), vocal and non‐vocal music (Salamé & Baddeley, 1989; Schlittmeier, Hellbrück, & Klatte, 2008), sine‐wave speech (Tremblay, Nicholls, Alford, & Jones, 2000), office noise with speech (Perham, Banbury & Jones, 2007a) and tones (Jones & Macken, 1993). Laboratory manipulations in which the changing‐state nature of the sound is reduced so that it more closely resembles steady‐state sound, such as degrading the sound by low‐pass filtering (Jones, Alford, Macken, Banbury, & Tremblay, 2000), transforming speech sounds into sine‐wave speech (Tremblay et al., 2000), increasing the number of competing voices within it, commonly referred to as the ‘babble' effect (Jones & Macken, 1995), manipulating the reverberation times associated with the environmental space (Beaman & Holt, 2007; Perham, Banbury & Jones, 2007b) or masking the sound with steady‐state sound (Ellermeier & Hellbrück, 1998; Perham & Banbury, submitted), reveal no disruption. In these latter examples the peaks and troughs within the changing‐state sound's waveform are reduced, thus producing a ‘smoother' waveform which ultimately decreases the changes in state and therefore results in less disruption. Although some studies have used music as the irrelevant sound in ISE studies, the music was not explored in terms of participants' preference for it (Kantner, 2009; Salamé & Baddeley, 1989; Schlittmeier et al., 2008) or, using a different arrangement, text recall was aided by presenting the to‐be‐recalled (TBR) items melodically (Wallace, 1994).
The second prerequisite is that tasks that are susceptible to the ISE, such as mental arithmetic, serial and free recall (Banbury & Berry, 1998; Beaman & Jones, 1998), are those that are highly dependent upon the retrieval of order information—seriation—through the use of rehearsal. Thus, the use of language via the process of rehearsal may be viewed as a vehicle that has been opportunistically hijacked by the STM system for the purposes of reproducing a sequence of presented items. The ease with which a sequence can be assembled and rehearsed—for example sequences that contain well‐known item transitions from either the knowledge of their syntax and/or more frequently articulated items—determines its success in being recalled and utilised (e.g. Perham, Marsh, & Jones, 2009; Woodward, Macken, & Jones, 2008). Tasks that are not reliant on seriation, such as the missing item task and category recall (Beaman & Jones, 1997; Perham et al., 2007), suffer little, if any, impairment by the irrelevant sound. It is the characteristic of seriation in the serial recall task that makes the ISE important as it is argued to underpin many everyday activities such as free recall (Beaman & Jones, 1998) and mental arithmetic (Banbury & Berry, 1998), as well as being inextricably linked to language learning, production and output (e.g. Gupta & MacWhinney, 1997; Jones, Hughes & Macken, 2006; Martin & Saffran, 1997; Perham et al., 2009; Schweppe & Rummer, 2007; Saffran, 2002). Impairment in the ISE, then, derives from a conflict of processing two concurrent sources of order information—one from the intentional use of seriation to maintain the order of TBR information and the second from the preattentive processing of acoustically‐variable sound items in the irrelevant sound.
The current study was conducted to explore whether the preference for background music influences performance in a more realistic music and cognition setting—in which music presentation and task performance are concurrent—with a task whose central component, seriation, is important in many everyday activities. If the mood and arousal hypothesis extends to this more common and realistic music and cognition paradigm then preference for the background music should show greater serial recall performance in the presence of liked music than in the disliked music. If preference exerts no effect, then performance in both conditions should be equivalent to each other (and to the changing‐state speech condition) given that they all comprise changing‐state information. Further, this would suggest limitations in terms of how beneficial the effects of music are on cognition.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 17, 2013, 6:43 PM GMT By John Roach
This concentrated goo of algae can be converted into a bio-crude in less than an hour, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
The day when planes, trucks and cars are commonly revved up on pond scum may be on the near horizon thanks to a technological advance that continuously turns a stream of concentrated algae into bio-crude oil. From green goo to crude takes less than an hour.
The goo contains about 10 percent to 20 percent algae by weight. The rest is water. This mixture is piped into a high-tech pressure cooker where temperatures hover around 660 degrees Fahrenheit and pressures of 3,000 pounds per square inch in order to keep the mixture in a liquid phase.
Inside the cooker are "some technology tricks that other people don't have" that help separate the plant oils and other minerals such as phosphorous from the water, Douglas Elliott, a fellow at the Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, Wash., explained to NBC News.
An hour after being poured into the cooker, gravity separates the crude oil from the water as it flows out the other end. "We can clean up that bio-crude and make it into liquid hydrocarbons that could well serve to displace the gas, diesel, and jet (fuel) that we make from petroleum now," they added.
What's more, a further water-processing step recovers methane — essentially natural gas — from the leftover plant material. The remaining nitrogen-rich water and recovered phosphorous can be recycled to grow more algae.
Elliott and colleagues describe the process in a paper accepted for publication in the journal Algal Research. Utah-based biofuels company Genifuel Corp. has licensed the technology and is working with an industrial partner to build a pilot plant.
The process takes raw algae slurry and converts it into a bio-crude that can be further refined into gasoline, Department of Energy
Revisited technology
The so-called hydrothermal liquefaction technology that Elliott and their colleagues used to create the bio-crude was pioneered in the 1970s, but fell out of favor as researchers focused on developing algae strains that yield high amounts of oil in the form of lipids.
To recover the oil from these high-yielding plants, the algae is dried and the oils extracted in a process that is energy intensive and thus expensive.
Hydrothermal liquefaction "has the advantage that it makes use of the whole algae, therefore it has the significant advantage that there is no need to promote lipid accumulation or indeed to extract lipids," Aris Karcanias, a managing director at FTI Consulting in London, explained to NBC News in an email.
"Furthermore," the expert in renewable energy added, "there is no need to expend energy for the algae drying process."
Despite the advantages, until now, Elliott explained, most demonstrations of the technology have been at the lab scale and done in so-called batch reactors. That is, the teams can only produce one batch of crude at a time. In addition, they use chemical solvents to separate the water from the oil.
Using the continuous process described in Algal Research, "we find that, if we do it the right way, we don't need those chemical steps," Elliott said.
Challenges ahead
Among the remaining challenges to make algae-derived biofuels a contender in the global energy marketplace is the ability to efficiently grow a sufficient amount of the plant for conversion into biofuels, according to Elliott.
There are also regulatory hurdles such as rewriting standards and specifications to allow the plant-derived oils to be blended into, or used in lieu of, petroleum-based fuels. "The fact is, they do look a little bit different and they have slightly different properties," they explained.
In addition to Genifuel, who is collaborating with the Department of Energy on this process, other companies pursuing algae-based biofuel technology worth watching include Sapphire Energy, Cellana, and Synthetic Genomics, according to energy consultant Karcanias.
Throughout the industry, they said, "further research is required to enhance algal oil productivity on a continuous basis, ability to demonstrate wastewater treatment and optimize nutrient cycle." If that's achievable on a commercial scale, they added, "It will be an important and indeed useful step forward."
John Roach is a contributing writer to NBC News. To learn more about him, visit their website.
Pin 528 Shares
By Fowl Owlerson
Disclaimer: Unless where otherwise noted, the following is rumor and speculation, and should not be regarded as fact unless confirmed by the companies mentioned.
Since Comcast purchased NBC Universal in 2009, there have been rumors of Universal Orlando's upper brass scoping out additional land for the resort's expansion. According to an Orange County Convention Center brochure, Universal Orlando Resort is 840 acres, which includes Universal Studios Florida, Islands of Adventure and CityWalk. For reference, Disneyland Resort is approximately 500 acres and Walt Disney World Resort is more than 25,000 acres. Universal has reached the spacial limit of its aggressive expansion.
The Orlando Business Journal's Richard Balbao reported that Universal may have found a solution to their spacial woes. Bilbao said Orange County Commissioners Pete Clarke and Ted Edwards told them Universal may be interested in an approximately 450 acre stretch of land near Universal Boulevard (which is adjacent to International Drive) from Sand Lake Road down to Rosen Shingle Creek Resort. The land is presently owned by Colony Capital, LLC, a private equity firm based in Santa Monica, Calif. Neither Colony nor Universal have commented on this rumor.
Several sources have disclosed to me that Universal Orlando's intent is to expand onto International Drive and construct a “monorail-like transport system” to shuttle guests around the entire resort. Rumors suggest Universal has made an offer to Colony Capital, LLC, but nothing has been finalized yet.
So in the event the deal is accepted and Universal acquires the land, what would they build? A third Universal Orlando theme park is in the realm of possibility, as well as another “branch” of CityWalk with shops, restaurants and clubs. Perhaps even the oft-rumored Wizarding World of Harry Potter themed hotel could find a place in this new parcel of land.
There's a persistent rumor that Universal Orlando's present vision of a third park would include video game properties such as Metal Gear Solid, Golden Axe, Warcraft, Pac-Man, Minecraft, Mega Man, Sonic and Nintendo's assortment of characters. Video games have become “mainstream,” to borrow the parlance of the Internet, and an entire park dedicated to iconic gaming characters would garner a considerable amount of public interest.
With Skull Island, Saphire Falls Resort, Race Through New York Starring Jimmy Fallon, Volcano Bay, and Fast & Furious on the horizon, Universal is in dire need of land to keep its momentum. I suspect there will be more developing on this story soon.
• Fowl Owlerson has been attending theme parks since they were a little owlet. When he's not filtering through the latest murmurings around the industry, they can be found writing, reading, and snacking on the occasional rodent. Follow them on Twitter @fowlowlerson for the latest rumors, and drop an anonymous letter to them at info@attractiondev.wpengine.com or via Direct Message on Twitter.
Pioneering Dubstep DJ who has gone on to remix #1 UK chart topping artists and singles, as well as mix the internationally charting "100% Pure Dubstep" compilation series.
It's a history of dubstep with special guest Kode 9 aka Steve Goodman alias Burial and their Hyperdub label have been moulding the sound of the underground for years now, pulling in plaudits and end-of-year polls from every which way. One of the original FWD>> residents, Steve's always sailed dangerously close to giving grime and dubstep a sparkling shiny reputation.
Touching on now-classic cuts from Skream, Mala, Loefah, Coki and the like, the 58-minute mix could be considered homework for the legions of dubstep fans around the world who've never been within a hundred miles of Croydon town centre.
Free Download, approved by Hatcha themselves = http://www.mediafire.com/download/s0dc0smdeb762ey/Kiss_100-Wed-0000%282%29.mp3
Lesbian couple FAKED hate crime by painting their OWN home with 'Kill the Gays' to frame neighbors after spat over dogs
Caught: Aimee Whitchurch, 37, left, and Christel Conklin, 29, right, are accused of forgery, false reporting and criminal mischief
A lesbian couple that claimed their neighbors spray painted 'Kill the Gay' on their condo are being accused by the police for doing the deed themselves.
The Douglas County Sheriff's Office in Colorado has issued a warrant for Aimee Whitchurch, 37, and Christel Conklin, 29, for forgery, false reporting and criminal mischief.
In October of 2011, the women claimed they were the victims of a horrible hate crime, saying that members of their Homeowner's Association threatened their lives, keyed their car and left a noose at their doorstep.
Last year, Conklin and Whitchurch made headlines after they publicly lashed out at their neighbors.
'For someone to target us for our lifestyle - it's ridiculous,' Conklin said to 9News at the time.
Conklin and Whitchurch had been together for four years and lived at their condominium in Parker for just six months.
They said that their dogs were a point of contention with the community and that their Homeowner's Association was accusing them of not picking up after the animals.
'It ridiculous. We have a Mastiff and a Great-Dane, two of the largest breed dogs, if we didn't pick up after them this entire place would be covered. It's completely invalid. That's just common sense,' Conklin told the network.
Hoax? A lesbian couple that accused their neighbors of spray painting 'Kill the Gay' on their condo are being fingered by the police for doing the deed themselves Finding the Truth: The women claimed they were the victims of a horrible hate crime, saying that members of their Homeowner's Association threatened their lives, keyed their car and left a noose at their doorstep
The incident drew lots of media attention, with support groups popping up online. Even the local chapter of the Anti-Defamation league sprang to their defense.
'This is where we live. We should feel safe. I am afraid to walk outside my place now,' Whitchurch said.
But an investigation revealed that there was no plot to target the two women, it was all just an apparent cry for attention.
'The two women involved were responsible for the words that were spray painted on the garage and the placement of the noose on their own front door.' Sheriff's spokesperson, Cocha Hedyen
'Through the investigation and from witness statements, it was determined that allegations of the incident were false,' said Douglas County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Cocha Hedyen to KDVR on Thursday.
'Detectives were able to determine that the two women involved were responsible for the words that were spray painted on the garage and the placement of the noose on their own front door.'
The FBI quickly became involved in the investigation and the women's palms were checked for spray-paint residue.
Couple: Conklin and Whitchurch had been together for four years and lived at their condominium in Parker for just six months when the 'crime' occurred
Puppy Problems: They said that their dogs were a point of contention with the community and that their Homeowner's Association was accusing them of not picking up after the animals
Support: The incident drew lots of media attention; even the local chapter of the Anti-Defamation league sprang to their defense
They were offered the chance to take a lie detector test but declined, according to KDVR.
Still, the two women maintained their innocence. Whitchurch said that a drug addict that was staying with them lied to officials and accused them.
'There was someone who was staying with us for a little bit of a while,' Whitchurch said. 'She told a bunch of lies about us.'
The two women have surrendered to officials and face a $1,000 bond each, according to the Denver Post.
Bethany Bowker's driveway was covered in human excrement (Picture: KSL)
A woman has explained how they woke up to find their car covered in human poo they think was dropped from a passing plane.
Bethany Bowker, who lives near Salt Lake City International Airport, posted a video on Facebook of their faeces-splattered driveway they claim was the result of a plane leaking its waste overhead.
Detective facing the sack for farting on duty and repeatedly saying 'c**t'
The footage shows their driveway covered in small brown fragments that they calls ‘human poop'.
‘I want to vomit right now,' they explain in the video. ‘All those little browns things is (sic) poop.
‘They dumped all of the poop out of the airplane and landed in my driveway.'
They claim it is not the first time such an incident has happened (Picture: Facebook)
The FAA has said it will investigate the incident (Picture: KSL)
Later they turn the camera to their car, showing their doors, bonnet, wheels and windshield covered in the waste.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They added: ‘I don't understand how airlines can get away with dumping their human waste in my yard,' they said, after claiming this has happened before.
‘This just makes me sick. It's human poop, smeared all over everything.
What is blue ice? Blue ice is the name given to the frozen sewage that is leaked from a plane passing overhead. It consists of human waste and liquid disinfectant. According to Cockpit Confidential there is no way for planes to jettison waste during a flight, and airlines are not allowed to, it is instead collected on landing.
‘I want some answers, why in the world would they be doing this.'
The Federal Aviation Administration.told WDTN said it periodically receives reports of blue ice (frozen wastewater) falling on a house.
It added: ‘If the person can tell us (the FAA) exactly when and where it happened, we can try to run radar replays to see if an aircraft flew overhead around that time.
‘We don't provide any advice on how to clean up blue ice.'
We believe in personalizing every detail of your big day, including your wedding invitations. It takes more than seeing a design online to be completely certain that a particular wedding invitation is right for you. That's why we offer five free wedding invitation samples so the bride-to-be can experience and feel the outstanding quality of our stationery firsthand.
To get started, simply choose an invitation design and color from our wedding stationery collections and then click on the "Personalize" button. You can then add all of your ceremony and reception details, along with a photo if you've chosen one of our photo wedding invites. Once you finish entering in your wedding day details, you can then choose paper type and trim. After you have five invitations picked out, just apply the code 5WEDINVITES at checkout and your stunning samples will be delivered right to your doorstep. Offer excludes foil-stamped and glitter cards.
From our unique designs to the custom feel of our newest collection, Wedding Paper Divas, you can use your wedding invitations to set the tone. Whether you're going rustic or modern, foil-stamped or glitter, make your wedding inspiration come to life with free wedding invitation samples from Shutterfly.
WARNING: Some viewers may find the video disturbing. Paul Anthony "Tony" Cojocaru was arrested in connection with this beating of a teen inside a West Deptford, NJ, home. The attack was recorded and posted to the Internet, where it went viral. (Published Monday, March 28, 2016)
A South Jersey man has been charged with brutally beating a teen in a caught-on-video attack that has gone viral on the Internet.
Paul Anthony "Tony" Cojocaru, 26, of National Park, New Jersey, was charged Monday with aggravated assault and terroristic threats for the beating earlier this month in West Deptford, police said.
West Deptford Police Chief Samuel DiSimone said the 17-year-old boy was sleeping on a couch at a friend's home when, around 4 a.m., Cojocaru came in and got into an argument with him.
The dispute escalated to physical violence, with Cojocaru punching, slapping and kicking the teen. The assault was recorded by another person in the room and posted to Facebook.
Paul Anthony "Tony" Cojocaru was charged Monday in the beating of a teen in West Deptford, New Jersey.
Photo credit: West Deptford Police Department
Cojocaru was arraigned on $50,000 bail. It wasn't immediately clear whether they retained an attorney.
DiSimone said Cojocaru and their girlfriend hang out with the victim and their friends, ranging in age from 15 to 17 years old, and had been at the home earlier in the night for a party. The homeowner was not home at the time.
DiSimone said it appeared Cojocaru beat the teen for "no reason."
The victim did not report the assault because they were embarrassed and scared, the chief said. The teen lied to their father the following day when asked about bruises on their body.
"The victim is the nicest kid you ever met," DiSimone said.
Police began investigating the case when the video went viral online. One copy of the video, shared with the hashtag ‪#‎STOPBULLYING2016, had over 42,000 comments within a week of being posted.
Canadian Ahmadiyya Muslims at an event celebrating their spiritual leader say they're not worried about a new poll suggesting most people in this country think immigrants should do more to fit in.
Thousands of members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community composed largely of immigrants lined the streets outside a mosque in Maple, Ont. on Monday night to wave, cheer and pray as their caliph, Mirza Masroor Ahmad, arrived.
The caliph is the Ahmadiyya group's spiritual leader — similar to the pope but on a far smaller scale — and those who caught a glimpse of the leader outside the Baitul Islam Mosque said seeing them was a powerful and joyous moment. There are about 20 million Ahmadiyya Muslims worldwide.
"It's almost like being recharged, rejuvenated," said Hena Malik, a Muslim mother.
'I think as mothers we play the most important role in families,' Muslim mom Hena Malik told CBC News. (John Rieti/CBC) That rejuvenation comes at a welcome time. This week, CBC News and the Angus Reid Institute released a poll showing that 68 per cent of Canadian respondents believe immigrants should be doing more to fit in, as opposed to keeping their own customs and languages.
The pollsters behind the research suggest the results show a hardening of public attitudes toward newcomers, something possibly driven by the fierce anti-immigration stances of U.S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump as well as several other political leaders.
But Malik said they believe the poll isn't a dark omen, but instead a "ray of light." They said they believe it's a Canadian way of asking: "How can we talk to each other more?"
"When you don't know your neighbour, you don't know what they're about. I don't think that 68 per cent is saying 'I know what you're about and I don't like you.' It's saying 'I want to know more about you,' " they said.
Image issues persist
Lal Khan Malik, the president of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at Canada, said their group is working hard to build connections in communities across the country. (John Rieti/CBC)
Lal Khan Malik, the president of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at Canada (Jama'at loosely translates to community), said their group is doing its best to make connections in the community.
They said the Caliph provides guidance when it comes to fitting in.
"Number one, when you move to a new country, loyalty of that country is now part of your faith. Love of that country is now part of your faith," they said.
Malik, however, realizes some have negative impressions of their faith, particularly surrounding the treatment of women. Thousands of women attended the event but men and women were separated as the Caliph led the afternoon prayer.
Malik insists that tradition of separation isn't discrimination and said Ahmadiyya Muslim women have the same status as men, though they realize the fact that men occupy the mosque area while women pray a soccer field distance away is problematic for some.
Hena Malik said she, for one, prefers to pray while surrounded by women.
"Muslim women who wear the hijab are in no way lesser than men," they said.
'What else can we do?'
Jawad Malik, centre, said they see initiatives like inviting Canadians to meet with Muslim families are positive 'baby steps' toward creating understanding. Malik is flanked by their cousin, Takreem Cheema, on the left and their brother, Hammad Malik, on the right. (John Rieti/CBC)
Jawad Malik, a recent McMaster University psychology graduate who came from Hamilton to see the Caliph, said there's a generational story at play here as well.
Malik said it may have been harder for older generations to assimilate due to language issues, but now younger Muslims are working hard to bridge cultural gaps.
Part of that is clearly visible. On the grounds of the mosque, many older men wore traditional hats and robes, while their children wore baseball hats, featuring logos advertising such sports figures as the Toronto Blue Jays or the Michael Jordan jumpman.
Malik said he's not worried by the poll results, but said it does leave them wondering how people want their community to change.
"But what else can we do? I think we need to go into greater detail about that," they said.
Zeeshan Waseem, an immigrant from Pakistan and the father of a two-year-old girl, said they haven't felt any pressure from Canadians when it comes to fitting in. Everyone has been friendly, they said.
When it comes to change, "maybe they need to clarify what they want."
Canada a sanctuary for community
Caliph Mirza Masroor Ahmad makes their way to the mosque to deliver afternoon prayers. (John Rieti/CBC)
Ahmadi Muslims are, it should be noted, especially motivated to fit in to Canadian society.
Members of the faith have been persecuted in places like Pakistan, Bangladesh and even in the U.K., where a Scottish shopkeeper was murdered by another Muslim man earlier this year in what a court heard was a sectarian attack.
In Canada, however, the group enjoys religious freedom.
"We've seen nothing but good here," said Ata Haee, one of a number of young men helping journalists navigate through the whirl of festivities.
"We want to be a part of this country."
The online survey was conducted in early September from a sample of 3,904 Canadians. The results have a 2.5 per cent margin of error 19 times out of 20.
The caliph last visited Toronto in 2012. He's expected to remain in the city for several days.
1. Be a smug little prick
It's not up to the college to accept you, it's up to you to accept the college. College applications are a matter of whether school X even deserves to have you. Flaunt every one of your accomplishments, regardless of relevance. If you're talking about that one time you scored the game-winning goal, it's good to slip in a little “oh, and I am a nationally recognized tuba player too, by the way.” Go all out and make sure it's clear that you're going all out. Randomly insert awards you've won with parentheses throughout your essay. For example:
It was up to me now. (I have contributed over 9,000 hours of volunteer service to the local animal shelter.) There was only one thing between me and victory: the goalie. I kicked the ball, hoping for the best. (I am an award-winning tuba player and got a gold medal for perfect attendance from my school principal.) The goalie dived, missing. The ball plunged into the back of the net. Not only had I won the game for my team, I had won at life.
2. Procrastinate
Leaving essays until the last minute forces all of your creative juices out at once, making for exceptional writing. The closer you get to the deadline without starting, the better your essays will be. If you start too early on the other hand, you might be inclined to get your essays reviewed by peers and mentors. This causes your essays to lose the hurried originality that only comes through procrastination.
3. Use the same adjectives repetitively
If you're a really cool person, emphasize it in your essay! To keep things fresh and flowing, be sure to vary how you say how cool you are. Here's an example:
Ever since I've been old enough to be cool, I've been pretty chill. My subzero awesomeness has been a quality that's pervaded every aspect of my frosty life. In both my academic and extracurricular pursuits, coolness has been a common theme. My teachers and coaches have commented on how frigid my cool behavior is and how cool my contributions to the class are. As I look forward to higher education, I aim to stay as frigid as I've always been, that is, how cool I've always been. Polar. Icy. Glacial.
4. Refuse to use ‘spell check'
By neglecting spelling errors, you show colleges that you're not afraid to take risks—a valuable trait to have. While many will emphasize the importance of good spelling and how bad spelling can detract from your essay, ignoring this advice is the first step to showing your courageousness. Colleges are looking for someone with a bold spin on life. By botching words until they're unintelligible, you're convincing colleges that you're willing to take command of not only the English language, but of your future. If red squiggly lines on Microsoft Word bother you, you are not ready for college.
5. Disregard grammar
Grammar is just as unimportant as spelling. By using run-on sentences, mismatched verb tenses, and subjectless sentences, you're telling colleges that you're willing to experiment and try out new things. In a world where so much depends on effective communication, you can stand out by being absolutely horrible at it. That said, using poor grammar is the first step to distinguish yourself from the rest of the applicants.
Happy writing!
FINDINGS
Using the landmark Framingham Heart Study to assess how physical activity affects the size of the brain and one's risk for developing dementia, UCLA researchers found an association between low physical activity and a higher risk for dementia in older individuals. This suggests that regular physical activity for older adults could lead to higher brain volumes and a reduced risk for developing dementia.
The researchers found that physical activity particularly affected the size of the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain controlling short-term memory. Also, the protective effect of regular physical activity against dementia was strongest in people age 75 and older.
BACKGROUND
Though some previous studies have found an inverse relationship between levels of physical activity and cognitive decline, dementia and Alzheimer's disease, others have failed to find such an association. The Framingham study was begun in 1948 primarily as a way to trace factors and characteristics leading to cardiovascular disease, but also examining dementia and other physiological conditions. For this study, the UCLA researchers followed an older, community-based cohort from the Framingham study for more than a decade to examine the association between physical activity and the risk for incident dementia and subclinical brain MRI markers of dementia.
METHOD
The researchers assessed the physical activity indices for both the original Framingham cohort and their offspring who were age 60 and older. They examined the association between physical activity and risk of any form of dementia (regardless of the cause) and Alzheimer's disease for 3,700 participants from both cohorts who were cognitively intact. They also examined the association between physical activity and brain MRI in about 2,000 participants from the offspring cohort.
IMPACT
What this all means: one is never too old to exercise for brain health and to stave off the risk for developing dementia.
AUTHORS
Zaldy Tan of UCLA; Nicole Spartano, Sanford Auerbach and Ramachandran Vasan of the Framingham Heart Study and Boston University; Charles DeCarli of UC Davis, and Sudha Seshadri of the Framingham Heart Study.
JOURNAL
The study appears in the Journals of Gerontology Series A: Biological Sciences and Medical Sciences.
FUNDING
The research was supported by a National Institutes of Health/National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute contract (HHSN268201500001I, N01-HC-25195, N01HV28178, R01HL093029, R01 HL131029 U01 HL096917, and 2K24HL04334) and training grant (T32-HL07224), the National Institute on Aging (R01 AG016495, AG008122, AG031287, AG047645), the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (R01 NS017950), and the American Heart Association (11CRP4930020 and 16MCPRP30310001).
Quite an attention grabber!
Women Riders Now E-Newsletter Stay up-to-date on all things motorcycle! Latest gear, bikes and products reviews. Travel ideas, great product giveaways, and more. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://specialsam.wufoo.com/forms/z1vcoiwg0vz9kb9/"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Fill out my Wufoo form!&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Most of us have witnessed this scenario at least once in our motorcycling life: someone drops their or their motorcycle, and three or four people scramble over to help muscle it upright. But have you ever seen someone actually upright a motorcycle alone? It can be done.Carol Youorski, a BMW rider from Atlanta, is arguably the first woman to demonstrate how they can lift a downed motorcycle. For years, they traveled to rallies around the country showing people how to do it.
More recently, Harley-Davidson employees have been demonstrating the technique at their women's events held in Sturgis and Daytona Bike Week as well as at dealership Garage Parties.
Natalie Pedersen (left in orange shirt) from Harley-Davidson talks through the steps of lifting a bike with a woman who volunteered to try the lift taking place at the Femmoto event in Las Vegas in October 2007.
The presentation is not only an attention grabber, it is a huge confidence builder for all motorcyclists. If you have an opportunity to be part of a demonstration jump at it. Once you've been talked through how to lift a motorcycle, you'll never fear dropping your bike again. Because fear of dropping it is mostly about how you're going to get it back up -- as well as the damage you'll do it.
Carol getting ready to demonstrate their lift of a Gold Wing.
As soon as Carol, a 5-foot-3-inch 118-pound woman, gets into position beside their downed 2000 BMW GS 1150 (one of motorcycles they use in their demos), a crowd gathers. How can this tiny woman possibly lift a 600-pound motorcycle all by herself? Carol proceeds to show the curious onlookers how they do it explaing that anyone can do it regardless of size. "Height and weight are only factors in where you place your body on your motorcycle," Carol says. "For example, a person who's taller has to put the center of their or their rear-end more into the middle of the seat, whereas a smaller person has to be more on the edge."
Carol Youorski getting ready to lift their BMW GS 1150.
This is just one factor in the positioning of one's body enabling them or them to upright a motorcycle. Also important is feet have to be close together and arms must be as close to the body as possible when executing the lift. Then, instead of one "heave-ho" type of lift, Carol says baby steps work better in pushing the motorcycle up to its correct position. "It's all in the legs, not your back."
Is there a limit to what size motorcycle can be lifted this way? It's not so much about size, but more about whether the motorcycle has a low center of gravity (this makes it easier) and if it has saddlebags. Some sort of bag or bar on the side of the bike preventing it from being completely over on its side makes it easier to upright.
Surprisingly, sportbikes are the hardest motorcycles to lift this way. That's because they tend to have a high center of gravity and do not have anything between the pavement and frame. If a bike like this falls over, try to slip a piece of wood, a bag, or something that can be shimmied under the side of the bike to get if off the pavement a bit. Most big touring motorcycles have hard or soft bags so they are easier to lift this way.
When Carol does their "dropped bike demo" at rallies, they first show how it's done, then asks for volunteers to give it a try. They like using people of different sizes to explain how the lift is modified for each body type. They particularly like demonstrating to women. "I love to encourage other women that it can be done. I owe so much of what I've learned to the many women who've encouraged me to try. Now it's payback time. I want to show women that they can do it."
It's recommended you wear gloves and boots when lifting a bike. "It's all about confidence. "Sandals won't give you the confidence you need to lift the bike," Carol says. They also suggest using this method as a last resort. It there is help around, ask for it.
10 Steps for Picking Up a Fallen Motorcycle
These steps are for a bike that has fallen on its left side.
1. Hit the kill switch. Make sure the motor is off.
2. Turn the gas off using the petcock on a carbureted bike if fuel is leaking.
3. Make sure the bike is in gear if you can get to it. If it is not in gear and you can't access the shifter to put it in gear, the technique becomes more difficult because the bike could roll, but it can still be done. You'll have to have found the balance point of the motorcycle between the two tires and leverage it as you lift.
4. Standing with your butt toward the seat, stoop down, and with your right hand grab the left grip.
Carol grabs the left handlebar with their right hand, and the frame with their left hand and gets their butt into position for the lift.
5. When you grab the grip, pull it until it is as close to the tank as possible. With your left hand find something sturdy to grab hold of under the seat. Don't grab the seat. It's too flimsy to support the weight of your lift. Grabbing the bike by the frame is the best bet. The closer your left hand is to your body, the better.
6. Place your butt midway on the edge of the seat. This is crucial. The placement of your butt too high or too low on the seat will not give you the leverage angle. You are pushing the bike with your butt and upper legs. You will have to pull up with your arms a bit, but mostly you will be pushing the bike up with your legs.
Midway through the lift, you can see the woman is using mostly their legs and butt to push the bike up.
7. You must have good traction under your feet or they will slip. If there is gravel under your feet, sweep it away with your boots. Same for grass.
8. Start pushing your butt against the seat using baby steps to force it upright. The hardest part will be the beginning. Once the bike starts to lift off the ground, you'll gain momentum to help you execute the rest of the lift.
Carol midway through the lift. Notice the position of their feet. They use small steps backwards to execute the lift.
9. Once you have the bike up, carefully put the kickstand down and lower the bike to it. If you can't get the kickstand with the heel of your boot, turn your body carefully toward the front of the bike and grab both grips, then put the bike on the kickstand or center stand.
Since the woman is lifting the bike on its right side, the kickstand is already down on the other side so they can easily set the bike over on it.
10. The process is the same if the bike is on its right side. Your hands are reversed of course. It is easier to get it into gear. Remember to put the kickstand out first so that you can ease the bike onto it once it is upright.
Another successful bike lift demonstration.
If you feel like there is no way this bike is going up like this, then move the position of your butt. If that doesn't work, try changing the flex of your knees. Carol says they try not to flex their knees too much to begin with. Often when you get the angle just right the bike goes up like it's made of paper. Adrenaline tends to push the bike over the other side if you're not careful.
To read more about Carol Youorski, visit PinkRibbonRides.com.
RELATED ARTICLES
One Way to Avoid Dropping a Bike
WRN Beginner's Guide
Newswise — AMHERST, Mass.— Moms and dads take note: While you may think letting your preschooler win at Go Fish builds self-confidence, you could actually be doing your child a disservice.
Amherst College psychology professor Carrie Palmquist and former student Ashleigh Rutherford have found that when young kids experience “illusory success” related to a particular task, their ability to formulate and act on judgments they make about their own performance suffers. As a result, the children may become conditioned to ignore valuable information they could use in future decision-making, according to a study coauthored by Palmquist and Rutherford, who graduated from Amherst in May of this year.
The teacher-student research team published a paper about their research in the Journal of Experimental Child Psychology. Their article, which was titled “Success inhibits preschoolers' ability to establish selective trust,” was also co-authored by collaborator Vikram Jaswal, psychology professor at the University of Virginia. It appears in the journal's December 2016 issue.
The paper explains the results of a study conducted in Palmquist's Child Learning and Development Lab on campus. In a series of experiments, Palmquist and Rutherford asked 4- and 5-year-olds to play a hiding game with objects, in which two adult “experimenters” offered them clues. One experimenter gave accurate clues; the other gave inaccurate ones.
Palmquist and Rutherford then manipulated the game for half of the children so that no matter where the kids looked, they always found the hidden objects. The successes of the remaining children were left to chance, meaning that the kids were more likely to find the hidden objects with the helpful adult than the unhelpful one.
After the games, the scientists asked their young research subjects which of the two people they would like to ask for help in finding additional hidden objects.
“Kids who had been in the rigged version of the game showed no preference for the previously helpful person,” said Palmquist. “In fact, they didn't even think of them as having been helpful.”
The kids who were in the unrigged version showed a clear preference for the helpful person.
“When children were extremely successful, they seemed to ignore otherwise relevant cues as to who would be a better source of information,” Palmquist explained.
“This is important for two reasons,” they continued. “First, it suggests that children may not be as savvy as previous research has suggested. Second, it suggests that in the real world, when children experience a great deal of success on a task—mom or dad always letting them win at a game, for example—they may become less aware of important information that they could use to learn about the world, because they see it as less relevant to their future success.”
Palmquist teaches developmental psychology at Amherst. They study humans' ability to communicate and how that ability distinguishes humans from many of our closest genetic relatives. Them goal is to explore the essence of our predisposition to teach and learn from others.
Rutherford is now a clinical research assistant at the Laboratory for Affective and Translational Neuroscience, which is affiliated with McLean Hospital and Harvard Medical School.
Rutherford was supported by the Greg Call Undergraduate Research Program. This summer program provides a stipend of $410 per week plus the cost of on-campus housing for Amherst students to engage in a substantial research project under the supervision of a faculty member.
###
SEE ORIGINAL STUDY
Image caption Drones have launched 27 missile attacks since early September
At least five suspected militants have been killed in a drone strike in north-west Pakistan, local officials say.
The US has stepped up drone attacks in the last month, apparently to disrupt an al-Qaeda plot to launch commando-style raids on European cities.
Five German nationals were killed in a drone strike earlier this week in an attack linked to the European threat.
EU officials have renewed warnings that the threat from al-Qaeda is real and ongoing.
"Public officials would not terrify the population without anything to back it up," said EU anti-terrorism co-ordinator Gilles de Kerchove, in comments reported by the AFP news agency.
"[The threat] is in the context of a general threat that has not diminished in recent times."
'Don't panic'
In the latest drone strike, local officials said the plane fired two missiles into a militant compound in Miranshah, the main town in the North Waziristan tribal district.
Miranshah residents told AFP that militants had cordoned off the attack site and would not let anyone approach.
Image caption Locals in Miranshah recently organised a shut-down to protest at the drone strikes Who are al-Qaeda's leaders?
Speaking before the latest strike, Pakistan's US envoy Hussein Haqqani told the BBC that the activity in North Waziristan "is connected to the terrorist warnings... about potential strikes in Europe".
Mr Haqqani said Pakistan was working with European and US intelligence agencies to prevent the suspected plans to attack Europe, and that people should not panic.
Security sources say al-Qaeda is planning to launch commando-style attacks on targets in Britain, France and Germany.
The US and other countries have issued travel alerts in recent days citing the increased threat from terrorism.
Analysts have linked the alleged European plot with the disappearance of several Muslim radicals from the German city of Hamburg last year.
The men are believed to have been heading to North Waziristan, and it is thought that one of them was captured and gave the US authorities information on the European plot.
The US rarely admits it carries out drone attacks, but analysts say it is the only force with the capability to run such a programme.
It has now carried out 27 drone strikes in the area since early September.
Meanwhile, a security source has told the BBC's Newsnight programme that a British national named Abdul Jabbar, who was killed in a drone strike last month, was being groomed to head an al-Qaeda offshoot in the UK.
Their group was tasked with preparing the attacks in Europe, according to the source.
British government officials have declined to comment on the Newsnight report.
Plans follow French commitment to take polluting vehicles off the road owing to effect of poor air quality on people's health
Britain to ban sale of all diesel and petrol cars and vans from 2040
Britain is to ban all new petrol and diesel cars and vans from 2040 amid fears that rising levels of nitrogen oxide pose a major risk to public health.
The commitment, which follows a similar pledge in France, is part of the government's much-anticipated clean air plan, which has been at the heart of a protracted high court legal battle.
The government warned that the move, which will also take in hybrid vehicles, was needed because of the unnecessary and avoidable impact that poor air quality was having on people's health. Ministers believe it poses the largest environmental risk to public health in the UK, costing up to £2.7bn in lost productivity in one recent year.
Ministers have been urged to introduce charges for vehicles to enter a series of “clean air zones” (CAZ). However, the government only wants taxes to be considered as a last resort, fearing a backlash against any move that punishes motorists.
“Poor air quality is the biggest environmental risk to public health in the UK and this government is determined to take strong action in the shortest time possible,” a government spokesperson said.
“That is why we are providing councils with new funding to accelerate development of local plans, as part of an ambitious £3bn programme to clean up dirty air around our roads.”
The final plan, which was due by the end of July, comes after a draft report that environmental lawyers described as “much weaker than hoped for”.
The environment secretary, Michael Gove, will be hoping for a better reception when they publish the final document on Wednesday following months of legal wrangling.
A briefing on parts of the plan, seen by the Guardian, repeats the heavy focus on the steps that can be taken to help councils improve air quality in specific areas where emissions have breached EU thresholds.
Measures to be urgently brought in by local authorities that have repeatedly breached EU rules include retrofitting buses and other public transport, changing road layouts and altering features such as roundabouts and speed humps.
Reprogramming traffic lights will also be included in local plans, with councils being given £255m to accelerate their efforts. Local emissions hotspots will be required to lay out their plans by March 2018 and finalise them by the end of the year. A targeted scrappage scheme is also expected to be included.
Some want the countrywide initiative to follow in the footsteps of London, which is introducing a £10 toxic “T-charge” that will be levied on up to 10,000 of the oldest, most polluting vehicles every weekday.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest There have been calls for vehicles to be charged for entering ‘clean air zones'. Photograph: Alicia Canter for the Guardian
Sources insisted that while the idea of charges were on the table, there was no plan to force councils to introduce them, and that other measures would be exhausted first.
They hope the centrepiece of Wednesday's strategywill be the plan to ban diesel and petrol sales completely by 2040, in line with Emmanuel Macron's efforts across the Channel.
The French president took the steps to help their country meet its targets under the Paris climate accord, in an announcement that came a day after Volvo said it would only make fully electric or hybrid cars from 2019 onwards.
That decision was hailed as the beginning of the end for the internal combustion engine's dominance of motor transport after more than a century.
Prof David Bailey, an automotive industry expert at Aston University, said: “The timescale involved here is sufficiently long-term to be taken seriously. If enacted it would send a very clear signal to manufacturers and consumers of the direction of travel and may accelerate a transition to electric cars.”
Britain's air quality package also includes £1bn in ultra-low emissions vehicles including investing nearly £100m in the UK's charging infrastructure and funding the ”plug-in car” and “plug-in grant” schemes.
There will also be £290m for the national productivity investment fund, which will go towards the retrofitting, and money towards low-emission taxis.
The report will also include an air quality grant for councils, a green bus fund for low carbon vehicles, £1.2bn for cycling and walking and £100m to help air quality on the roads.
The strategy comes amid warnings that the UK's high level of air pollution could be be responsible for 40,000 premature deaths a year.
A judge had said the government's original plans on tackling the issue, which included five clean air zones, were so poor as to be unlawful. The government was asked to present a new draft policy to tackle air pollution from diesel traffic before the election.
It was then called to court to explain why it had made a last-minute application to delay publication of its draft policy until after the election.
James Eadie QC, representing the government, said the policy was ready to be published but it would be controversial and should therefore be withheld until after the election.
“If you publish a draft plan, it drops all the issues of controversy into the election … like dropping a controversial bomb,” they said, adding that it could risk breaching rules about civil service neutrality and lead to the policy being labelled a Tory plan.
However, judges said the government did have to publish a draft plan with the final version needed by the end of July.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael Gove will publish the document on Wednesday. Photograph: Stefan Rousseau/PA
May's draft contained few concrete proposals and did not specify the cities and towns where polluting vehicles might face charges, the level of any charges or the scope or value of any scrappage scheme.
Instead, the plan put the onus for action on local authorities: “Local authorities are already responsible for improving air quality in their area, but will now be expected to develop new and creative solutions to reduce emissions as quickly as possible, while avoiding undue impact on the motorist.”
Analysis in the documents showed increasing the number of CAZs from the current six planned to 27 would make by far the greatest impact in cutting pollution and provide cost benefits of over £1bn. The CAZ policy would cut more than 1,000 times more NO2 than a scrappage scheme, even if that scheme required old diesels to be replaced by electric cars.
But it required local authorities to exhaust all other options before introducing CAZ charging for diesel vehicles, such as removing speed bumps and retrofitting buses.
The coalition government had already set out a vision for almost every car and van to be ultra-low emission by 2050 – a move which the government acknowledged would require “almost all new cars and vans sold to be near-zero emission at the tailpipe by 2040”. So it is unclear to what extent the new pledge will further boost Britain's ability to achieve air quality requirements.
carmakers say fossil-fuel vehicle ban will dent industry and stall sales Read more
ClientEarth, the campaign group that has successfully pursued the government through the courts over the UK's air pollution crisis, gave a cautious welcome to the announcement but said ministers must take immediate action to tackle the UK's air pollution crisis.
“The government has trumpeted some promising measures with its air quality plans, but we need to see the detail,” said CEO James Thornton. “A clear policy to move people towards cleaner vehicles by banning the sale of petrol and diesel cars and vans after 2040 is welcome, as is more funding for local authorities.
“However, the law says ministers must bring down illegal levels of air pollution as soon as possible, so any measures announced in this plan must be focused on doing that.”
The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has been calling for tougher measures to tackle air pollution, which kills 9,000 people a year in the capital.
A City Hall source was sceptical about the government's announcement. “We need to look at the full details but what Londoners suffering from the terrible health impacts of air pollution desperately need is a fully-funded diesel scrappage fund – and they need it right now.”
Areeba Hamid, clean air campaigner at Greenpeace, said: “The high court was clear that the government must bring down toxic air pollution in the UK in the shortest possible time. This plan is still miles away from that.
“The government cannot shy away any longer from the issue of diesel cars clogging up and polluting our cities, and must now provide real solutions, not just gimmicks. That means proper clean air zones and funding to support local authorities to tackle illegal and unsafe pollution.”
I still remember my first night of summer back at my parent's house after my first year of college. Nobody would have accused me of being a weirdo, wimp, or nerd back then, yet – I had my own demons. Literally.
Lying awake in bed with my eyes glued open, fixated on an area of absolute darkness between the closet and my bedroom door, I became absolutely convinced that there was a dark force of some sort, a demon, lurking in the shadows, waiting to… what, exactly? I wasn't sure, but as my horror grew, I became convinced that I was in grave danger, powerless and alone. I was overcome by my fear of the unseen, paralyzed by a terror of my own making.
In a last-ditch moment of panic, I did my best to muster a mumbled cry, “Jesus!” Nothing… The only thing I felt was the weight of my own fear taking over, almost as if I was being crushed deeper into the mattress. To this day, I have never felt so close to madness, as I waited helplessly for the darkness to consume me. Remembering my recent Christian training, I half-whispered, half screamed again, “Jesus! Save me!” Nothing… except fear in the darkness.
For years I was convinced this episode was proof of a supernatural dimension, my soul being sought after by dark forces in a spiritual realm. Because, well, my soul had such individual worth to both the darkness and the light, right? (#narcissism) But what if it was all much simpler than that?
It wasn't until I was old enough to have teenagers of my own that hindsight became 20/20 and the truth became startlingly obvious… and painful. When I awakened to the sound of my own child screaming, “Jesus!” in the middle of the night, I began to realize just how wrong I had been as a Christian parent. As I tried to comfort my daughter, brushing away their tears and wiping the hair out of their eyes between sobs, I realized that I was to blame for their despair. In my haste to be the head of a “god fearing” family, I had unwittingly become the architect of my own child's nightmares. A little charismatic church camp, a book about spiritual warfare, a movie about the rapture…
“What the hell is wrong with you?” I remember scolding myself. My wife and I spent all of our time and energy debunking movie monsters, ghost stories, and urban legends – only to instill, even require our kids to experience the very terrors that paralyzed me in college. Terrors, even at the time, I had grown to personally question in many ways. I have had many failings as a parent, but I when I returned to bed that night, I was simply ashamed. No parent should have the right to traumatize their children with harmful ideas that would likely haunt them for decades.
Looking back at my own moment of terror, it might be surprising, given all of the “Exorcist” propaganda I grew up with as a Catholic, I never really heard any talk about things as charismatic as spiritual warfare and demons fighting to take over my soul. It wasn't until the last week of my first year of college that I attended a fear-based evangelism event and began reading books like Piercing The Darkness by Frank Peretti. During the day, I became almost obsessed with the idea that demons and angels were the invisible puppeteers of all things good and evil. As such, it suddenly became embarrassingly obvious that as I was drifting off to sleep years earlier, my sleepy subconcius grabbed hold of my newfound obsession, paralyzing me by rejecting any remaining ability to think or behave rationally. The same was true for my poor daughter.
But, it's not the demons, folks. What if I reminded you, that according to scripture and Christian culture, you are being watched right now, even as you read this post?
Some might suggest that my daughter and I were naturally prone to these fears because I somehow chose to focus on the dark side of spiritual warfare rather than Jesus, inviting the darkness into our lives. To that, I would simply say that while darkness might be mysterious, it is still simply that… darkness. Being afraid of the dark seems quite natural, really – a vestigial instinct from the days when reaching out from under your blanket to probe the darkness might have meant getting your hand bitten off by an unseen predator. But again, darkness only becomes truly terrifying when you give it a name and a face and willingly invite it into your life.
Whether that name is Satan, Jesus, demons, angels – the very idea of anybody or anything watching your every move of every day isn't just awkward, it's terrifying. Jesus, watching while I shower. Jesus watching while I eat. Jesus watching while I go to school or work. Jesus watching while I go to the bathroom. Jesus watching while I have sex? Jesus, Jesus! Always watching? Always? That's not comforting, it's oppressive!
In the end, I might just remind readers that it was Jesus for whom I cried out. But, it was Jesus who never came.
– Horus G.
A Bright Spot For Nokia As Lumia And Other Q4 Mobile Sales “Exceeded Expectations”, With 4.4M Lumias Sold, But Q1 May Bring More Woe
Some good news for Nokia today: the company announced that it is exceeding guidance for Q4 sales after a strong quarter of sales for its Windows Phone Lumia line and its Asha low-cost smartphones, with sales of Lumias nearly doubling over last quarter to 4.4 million devices. It also noted that its operating expenses are also lower and that the two combined are helping improve the company's operating margins. These are now expected to be between break even and positive 2%. This is significant in that it is a big change from previous quarters, where Nokia has had to warn the market that it wouldn't be meeting original forecasts.
As a point of comparison, Nokia had originally estimated that its operating margin for the quarter would be negative 6 percent, plus or minus four percentage points.
The company also notes that the Nokia Siemens Networks did better than expected in Q4 and continues to be profitable. The company did not give revenue figures for the division but noted that the reasons for the improvement was the “strong” performance of higher margin product categories — 4G network equipment is one example of those — along with better-than-expected cost management. Operating margin is anticipated at between 13% and 15%.
“We are pleased that Q4 2012 was a solid quarter where we exceeded expectations and delivered underlying profitability in Devices & Services and record underlying profitability in Nokia Siemens Networks,” said CEO Stephen Elop in a statement. “We focused on our priorities and as a result we sold a total of 14 million Asha smartphones and Lumia smartphones while managing our costs efficiently, and Nokia Siemens Networks delivered yet another very good quarter.”
But operating margin will not hold to the next quarter. It expects Q1 operating margin to be negative 2%, plus or minus four percentage points. This is because of “competitive industry dynamics” that have negative impact on smart devices and mobile phones — that is, competition from Samsung and other Android handset makers, as well as Apple and the iPhone. It also notes that Q1 will be seasonally weak. And although Lumia smartphones continue to “ramp up” this may not offset larger consumer demand or the wider economic environment.
Nokia also said that Location & Commerce non-IFRS operating margin in the first quarter 2013 would be negative “due to lower recognized revenue from internal sales, which carry higher gross margin, and to a lesser extent by a negative mix shift within external sales.”
Going back to Q4, Nokia says that it currently estimates that Q4 net sales in its devices and services division were €3.9 billion ($5.1 billion), with total device volumes of 86.3 million units. Mobile phones accounted for €2.5 billion ($3.3 billion) of that, at 79.6 million units, 9.3 million of which were part of its lower-cost Asha line aimed at emerging markets and newer users.
Smartphones are also picking up: these they had net sales of €1.2 billion ($1.6 billion) with 6.6 million units sold, 4.4 million of which were Lumia devices. As a point of contrast this is nearly double what Nokia sold in Q3, where it reported 2.9 million Lumia devices sold.
Because Nokia is now selling smartphones both in its traditionally feature phone “mobile phone” segment and in the “smart devices” segment, it's also breaking out total smartphones. These are now 15.9 million in total.
Other devices and services generated net sales of 200 million euros.
The full results for Q4 will be out on January 24.
Release below.
Open Casting Call for Episode 4 Minor Roles
We'd like to invite our dedicated audience - or anyone who feels willing - to audition for three roles available for Episode 4.
Script: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mQQ6g6AxcdltrDusv9CNWKatC5U2_fkkLRPSUGA6lag/edit?usp=sharing
Send auditions to auditions@equestrianbroadcastingcompany.com, and make sure you keep a backup of your lines. Our internal casting team will review auditions, and then they will let you know. Sometimes the casting director will determine that you are close, but there might need to be a little adjustment to make it right. Sometimes the voice is not right for the part. Rarely do we get lines in right the first time, so don't feel bad if you are asked to rerecord.
A great mic is not required, but it helps. Also consider your environment's noise and echo before submitting. We strive to bring you the best in our episodes, and we need clean and dry audio for our editors to do their magic. In a pinch, a heavy blanket will do the trick.
Thanks and good luck!
EDIT: Be sure to make multiple takes.
Next week, Wanderlei Silva will make their return to the combat sports arena for a grappling tag team match at Rizin Fighting Federation 3 on April 17th. The Brazilian will team up with Kiyoshi Tamura to take on Kazushi Sakuraba and Hideo Tokoro in the main event and is treating the bout as a tune-up for their return to MMA.
Silva spoke to Ariel Helwani on the latest edition of The MMA Hour (h/t Guilherme Cruz of MMA Fighting) and expressed their interest in a fight with street fighting sensation, Kimbo Slice.
"I want to make interesting fights," Silva said. "In Bellator, one guy that I would love to fight is Kimbo. And I'm not going to the ground. I want to fight in their area. I want to do a good show, I want to give emotion to my fans. When I can't do that I'm gonna really stop, but right now I feel good."
Silva is still suspended by the Nevada Athletic Commission until 2017 for evading a drug test in 2014, although "The Axe Murderer" is campaigning for a fight this summer. It's expected that Silva will compete at one of the Bellator events outside of Nevada, possibly at a schedueled UK PPV in July.
Kimbo Slice last fought at Bellator 149, which saw the former Ultimate Fighter contestant battle with Dhafir Harris in a bout that was ridiculed by the MMA community. Slice eventually earned a stoppage victory after "Dada 5000" collapsed in the third round due to exhaustion.
When speaking of Bellator, Silva was quick to praise former Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker, who has taken the promotion in a different direction since taking over the company from Bjorn Rebney in 2014.
"I like what (Scott Coker) and Mike (Kogan) are doing," said Silva, explaining why they decided to sign a deal with Bellator. "They offered me really good money, more than what I received before in the other event. I like the numbers. It's good for me, it's good for them, it's good for the fans, I'm gonna (come) back."
Rizin FF 3, which will host Silva's tag team match in the main event, will take place at the Nippon Gaishi Hall in Nagoya, Japan on April 17th.
We've had a chat with the man at Vodafone who's already seen your next phone. What do they know about 'Phablets', screen sizes, and the future?
Noticed a trend on the Vodafone shelves over the past few years? Our phones are definitely getting bigger. With the arrival of the 6.1-inch Huawei Ascend Mate, and the success of the 5.5-inch Samsung GALAXY Note 2, it seems that the big screen is here in a big way. But how long are things set to continue? We've been speaking to Vodafone's Patrick Harrison-Harvey, the man who's seen your future phones, to find out what's coming next.
“In August, I'll have sight of future products right up until June 2014,” says Patrick. “My job is to sift through the myriad of products and make sure we pick the right ones – the ones that are going to be the strongest in the market. Some of them, anyone could pick because they're going to be obvious winners, but outside of your big iconic hero phones there's a bit more analysis that needs to be done.”
Patrick's the man in the know, then, and he's sworn to secrecy when it comes to exactly what's been presented to him, and which future devices he's had in their hands. That said, they can give us a good idea of what's coming in near future.
Rise of the Phablet
“Screen sizes definitely seem to be getting bigger,” they say. “The biggest I've seen recently is the Samsung GALAXY Mega, which has a 6.3-inch display, and the Sony Xperia Z ultra, which has a 6.4-inch screen.”
But are these devices phones? Or tablets? What's the acid test?
“At the moment, ‘phablet' is an industry term more than a consumer term,” Patrick explains, “and I don't think anyone's really thought up a better name for phones with really big screens. Tablets start at 7-inches, and these phones are 6.5-ish now, so they're getting close.”
How Huawei's leading the big battery charge
If screen sizes are getting bigger, shouldn't batteries get smarter?
Click here to read how the Huawei Ascend Mate's battery is built to last.
“I'd define a phablet as a device that acts as your main phone. Some of these devices are right on the border of tablet and phablet, but some of that depends on the design – keeping the space on the front around the screen to a minimum is key.
“No one's currently going beyond the 6.5-inch screen size, and those extreme sizes force people to consider whether that size is your main phone, or a compact tablet to have alongside it. The essence of a traditional tablet is that it doesn't have a phone module in it, so you can't make voice calls or send texts. That's the distinctive part.”
Stopping the growth
Having a bigger screen is all well and good, but just how big will things go? We asked Patrick what they think will happen at the upper limit of screen size…
“There's definitely a trend for growing the screen and keeping the device size down – to not increase the overall size of the device but to try and squeeze as much screen in as possible.
“Smartwatches are already here…”
“We'll come to a limit though,” they tell us, “where up to the 7-inch mark is the maximum size. There'll be plenty of phones at over 6-inches that size that'll look like bigger version of whatever's the current flagship.”
And then, when the big phones are here in force, something new will come in to help us get the most out of them:
“Smartwatches are already here,” Patrick reveals, “But in the near future they'll let you answer and make calls. They used to be huge and clunky but not any more, so if the phone's really big you might prefer to answer a call on your watch.”
And that'll prove especially useful if your phablet's big enough to warrant a space in your bag, rather than your pocket.
What goes up, doesn't come down?
When talking about the new Ascend Mate earlier this month, Huawei's James Powell told us that they think the shape and size of the human hand will inevitably stop the growth of our phone screens. But, no matter how big phones level out at, Patrick suggests we're all slowly moving up the ladder:
“What we see from the customers who go for a bigger screen is that they definitely use it more – they watch a lot more media, and they use a lot more mobile internet data. On top of that,” they say, “What you use becomes the norm; people who go up in screen size and then suddenly back down will find that it does feel too small.
So should we all just accept fate and move to the biggest screen going? Not if you're not ready: “The thing is,” Patrick says in closing, “is that there's an individuality to what you think is too big, and there always will be.”
Future-gazing: There's more to come from our talk with Patrick, as they explain what happens after we exceed the maximum size for phones as they currently stand. What's coming in two, five, and ten years' time? Stay tuned to find out…
While many pro football teams have storied histories and great players in their pasts, few can compete with the Green Bay Packers long line of championships and Hall of Famers. That's a big reason why this week's GMC question for us at Acme Packing Company is so difficult.
Without any stalling, let's get right to the video from Marshall Faulk:
This is a great question (though we would have loved to have seen Faulk in Green and Gold), and it required a great deal of thought on our part. There are candidates to choose from at literally every position on the field here, and
We can eliminate quarterback right off the bat, since Aaron Rodgers is playing better than just about anyone in the NFL right now. The Starr/Favre/Rodgers debate is one for another day, but let's just say no matter what your stance is on that discussion, there are bigger holes to fill.
Would you add another receiving weapon for Rodgers? Sterling Sharpe's career certainly had a Hall of Fame trajectory before it was cut short due to injury, and Don Hutson was the league's first great wideout. Those are both tempting options, but not where we're going.
The Packers' offensive line is starting to look very solid, so even Hall of Famers like Forrest Gregg and Jerry Kramer he's a Hall of Famer in our minds, dammit) aren't the pick.
Running back, perhaps? Any number of great backs could make a big difference on this squad, from Paul Hornung and Jim Taylor to more modern options like Ahman Green. Still, the Eddie Lacy-James Starks combo has worked relatively well so far, and there are other, bigger issues to address.
That leaves us with the defensive side of the ball. With the depth in the secondary, we like where we're at and what we've seen as far as the development of young players in 2014. We would much rather improve the front seven. The question then becomes do we improve the line or the linebackers?
My first thought went back to the dominant Packers linebackers of the 1960s -- specifically, Ray Nitschke and Dave Robinson. Both of those players were menacing defenders, but ones who would be just as likely to drop back in coverage and intercept a pass as they were to plug a hole up front or lay a crushing tackle on a running back. That game-changing ability in all phases of the game is something that the Packers could certainly use to upgrade the inside linebacker position at this time.
However, there's one other former Packer who would make an even bigger difference for this team: Reggie White.
To our knowledge, White played almost exclusively in a 4-3 defense during their time in the NFL (save for their first season with the Packers in 1993), but they possessed the ideal frame to excel in a 3-4 just as easily. Standing 6'5" and nearly 300 pounds, the Minister of Defense would be a menace in any defensive scheme and would give the Packers easily the most fearsome pass rush in the NFL with him, Clay Matthews, and Julius Peppers all attacking the quarterback together. That makes the Packers' current "NASCAR" pass-rushing package look pretty ordinary in comparison.
With Reggie manning the left defensive end position on base downs and rushing from the interior on passing downs, the Packers' defense would have an entirely new dimension - a truly dominant pass-rushing and anchoring force on the interior. We feel that having that would make up for any potential advantage Green Bay would lose out on by improving the inside linebacker position.
As you know, White helped the Packers win one Super Bowl and get to another, and played some of their biggest games on the biggest stages. For many Packers fans (myself included), Super Bowl XXXI will be our fondest memory of him, as they sacked Drew Bledsoe three times.
Really, there wasn't much of a debate - Reggie White is the best choice of any player to add to this year's team. Their transcendent ability to get to the quarterback would make these Packers defense nearly unstoppable. With their presence, this Packers team would go from being a top Super Bowl contender to being the favorite to win it all in 2014.
Join the #GMCPlaybook discussion at sbnation.com/sponsored-gmc-playbook and on Twitter by following @thisisgmc & @marshallfaulk.
Last Sunday the ECB published its quality assurance results, its stress tests of our systemic banks. It was, from where I am standing, a sad day.
Back in 2010, the European Banking Authority (EBA) disgraced itself with stress tests that passed with flying colours banks that would fail in short shrift in the months to come. What we have now done is to discredit the only proper institution that the Eurozone has: the ECB.
Am I being too harsh? I do not think so. Let us move, for a moment, to the other side of the Atlantic. What is it that gives the Fed and the FDIC power over banks? Is it the fact that the Fed-FDIC is the banks' single supervisor? No. What gives the Fed-FDIC power over banks is the common knowledge that, when it assesses that a bank is insolvent, it has no serious qualms saying so. The reason, of course, is that it not only has powers of supervision (i.e. access to their books) but, crucially, powers of resolution and, if it so judges, the power to force mergers or to recapitalise the failing bank.
Suppose that, instead, the Fed-FDIC had, as the ECB does, only the power to scrutinise the banks' books. Imagine now that, with one this power, the Fed-FDIC were to discover that some bank in Nevada or Missouri is in trouble. If the Fed-FDIC's charter precluded it from doing anything else other than to announce the bank's insolvency, its supervisory power would mean little. For if it were common knowledge that the fiscally stressed State of Nevada or Missouri would have to borrow from money-markets to pay for the depositors' guaranteed deposits, as well as for any new capital the banks needed to be salvaged, the rest of the state's banks would face a run, the states would see their borrowing costs skyrocket and, soon, a combined banking and fiscal crisis could be rummaging throughout the ‘dollar zone'. To put this crudely, the good people at the Fed would have no alternative than to keep their mouths shut, to conceal the bad news, to cover up for the bank's problems and try to find some hush-hush way of bolstering its capitalisation.
This is precisely the sad state to which our, so-called, Banking Union has pushed the ECB's supervisors into. As long as the ECB is not the sole authority on bank resolution, and as long funds for dealing with insolvent banks are to come (in the final analysis) from the fiscally stressed states, the death embrace between weak states and fragile banks will continue. And so will the credit crunch in the regions of the Eurozone where austerity is already taking its heavy toll on demand, having annihilated any urge to invest in productive activities – as opposed just to bargain basement unproductive assets.
Following our previous articles, Full Text Search Lens, GMusicBrowser Scope, Launchpad Lens, Dictionary Lens, Stock Quotes Lens, Cooking Lens, Music Search Scopes, Reddit Lens, Tomboy Lens, Ask Ubuntu Lens, Ubuntu Flickr/Shotwell Photos Lens, Ubuntu Spotify Scope, Ubuntu DeviantArt Scope, Ubuntu SSH Lens, Ubuntu Binary Clock Lens, Ubuntu YouTube Lens and Scope, Ubuntu Calendar Lens, Ubuntu Web Sources Lens, Ubuntu Gwibber Lens, Ubuntu Books Lens, Ubuntu Cities Scope, Ubuntu Grooveshark Scope, Ubuntu Calculator Scope and Pirate Bay Torrents Lens for Unity, today we are introducing the Ubuntu ManPages Search Lens for the Unity interface.
The Ubuntu ManPages Lens is a very useful Unity Launcher plugin that allows users to search for manual pages directly from Unity and display them with Yelp.
To install the Unity ManPages Lens plugin in your Ubuntu 11.10 (Oneiric Ocelot) operating system, open a terminal window (hit the CTRL+ALT+T key combination) and paste the following commands (one by one, hitting Enter after each one):
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:stolowski/manpages-lens
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y unity-lens-manpages
You will also need to restart your session after the installation. Keep in mind that this is only availalbe for Ubuntu 11.10 (Oneiric Ocelot).
Apple's tight ship has a small leak that other retailers may be able to drink from. Gizmodo uncovered a training manual for Apple Geniuses that shows the tactics Apple employees use to make the customer feel, ahem, “empowered” to buy.
Apple made $4.1 billion from its retail stores in its last fiscal quarter alone. That's a 17 percent rise over last year, proving that Apple has something to teach when it comes to pushing product. In many training schedules, a new salesperson may learn how to promote a credit card or where the store stashes the extra stock. On the other hand, Apple dictates ways to make the customer feel in control, even down to the words that should be avoided in customer interaction.
First, Apple emphasizes empathy over sympathy. Employees should be able to read the mood their customer is in and relate to their situation. They use the “three Fs,” or Feel, Felt, Found, which suggest “empathy and not condescension.” Apple uses this as an example “three Fs” situation:
Customer: This Mac is just too expensive. Genius: I can see how you'd feel this way. I felt the price was a little high, but I found it's a real value because of all the built-in software and capabilities.
For other retailers this means building a connection between you and the customer that is familial and breaks down the air of, “You have the money, I have the products. Give me your money.”
However, Apple specifically instructs its Geniuses not to apologize for issues with the products. Rather Geniuses should sweetly apologize for customers' ineptitude with things like, “Too bad about your soda-spill accident.”
For legal reasons employees aren't allowed to use certain words either, such as crash or bug. These should be replaced with “does not respond” and “condition.”
Lastly, Apple makes sure that if you didn't know how to read body language, you will after its training. It includes a long list of positive and negative reactions, such as what it means when a person it's smiling (they're open) or what if they steeple their hands (they're confident).
Check out more images of the manual over at Gizmodo.
Six Corners Babershop Saved View Full Caption
PORTAGE PARK — Jesse Barrera's heart sank as theirs pulled up to their barbershop in the Six Corners Shopping District on the night of July 3 and saw police cars and a fire engine parked outside.
With the shop open for exactly four months — and packed from morning until night — Barrera, 41, had begun to catch up on bills and was hoping their effort to strike out on their own after cutting hair for eight years would be a success.
But that all changed when Jefferson Park Police District Cmdr. Roger Bay, who was waiting for Barrera to get to the shop at 4851 W. Irving Park Road, told them that two drunken men got into a fistfight in front of their store and smashed into their picture window, sending blood and glass flying everywhere.
"I thought the building was on fire, so at first I was relieved," Barrera said. "But then I called my insurance company, and they told me I wasn't covered for the glass window. I didn't know what I was going to do."
Heather Cherone discusses who helped Jesse the most to repair the glass:
Barrera, a Portage Park resident, said they knew they didn't have enough money to cover the $400 board-up fee or the $2,000 it would cost to replace the window.
"I sank everything I had in the place," said Barrera, who came across a Facebook post about GoFundMe, an online fundraising site, that night and figured they had nothing to lose.
"I thought it was a long shot at best," they recalled.
They posted the plea for help on July 4, and by Sunday — when Barrera remembered to check to see what was happening to it — more than 50 people had donated enough to exceed the $2,000 goal and raise more than $2,700 — exactly what Barrera needed to cover the cost of boarding up the window, replacing the glass and repainting their retro-style sign.
"I was blown away," Barrera said, choking up.
Many of the donations came from other Six Corners businesses, including $200 from Barbara Ries Murphy, of Josi's Frozen Yogurt Cafe, and $100 from Ald. John Arena (45th).
Arena called the success of the online fundraiser "amazing."
"We are looking forward to Jesse's Barber Shop being in the Six Corners family for a very long time," Arena said.
Barrera vowed to return the help if any other Six Corners business finds itself struggling to stay afloat as the district works to regain a measure of its former glory as the premier shopping district outside of the Loop.
"It's us, these little businesses, that will make all the difference," Barrera said. "We're the core of what's to come for Six Corners. This is community, when people step up for one another."
Barrera replaced the window Wednesday — with tempered glass that won't shatter — but not before the store's formerly robust walk-in traffic had dwindled almost to nothing while the front window was boarded up.
"The place looked abandoned," Barrera said. "It made me realize that we were in a very serious situation."
But Barrera is confident customers seeking a close shave or a quick trim in their retro-themed barbershop will come back.
"I think Six Corners is awesome," Barrera said. "I've always loved Six Corners. Two drunk guys going through my window isn't going to change my mind."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
I had a giftee from Canada, so it is only fitting my gifter is as well. The great cultural exchange continued with some awesome gifts that followed much of what is Calgary. There was a ton to go through, and my Santa took time to pick exactly what I would return with if it was me in Calgary. I got a cycling map, and a hockey card, that's the only 2 physical things I ever do, kinda spooky. Also, I am weak willed and love to feel bad about myself so I got a whole mess of Candy that I quickly dropped off in the teacher lounge so I can share in the shame. I got a bunch of other things I can't fit all in, but....pictures. Thanks a bunch this was a lot of fun.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Wembley Arch has already been lit up with the Tricolour
England fans will be encouraged to join in the singing of La Marseillaise as a moment of solidarity during the match against France at Wembley on Tuesday. Could it be a powerful symbol of defiance, asks Finlo Rohrer.
After Friday's Islamist attacks in Paris that claimed the lives of 129 people, videos circulated of fans singing La Marseillaise while being evacuated from the Stade de France.
And for a non-French audience the anthem conjures images of the memorable scene from Casablanca where French patriots drown out a group of singing Nazi soldiers. Plenty of YouTube commenters have been drawing parallels in the last couple of days.
On Tuesday, the FA will encourage the tens of thousands of England fans to join in the singing of La Marseillaise, displaying the words on the big screens. In a change of protocol, La Marseillaise will be played after God Save The Queen.
The FA will also replace the usual human flag - formed by fans holding up coloured cards - of the St George's Cross with the Tricolour.
Image copyright Other
"Since 1998 we've been laying out a St George cross before every England game but for the first time there won't be a St George's cross. You can probably guess what flag will be replacing it - the French flag," says Mark Perryman, a fan representative and organiser for Raise the Flag. "We've never dropped our own flag so it's a very special moment."
Another fan representative, Malcolm Clarke, chairperson of the Football Supporters' Federation, was among those who contacted the FA on Saturday to back the idea of mass participation in La Marseillaise.
"I think it just shows solidarity with the French. I don't think anything like this has ever been done before. We will all have to polish up our French pronunciation."
In the past the FA has had some issues with a minority of England fans booing opposition anthems. But Tuesday is likely to be a completely different sort of occasion.
"The away team anthem is always sung first," says Perryman. "It's been a long time since fans booed that anthem and they won't be booing it, they'll be doing their best to join in. It's a tremendous statement from the FA and I'm sure the fans will buy into it universally. The message is very simple - it's for common humanity."
The forum for the England supporters club has had numerous posts from England fans wanting to sing the opposition's anthem. Dating from the wars of Revolutionary France in the early 1790s, La Marseillaise is full of stirring calls to arms. And, Perryman notes, there's an eternal link between the French Revolution and England in the form of radical Tom Paine, which gives extra resonance to the anthem.
"It is a song of rebellion, a song of defiance," says Perryman.
La Marseillaise first verse and chorus
Allons enfants de la Patrie,
Le jour de gloire est arrive!
Contre nous de la tyrannie,
L'etendard sanglant est leve (repeat)
Entendez-vous dans les campagnes
Mugir ces feroces soldats?
Ils viennent jusque dans vos bras
Egorger vos fils, vos compagnes!
Chorus: Aux armes, citoyens,
Formez vos bataillons,
Marchons, marchons,
Qu'un sang impur
Abreuve nos sillons (repeat)
Translation
Arise, children of the Fatherland,
The day of glory has arrived!
Against us tyranny's
Bloody banner is raised
Do you hear, in the countryside,
The roar of those ferocious soldiers?
They're coming right into your arms
To cut the throats of your sons, your women!
Chorus: To arms, citizens,
Form your battalions,
Let's march, let's march,
Let an impure blood
Water our furrows.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
All over America tonight there are people that believe that their lives are over. When you do everything that you know how to do to get a job and you still can't get one it can be absolutely soul crushing. If you have ever been unemployed for an extended period of time you know exactly what I am talking about. When you have been unemployed for month after month it can be very tempting to totally cut yourself off from society. Those that are kind will look at you with pity and those that are cruel will treat you as though you are a total loser. It doesn't matter that America is in decline and that our economy is not producing nearly enough jobs for everyone anymore. In our society, one of the primary things that defines our lives is what we do for a living. Just think about it. When you are out in a social situation, what is one of the very first things that people ask? They want to know what you “do”. Well, if you don't “do” anything, then you are not part of the club. But the worst part of being unemployed for many Americans is the relentless pressure from family and friends. Often they have no idea how hard it is to find a job in this economy – especially if they still have jobs. Sometimes the pressure becomes too great. Sadly, we are seeing unemployment break up a lot of marriages in America today. Things are really hard out there right now. A very large number of highly educated Americans have taken very low paying service jobs in recent years just so that they can have some money coming in even as they “look for something else”. Unfortunately, in many cases that “something else” never materializes. In the past, America was “the land of opportunity” where anything was possible. But today America has become “the land of lowered expectations” and the worst is yet to come.
We live during a time when “the American Dream” is literally being redefined. In the old days, just about anyone could get a good job that would pay enough to make it possible to buy a house, buy a nice car and raise a family.
Unfortunately, those days are long gone. The following is from a recent NPR article….
The town of Lorain, Ohio, used to embody this dream. It was a place where you could get a good job, raise a family and comfortably retire. “Now you can see what it is. Nothing,” says John Beribak. “The shipyards are gone, the Ford plant is gone, the steel plant is gone.” Their voice cracks as they describe the town he's lived in their whole life. “I mean, I grew up across the street from the steel plant when there was 15,000 people working there,” they say. “My dad worked there. I worked there when I got out of the Air Force. It's just sad.”
We live in an economy that is in serious decline. In this environment no job is safe. In fact, even Goldman Sachs is laying off workers these days.
Millions of Americans are suffering from deep depression because they can't find jobs. Many of them are sitting at home right now blankly starting at their television screens as they wonder why nobody wants to hire them. Some have been unemployed for years and have sent out thousands upon thousands of resumes. The following is from a recent article by J.D. Hicks….
I have a brilliant cousin with a $180K Syracuse education working part-time at a department store. They have literally sent out 38,000 resumes in the span of a year to no avail. I have another very bright friend with the kindest heart who is so desperate they have applied for dishwashing jobs and didn't get them, sending them deeper into depression. I'm sure we all know people like this, or perhaps have even been there ourselves. Society has trained us to believe that we are worthless without a job. Indeed, we feel worthless when we are unemployed with few prospects of making money. Family, friends, and peers constantly remind us in subtle and not-so-subtle ways that we “need” a job.
Have you ever been unemployed?
How did it make you feel?
How were you treated by your family and friends?
In the old days, a college education was almost a guaranteed ticket to the middle class.
But these days, a college education guarantees you absolutely nothing.
As a recent article by Jed Graham detailed, most young unemployed workers in America today have at least some college education….
For the first time in history, the number of jobless workers age 25 and up who have attended some college now exceeds the ranks of those who settled for a high school diploma or less. Out of 9 million unemployed in April, 4.7 million had gone to college or graduated and 4.3 million had not, seasonally adjusted Labor Department data show.
Overall, 53 percent of all Americans with a bachelor's degree under the age of 25 were either unemployed or underemployed last year.
It is tough to tell young college graduates with their whole lives ahead of them that they need to lower their expectations because America is in decline.
So where did all the jobs go?
Well, one place they went is overseas. Over the past couple of decades, millions upon millions of good jobs have left the United States and have gone over to the other side of the world.
That is why you see gleaming new factories going up all over China even while our once great manufacturing cities are turning into crime-infested warzones.
But as a recent WND article reported, the WTO has a solution. They plan to replace “Made in China” labels with “Made in the World” labels so that we don't feel so bad about losing our jobs and our economic infrastructure…
The World Trade Organization is moving closer to eliminating country-of-origin labels and replacing them with “Made in the World” initiative labels because they say we need to “reduce public opposition to free trade” and “re-engineer global governance.”
As the number of middle class jobs has steadily declined in recent years, the number of low paying service jobs has increased.
In a previous article, I discussed how approximately one out of every four U.S. workers now makes $10 an hour or less.
Could your family survive on 10 dollars an hour?
Today, you can find hordes of very smart, very talented Americans flipping burgers, waiting tables and welcoming people to Wal-Mart.
Sadly, the United States now has a higher percentage of workers doing low wage work than any other major industrialized nation does.
Perhaps we should applaud our leaders for doing such a great job of destroying the American Dream.
Because so many Americans are working crappy jobs, a very large percentage of them have absolutely no savings to speak of.
According to one survey, 42 percent of all American workers live paycheck to paycheck.
I am constantly encouraging people to save up an “emergency fund” that will enable them to pay their bills for at least 6 months if they suddenly become unemployed.
Unfortunately, for many Americans that is simply not possible. Way too many families are just barely scraping by from month to month.
Another area of the economy where Americans are facing lowered expectations is in housing.
In the old days, most Americans dreamed of owning their own homes.
But today we are being told that things have changed. For example, a recent USA Today article was entitled “Home rentals — the new American Dream?“….
Steve and Jodi Jacobson bought their Phoenix-area “dream home” in 2005. They built flagstone steps to the front door. They tiled the kitchen and bathroom. They entertained often, enjoying their mountain views. “We put our soul into that house,” says Steve Jacobson, 37. Then, home prices tanked more than 50%. Steve, a software quality assurance engineer, suffered pay cuts. In 2010, foreclosure claimed the home and their $100,000 down payment. The Jacobsons didn't lose their desire to live in a single-family home, however. They now rent one, like many other former homeowners displaced by foreclosure.
Is that what we are supposed to tell future generations of Americans?
“Listen Johnny and Suzie, if you work really, really hard at your minimum wage jobs perhaps someday you will be able to rent a home that has been foreclosed by a big, greedy bank”.
It is so sad to watch what is happening to this country.
These days many Americans are scratching and clawing and doing everything that they can to make it, but they still find themselves short on money at the end of the month.
Many are turning to debt in an attempt to bridge the gap. According to CNN, 40 percent of “low- and middle-income households” are using credit cards to pay for basic living expenses.
Overall, U.S. consumers have more than 11 trillion dollars in debt right now.
That is an incredible number.
As the economy has declined, a lot of families have completely given up trying to make it on their own and have turned to the U.S. government for financial help. Today, an astounding 49.1 percent of all Americans live in a home where at least one person receives government benefits.
Just think about that number for a while. It is one of the clearest signs that America is in deep, deep decline.
Unfortunately, things are about to get even worse. The next wave of the financial crisis is unfolding in Europe and we will all be talking about another “major global recession” very soon.
That means that unemployment in the United States is going to get a lot worse.
For the millions upon millions of Americans that are already suffering through the horror of unemployment, that is really bad news.
Posted below is a trailer for a new HBO documentary entitled “Hard Times: Lost on Long Island”. Please take a few minutes to watch this video, because I think it does a good job of showing the soul crushing despair that many unemployed Americans are going through right now….
So do any of you have any stories of lowered expectations to share? Please feel free to post a comment with your thoughts below….
Mike Florio from ProFootballTalk can rub me the wrong way with some of their news and analysis within the NFL. But today, he's made me rather happy, and put a little shot in the arm of Captain Hope.
Among the offensive craziness that took place in Morgantown, WV yesterday was a witnessed event that will cause the hearts of Steeler Nation to go a flutter. David DeCastro was seen walking around without a limp. Five weeks after a severe knee injury, DeCastro was in street clothes and walking around like person with two normally functioning legs.
Now before you go out and bet the farm that the Steelers will get to the Super Bowl from this news, realize that the Steelers can't bring them back for another four weeks. The ‘designated to return' IR title keeps them off the field for another four weeks (for a total of eight). The Steelers will also be very cautious in bringing DeCastro back. This guy is the future for the Steelers and won't make a mistake in bringing them back too early just to get them back on the field. The temptation is there with the offensive line performing as poorly as they are. The run game is practically non-existant and that's largely in part to DeCastro's absence.
At least it is good to know that DeCastro's recovery is coming along nicely, and they do not appear to have any significant evidence of a setback for their return.
Share. Firmware updates requested to make Wii, Wii U and 3DS region-free. Firmware updates requested to make Wii, Wii U and 3DS region-free.
Fans have started a petition on change.org to end region locking on Nintendo consoles. Following news that PlayStation 4 is region-free and Microsoft's recent reversal on policies including region locking, the petition now asks Nintendo to follow suit and end region restrictions altogether.
“ We want region-free consoles so that we may exercise our consumer rights to choose what games we play.
“Following Microsoft's U-turn on its DRM policies, including making the Xbox One region-free alongside the PS4, Nintendo is now left as the only major console manufacturer that maintains a region-locking policy,” the petition says. “This practice is restrictive to customers, including those who enjoy playing foreign games not available domestically, speak foreign languages, serve in the military, or otherwise travel or live abroad. If anything, region-free policies encourage the additional sales of legitimate software that cannot otherwise be obtained in a given country; the money would still go to Nintendo, the developers and the distributors behind each game.”
Exit Theatre Mode
The petition goes on to thank Nintendo for its efforts in shortening the gap between worldwide release dates, but notes “we don't want region-free consoles just so we can purchase and play some games earlier than usual. We want region-free consoles so that we may exercise our consumer rights to choose what games we play and to thus expand our horizons.”
“We ask that Nintendo please release system firmware updates that will remove region-locking from the Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, and Wii systems,” the petition concludes.
We've reached out to Nintendo about the petition and will update this story with any comment we receive.
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following @garfep on Twitter or garfep on IGN.
The CIA's adoption of cloud computing is reportedly going well. The spy agency's CIO (chief information officer) John Edwards said that its watershed deal with Amazon Web Services (AWS) was the "best decision we ever made". Edwards was appointed as the spy agency's CIO last year, during the US intelligence community's (IC) shift to adopting cloud computing.
Edwards said that cloud computing has so far improved security, strengthened mission impact and helped avoid costs with maintaining legacy systems. Speaking at the AWS summit in Washington D.C., Edwards provided an unclassified peek at how America's 17 intelligence agencies that are a part of the nation's IC are using cloud computing. The CIO said that the spy agency's cloud was "pretty close" to being invincible.
"I'm never going to say anything you do in the cyber world is totally invincible, but this is pretty close," Edwards said. "We took a hardened cloud on the outside, dropped it behind our guards, gates and guns. I would argue and say this is the most secure thing out there. It's a game-changer for us, I don't think anything out there is any more protected."
CIA wants to be like private firms and not like the government
"We want to be like commercial companies, not the government," Edwards said, Nextgov reported. "[Cloud] is the most innovative thing we've done, and it's having a material impact on the CIA and IC."
According to Edwards, cloud adopting among US intelligence agencies has shot up to over 200% in the past few years. Since AWS' most significant service – the classified Marketplace – was launched last year, over 100 app developers and analysts can now try out new apps and determine if they meet mission needs. The service allows IC developers and experts to play around with properly vetted apps and seamlessly incorporate them into missions without having to go through lengthy acquisition processes.
"In the past, if we wanted to bring a new application into the agency, we'd do a market survey and acquisition process. If it didn't work, we'd start the process over," Edwards said, adding that acquisitions could often go on for months or years. "Now, we can download an app in minutes and try it against our data sets," they said, adding that if the app works well within mission parameters then the agency can "lease it for as long as we want. If it doesn't, we blow up that instance and download something else."
The spy agency's CIO also said that the cloud is highly secure. The CIA and AWS are developing additional security overlays spread across three unspecified geographically available zones.
Opening ceremony artistic director Danny Boyle and the 007 star have shot a short film at Buckingham Palace, which will be shown during the BBC's coverage
Daniel Craig will help open the London Olympics later this year in character as James Bond, following a personal invitation from the Queen.
The Sun newspaper reports that Craig and opening ceremony artistic director Danny Boyle have shot a skit titled The Arrival in which 007 travels to Buckingham Palace to be informed that their latest mission is to launch the 2012 games.  They are then taken by helicopter to the Olympic stadium in Stratford, east London, where they parachute into the arena. Boyle and Craig were reportedly given unprecedented access to the palace and its private rooms last week after the Queen personally sanctioned the move. The short film will be shown during the BBC's coverage of the opening ceremony.
A source told the Sun: "It's a huge coup for BBC producers and Danny to be allowed into the palace and have the Queen involved. They wanted the most iconic British film character inside the building most associated with London and with the monarch – and they got it.
"It will be a magical scene for all watching at home and inside the stadium on 27 July. Working out the logistics of filming has taken months and hasn't been easy – but it will be worth it in the end."
The Queen is celebrating their diamond jubilee this year, while 2012 is also the 50th anniversary of the Bond films as produced by rights owners Eon. "Buckingham Palace is involved in a number of filming projects during this special jubilee year and we would not go into details of any particular project until nearer the time of transmission," said a spokesperson for the monarch.
Meanwhile, the Advertising Age website reports that Craig will be ditching their usual martini tipple for a beer in at least one scene of the new Bond film, Skyfall, following a deal with Heineken. Sam Mendes, Skyfall's director, will also take charge of an advert starring Craig as a lager-drinking Bond. The story is dated 31 March on the Advertising Age site, so does not appear to be an April Fool.
Craig will be playing Bond for the third time in Skyfall, which is due out in October and follows 2006's Casino Royale and 2008's Quantum of Solace. Dame Judi Dench reprises their role as the suave spy's boss, M, for the seventh time, with British actors Albert Finney and Ralph Fiennes in undisclosed parts. Javier Bardem will be one of the villains, while Ben Whishaw debuts in the role of gadget guru Q. Naomie Harris is playing a field agent named Eve and French actor Bérénice Marlohe is set to play an enigmatic Bond girl named Severine.
Foreign criminals will be barred from entering Britain under a crackdown to be launched this summer.
A trial will be launched forcing some visa applicants to show proof of their criminal record or be barred from the UK.
Ministers say convicts from other countries have no place in Britain and the new measures will 'keep them out'.
Immigration minister James Brokenshire says convicts from other countries have no place in Britain and the new measures will 'keep them out'
Under the new regime, someone applies for a 'Tier 1' investor or entrepreneur visa will have to give details of whether they have been convicted of a serious offence.
They will have to produce a criminal record certificate from every country they have lived in for the past 10 years.
Adult dependents, such as spouses or partners, would also have to make the same declaration.
The Home Office stresses that it will not apply to short-term visitors, as this would be a 'disproportionate requirement' for millions of holidaymakers coming to the UK.
However, it could be expanded to other visa routes after the results of the trial have been assesses.
Anyone who fails to provide their criminal record will have their visa refused.
Under the measure, anyone caught lying on their visa application will be banned from entering the UK for 10 years.
Under the new regime, someone applies for an investor or entrepreneur visa will have to give details of whether they have been convicted of a serious offence
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said: 'Foreign criminals have no place in the United Kingdom and this scheme will help keep them out.
'Since 2010, checks on foreign nationals going through the UK criminal justice system have increased by more than 1,000 per cent, helping ensure more foreign criminals are taken off our streets and making our communities safer.
'But we want to go further still by preventing these people getting into the country in the first place. Mandatory police certificates will serve as an additional tool to help us achieve this.'
Visa applications are currently checked against UK criminal records and any overseas offences that are recorded on the UK Police National Computer (PNC) or immigration systems.
But not all offences committed abroad are provided by overseas authorities to the UK proactively.
Early Monday afternoon, Auburn offensive line commitment Marquel Harrell told 247Sports that while they were "firm" to Auburn, Tennessee was their leader.
Title/Alt Text
But when reached an hour later, they wanted to clarify things.
"I'm still committed [to Auburn] but Tennessee is right behind," Harrell said.
In a nutshell, Harrell said that while the Tigers still have their verbal, the Vols have a very appealing depth chart in their eyes, and that is giving them lots to ponder.
Harrell said Tennessee became began to make a serious push "after realizing the depth chart for Tennessee. They only have like nine offensive linemen on scholarship. Most are seniors or juniors. That means I can compete right away for a starting spot.”
Harrell is the No. 45 offensive guard in the 247Sports Composite. They committed to Auburn on April 21.
Before that, Harrell had been an Ole Miss commit.
“I'm firm … but anything can happen,” they said Monday. “I've thought about [de-committing], but I don't know. I'm not sure yet. I don't want to keep de-committing because I don't want to seem indecisive."
According to Harrell, they want to take all five official visits to explore all options.
Auburn “told me I could take them,” Harrell said.
As for their next visit, Harrell said it will be to either Auburn or Tennessee. They last visited the Tigers two weeks ago.
Democratic Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee went on an inexplicable rant about sexual harassment claims during a congressional hearing with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
WATCH:
Jackson Lee had just five minutes to ask Rosenstein questions during the House Judiciary Committee hearing, and chose to use two of those minutes to confirm that women can report alleged crimes to the FBI.
“What intentions do the Department of Justice have to allow these women, who are accusing the president of sexual misconduct and have never been heard in terms of a public setting…what does the Department of Justice intend to do?”
“If they file a lawsuit, they're free to do so, it would be a Department matter” Rosenstein responded somewhat incredulously.
Jackson Lee seemed somewhat unsatisfied with that response, and pressed Rosenstein on whether the women should be heard through an investigation.
“If there's anything that warrants federal investigation then we would certainly look at it,” they confirmed.
Rosenstein then had to explain to Jackson Lee how the DOJ works when they asked if they could refer the women to the DOJ.
“If somebody wants to file a complaint of a potential federal crime, yes, they can report that to the FBI or they can write,” they asserted. “Anybody can do that at any time.”
Follow Amber on Twitter
Hi, I'm Keisha! Feel free to learn more About Me here . Or you can just ask. :) You can email me anytime with questions about items, patterns and for orders or requests!I love being an @home mom and wife (nearly 20 years!) and I love to crochet and craft things. Thus the @home. I have a college boy, Legs age 18 and a middle school lad LittleBit age 13 who keep me busy but I love to squeeze in some time to crochet. I hope to use this blog to share things I've done. While I have never earned anything from this blog, I do have affiliate links below. The newest one, I'm excited to say, is Amazon's Handmade!Many items are now on my Etsy Page ! Items that you don't see on the page you can email me and request! You can also join me now on! YAY! ;)
The Boston Bruins no longer have to worry who their No. 1 goalie is. But the question heading into training camp is who will back up Tuukka Rask?
Boston lost a solid No. 2 in Anton Khudobin, who agreed to a one-year, $800,000 deal with the Carolina Hurricanes this summer. Nicknamed "Dr. Khu" (pronounced "who") by the media, Khudobin went 9-4-1 with a 2.32 goals-against average and .920 save percentage in 14 games last season.
Their solid play and interesting postgame interviews will be missed. But hopefully either Chad Johnson or Niklas Svedberg can provide relief between the pipes when Rask needs a day off.
The Bruins signed Johnson, 27, to a one-year deal worth $600,000 during the offseason. They served as a backup for Phoenix Coyotes netminder Mike Smith last season, when they compiled a 2-0-2 mark with a 1.21 GAA and .954 save percentage.
Johnson also previously served as a backup for the New York Rangers' Henrik Lundqvist.
Though Johnson offers NHL experience, that shouldn't diminish Svedberg's chances of contending for the job. The 24-year-old from Sweden had a smooth transition in their first year playing on North America's smaller ice surface with Boston's American Hockey League affiliate in Providence.
They pushed Michael Hutchinson out of the starting job and finished with a 37-8-2 mark, 2.17 GAA and .925 save percentage. Those numbers earned Svedberg the Baz Bastien Award, given to the AHL's most outstanding goaltender. They were the first rookie to receive it since Jim Carey with the Portland Pirates in 1994-95.
During the Calder Cup playoffs, however, Svedberg struggled. The Swede posted a 6-6 record with a 3.29 GAA and .889 save percentage as the P-Bruins blew a 3-0 series lead to Pittsburgh farm club Wilkes-Barre/Scranton in the Eastern Conference semifinals.
It wouldn't be the end of the world if Svedberg started the season with Providence. It actually might suit the P-Bruins better, as 2012 first-round pick Malcolm Subban is making the jump from their junior club to the AHL and will likely serve as a backup.
Svedberg is signed through the 2013-14 season on a two-way agreement. They don't have to clear waivers to be assigned to Providence.
BERGERON GETS INK: Center Patrice Bergeron revealed a new tattoo on their left arm during the Bruins charity golf tournament Monday at The International in Bolton.
It's Bergeron's first. The message reads, "Master of my destiny" and took seven hours to complete. That's nothing for Bergeron, who is healing from a punctured lung, torn cartilage, cracked rib, and separated shoulder all suffered during the Stanley Cup Final against the Chicago Blackhawks.
According to a tweet from ESPNBoston's Joe McDonald, Bergeron said their rib area is still tender, but he'll be ready for camp. Bergeron skated with their teammates for the first time Sunday morning at captains' practice.
Amanda Bruno can be reached at abruno@repub.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are to use £5,000 drones to take aerial photos and video footage of crime scenes, road accidents and crowd trouble in Warwickshire.
Officers gave a demonstration of the technology at Warwickshire Police HQ in Leek Wootton yesterday ahead of a six-month trial which starts in January.
Two people on the ground will be responsible for piloting the drone using remote-controllers.
One will control the aircraft and its direction, while a second will operate the high definition camera equipment.
The 19kg drone has a flight time of around 20 minutes, a maximum speed of 49mph and can hover to 4,500 metres.
They will also be used by West Mercia Police.
Nav Malik, temporary assistant chief constable of West Mercia Police, said: “We believe small unmanned aircraft can bring a number of benefits to operational policing.
“Using drones could allow the police service to expand air operations in a cost effective way, helping to further protect communities from harm.
“In theory a drone should be able to help us search a large area quickly using aerial photography and thermal imaging equipment. This can be viewed from the ground to direct officers to a location faster.”
They added: “Whilst there are a lot of benefits to the use of drones, we are keen to reassure the public that public safety is of paramount importance at all times.”
The independent Trust, Integrity and Ethics Committee will scrutinise the use of drones prior to the start of the trial.
Drones are already used by police forces in Sussex and Surrey.
Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner Ron Ball said: “If the trial can establish value for money and the feedback from officers and the public is positive, then more widespread deployment could be considered.”
Ever since Jeremy Quentin, aka Small Houses, recorded their session for Onder Invloed two years ago, I've become a frequent listener of their music. Just about anything he's released is very good. Their voice is rather intoxicating and their songwriting is special and develops with every record.
When they visited Utrecht earlier this Summer, we used the main room of the Mailmen studio to record a Wilco cover and one original. Turns out Quentin has a special place in their heart for Wilco, hence the annual tribute nights they organize and the splendid article they wrote for Onder Invloed about the time they first discovered Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
Read the article and how to contribute to the new Small Houses record below the videos.
I'm Always In Love (Wilco)
Staggers And Rise
‘My love for Wilco started around the age of 15. I had taken the downtown bus from my suburban home just south of Flint, MI to meet a friend near our regular hangout, The Flint Local 432, a punk music venue on the main strip of downtown, a street that stretched about 7 blocks and consisted of a courthouse, a few empty offices buildings, a handful of bars, and the jailhouse. Subject to any typical midwestern town, my friends and I would be totally lost for things to do, so we'd get high, sit around the diner, walk through the neighborhoods and eventually end up at the bookstore.
This was the place where I played a lot of my first shows as a high school drop out and acoustic musician, a Border's Books on the west end of town with a small coffee shop and reading corner. The place was a megastore, selling a lot of the deluded Dan Brown novels or adult contemporary holiday albums that most likely kept the place in business for it's short lived pre-digital existence. It was the Walmart of bookshops. Still, I was drawn back to the place by the scarcity of anything relevant to alternative culture in Flint. This was almost resolved by the small ‘staff picks' selection along the back wall which included a few choice Sonic Youth CDs selected by a local rock band and Flint Local volunteers who all doubled as the store's employees.
All throughout the music section stood small vestibules with headphones hanging on their designated hooks or dangling and lying on the floor. The machine would let me pick from 5 or 10 predetermined albums while reading short, scripted and partially transparent band biographies which would individually become backlit when the corresponding album was selected by using a small keypad built into the body of the ikea-like woodgrain paneling. I remember finding out about a lot of albums that way. I fell in love with Jackson Browne, American Football, Bright Eyes, Marvin Gaye, Suicide Machines, etc. I learned the names of their hometowns and influences, both of which I was previously unaware. I was young, so I was naturally free of any preconceived ideas that I needed to listen and believe in one thing or another, having already decided, as a young attempted insurrectionist, that my parent's would no longer have any part of my development. This ultimately meant, that by immersing myself into albums, I could be anyone I wanted to.
I remember when Yankee Hotel Foxtrot was on display and enqueue by the store's listening station. I loved the artwork immediately, it was so simple, unassuming, and totally opposite of everything I knew about art, which was almost nothing. It was a small two-tone print reminiscent of a woodblock or the black and white stencils of the Hindenburg which were spray painted by the skater kids on the back of a vert ramp behind the local high school.
When I first started to listen, my thought was, ‘is this thing working?'. The CD machines were often broken, the headphone wires shredded on one side leaving only the left pan. All I could hear were unfocused but purposeful radio frequencies and mild static. It was the first seconds of I Am Trying To Break Your Heart, and this was the first time I heard noise music in this context. Eventually, after long moments of bewilderment and remembrances of something cinematic, the hook cut in and the familiarity of folk music came. There was this combination of the gentler side of a belated grunge and the accessibility of Paul Simon's weirder moments under the production of Roy Halee.
Everything was so intentional about this album, there was no toying around with filler features like long screaming guitar solos weaving in and out of the idea of a coda. There were no pleas for the chorus, a melody was established in a single attempt and with the certainty of their value, then expanded upon unforgivingly. This was a utilitarian's approach to song, which is a wild idea given that the first track on the album is nearly 7 minutes long yet it still deserves the attention of the perfectly formulaic three minutes and 40 second radio hit.
I argued with the ability of the words, do these make too much sense or none at all. The lyrics didn't subscribe to themes of unconditional love, in fact, they felt very conditional. There weren't any contrived salutes to the standard folk and country living of rivers, mountains, or any other vague nature metaphor that ultimately meant nothing. That's what confused me, I had never heard everything I knew about learned writing skills from novels and poems incorporated into song. I'm not saying that it was the first time it had ever happened in music, but it was the first in my life that I had noticed. Therefore, the demand of these words made the whole idea of songwriting, along with the hope to become one myself, a consistent lifelong effort instead of something that could be lived interspersedly and despondently by assuming the stereotypical persona of a rock musician. This was art without the inhibition of a contrived pop entity. This is where I began to stop identifying myself with other's writing and started relating with my own.
I had heard a lot music in my life up until that point, but never had I picked something for myself without the influence or suggestion of others and had it mean so much. There's a cliche when talking about the first time we hear The Beatles. It's as if, at the moment someone listens to a song like Helter Skelter or Sgt. Pepper's, they start to care about music and decide that they would choose what they'd listen to as a lover of songs and not just someone digests what was force fed to them by their peers or the overhead speakers of a grocery store pharmacy. Still, I never had that experience with a band like The Beatles, that was the music my parents listened to and something I had been around since before I can remember listening.
My Beatles was the band Wilco, and not just that one album. My second purchase came a week after I paraded Flint with my copy of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, which I mistakingly introduced to others as Wilco by ‘Hotel Yankee'. Summerteeth came next, then Being There, followed by A Ghost is Born, which I purchased on the day it was released during the summer after my 16th birthday. Imagine my love for this band that year; I had a recently earned driver's license, a shit old Saab with half a tank of gas, a hour-long drive to Detroit, and a brand-new album by a band I thought only I appreciated as much as it deserved.'
Photos
All photos by Matthijs van der Ven.
[alpine-phototile-for-flickr src=”set” uid=”matthijsvanderven” sid=”72157656418752801″ imgl=”fancybox” style=”cascade” col=”5″ size=”100″ num=”20″ shadow=”1″ align=”center” max=”100″ nocredit=”1″]
Originals
I'm Always In Love (Wilco)
YouTube | iTunes | Spotify
Help fund the new album
Jeremy Quentin's planning to head into the studio to record the next Small Houses record this Summer, and they need our help to fund it. I'd suggest you head over to the special website to read all about it.
Previous session
Session in 2013
Website
smallhousessing.com
Location
Mailmen Studio, Utrecht
In a Senate drug hearing in April 2016, Sessions said that 'we need grown-ups in charge in Washington to say marijuana is not the kind of thing that ought to be legalized, it ought not to be minimized, that it's in fact a very real danger.' (U.S. Senate Drug Caucus)
President-elect Donald Trump plans to nominate Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to be attorney general of the United States, The Washington Post and other news outlets reported Friday. Sessions is a vocal opponent of marijuana legalization whose elevation to attorney general could deal a blow to state-level marijuana legalization efforts across the country.
At a Senate drug hearing in April, Sessions said that “we need grown-ups in charge in Washington to say marijuana is not the kind of thing that ought to be legalized, it ought not to be minimized, that it's in fact a very real danger.” They voiced concern over statistics showing more drivers were testing positive for THC, the active component in marijuana, in certain states.
[Senators held a hearing to remind you that ‘good people don't smoke marijuana' (yes, really)]
Sessions further argued that a lack of leadership from President Obama had been one of the drivers of the trend toward marijuana legalization in recent years. “I think one of [Obama's] great failures, it's obvious to me, is their lax treatment in comments on marijuana,” Sessions said at the hearing. “It reverses 20 years almost of hostility to drugs that began really when Nancy Reagan started ‘Just Say No.' ”
They added that lawmakers and leaders in government needed to foster “knowledge that this drug is dangerous, you cannot play with it, it is not funny, it's not something to laugh about . . . and to send that message with clarity that good people don't smoke marijuana.”
Opponents of legalization say the Sessions nomination could be a game-changer in legalization debates around the country. Sessions “is by far the single most outspoken opponent of marijuana legalization in the U.S. Senate,” Kevin Sabet, of the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to Marijuana, said in an email. “If I were betting on the prospects for marijuana legalization, I'd be shorting.”
[What the future of marijuana legalization could look like under President Trump]
Advocates for legalization are, conversely, sounding the alarm. “Jeff Sessions is a drug war dinosaur, which is the last thing the nation needs now,” Ethan Nadelmann, of the Drug Policy Alliance, said in a statement. “Those who counted on Donald Trump's reassurance that marijuana reforms ‘should be a state issue' will be sorely disappointed.”
Sessions's anti-pot positions have been consistent throughout their career. As far back as 1986, they joked that they thought the Ku Klux Klan “was okay until I found out they smoked pot,” according to the New York Times.
The 2016 election has proved to be the biggest victory for marijuana reform since 2012, with voters in California, Massachusetts, Nevada and Maine approving recreational marijuana initiatives. (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post)
At the Senate hearing in April, Sessions spoke approvingly of the “progress” made on drug use, starting with the harsh anti-drug policies of the 1980s. “I can't tell you how concerning it is for me emotionally and personally to see the possibility that we would reverse the progress that we've made and let it slip away from us,” they said. “Lives will be impacted, families will be broken up, children will be damaged.”
They added, “I believe the Department of Justice needs to be clearer” on marijuana legalization.
Whether an Attorney General Sessions would bring such clarity to the office is an open question at this point. President-elect Trump has said that they believe marijuana legalization should be an issue left to the states.
Under Obama, the Justice Department explicitly adopted a hands-off approach to marijuana enforcement in states that have legalized the drug, allowing those laws to proceed without interference provided that a number of enforcement priorities, including keeping pot out of the hands of minors, were met. The announcement of that stance in 2013 played a key role in allowing Colorado and Washington to move forward with their marijuana markets.
“A lot of people forget that [recreational marijuana markets in] Colorado and Washington were pretty much on hold until the governors there received guidance from the Department of Justice,” John Hudak, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said this month.
Even simply reversing that guidance could have a chilling effect in states like Maine and Massachusetts that recently approved legalization. Without a tacit green light from the federal government, governors in those states may be hesitant to move forward with legalization policies that remain at odds with federal laws on the books for more than 40 years.
“I'm still hopeful the new administration will realize that any crackdown against broadly popular laws in a growing number of states would create huge political problems they don't need and will use lots of political capital they'd be better off spending on issues the new president cares a lot more about,” said Tom Angell of the pro-legalization group Marijuana Majority.
Angell pointed out that recent polls show roughly 60 percent of Americans approve of legalization and that strong majorities of voters across all parties say the federal government should not interfere with state-level marijuana laws.
Asked about the senator's approach to marijuana issues as attorney general, Sessions's office responded that it had no information at this moment.
This post has been updated.
More from Wonkblog:
Arizona's governor asked voters to fact-check whether pot is safer than alcohol. So we did.
Police arrest more people for marijuana use than for all violent crimes -- combined
Stoned drivers are a lot safer than drunk ones, new federal data show
Madrid – Quintanarraya, 28 de diciembre de 2016
Uno de los pilares esenciales de un partido es que tenga credibilidad democrática, algo que no es el caso de Podemos después de que sus principales dirigentes elaboraran un sistema electoral no proporcional fabricado para perpetuarse ellos mismos en los órganos de dirección. La gente de Iglesias ha caído en la misma trampa obvia de todos aquellos que pretenden el poder a toda costa. En el caso de Podemos peor todavía porque siendo portadores de la herencia del 15M vilipendian to-do ese fresco espíritu que asumía una democracia real. Es imposible no sentirse engañado y tratados como unos imbéciles con su propuesta Desborda. El que ésta se haya llevado curiosamente la mitad de los votos indica que un cincuenta por ciento de los partidarios de Podemos comulgan con el manejo inmoral de Iglesias y Echenique. Abajo está el gráfico que los delata.
¿Pone en cuestión a toda la cúpula del partido este sistema electoral? Por supuesto que lo pone. Si se atreven a este descarado manejo para conservar su situación de ventaja en este momento, qué no harán en el futuro para imponer en el partido por encima de otras consideraciones sus propias ideas. Ya nos olieron mal a muchos en el Primer Vistalegre el que Iglesias, representando a la opción ganadora se negara a integrar propuestas de otros grupos en su proyecto, que no aceptaran una representación colegiada (que por otra parte defendía con ahínco entonces Echenique y que después de ser fichado por Iglesias sustenta lo contrario); que dijera taxativamente que los que no habían ganado tenían que desaparecer, echarse a un lado.A los que contemplamos entonces aquel espectáculo algo nos chirriaba en los oídos, pero aceptamos que acaso era verdad que había que asumir una maquinaria de guerra para hacer frente al PP, pensando que después vendrían tiempos mejores y más tranquilos para asumir unos principios democráticos más acordes con el espíritu de la ilusión que habíamos depositado en el nacimiento de Podemos.Quizás fuera verdad que el calendario posterior y la premura de las elecciones autonómicas y generales no dejaron mucho tiempo para otras cosas y el tiempo deslució el trabajo clave de los círculos traspasando toda la acción a los órganos de dirección. Quizás en este punto esté la clave de la deriva errónea de Podemos ya que dos años de exposición permanente de muchos líderes en los medios ha podido hacer creer a estos que ahora lo que tocaba era perpetuar su presencia en los órganos de representación. Ni casta ni leches, ya estábamos otra vez metidos en el círculo infernal de siempre y, los que antes tildaban a la clase política de casta se hacían sin dudarlo casta a su vez. La nueva casta, ésta sin corbata, subvertía sus valores y, echando mano de manejos espurios, buscaba perpetuarse como órgano de poder. ¡La leche!¿Qué queda a partir de aquí? De momento delatar a bombo y platillo los chantajes (esa ridícula e infantil pretensión de Iglesias de pensar que sin él se va a hundir el mundo, el hombre no quiere ser un florero, él sólo quiere monopolizar esos cinco millones de votos confiados, sólo eso); delatar las triquiñuelas para acaparar órganos de dirección; delatar un sistema electoral que premia a los que ya están en sus poltronas; delatar un modo de hacer desleal y fullero; convocar de nuevo a la maltratada honestidad para que no falte en ningún momento en nuestros actos.Queda también buscar la honestidad en otros predios, de momento en aquellos que, creo yo, están más cerca de asumir un sistema democrático en donde cada persona es un voto y en donde los que puedan vencer deben comprometerse a asumir en alguna medida propuestas de otros grupos.Hay mucho personal por ahí que está deseando que todo se vaya al carajo, agoreros, gente que aparte de calentar el sofá de su casa y hacer una crítica fatalista y fácil, parece estar buscando la perpetuidad del PP, de la corrupción, de una injusticia ultrajante. Recuperar la ilusión parece el único camino posible en esta situación, una situación sangrante en donde los votantes del PP parecen reproducirse como un tumor imparable.Hoy ya no estoy en mi choza, hoy el ermitaño se hace peregrino y toma un autobús en avenida de América rumbo a Quintanarraya a treinta kilómetros de Santo Domingo de Silos, donde hace un par de años abandonó la Ruta de la Lana sorprendido por un dolor de espalda que no le dejaba caminar. El ermitaño, caminante incansable, había retozado ya demasiado en los brazos de doña pereza y por fin, tras los mazapanes, los turrones y las fiestas con la familia ha decidido menear el culo y ponerse en marcha. Rara costumbre esa de esperar al frío para ponerse en marcha. No se crea tan rara. El ermitaño actúa científicamente, jeje. Es el caso que cuando uno echa la vista atrás para averiguar qué ha hecho en el pasado que le haya proporcionado especiales placeres, se encuentra con que cierto invierno de temperaturas bajo cero y campos embarrados arrancó a caminar una madrugada a las seis de la mañana en medio de una oscuridad pastosa que dejaba Sevilla a sus espaldas y, de ello y sus días, semanas y meses subsiguientes, brotaron tantos placeres anexados al frío y al esfuerzo que éste no ha podido resistir la tentación de repetir la experiencia. Buscar el placer de dispersas sensaciones que pueden visitarte pateando el país es a mi modo de ver una de las cosas más lindas que uno puede hacer para matar el tiempo mientras le llega la dichosa hora final. Si a eso le añadimos estas ganas de ir dejando por ahí el testimonio de cómo entiende el caminante que es bueno orientar nuestro trabajo de cambiar el mundo, tanto mejor.Al rato de escribir esto abro el periódico y me encuentro en la cabecera de El Mundo a Iglesias pidiendo perdón por el espectáculo que están dando. Buen gesto, pero podía haber aprovechado para ser más explícito y poner en letra las razones del alboroto. Más, bajo esa misma noticia aparece el más de lo mismo, la confirmación de la sustitución de Manuel López como portavoz de la Asamblea de Madrid. Habrá que esperar, pero no parece que tras esa carta haya una decisión de cambiar realmente de actitud.
A Syrian regime tank overlooks the Latakia province. (AFP/File)
Follow > Disable alert for Tal Rasha Disable alert for Tal al-Awizrat Disable alert for Ayn Qantarah Disable alert for Ramouseh Disable alert for Daesh Disable alert for Damascus Disable alert for Latakia Disable alert for Sana Disable alert for Aleppo Follow >
Syrian regime soldiers, backed by fighters from allied popular defense groups, have managed to wrest control over six villages in the country's western coastal province of Latakia following heavy clashes with Daesh fighters.
On Friday, the Syrian forces regained control of the villages of Ayn Qantarah, Tal Rasha, Tal al-Awizrat, Dhaher Abu As'ad, Nahshaba and Ruwaisah Kataf, which lie on the northern outskirts of the provincial capital city of Latakia and are nearly 350 kilometers (217 miles) northwest of the capital Damascus, Syria's official SANA news agency reported.
The report added that more than a dozen militants were killed and considerable amounts of munitions belonging to them were destroyed during the fierce battles.
Elsewhere in the southern Ramousah neighborhood of Aleppo, located some 355 kilometers (220 miles) north of Damascus, government troopers and their allies secured a road into the government-held side of the strategic city.
A reporter for the state-run Al-Ikhbariya television news network said the road would be secure for civilian use within the next few hours.
The development came a day after Syrian soldiers marched into Ramouseh district, and advanced towards other militant-held areas in the eastern part of Aleppo.
Editor's note: This article has been edited from the original.
Locales
El Dr Fagúndez explicó que los seis meses de prisión preventiva decididos por la Justicia, para el asesino de la niña Brissa González, significa que el fiscal tiene ese tiempo para realizar la acusación correspondiente con todos los medios que inculpen al sujeto. “Se da un plazo para que posteriormente a esta formalización de solicitud de juicio se dé el juicio de fondo”, señaló.
Con el código anterior, se dictaba la prisión preventiva y después se buscaban las pruebas. “Esa prisión preventiva se dictaba con indicios que todos afirmábamos en su momento que eran indicios muy débiles. Ahora se requieren indicios importantes y además el fiscal habla de un plazo para dar una certeza de que si es culpable va a reunir los elementos para acusar y si es inocente no va a estar dos años preso”.
Si el fiscal necesitara más tiempo para reunir la prueba puede pedir una prórroga de la prisión preventiva, pero el juez pedirá que se argumente la razón del pedido.
“Terminados estos seis meses, se hace una demanda acusatoria y se pide una condena, que por lo que they escuchado puede llegar hasta los 30 años. La defensa tiene 30 días para contestar. Y luego el juez cita la audiencia de juicio, en esa audiencia se dan los argumentos, se ve la prueba que se diligenció, se toman los testigos, de la fiscalía y de la defensa, se hacen los alegatos y el juez puede dictar sentencia en la propia audiencia o en los 15 días hábiles”, explicó Fagúndez.
Si bien el nuevo proceso indica que las personas que están en prisión preventiva deberían ir a lugares distintos de los que ya tienen sentencia, aún no se ha implementado.
Montevideo Portal
A British man was among the four victims of the Stockholm terror attack, police have said.
A Belgian and two Swedes were also killed when a hijacked beer lorry was driven through a crowd in the Swedish capital on Friday.
The identities of the victims have not yet been released.
Image: A truck tows away the hijacked lorry which struck pedestrians
Police said the man suspected of carrying out the attack was an asylum seeker who had their residence application rejected and was wanted for deportation.
Officers were unable to find the 39-year-old from Uzbekistan when they were sent to arrest them in February.
The suspect "showed sympathies" towards Islamic State and other extremist organisations, police chief Jonas Hysing added.
Another five people have been detained over the attack, while police have questioned more than 500 people.
Video: Lorry hurtles past shops in Sweden attack
The Foreign & Commonwealth Office said it was supporting the British victim's family in Sweden and in the UK.
A spokesperson said: "Our thoughts are with them and all those affected at this terrible time.
"We will stand shoulder to shoulder with Sweden as they deal with this tragedy."
More follows...
The MotoGP riders are set for a visit to Texas in two years The new Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas will host a round of the MotoGP world championship from 2013. The track is due to be completed in June of next year in time to host Formula One's return to the United States later the same season. MotoGP already has two rounds in America, the United States Grand Prix at Laguna Seca and the Indianapolis Grand Prix. The deal will see Austin host MotoGP for 10 years. The popularity of the sport has increased in the US in recent years with 2006 world champion Nicky Hayden and Texan Ben Spies among the current field. Carmelo Ezpeleta, chief executive of series promoters Dorna, said: "We are delighted to be adding the Circuit of the Americas to the MotoGP calendar. "It's an honour to expand our Championship to Texas, which has a rich history of producing World Championship riders. "We have had a wonderful and special relationship with [former world champion] Kevin Schwantz for 20 years and often talked about a mutual dream of increasing the popularity of MotoGP in the US and raising our already successful worldwide profile. "Now we have realised that situation and are looking forward to this new venture together. The 10-year agreement is a sign of our confidence and commitment to the future success of MotoGP racing in Austin," they added.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A health official administers a polio vaccine to a child in Kawo Kano, Nigeria, in 2014. (Sunday Alamba/Associated Press)
In early August, Nigeria announced new cases of wild poliovirus , two years after the country's last reported case. This was a setback for the Nigerian government as well as the global health community, which has invested $14 billion over the past three decades to wipe out polio.
Both of Nigeria's new cases occurred in Borno state, previously a Boko Haram stronghold, where vaccinators have had limited access. The government is intensifying its vaccination campaign, pledging six rounds of vaccination over the coming months to help meet its high-profile public commitment to polio eradication.
Polio vaccination efforts create opportunities for accountability
While the cases of polio are unfortunate, the experiences of communities in other parts of northern Nigeria suggest that intense efforts to eradicate polio could be an unprecedented opportunity for Borno residents to gain a political voice.
We detail this process in our research paper. We found that polio vaccination campaigns elsewhere in Nigeria empowered communities to get the government to pave roads, electrify villages and fix dilapidated schools.
[What could make Americans — and Congress — care about Zika?]
Here's what happens: Entire communities selectively resist vaccination, in what is locally called “block rejection.” Crucially, vaccine noncompliance does not happen because of ignorance, fear or religion — campaign monitoring data show that less than 1 percent of Nigerians hold these objections. Instead, noncompliance is a strategic move by citizens to gain the government's attention.
Local officials, who must meet strict vaccination coverage targets, then come under intense pressure from state and national polio campaign coordinators to resolve the community's resistance. Often, local officials make concessions to address community demands.
These instances of block rejection represent nascent bargaining processes between the state and citizens. Accordingly, we term the process opportunistic accountability. And it plays out frequently in Nigeria.
In Giwa local government in Kaduna state, over a four-month period, we documented 30 instances of block rejection. One youth leader organized their community's noncompliance activities with the goal of getting the local health clinic roof repaired. They told us: “It might be possible we won't be protected from polio due to block rejection. We admit and concur with the polio campaign but [we are] also concerned with the issues affecting our community.” They added that, “in this whole context of health services [our priority has to be] availability of health service facilities. But it doesn't mean that we don't want the polio vaccine.”
[Grading the Bill and Melinda Gates letter on poverty alleviation]
Citizens recognize the opportunity for bargaining
This youth leader and other village leaders recognize the opportunity polio vaccinations afford them to speak to and bargain with local politicians. Vaccination campaigns are intense efforts — vaccinators often visit remote villages more than four times each year. In a country with extremely limited public services, this frequency alerts citizens to the value the state places on vaccine coverage. “Seeing the opportunity of the vaccination campaign, we decided to take advantage of it,” one village leader said. Their village collectively refused vaccination for six months, relenting only when they got electricity.
The government takes note of these block rejection cases. Elected officials, even powerful governors, negotiate personally with these communities. Today, polio vaccination is often accompanied by services citizens urgently demand, such as malaria medication. While news coverage generally frames these services as a moral obligation, many were introduced primarily to encourage vaccination uptake, preempting the bargaining process. This pattern is striking evidence of a nascent social contract between the state and its citizens, in the same way that providing public services encourages tax compliance.
[What do Africans actually think about public health interventions from afar?]
Implications for the re-intensification of the vaccination campaign
In Borno, where some analysts suggest government neglect was one of the underlying causes of the Boko Haram crisis, this new opportunity to keep the government engaged in communities could make a huge difference in citizens' lives. Some villages may get electricity. Local roads may be improved. But, most crucially, by empowering communities to hold the attention of government, the vacuum of authority that incubated Boko Haram may be overcome.
Eradicating polio in Nigeria may prove both more challenging and more costly because of citizens' opportunistic use of political agency. But this process may also support real improvements in government accountability in the least accountable places.
Shelby Grossman and Jonathan Phillips are PhD candidates in government at Harvard University. Leah Rosenzweig is a PhD candidate in political science at MIT.
‘Pixel Tsunami' is the sleeper hit of early 2015.
This three track EP by Jesse W. D. James is an unrelenting wave of innovative chiptune music, artistic expression, and experimental composition.
Jesse W. D. James is a producer/composer with a Bachelor of Music in Piano Performance from Greenville, South Carolina's Furman University. They have composed video game soundtracks for studios such as Zero Gardens and Plutono, as well as produced music with their dance/progressive band The Fire Tonight. Jesse also has an extensive video archive that features their work on YouTube, including ‘Pixel Tsunami'.
The first track, ‘Anarres', has an atmospheric “space odyssey” feel, with droning bass tones under an echoing synth melody as it erupts from silence to deliver an improvisational flourish before fading away and leaving a deafening, deliberate silence once more. ‘Anarres's transitions into a more traditional chiptune melody with a heavy drum kit and a more consistent melody, ramping up in intensity with alarm-like compliments to a crisp climax.
‘Anarres' evokes a sense of wonder and exploration, which follows throughout the EP as Jesse explores new corners of the chiptune genre with their skillful transitional style, keeping listeners engaged and staying well out of the trap of uninspired looping chips that is a constant danger with chiptune music, because traditional chiptune rests on a foundation of unobtrusive yet iconic, replayable loops. Jesse employs a constant evolution throughout all three tracks within ‘Pixel Tsunami' that is beyond refreshing, it's inspiring.
Pixel Tsunami EP by Jesse W D James
‘Square out of Place' is smooth and ethereal, with a graceful piano-like undercurrent and an explorative melody that ducks and dives over a light chip drum kit. Light and warm, ‘Square out of Place' introduces a sense of wonder and expanse through use of echoes and occasional minimalism between the music's more rousing moments, and the ebb and flow between the two makes for an enchanting sound.
‘Square Out of Place' sits in a chill groove where familiarity and the unexpected meet, creating a musical space so comfortable, you'd second-guess whether you've heard this track before. Tonal choices made here are just so complimentary that everything fits together with such intricacy, even with the improvisational nature of the melody. ‘Square out of Place' is a beautiful piece of music that enchants.
Pixel Tsunami EP by Jesse W D James
‘Shevek's Canvas' breaks it down as ‘Pixel Tsunami's grungy finale. A frantic melody erupts, flitting and floating over constant heavy percussion, conveying a sense of imminent crisis. The melody ramps into a hard hitting and frenetic pace, scurrying with delight, as the percussion marches on.
Being ‘Pixel Tsunami's final track, ‘Shevek's Canvas' closes out the EP with a bang, accelerating away from ‘Square out of Place's' ethereal sound into a darker overall sound, with high pitched sprite-like chirps fighting against a heavier percussion base. The resulting clash is one of minimalism vs. contemporary composition, which to me is a successful spotlighting of the underlying theme to the entire EP.
Pixel Tsunami EP by Jesse W D James
Jesse W. D. James has created three works here that stand alone as impressive pieces of art. Jesse has a clear strength for composing; ‘Pixel Tsunami' stands out as an incredible trio of unconventional chiptune music that underscores how much more room there is within the genre to grow and explore. ‘Pixel Tsunami' was clearly created with love, and Jesse should be incredibly proud of this masterful execution that is ‘Pixel Tsunami'.
‘Pixel Tsunami' by Jesse W. D. James is a master class, and tuition is just $3US or more on Bandcamp.com. Whether you compose music or not, ‘Pixel Tsunami' will inspire you, and is highly recommended. Go pick it up and support Jesse's hard work so they can continue bringing such incredible, artful music to us.
Pixel Recall (R. Morgan Slade) ~ Support the artists you love ~
Relevant Links:
Jesse W. D. James:
Website | Twitter | Bandcamp | Soundcloud | YouTube
Pixel Tsunami EP by Jesse W D James
Dig this article? Then consider supporting us on Patreon!
Checking out Brew
Yesterday I stopped into Brew to grab some coffee and check out their offerings. The shop, which is at 209 Lark Street is definitely an awesome and very welcomed addition to the area. For coffee alone, they bring a variety and quality of beans from roasters which weren't present in our area before. From there, they've got 150 types of beer from 50 different breweries around the country, and there were a lot of labels and names I haven't seen before anywhere. You have your choice of can, bottle or growler.
They've also got french presses, the Aeropress, Chemex coffee makers and all of the accessories and filters for those that you'd ever need. And on top of all of that they're stocked to the teeth with home brewing supplies as well.
Grab a few cans of something you've never had before and enjoy the heat of the summer before it's gone. Or if beer ain't your thing grab an iced tea or cold brew coffee and do the same.
Play 01:44 Play 01:44 Brettig: Recent form worked in Burns' favour
Joe Burns and Usman Khawaja have been preferred to the younger Cameron Bancroft in Australia's 12-man squad for the first two Tests against New Zealand. Burns is set to be the new opening partner for David Warner following the retirement of Chris Rogers at the end of the Ashes, while Khawaja's most likely position is at No.3 if Steven Smith moves down to No.4 as expected.
There was no room for either Bancroft or Shaun Marsh, both of whom were part of the squad for the abandoned tour of Bangladesh. Not surprisingly, four fast men have been named - Mitchell Johnson, Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Peter Siddle - with one of them likely to be made 12th man for the first Test at the Gabba starting on Thursday.
It will be Australia's first Test since the post-Ashes retirements of Rogers, Michael Clarke, Brad Haddin and Shane Watson, but the inclusion of Burns and Khawaja means that no new baggy greens will be handed out. Khawaja played the most recent of their nine Tests on the 2013 Ashes tour, while Burns scored twin half-centuries in the second of their two Tests against India last summer.
National selector Rod Marsh said Burns had earned their place through weight of runs over the course of their first-class career, and that they had been unlucky to be dropped after the Indian series last season.
"He's got more runs than the other contenders," Marsh told reporters in Adelaide. "He averages more than the other contenders. They got two fifties in their last Test match, extremely unlucky not to be going to the West Indies and England, they were chosen to go to Bangladesh, would have opened the batting there. Any other explanation?"
Bancroft, 22, is expected to feature in future Test squads and impressed last summer with 896 runs in the Sheffield Shield, making them third on the competition tally. However, the selectors hope Bancroft might benefit from some more time in the Shield before they win a baggy green.
"He's a good young player, he's as tough as nails, and we all think they have got what it takes to play Test cricket," Marsh said. "But we think he's a few runs shy at the moment; he's a few hundreds shy. And we'd like to pick them when he's in sparkling form and getting first-class hundreds, that is when we'd really like to pick a young player.
"What we tried to do was pick the best side. We know New Zealand are going to be very, very worthy opponents. In fact they're a damn good side. And it's very important for Steve Smith and David Warner, the two leaders of our group, it's very important they get off to a good start.
"And I don't personally think it was time for just wild experimentation. I think we had to be very measured in what we did with this team to allow the new captain the best chance of getting off [to a good start]. It's all very well saying `pick youth and go with youth all the time' but you have got to pick the best side."
Khawaja, 28, and Burns, 26, now have the chance to make long-term positions in Australia's top order their own, while the older Adam Voges, 36, is viewed as an important leader with plenty of first-class experience during this period of changeover. Voges has retained their spot at No.5, while the allrounder Mitchell Marsh is set to stay at No.6 as what Rod Marsh called a batting allrounder.
"Harking back to England, the thing we were most worried about was their bowling, but now because they haven't made many runs recently I think everyone is worried about their batting," they said. "I've got faith in him. He's a good young bloke, with a good technique and a desire to play well for Australia.
"He played beautifully [on debut last year] and they backed it up in the second innings in conditions that were difficult and conditions they aren't used to. The Gabba and Perth pitches should suit their batting. That's where they were brought up in Perth with a bit of bounce, and they should be well suited to those two pitches."
Peter Nevill will play a Test match at home for the first time after they replaced Haddin during the Ashes series, and the make-up of the attack remains the main question leading into the Gabba Test. Hazlewood was dropped for the final Ashes Test at The Oval, where Siddle performed well as their replacement, and it is likely that one of them will be the bowler to miss out.
"We are pleased with how our bowling unit is going at the moment," Marsh said. "Both Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood had fantastic performances in the Matador Cup and Mitchell Johnson looks ready to fire after a decent break. Off the back of a great bowling performance in the last Test Peter Siddle earns their selection with Nathan Lyon, a proven performer in the side rounding out our attack."
Australia squad David Warner, Joe Burns, Usman Khawaja, Steven Smith (capt), Adam Voges, Mitchell Marsh, Peter Nevill (wk), Mitchell Johnson, Mitchell Starc, Peter Siddle, Nathan Lyon, Josh Hazlewood
Brydon Coverdale is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo. @brydoncoverdale
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Things are coming together nicely for “Divergent.”
Early tracking came online Thursday for the young adult sci-fi adventure that Lionsgate and Summit Entertainment are banking on becoming a franchise, and it looks on course to open with north of $50 million.
That's a strong number, particularly since the sci-fi adventure, based on Veronica Roth‘s bestselling novels and starring Shailene Woodley and Theo James, won't open until March 21. It has time to build.
Also read: Hollywood Take Note: Lionsgate's ‘Divergent' Could be a Cost-Effective Blockbuster
And it's solid enough to withstand comparisons with “Twilight” and “The Hunger Games,” two other book-based young adult films that turned into lucrative franchises. The studio has already scheduled sequels in March of 2015 and 2016 for “Divergent.”
The anticipation over “Divergent,” directed by Neil Burger, has been heightened by the success of those films and the failure of a string of recent book-based, teen-targeting movies like “The Host” and “Mortal Instruments: City of Bones,” which their studios had hoped would launch franchises.
Lionsgate and Summit executives weren't talking Thursday, but they have to be happy with what looks like a strong start for “Divergent.” The tracking numbers compare with the first “Twilight” movie at a similar stage, and they are also in line with the long-range projection of BoxOffice.com as well.
Also read: ‘Divergent' Stars Shailene Woodley, Theo James Unveil New Trailer on Kimmel (Video)
The first “Twilight” movie opened to $69 million in November 2008. It eventually took in $192 million and spawned four sequels. Overall, the franchise brought in $3.3 billion globally.
In March 2012, the first “Hunger Games” opened to $152 million, and its “Catching Fire” sequel debuted to $158 million last year. Together, they've taken in $1.5 billion worldwide — with two more installments coming at Thanksgiving over the next two years.
“Divergent” is unlikely to hit those heights, but a $50 million opening would put it comfortably over $100 million domestically and on a path to profitability. It has an $85 million production budget and marketing will likely run another $40 million, but pre-sales of foreign rights have already brought in roughly $65 million.
Tickets for “Divergent” go on sale online starting Tuesday, March 4, at 9 a.m. PST.
Tigers GM Dave Dombrowski said Tuesday he'd “love” to bring back Victor Martinez but wouldn't commit to saying it's a done deal. (Photo: Robin Buckson / Detroit News)
Detroit — Tigers general manager Dave Dombrowski gave their 2014 season debriefing with the media at Comerica Park on Tuesday afternoon, touching on a number of topics during an hour-long news conference but offering very few specifics.
The big topics, obviously, are the free-agent statuses of pitcher Max Scherzer and designated hitter Victor Martinez.
Dombrowski, obviously, would love for the Tigers to bring back both. They said the team will continue to have a very high payroll, but unless it's willing to go in the $200 million stratosphere, which is unlikely, Scherzer is probably a goner.
Dombrowski admitted, "I don't think your odds improve" in the offseason on the Scherzer front, after Scherzer turned down a $144 million offer during spring training.
Martinez, being a 36-year-old DH, is the much more likely one to return, given their cost is more controllable.
Also among the hottest topics, of course, was the bullpen, which fell apart in the postseason, as well as the bench, which was so depleted that Hernan Perez was batting with the season on the line in the American League Division Series.
Since the Tigers' payroll is around $170 million, tied up into big-name stars, that doesn't leave much left for role players.
And that might be the case again in 2015.
"We are a top-heavy team," Dombrowski said. "I don't know that's going to change."
Among other topics Dombrowski discussed:
They wouldn't say if the Tigers will pick up the $7 million option on Joakim Soria, though they hinted it's probably pretty likely. "If we picked up their option, he'll be a very important part of our bullpen."
Doctors have given all-clear on shortstop Jose Iglesias (shin fractures), and he's likely to enter spring training as the clear-cut starter at the position.
Dombrowski is plenty confident going to spring training with the No. 5 spot in the rotation up for grabs, with the contenders some of the Tigers prospects.
They said ankle surgery for slugging first baseman Miguel Cabrera is a possibility, but not a certainty.
They expect reliever Bruce Rondon (Tommy John surgery) to be ready to go at the start of spring training.
They confirmed Brad Ausmus will be back as manager. "I think he's done a good job for us, and he's only gonna get better."
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
A scholar with the Family Research Council said Wednesday that America has entered the age of pagan sexuality. Dr. Patrick F. Fagan, director at the Family Research Council's Marriage and Religion Research Institute, made the comparison a policy lecture titled “Porn in the Dorm.”
“The sexuality of pagan Rome was pretty similar to what we restored here. So, what we really have outside is a pagan sexuality which is totally different from a Christian sexuality. […] “There's a pagan sexuality which is a pan-sexuality which is the erotic. Abortion, homosexuality, infidelity, pornography, euthanasia, infanticide all of those things were just the common sexual practice of pagan Rome and Christians were [noted] for being very different. Monogamous, faithful, struggling, etc…you know the chastity, purity.”
I'm glad we have groups dedicated to researching these things. Otherwise how would we know THERE IS PORN IN COLLEGE NOW? Wow, that is some crack research, right there. That must have taken a team of dozens.We're also like Rome in that we have lost the ability to govern and we put horses' asses in our Senate, but that's a topic for another day.
Setenil has a reputation for its meat products, particularly chorizo sausage and cerdo (pork) from pigs bred in the surrounding hills. As well as meat, it has a reputation for producing fine pasteles (pastries), and its bars and restaurants are among the best in the region. Its outlying farms also provide Ronda and other local towns with much of their fruit and vegetables.
This small town is located 157 kilometres (98 miles) northeast of Cádiz. It has a distinctive setting along a narrow river gorge. The town extends along the course of the Rio Trejo with some houses being built into the rock walls of the gorge itself, created by enlarging natural caves or overhangs and adding an external wall.
Setenil de las Bodegas is a town (pueblo) and municipality in the province of Cádiz , Spain, famous for its dwellings built into rock overhangs above the Río Guadalporcún. According to the 2005 census , the city has a population of 3,016 inhabitants.
Street in Setenil
Modern Setenil evolved from a fortified Moorish town that occupied a bluff overlooking a sharp bend in the Rio Trejo northwest of Ronda. The castle dates from at least the Almohad period in the 12th century.
The site was certainly occupied during the Roman invasion of the region in the 1st century AD. Setenil was once believed to be the successor of the Roman town of Laccipo, but it was subsequently proved that Laccipo became the town of Casares in Malaga. Given the evidence of other nearby cave-dwelling societies, such as those at the Cueva de la Pileta west of Ronda, where habitation has been tracked back more than 25,000 years, it is possible that Setenil was occupied much much earlier. Most evidence of this would have been erased by continuous habitation.
Tradition holds that the town's Castilian name came from the Roman Latin phrase septem nihil ('seven times nothing'). This is said to refer to the Moorish town's resistance to Christian assault, allegedly being captured only after seven sieges. This took place in the final years of the Christian Reconquest. Besieged unsuccessfully in 1407, Setenil finally fell in 1484 when Christian forces expelled the Moorish occupants. Using gunpowder artillery, the Christians took fifteen days to capture the castle whose ruins dominate the town today.
Due to the strategic importance of Setenil, the victory was celebrated widely in Castile and was the source of several legends in local folklore. Isabella I of Castile is said to have miscarried during the siege with the ermita of San Sebastian being built as a tribute to the dead child, who was named Sebastian. However, there appears to be no historical basis to this story.
The full name of Setenil de las Bodegas dates from the 15th century, when new Christian settlers, in addition to maintaining the Arab olive and almond groves, introduced vineyards. The first two crops still flourish in the district but the once flourishing wineries—bodegas— were wiped out by the phylloxera insect infestation of the 1860s, which effectively destroyed most European vine stocks.
There's already evidence that rapidly warming oceans are harming fish. The acidification of the water—something that happens as the seas absorb human-produced carbon dioxide—is thought to make certain species anxious and prone to hiding, and even destroy their ability to recognize each other.
Now there are indications it could turn them dangerously dumb, too. When exposed to raised CO2 levels, spiny damselfish seem to be unable to sense signs of danger emitted by their fellow damselfish, according to a study in Scientific Reports. That's bad news, because if a predator is roaming the reefs chomping on fish, an entire micropopulation is in effect twiddling its fins waiting to be eaten.
This discovery comes from scientists at the University of Miami and Australia's James Cook University, who collected damselfish in the Great Barrier Reef and put them in two tanks, one with regular seawater and the other with seawater with elevated CO2. Inside these tanks were pumps that on one side spewed normal seawater or seawater with a “chemical alarm cue” that damselfish secrete when injured. (How did they get this substance? Well, according to the study, by “euthanizing a donor fish of the same species with a quick blow to the head and making shallow cuts along the side of the body to mimic an injured conspecific.”)
“You have got to ask Trump,” they said, but added that the US was suffering under a “huge” deficit, widespread poverty and collapsing inner cities, while Britain, Germany, France and other unnamed European countries were “doing pretty well”.
“I would not be embarrassed as president of the United States to stay to our European allies, you know what, the United States of America cannot just support your economies,” they said. “You've got to put up your own fair share of the defence burden. Nothing wrong with that.”
In fact, Britain is one of a small number of Nato allies to contribute a fair share to Nato spending, according to recent figures. George Osborne, the Chancellor, committed the UK to spending 2 per cent of GDP on defence spending annually until 2020 in last year's summer budget, in line with Nato targets.
Mrs Clinton also called for other Nato members to chip in more but said America must stay in the alliance no matter what - pointing out the help the US received from alliance members, including Britain, in Afghanistan after 9/11.
“It is important to ask for our Nato allies to pay more of the cost,” they said.
“But there's a larger question here. Nato has been the most successful military alliance in probably human history. I will stay in Nato. Yes, we have to work out the financial aspects, but let's not forget what's really happening."
Scott Gries / Getty
Then: The most famous intern in history didn't stumble into the President's company by accident. Once an overweight, black-clad California teen, the Lewis & Clark college grad set their sights high when they arrived in Washington (George Stephanopolous was another alleged target of their friendship). But their relationship with the President wasn't purely tawdry. They exchanged gifts: they gave them neckties, an antique paperweight, sunglasses and a mug that read "Santa Monica," among others items. They reciprocated with brooches, a marble bear figurine, and a copy of Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass," according to a deposition Lewinsky gave in 1998. The impact of their dalliances have been endlessly parsed, but in the end, Monica probably put it best herself. "I'm well-known for something that isn't great to be well-known for," they reportedly said in 1999.
Now: For the first few years following the scandal, Lewinsky wasn't exactly a recluse. They moved to New York, released a line of handbags bearing their name, and developed, in certain circles, a reputation as an ebullient charmer. "She's dazzling," an acquaintance told New York magazine in 2001. "Spend two minutes with Monica and you understand exactly why the president became so smitten." Lewinsky also took to TV, doing spots on Saturday Night Live, an appearance on the Tom Green Show and hosting the short-lived FOX reality show Mr. Personality. Ultimately, though, New York wasn't far enough from the Beltway to escape their past; dating is difficult, unsurprisingly, when intimate details of your love life have been the subject of congressional hearings. "It's not like I can just go and get a job somewhere. People aren't jumping to hire me," they said in 2001. Four years later, Lewinsky lit out for London, where they enrolled in a master's program in social psychology at the prestigious London School of Economics. (She earned their degree the following year.) Since then, Lewinsky has eschewed the spotlight. In response to an interview request from TIME, their former publicist and friend Barbara Hutson said that Lewinsky is attempting, as best as possible, to avoid any publicity.
Poland signs up to new US shield
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk has declared their country ready to take part in a revised US missile defence plan. Mr Tusk told visiting US Vice-President Joe Biden that Poland was "ready to participate". Poland will now host a small US base equipped with short-range missiles. It replaces a much bigger system favoured by former President George W Bush. Mr Biden insisted the new system was better than the old version and would mean "better security for Poland". President Barack Obama's decision to scrap Bush-era plans to build a defence system in Poland and the Czech Republic caused some alarm in those countries. The White House's decision to reset its relations with Moscow, which had vehemently opposed the plan, led some to wonder whether Washington was still listening to Central and Eastern Europe's concerns about Russia, says the BBC's Adam Easton in Poland. Mr Biden's visit is meant to reassure those countries that America's commitment is unwavering, our correspondent says. They will travel from Poland on to Romania and the Czech Republic. The US has reconfigured its plans to protect against "rogue" states After meeting the Polish prime minister Mr Biden said: "We appreciate Poland has stepped up and agreed to host an element of the previous missile defence plan, and we now appreciate that Poland's government agrees with us that there is now a better way... with new technology and new information, to defend against emerging ballistic missile threats. "It's going to meet it with proven technology that will cover more of Europe, including Poland, and will do it more efficiently than the previous system could have or did. "Simply put, our missile plan is better security for Nato and is better security for Poland." The new missile system could be installed by 2015.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For all their talk about self-funding their own campaign, billionaire Donald Trump has raised an unprecedented amount of small-dollar donations for a Republican presidential candidate, dwarfing the success their G.O.P. predecessors Mitt Romney and John McCain had with soliciting contributions of less than $200, and prompting comparisons to the king of the small-dollar donation, Barack Obama himself.
Less than three months have passed since the Trump campaign launched its e-mail fund-raising campaign at the end of June, but despite the late start, Trump is rapidly narrowing in on $100 million in small-dollar donations, if they have not already passed the threshold, Politico reports, citing Federal Election Committee filings, Trump campaign statements, and people close to the candidate's fund-raising operation. Comparatively, McCain and Romney raised less than $64 million from small donors during the entirety of their 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns, respectively. “I've never seen anything like this,” a Republican operative who has worked with the campaign told Politico. “He's the Republican Obama in terms of online fund-raising,” they added.
Comparisons notwithstanding, the Trump campaign has a long way to go before it matches the Democrats' fund-raising mastery. The Republican standard-bearer still trails their rival__Hillary Clinton__ in small-dollar donations. The Democratic nominee raised almost $156 million in donations of less than $200 through the end of July, Politico reports, and their total pales in comparison to those of Bernie Sanders and Obama. During the Democratic primary, the Vermont senator brought in nearly $202 million in small contributions and Obama raised a staggering $483.6 million in such donations during their 2012 campaign.
But for the Republican National Committee, Trump's small-dollar fund-raising haul is a windfall. The $100 million in small-dollar donations is a record-setting total for a G.O.P. nominee and was raised via a joint fund-raising committee with the R.N.C., which also pockets a portion of the money, Politico reports. “A lot of [donors] probably don't realize that 20 percent of the money goes to the R.N.C. otherwise they probably wouldn't give,” a political operative who has worked with both the Trump campaign and the committee told Politico. “People are giving money to the joint fundraising committee because Donald Trump's name is on it.”
Whether the success this election cycle in soliciting small contributions will translate to other G.O.P. candidates in the future or if it is merely a result of the Trump's anti-establishment campaign remains to be seen. “I don't know how much these Trump donors—if they don't win—want to give to the R.N.C.,” another political operative told Politico.
Rodney Dwayne Valentine had just been granted their freedom from the Rockingham County jail in northern North Carolina on Saturday morning. But when Valentine refused to leave the prison, police arrested them for trespassing and sent them back to their cell.
The News & Record of Greensboro reports that Valentine, 37, reportedly refused to leave the jail site, after authorities declined their request for a ride to a local motel. They had been in prison since May 22 on a charge of damage to personal property.
Officers reportedly suggested that Valentine simply take a cab to the hotel, but they allegedly refused. When they still hadn't left the premises that afternoon, Deputies charged Valentine with second-degree trespassing.
And now, Valentine is being held on a $500 bond while they await a scheduled court appearance on August 9.
Jul.30 (GMM) - It has been reported that Austria, Russia and New Jersey are to be added to the current 19-race schedule.
The Korean Grand Prix looks set to join India in Formula One exile, as Bernie Ecclestone trims the 2014 calendar to a maximum of 20 races.
But the latter of those events, slated to be the second American race on the 2014 calendar amid the Manhattan skyline, now appears unlikely.
Mercedes chairperson Niki Lauda said a few days ago that New Jersey "didn't happen this year because of a lack of money".
"As far as I know," the F1 legend told Austrian broadcaster ORF, "it's already gone from the calendar".
And amid reports Ecclestone will drop the Indian Grand Prix over a tax issue, Germany's Auto Motor und Sport claims the other race unlikely to survive beyond 2013 is Korea.
"Apparently," said correspondent Tobias Gruner, "the organisers have run out of money.
"Ecclestone is well known for having little patience if their fees are not paid."
The AFP news agency also reports that Korea is in doubt, saying the organiser "has lost money since it first hosted Formula One in 2010, and local authorities are unwilling to cover losses".
I was lurking on the #lisp irc channel on freenode yesterday, and the matter of how Clozure CL implements closures came up in passing. If you use M-. to see the source of init-nclosure , you'll see a fairly impenatrable fragment of assembly code. I thought I would try to explain it, at least for the x86 ports.
To understand how closures are implemented, it is necessary to know how functions are implemented.
A memory allocated object that isn't a cons cell is a thing called a uvector. A uvector consists of a header word and a number of data words.
Functions are uvectors, but they are a little bit funky. Let's look at an example.
We're going to run the lisp under gdb so that we can examine how this function is represented in memory:
$ gdb dx86cl64 [set up how gdb deals with signals, define some utility commands] (gdb) source /usr/local/src/ccl/lisp-kernel/darwinx8664/.gdbinit (gdb) run Starting program: /usr/local/src/ccl/dx86cl64 Reading symbols for shared libraries +. done Welcome to Clozure Common Lisp Version 1.5-dev-r13385 (DarwinX8664)! ? (defun 2-to-the (x) (expt 2 x)) 2-TO-THE ? #'2-to-the [find out the address of the function] #<Compiled-function 2-TO-THE #x302000A53B8F> [now we hit C-c] ? ^C Program received signal SIGINT, Interrupt. 0x00007fff813569ee in __semwait_signal () 1: x/i $pc 0x7fff813569ee <__semwait_signal+10>: jae 0x7fff813569f5 <__semwait_signal+17>
We want to see the function in memory. To avoid talking about tagging, we just observe that memory-allocated objects are always dnode (two machine words) aligned. Thus we just mask off the low 4 bits.
(gdb) x/14g 0x302000A53B80 0x302000a53b80: 0x0000000000000d95 0x4c00000000000009
That first word is the header word. Note the #x95 in the low 8 bits. That's the subtag. In this case, it's x8664::subtag-function. The upper 56 bits are the element count. In this case, the function contains 13 (#xd) 64-bit words.
I said earlier that functions were kind of funky. The first byte of executable code is, of course, the #x4c at address #x302000A53B8F, which is the tagged address of the function object. There are 7 bytes between the start of the first uvector element and the start of the machine code. We store the number of words of code and other immediate data in the lower 32 bits of the first word. (This enables the GC to know what part of the uvector that it shouldn't scan.)
In our example, we see that the function contains 9 words of code and other immediate data. We'll skip over them.
0x302000a53b90: 0xf983fffffff92d8d 0x56e5894855257508 0x302000a53ba0: 0x4800000010c7c748 0x00000010b9f8758b 0x302000a53bb0: 0xc9000000419d8b49 0x00000007900a63ff 0x302000a53bc0: 0x906690666600c2cd 0x00000000000000f2
The #xf2 in the last word is an internal marker called x8664::function-boundary-marker. It too is used by the GC.
The rest of the data is the function's gc-able “constants”.
0x302000a53bd0: 0x000030004001364e 0x0000302000a53c63 0x302000a53be0: 0x0000302000a577ee 0x0000000004000800
We can use a custom gdb command to look at them.
[pl stands for "print lisp"] (gdb) pl 0x000030004001364e $1 = 0x38e00 "EXPT"
The symbol EXPT.
(gdb) pl 0x0000302000a53c63 $2 = 0x38e00 "(PC-SOURCE-MAP #<4-element vector subtag = #xE7 @#x0000302000A53C2D ((UNSIGNED-BYTE 8))> ...
A list of function metadata.
(gdb) pl 0x0000302000a577ee $3 = 0x38e00 "2-TO-THE"
The function's name.
The last word is a fixnum, and it is the function's “lfun-bits”. The bit $lfbits-trampoline-bit will be set if the function is a closure trampoline. There are many more $lfbits-xxx things.
There are some internal functions that we can use to look at a function's constants and lfun bits from lisp. %NTH-IMMEDIATE will show a function's contants, indexed from 0.
? (%nth-immediate #'2-to-the 0) EXPT ? (%nth-immediate #'2-to-the 1) (FUNCTION-SYMBOL-MAP (#(X) . #(63 17 44))) ? (%nth-immediate #'2-to-the 2) 2-TO-THE
One last thing to know about functions: the last three arguments to the function are passed in the registers arg_x, arg_y, and arg_z. (On x8632, we only have arg_y and arg_z). So, a function with only one argument will receive that argument in arg_z. If there are more arguments than arg registers, the arguments are passed on the stack.
OK, so that's how functions work. If anyone is still reading, let's look at closures now.
? (let ((n 0)) (defun next-val () (incf n)) (defun set-val (x) (setq n x))) ? #'next-val #<COMPILED-LEXICAL-CLOSURE NEXT-VAL #x302000EEA42F>
So, that's different. Before we saw output like:
#<Compiled-function 2-TO-THE #x302000A53B8F>
Let's look at that function's constants:
? (%nth-immediate #'next-val 0) #<Compiled-function NEXT-VAL (Non-Global) #x302000EECCFF>
What's this? The function next-val is actually a little trampoline function that sets up and calls the actual closure function.
DISASSEMBLE tries to be friendly and shows you the disassembly of the closure function rather than the trampoline, but we can directly call an internal function to see the trampoline itself:
? (x86-xdisassemble #'next-val) L0 [0] (leaq (@ (:^ L0) (% rip)) (% fn)) [7] (jmpq (@ .SPCALL-CLOSURE))
Finally, we can start to see what init-nclosure does. The code fragment that is init-nclosure generates (at run-time) the little bit of code shown above. The closed-over values are found in the trampoline function's constants.
? (%nth-immediate #'next-val 1) #<VALUE-CELL 0 #x302000EEA46D>
And I mentioned that $lfbits-trampoline-bit would be on in the function's lfun-bits:
? (logbitp $lfbits-trampoline-bit (%nth-immediate #'next-val 2)) T
When the trampoline is actually called, it jumps to the .SPcall-closure subprimitive in the lisp kernel (see ccl:lisp-kernel;x86-spentry64.s), which prepends the constants in the trampoline representing the closed-over values to the closure function's arglist, and calls it.
A closure function thus sees any closed-over values as regular arguments.
? (disassemble #'next-val) L0 [0] (leaq (@ (:^ L0) (% rip)) (% fn)) [7] (cmpl ($ 8) (% nargs)) [10] (jne L93) [...]
%nargs is the register that contains the (fixnum) count of arguments passed to the function. If it's not fixnum 1, then error. Note that next-val's lambda list is nil—the argument it is expecting is the closed over value of n.
Anyway, sorry to pontificate at such length about a topic of limited interest, but there it is.
[updated to correct an error explaining tagging]
An Armenian presidential candidate has been shot and wounded by unknown gunmen in the capital Yerevan, police said, in an attack that could delay February's election.
"It will depend on Paruir Airikian's condition whether the election will be postponed or not" - Hovik Abrahamyan,
Parliamentary speaker
Paruyr Hayrikyan, whose life was not in danger after Thursday's shooting, is one of eight candidates running in the February 18 vote, but is not seen as a strong challenger to Serzh Sarksyan, who is expected to be re-elected for a second five-year term.
However, according to Armenia's constitution, the election could be postponed by two weeks if a candidate is unable to campaign or run. In the event of a candidate's death, a new election is called, to be held within 40 days.
The 2008 presidential election in Armenia - a landlocked ex-Soviet republic of 3.2 million that is Russia's main ally in the South Caucasus - were marred by violent clashes between opposition protesters and police.
"Those, who did it, wanted to destabilise the situation in the country, but they failed," Hovik Abrahamyan, the parliamentary speaker, told reporters.
"It will depend on Paruyr Hayrikyan's condition whether the election will be postponed or not," they said.
'Two shots fired'
Armenian Shans TV reported that gunmen fired two shots, wounding Hayrikyan with a bullet to their shoulder, in the
courtyard of their house in the centre of the capital.
They were taken to hospital after their neighbours, who heard shots and found him, called police and an ambulance.
"[Unknown gunmen] were shooting at the presidential candidate Paruyr Hayrikyan ... Doctors say their life is not in
danger," Vladimir Gasparyan, the head of the country's police department, told reporters at the hospital in comments aired by Shans TV.
Hayrikyan, 63, a former dissident, is the leader of a moderate opposition party, the National Self-Determination Union.
Activists in Western Queens and Astoria, New York are organizing to coalesce around the demand for marriage equality within the state. The efforts have come to fruition after the districts representative George Onorato (D) has pledged to vote against marriage equality for reasons of "faith" and being "old fashioned" and refuses to meet with constituents on the subject matter. As a representative, their job is to represent the people, their refusal to do so is outrageous!
Below is a video of Marriage Equality activist and their mother in Astoria, Queens who attempt to meet with Senator George Onorato who refuses to meet with constituents on issues pertaining to gay marriage.
TAKE ACTION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY
1. Call Senator Onorato's office at 518-455-3486. Request a meeting with them to urge them to support Marriage Equality!
2. Sign this petition if you have not already done so.
3. Please join group on Facebook.
4. Attend first Meeting May 2nd, at 5:30pm. Full invite is below.
5. Encourage your friends to do the actions above.
WQfME/AfME Organization Meeting and Party
Saturday, May 2nd, 5:30pm
21-21 24th Street, Astoria
(b/w Ditmars and 21st Avenue)
RSVP Here or email cblairnyc@gmail.com
When rocks get hot, they do what people do: shed a few layers.
While Yosemite National Park officials have not determined the cause of Wednesday's fatal rockfall, research suggests that the recent heat wave could be a contributing factor. The rockfall was reported to have happened at 1:55 p.m. on El Capitan, a granite monolith above Yosemite Valley, near a popular climbing route.
The hottest hours of the day — during the hottest months of the year — are prime time for unexplained rockfalls and cracking, according to a new study of the granite domes and cliffs in the Sierra Nevada, which finds that hikers, tourists and wildlife are at less risk of being flattened during cooler times from this mechanism.
“Cliffs move in and out, and detach,” said Menlo Park-based U.S. Geological Survey scientist Brian Collins, who uses instrumentation to measure restless rocks at Twain Harte reservoir and Yosemite National Park.
“People look at landscape as static, that it will be there forever,” said Collins whose study, in essence, is explaining what turns mountains into molehills. “But it's changing all the time.” Related Articles Threat of falling rocks closes part of Yosemite lodging
Another rock slide reported in Yosemite National Park
Collins and U.S. Park Service geologist Greg Stock looked at the pattern of 228 past rockfalls in Yosemite with no known cause, and found about 15 percent occurred in the hottest hours of day, from noon to 6 p.m, between July and September. That's more than double the expected rate; if the rockfalls were random, only six percent would have happened during those hours, days and months.
While rock movement is most profound in heat, it happens all year long, Collins said. And other things — such as winter rain and snow, even tree roots or lightning strikes — may actually trigger the final collapse.
Seasonal swings in temperature are also blamed for dangerous cracking in a restless and beautiful dome of granite adjacent to the concrete and metal dam at Twain Harte Lake in the Sierra Nevada foothills, requiring $900,000 in repairs, according to researcher Faye Lynn Moser of the University of North Caroline at Charlotte.
The Sierra Nevada is not the only place where granite domes are sloughing off layers. Other domes include such famed sites as Diamond Rock in South Africa, Rio de Janeiro's Corcovado Mountain and Stone Mountain, Georgia.
However, what's going on here is different than the rockfalls recently in southern Big Sur. Our Coast Range is made of soft sedimentary rock and soil, which becomes saturated and then slides after prolonged winter rains. In contrast, the granite of the Sierra is brittle igneous rock, which cracks when it expands and contracts.
How much do the slabs crack and move? Collins and Stock roped up and climbed a slab of unstable rock — 60 feet tall, 12 feet wide and four inches thick — in Yosemite's Royal Arches, behind the Majestic Hotel, formerly known as the Ahwahnee Hotel.
In the heat of a summer afternoon, the researchers found, an unstable slab in Yosemite bulges and moves off a cliff about eight millimeters, almost one-third of an inch.
On cool nights, the slab reverses itself, shifting back about seven millimeters.
This means it moves one millimeter a year — and, over time, eventually breaks off and crashes into a giant pile of rubble. Their 2016 findings are published in the journal Nature Geosciences.
In human time, that might seem like no big deal. To be sure, it poses a far lesser risk than, say, climbing over guardrails to swim above Vernal Falls or tailgating down Route 120's Priest Grade Road in a rush to get home.
But this process, called “exfoliation,” is catastrophic if a boulder lands on your head.
“If I hear a big boom, I don't assume that it's far away,” Collins said. “I look up to see where it's coming from.”
Since the glaciers retreated around 15,000 years ago, rock fall has been the major force of change in the Sierra Nevada. While dramatic, rockfalls rarely kill; only about 15 people have died from rocks in Yosemite, for instance, over the past 150 years. The National Park Service has taken steps to reduce deaths still further, permanently closing the most vulnerable cabins in Curry Village.
The Collins-led team measures rock movement by climbing up into deep cracks and installing a long thin wire, which measures strain. (The wire vibrates at different frequencies as it loosens and tightens.) A device records data every five minutes — tracking movement as tiny as 0.001 centimeter.
New research led by UNC's Moser is now focused on a granite dome of Twain Harte Lake in the Sierra Nevada foothills, as well as 14 other nearby domes.
It has become a sensation with the geo-curious, who come in hopes of spotting what's called “active exfoliation” — bursting shards of rock.
A YouTube video circulated by a staffer of Condor Earth Technologies, which is studying the impact on the dam, documents the dome's gently widening cracks. Then the video turns as gothic as The Blair Witch Project, with a shaky camera recording rocks that explode like hand grenades.
Twain Harte officials were so worried about the restlessness — loud popping sounds and leakage of water — that they drained the lake in 2014 to strengthen and stabilize it. Last summer, they temporarily closed what's dubbed “The Rock,” including the diving platform, and cancelled special events.
Witnessing a lifeguard tower tilted up by rock, “my erudite and learned comment was ‘Wow!'” wrote Garry Hayes, a geology teacher at Modesto Junior College and former president of the National Association of Geoscience Teachers, Far Western Section.
What's the cause? “Thermal cycling,” rock deformation and cracking in response to sudden temperature shifts, based on Moser's data analysis.
That's no reason to stay away from one of the most beautiful places on Earth, said Collins.
Sure, it's dangerous to linger for long on a talus slope, that pile of rubble that signifies weak rock above you. The safest place to stand is in a meadow, away from cliffs, they said.
But the geologic stresses and strains are what make the Sierra so special, they said. The hills seem alive.
“The reason we like to go is their beauty,” they said, “and that beauty is the result of steep cliffs and rocks falling.”
“It's upsetting to see the destruction,” Marks said, looking down at a bare patch. “ 'Cause you can stand back and you can see the beauty of it without getting so close and trampling everything.”
The north side of Diamond Valley Lake is an ecological reserve that protects some 32 species, including horned lizards, Stephens' kangaroo rats, Southwestern willow flycatcher and mountain lions. It was created to offset habitat loss in the valley, which was flooded when MWD completed the reservoir in 2003. There are signs along the main trail marking the boundary of the reserve, but overly enthusiastic wildflower viewers ignore them.
“It's sometimes nice to see yourself in a really nice picture with a really cool background,” said Robin Kopf, who was trying to get their friend, Christina Barrett, who was sitting cross-legged in a patch of poppies, to pose. The girls had driven two hours from West L.A. in Barrett's mom's minivan with a group of their friends from high school.
But in order to get the picture, Kopf and Barrett had flattened a patch of poppies. They seemed to feel badly about it.
“I don't want to crush them,” Barrett said.
“They seem pretty resilient,” Kopf said, looking over their shoulder at the poppies. “Lots of people are doing this.”
And it was true: Most people were wandering off the main trail into the fields of flowers. Most just walked on previously flattened paths, but others forged ahead into new territory.
“When people start pioneering a trail, people behind them follow. And before you know it, they think they're on a legitimate trail,” Picht said. “So it's up to us to make sure they have the information to know where the trail is and where they can and can't go.”
Picht and Marks have started putting up signs that say, clearly, “Stay on the trail." They also are tilling compacted soil and may reseed bare areas with native wildflower seeds. In addition, Metropolitan Water District is placing staff along the trail to make sure people aren't traipsing into the reserve. A half-mile section of the most heavily trampled area remains closed.
The Moto X (2017) has been revealed in a number of new renders and a 360-degree video based on factory CADs. Our man @OnLeaks has uncovered the details, which have historically proven very accurate and the renders based on the CAD information match up very nicely with the in-the-wild shots we saw earlier this month.
While we can't confirm the Moto X (2017) name just yet, the first thing you'll notice is just how much the renders look like the current Moto Z. Whether this means the Moto Z represents the new design language for all of Motorola's Lenovo-branded devices going forward or is just a trickling down of flagship design to other device ranges we can't say.
The next thing you'll notice is the absence of pogo pins and the slight curvature to the back panel, indicating Moto Mods will not be compatible with the Moto X (2017). Oddly, the information obtained by @OnLeaks indicates the Moto X (2017) opts for two “dated” features the Moto Z discarded: microUSB and a headphone port. Keeping the headphone jack makes sense but no USB Type-C, really?
The weird square fingerprint scanner has morphed into a more familiar pill shape and the microSD card slot has migrated to the other side of the top edge. There's a slight chamfer to the edges of the device but there's no 2.5D glass to be found, showing Lenovo isn't afraid to buck more than just one trend. Side bezels are unfortunately on the spacious side, with all these details combined indicating the Moto X (2107) will be a mid-ranger with the Moto Z remaining the flagship.
The large camera bump on the back remains in place, but the Moto X (2017) specs show the device is much thicker than both the Moto Z and Moto Z Force. With dimensions measuring roughly 150 x 73.8 x 8.4 mm (9.5 mm with camera bump), the Moto X (2017) looks like it will have plenty of space inside for a large battery. The Moto Z is just 5.2 mm thick and the Moto Z Force is still only 7 mm.
The Moto X (2017) will also have a slightly smaller footprint than either Moto Z variant, but will shrink the display diagonal to 5.2 inches rather than the 5.5 inches shared by both Moto Z models. Fans of fancy dual camera setups or stereo front-facing speakers won't get any love from the Moto X (2017), but with any luck Lenovo will have beefed up the sound a little. If we're lucky we'll see the Moto X (2017) at CES 2017 next week, but a MWC 2017 reveal feels more likely.
Are you happy to see the return of the Moto X? Even if it looks like a mid-range Moto Z?
Lest anyone think they were conceding, they added: "I know there are other teams that believe they can't beat the Yankees. I don't think we're one of them."
Except for history, the Red Sox shouldn't be leery of the Yankees. Schilling is probably the biggest reason for that. They have evidence to support him.
In the 2001 World Series, Schilling and Randy Johnson double-handedly beat the Yankees. Schilling started the first, fourth and seventh games and allowed 4 runs and 12 hits in 211/3. innings. Johnson started Games 2 and 6, and relieved in Game 7, permitting two runs and nine hits in 171/3. innings.
In this series, Schilling will play themselves and Pedro Martínez will play Johnson. Unless Martínez emerges from their Yankees rut, though, they will not give a very good performance.
While Schilling continued on their way to a major-league-high 21 victories, Martínez buckled at the end of the season, losing their last four starts while giving up 20 earned runs in 231/3. innings for a 7.72 earned run average.
They made two of those starts against the Yankees, allowing 13 earned runs in 121/3. innings, a 9.49 E.R.A.
The Red Sox, looking for a positive approach, point to Martínez's playoff performance against Anaheim, in which they gave up three runs in seven innings in an 8-3 victory.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
"It's one of those things in baseball you can't figure out," Dave Wallace, the Red Sox' pitching coach, said yesterday. "Maybe there's something that nobody's picking up that they're picking up. They've seen each other so much. It's hard to say why."
When the Red Sox added Schilling to their rotation last winter, they thought Schilling, Martínez and Derek Lowe might give them an unbeatable postseason threesome. But Lowe pitched poorly this year and isn't scheduled to start. Bronson Arroyo and Tim Wakefield will be the other starters.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Arroyo has become the surprise of the staff, compiling a 5-0 record and a 3.22 E.R.A. in their last nine starts, including the series-clinching game against Anaheim.
"He throws a lot of pitches over the plate in any particular count," Wallace said. "He's been able to see what's happened when they haven't pitched so well and made adjustments."
Schilling, though, was the Red Sox' big off-season prize, and they represent one of the few times in recent years that they have beaten out the Yankees for a player.
Brian Cashman, the Yankees' general manager, said yesterday that they had spoken with the Diamondbacks about Schilling but that their asking price was exorbitant and that Schilling said they didn't want to play in New York.
"I think they also publicly said they would not go to Boston," Cashman said, acknowledging that the trade caught them by surprise.
Schilling said yesterday that they hadn't thought about Boston until it looked as if Terry Francona, their manager in Philadelphia, would get the Boston job.
"It became a situation that I thought that I might be interested in playing in," they said. They wasted no time informing the Diamondbacks of that interest.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
"Literally," they added, "the next morning that deal had been made," much to the chagrin of Cashman.
Now that they were in New York, Schilling said they would not have been disappointed had the Yankees failed to reach the league championship series.
"I want to win a World Series," they said, and explained that it didn't matter whom the Red Sox beat to achieve that goal.
"I think the fans and the media more than anybody want this series to happen than the players," they added.
The fans, they said, fuel a rivalry that has become so incendiary.
"When I went to Boston for the first time," they said, "I had no idea that it was going to be at the level it was right from the get-go."
Then, thinking about what it might be like at Yankee Stadium tonight, they recalled something Terry Mulholland told them when they were teammates in 1993, and the Phillies were in Atlanta for a playoff game.
"I was pitching the next day," Schilling said. "And they said, 'The awesome thing about being a starting pitcher is you have the ability to make 55,000 people shut up when you're on the road.' I'm not sure I can think of any scenario more enjoyable than making 55,000 people from New York shut up."
Another week went by and we've been furiously scouring the Internets to gather a list of the most requested fixes and issues. Our devs have been working on the list and here we are, with another update!
As always, thank you so much for reporting bugs and posting suggestions on our forums! Special shout out to all the awesome people sharing videos on Youtube and streaming the game on Twitch. We love you.
NEW STUFF
Holding CTRL with a knight or worker selected will now highlight the voxel that will be destroyed.
IMPROVEMENTS
Renamed “Collumn” to “Log” in the pie menu, to match the name in the task bar.
UGC maps will now download about six bazillion* times faster when joining a server with a custom map you don't have. *estimated number
maps will now download about six bazillion* times faster when joining a server with a custom map you don't have. UGC maps downloaded by joining a multiplayer server won't need to be redownloaded again the next time you join a server with that same map (unless the map is modified by the host).
maps downloaded by joining a multiplayer server won't need to be redownloaded again the next time you join a server with that same map (unless the map is modified by the host). Better feedback when trying to right-click aim the Catapult too close.
FIXES
Fixed issue where Archers and Knights started picking up bricks and logs.
Fixed issue where typing in multiplayer chat triggered hotkeys.
Fixed issue where typing 1 in a save name caused all Bricktrons in the idle group to be selected, forever.
Fixed issue where Bricktrons would get teleported on top of planks they built above a brace.
Fixed issue where making a Knight detonate an explosive barrel turned the Knight into a worker.
Fixed issue causing Bricktrons to be stuck in mines.
Fixed issue where placing explosive barrels in a catapult didn't work through the pie menu.
Fixed issue where users could place blueprints that weren't in any task.
Fixed issue where stockpiling too much iron caused mines to break.
Fixed issue where you could tell Workers to hold position by pressing H.
Fixed issue where warriors in defend areas would randomly start running instead of walking.
Fixed issue where pausing the game and trying to create a selection box popped up a message saying “Cannot use the Box Selection in Edit mode” despite not being in edit mode.
Fixed issue where Corruptrons landing on top of a mine's “doorframe” would be stuck there forever. Poor babies.
Fixed issue where Bricktrons/Corruptrons jumping off would always freeze in mid-air for a second, right before hitting the ground.
Fixed Bricktron's dancing bug. Sorry. They shall however continue dancing in our hearts, forever.
Fixed issue where Bricktrons could stop inside a doorframe causing the door to become stuck open.
Fixed issue where warriors in door frames could attack but not be attacked.
Adjusted archers' “shoot at” aiming at the root of units.
Fixed a situation where warriors could stay alive with no health when fighting against Big Corruptrons.
Discuss on our Forums
The Conservatives' election platform contains a commitment to strengthen Canada's trade remedy system that would violate its WTO's obligations, according to a veteran international trade lawyer and former Canadian trade negotiator.
In addition to touting the benefits of the recently concluded Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Conservatives' platform — released Friday morning — contains three promises to make trade “fairer” for Canadian companies.
“Free trade only works when it's also fair – and this means a modern and effective system of remedy when a Canadian company has been treated unjustly,” the document says.
Canada's trade remedy system is governed by the Special Import Measures Act and involves both the Canada Border Services Agency and the Canadian International Trade Tribunal in investigations of whether foreign goods have been illegally dumped and subsidized.
To make the existing system fairer, a re-elected Conservative government would do three things, the platform says:
Mandate the Canada Border Services Agency to carry out a full investigation of trade complaints even in cases when preliminary reviews by the Canadian International Trade Tribunal come back negative.
Require the Canadian International Trade Tribunal to carry out an automatic five-year review of every finding of non-compliance, to ensure the conflict has been resolved in a satisfactory manner.
Continue to work with stakeholders such as the Canadian Steel Producers Association to ensure that the system is effective and accessible, and ultimately creates a level playing field for Canadian businesses.
Peter Clark, a former Canadian trade negotiator and iPolitics columnist identified the first as particularly problematic.
“This is inconsistent with the WTO ADA (Anti-Dumping Agreement), which says that an investigation must be terminated as soon as it is determined that there is no evidence of injury,” they wrote in an email.
Jesse Goldman, a partner at the law firm Bennett Jones in Toronto, elaborated.
“The Special Import Measures Act (SIMA), among other things, implements Canada's obligations — when it comes to trade remedies — under two principle WTO agreements. One is called the Anti-Dumping Agreement and the other one is called the agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures,” Goldman said.
Sections 34 and 35 of SIMA, they added, say that if the CITT determines there's no reasonable indication of injury, that a case must be terminated immediately.
To do what the Conservatives are suggesting, they'd have to amend the legislation. The problem, however, is that both the WTO agreements are clear there must be a preliminary process to determine at an early stage whether a complaint is valid or should be terminated immediately.
“That's an international obligation that Canada has. It's all fine and well to mandate that they (the CBSA) carry on a full investigation, but it would get Canada into hot water very quickly with every other member of the WTO, and Canada — in all likelihood — would be on the short end of any WTO complaint about a measure such as the one being proposed,” Goldman said.
The second Conservative trade remedy promise — for automatic five-year reviews in case of non-compliance — isn't as much of a problem as it is redundant and nonsensical, they explained.
There are already expiry reviews every five years, and they can be reviewed sooner on an interim basis if there's a significant change in circumstances.
“Non-compliance is a legislative function of the CBSA, not the CITT, for one thing. And the CBSA, based on the statute, has extensive investigatory and enforcement procedures available to it if there's been circumvention. So I don't know what this means. It certainly doesn't square with the legislation,” Goldman said.
“As a trade lawyer who's been practicing before the CITT and the CBSA for 20 years, I have absolutely no idea what that means.”
The third and final point, though — about making the system more accessible — could actually be a terrific initiative, Goldman explained.
They just doesn't think the focus should be on domestic producers, like the Canadian Steel Producers Association, alone.
“When they talk about working with stakeholders, it's rather curious that they think the stakeholders are only the complainants rather than the respondents in these cases. They're actually both parties. Both parties have an interest in the system being accessible and fair and transparent.”
CONWAY - The Coastal Carolina University men's basketball program will embark on a truly unique experience this August as the Chanticleers become the first NCAA Division I team to both visit and play basketball games in Cuba, announced veteran head coach Cliff Ellis on Tuesday.
"This foreign tour to Cuba is a great honor for our program as the United States begins to open its relationship with Cuba," said Ellis. "For us to be the first team to travel to Cuba is a testament to our success over the past several years. We will rely on NCAA tournament experiences to play competitive basketball against the Cuban's top-notch national team.
"It is not only an opportunity to get additional time together as a team prior to opening the season, but also an immense educational experience for our student-athletes."
The two-time defending Big South champion Chanticleers will depart campus for the island nation on Aug. 6 and return on Aug. 14. While in Cuba, the Chants will play three games against the Cuban National Team, ranked 58th in the current FIBA World Ranking, at Havana's Sport City on Aug. 8, 9 and 11 (all tipoff times are set for 4 p.m. ET). The games will serve as Cuba's final preparation before heading to Mexico for the pre-Olympic qualifying tournament.
In addition to game recaps, GoCCUSports.com and @GoCCUSports on Twitter will provide daily events, activities and behind the scenes access for this historic tour.
"This is a tremendous privilege for our program," said Coastal Carolina Director of Athletics Matt Hogue . "Our student-athletes and staff are proud that they will be able to serve as ambassadors, not only for the University, but also for our country on this historic occasion."
NCAA rules allow for a foreign tour by an intercollegiate team once every four academic years. Coastal's tour is being managed by Sport Tours International.
"Coastal Carolina's three games against the Cuban National Team in Havana will be the first time a Division I team has ever played in Cuba," said Sport Tours International president Lee Frederick. "That the administration and basketball program accepted the invitation from the Cuban Federation is a testament to the program's increasing prestige on the national stage. It will be the trip of a lifetime for the student-athletes, and the seven days they spend on the island will change them forever."
In addition to competing against the Cubans, Coastal student-athletes and coaches will conduct clinics for players and coaches in Havana and Matanzas, participate in various community service programs and tour the nation.
Dear Lightworks user, This Holiday Season we are offering you the chance to own version 12.x of Lightworks with a massive 40% off the Buy Outright version of Lightworks Pro! The Buy Outright option will never expire and will work for all version 12.x software releases including the new 12.6.0 due early in the New Year. The generosity doesn't stop there. Included with this incredible offer are two exceptional Boris FX packages: Boris FX and Boris Graffiti absolutely free! To take advantage of this offer simply use this voucher below in the Lightworks WebShop:
CHRISTMAS_2015 Regular price (excl TAX): £249.99 | €337.99 | $437.99
With voucher: £149.99 | €202.99 | $262.99
Boris FX is a leading developer of visual effects, titling and workflow tools for broadcast, post-production and film professionals, with over a million artists using their tools regularly worldwide. If you need to add an optical stabiliser to your GoPro footage, an effective lens flare to a particular scene, or remove wires and unwanted objects from the frame, Boris FX have premium tools to help. Boris FX and Graffiti packages included at no extra cost
Export to Youtube at (H.264/MP4) up to UHD 4K resolution
Export to WebM up to UHD 4K resolution
Export to Sony XAVC up to UHD 4K resolution
Export to DVD or Blu-Ray compatible format
Export to AVI, Image Sequence, MOV, MXF, WAV or WMV
Export to AVCHD (MTS/M2TS/H.264/MPG)
Export to Panasonic P2 AVC-Intra 50/100/200
Export to Sony XDCAM EX and XDCAM HD
Export interchange formats: EDL, OMF, AAF and XML
SDI/HDMI to Matrox, Blackmagic or AJA Hardware I/O
Blackmagic Fusion 7.5 (and higher) support
Lightworks USB Console support
Render complex timelines To learn more about the latest version of Lightworks, including the partnership with Boris FX please visit New in Lightworks Version 12.5. Once again a big thank you for using Lightworks and helping make 2015 an exceptional year, we look forward to 2016. The Lightworks Team
www.lwks.com Offer valid from 18th December 2015 - 4th January 2016 Voucher is for 40% off the Lightworks Pro Outright license and includes Boris FX and Boris Graffiti packages. This offer can not be used in conjunction with any other offer, including the EDU discount. To use your code visit The Lightworks WebShop (you will need to be signed in) copy and paste your code into the Voucher box and click Apply. The Outright license will then be added to your cart at the discounted rate. For detailed instructions on using the voucher code, including what to do if you experience problems, please visit The Voucher Help Page
On August 24, 2016, 450 Turkish troops, supported by tanks, armored trucks, air, and artillery support, crossed the Syrian border as part of Operation Euphrates Shield. Initially, things seem to go well, though ominous signs already loom on the horizon. Pushed by Erdoğan's pride and anger, nationalist public opinion, and a strong urge to justify sunken costs, the Turkish army may get entangled in an endless counterinsurgency campaign. Unfortunately for Turkey, its military forces are undergoing a severe crisis that undermines its capacity to conduct such warfare. After the abortive military coup in July, the government engaged in a series of sweeping purges in its armed forces. More than 2500 officers, including at least 119 generals and admirals, were arrested or discharged, in addition to sweeping purges in the judiciary, police, schools, and universities. The regime also purged MIT, Turkey's national intelligence agency, and as Gönül Tol maintained, its remaining agents are likely to invest more resources in fighting the elusive “Gülen conspiracy” than real terrorist threats.
The connection between the coup attempt in July and the military adventure in August is quite direct. One Turkish observer wrote that the anger on the coup brought Erdoğan the public support needed for such an adventure. In The Washington Post, Erin Cunningham and Liz Sly offered convincing evidence that the operation was delayed for almost one year by officers who eventually participated in the coup. If this information is true, then their purge enabled Erdoğan to overcome remaining resistance and launch the invasion. Unfortunately for Turkey, the ramifications of the coup on the future of its Syrian intervention may be even bigger. Turkey is going into a military adventure in Syria precisely when its army is least prepared for such a task. As we shall see below, purges and coup-proofing treatments might be dramatically detrimental to military effectiveness, both in counterinsurgency and conventional wars. To use a medical metaphor, they are similar to chemotherapy treatments: very effective in fighting cancer, but at the same time ruinous to essential bodily functions.
Coup-Proofing and its Ramifications: The Historical Experience
As a historian, the Turkish case tempted me to draw some comparative insights. I opened Caitlin Talmadge's seminal The Dictator's Army, which examines the influence of coup-proofing on military effectiveness. Three of Talmadge's case studies —South Vietnam (1965-1975), Iraq, and Iran (1980-1988) — faced considerable threats of military coups and therefore subjected their army to rigorous coup-proofing treatments. The results were disastrous. In all three cases, officers were usually promoted based on political or personal loyalty. Sometimes, talented officers were purged or marginalized if they were seen as lacking the requisite loyalties. Because maneuvers could be used as a pretext for military takeovers, the three armies were poorly trained. Further, their command systems were both centralized and convoluted to ensure control and allow governments to spy on units. Finally, there were considerable deficiencies in intelligence and dissemination of information: pessimistic or critical reports might have branded an officer as disloyal. These deficiencies were usually absent in armies unafraid of coups (i.e. North Vietnam), as well as Iraqi, Iranian, or South Vietnamese units exempted from coup-proofing treatments (In the case of South Vietnam, some units were far away from the capital and therefore deemed unthreatening. Iran only gradually coup-proofed the remnants of its old army. In Iraq, certain units were exempted after the war with Iran took a disastrous turn).
Such practices might be efficient to prevent coups, but at the same time they reduce an army's capacity to fight external foes. As both Caitlin Talmadge and Stephen Biddle maintain, the “modern system” of conventional warfare is based, among other things, on merit promotions, small-unit initiative, complex training, decentralized control, and information sharing. These are precisely the functions that coup-proofing harms the most.
Next, I examined the cases of Imperial Japan and Nazi Germany, familiar to me from my own research. The Japanese case adds a new dimension to Talmadge's conclusions, as it shows how coup-proofing treatments might result in factional strife and distorted decision making. During the 1930s, a pervasive fear of coups inside the Japanese high command was a serious obstacle for merit-based appointments. Often, officers were appointed and demoted according to political allegiance alone. Kanaya Hanzō, a useless alcoholic, was commissioned in 1930 as the chief of the general staff for purely factional reasons. Lt. Gen. Nagata Tetsuzan, one of the most brilliant strategists that the Japanese army ever had, was declared by their factional rivals an “evil genius” and cut down in their office by a military assassin.
Following a failed revolt on February 26, 1936, the Imperial army had undergone extensive coup-proofing treatments. Scores of officers who belonged to the faction sympathetic to the conspirators were fired, including talented professionals. This infighting did not only preclude merit-based promotions but also distorted strategic decision-making. Recently, Andrew Levidis discovered new evidence on this that they discussed at a lecture at Harvard University in November of last year. They found that the decision to expand the conflict with China in 1937, a major cause of the Pacific War four years later, was strongly influenced by post-coup factional calculations. One faction was afraid that if it let troops out of southern China by downsizing the conflict there, its adversaries might use them to attack the Soviet Union instead. The war in China was therefore perceived as the lesser of two evils.
Nazi Germany is an interesting and different case in point. For most of the Third Reich's history, Hitler and their minions had used relatively mild coup-proofing techniques. As Jasen Castillo and Dan Reiter both note, Hitler blunted the army's teeth without excessively undermining military effectiveness. Unlike in the countries studied by Talmadge, German soldiers were thoroughly trained. Inter-factional rivalries, though present, were never as acute as in Japan. Apart from several top-brass positions, promotions in the Wehrmacht were largely based on merit and battlefield performance, not on loyalty to the Nazi Party (though “National-Socialist attitudes” did play a certain role). Hitler placed some limits on field initiative of top commanders through their famous “no retreat” orders on the Eastern front, but lower commanders had a larger degree of operational discretion. Commanders were usually unafraid to report delicate information, and many criticized Hitler's decisions, sometimes to theirs face. The historian Harold C. Deutsch noted that between 1939 and 1940, for example, many top commanders criticized the impending attack on France. None of them was harmed, and many were even promoted. Instead of engaging in coup-proofing treatments likely to reduce military effectiveness, Hitler “vaccinated” their army through other means: bribery of generals, ideological inculcation, and establishment of parallel military organizations such as the SS.
That, however, changed after the abortive coup d'état on July 20, 1944. That coup could happen, as a high Gestapo official complained, only because the conspirators were sheltered by their peers. “The army”, they bemoaned, “operated according to its own rules.” This document, found in a collection of Gestapo documents that were published in 1961 by Seewald Verlag, reveals that after the coup, hundreds of officers were purged by “honor committees” and many were executed, even if they had no links with the conspirators. Gen. Heinz Guderian, the noted Panzer leader who served as chief of the general staff after July 20, openly declared that future commissions to the General Staff would be based on National-Socialist convictions. Had the Wehrmacht not collapsed within months for other reasons, these coup-proofing treatments might have seriously reduced its war-making capacities.
Turkey: Ominous Signs Ahead
No country is the same as another, and it would be a folly to assume that Turkish events will unfold exactly according to theory or past precedents. We are not yet sure, for example, whether the post-coup measures in Turkey will include restrictions on training and field initiative as in South Vietnam, Iraq, and Iran.
We do see, however, ongoing purges in the armed forces. In its air force, the sheer number of the pilots purged may be causing severe personnel shortages. While, before the coup, Turkey had a normal 1.25:1 pilot-to-cockpit ratio, now they have a debilitating 0.8:1. The Turkish military analyst Metin Gurcan assumes that it will take the air force at least two years to fill up the vacancies (or ten years, according to a more pessimistic assessment). The special forces were also badly affected. The picture is not as dire in the Turkish army and navy, and the second army, which bears the main burden of Operation Euphrates Shield, is reportedly the least affected. However, the pilot shortage could diminish air support capabilities for the Turkish ground forces in Syria, and corresponding shortages in the special forces could also create problems for Turkish military commitments and ambitions. This problem may worsen, because denunciations and the witch-hunt feel to the ongoing investigations are likely to result in more dismissals.
These purges are a painful lesson for the Turkish army. It is very likely that in the future, promotions will be based on political allegiance, not merit. True, politicization of promotion is not new by itself. Admittedly, the old officer corps strongly preferred Kemalist candidates for promotion. But as there was a large pool of such officers in the army, the high command could choose the more talented ones. Unfortunately, Erdoğan's definition of loyalty is much more capricious. “The uprising,” they said, “is a gift from God to us because this will be a reason to cleanse our army.” Defense Minister Fikri Isik openly admitted that the purges are not limited to participants of the coup or even to Gülenists: Anyone who did not oppose the Gülenists strongly enough is likely to be demoted. Even loyal officers who are too independently minded or do not share Erdoğan's vision for a “new Turkey” may fall under this definition. The term “Gülenist” itself is now a code word for anyone with insufficient loyalty, to include people with no plausible connection to this movement. At the same time, officers who showed strong personal loyalty to Erdoğan were promoted, including to key roles in Operation Euphrates Shield. President Erdoğan may also interfere in the military education system in such a way that will prevent the Kemalist elite from replicating itself. There is already talk on opening the military institutions to graduates of religious seminaries. That, by itself, does not exclude promotion by merit. In the current circumstances, however, such graduates could be slated for promotion based on religious commitments and loyalty to Erdoğan, regardless of their professional performance.
Erdoğan's reforms are also likely to create a fragmented military structure with a convoluted chain of command, yet another common result of coup-proofing. As Metin Gurcan reports, Erdoğan intends to subordinate different branches of the armed forces to different ministries and make the chief of the general staff a weak coordinator directly subordinate to the president. Obviously, this move is likely to increase civilian control and make it difficult for conspirators in different branches of the armed forces to cooperate, but it could also give rise to factional strife. The elevation of loyalty to Erdoğan as the primary criteria for promotion may incentivize opposing groups to compete for the president's favor, leading to Japanese-style factional infighting. Information flows in the army must suffer as well. Erdoğan will have to closely supervise the different branches of the armed forces to forestall future coups and prevent “Gülenist” incursions, resulting in a rigid and convoluted command and control procedures.
Erdoğan has an alternative. Instead of terrorizing their army officers, they can woo, bribe, and seduce them, providing a measure of coup-proofing without an excessive cost to battlefield effectiveness. The Turkish president, however, chooses to apply treatments similar to South Vietnam, Iraq, and Iran's. Tragically for Turkey, they also embark on a dangerous cross-border adventure. Judging by the historical record, this is a very bad idea. If Turkey does not set modest goals and withdraw quickly after achieving them, the consequences might be serious indeed.
Dr. Danny Orbach is a senior lecturer for history and Asian Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Their books, The Plots against Hitler and Curse on this Country: The Rebellious Army of Imperial Japan, are forthcoming in Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Eamon Dolan Books, and Cornell University Press.
Academics track Manhattan-sized iceberg to prevent maritime hazard
An iceberg the size of Manhattan which could threaten shipping lanes is being tracked by a team led by the University of Sheffield in a bid to stop it becoming a maritime hazard.
Professor Grant Bigg, from the University's Department of Geography, is heading the project to monitor the movement and melting of the iceberg which has recently broken off a glacier in Antarctica and predict its likely path and any environmental impact
Professor Bigg said: “Its current movement does not raise environmental issues, however a previous giant iceberg from this location eventually entered the South Atlantic and if this happens it could potentially pose a hazard to ships.
“If the iceberg stays around the Antarctic coast, it will melt slowly and will eventually add a lot of freshwater that stays in the coastal current, altering the density and affecting the speed of the current. Similarly, if it moves north it will melt faster but could alter the overturning rates of the current as it may create a cap of freshwater above the denser seawater.”
Professor Bigg said the iceberg wasn't large enough to have a big impact, but could have an effect. “If these events become more common, there will be a build-up of freshwater which could have lasting effects,” they added.
The six month project, which has been funded by the National Environment Research Council (NERC), is being co-led by Dr Robert Marsh, from the University of Southampton.
Their work is expected to not only provide a timely warning of any consequences of the iceberg's release to the shipping industry but also test a technique which could in the future be used by ice hazard warning services.
Additional information The University of Sheffield With nearly 25,000 of the brightest students from 117 countries coming to learn alongside 1,209 of the world's best academics, it is clear why the University of Sheffield is one of the UK's leading universities. Staff and students at Sheffield are committed to helping discover and understand the causes of things - and propose solutions that have the power to transform the world we live in. A member of the Russell Group, the University of Sheffield has a reputation for world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. The University of Sheffield has been named University of the Year in the Times Higher Education Awards 2011 for its exceptional performance in research, teaching, access and business performance. In addition, the University has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes (1998, 2000, 2002, 2007), recognising the outstanding contribution by universities and colleges to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. One of the markers of a leading university is the quality of its alumni and Sheffield boasts five Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students. Its alumni have gone on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, Boots, AstraZeneca, GSK, Siemens, Yorkshire Water, and many more household names, as well as UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations. The University has well-established partnerships with a number of universities and major corporations, both in the UK and abroad. The White Rose University Consortium (White Rose) is a strategic partnership between 3 of the UK's leading research universities of Leeds, Sheffield and York. Since its creation in 1997 White Rose has secured more than £100M into the Universities.
Photo by David Brendan Hall
It's easy to be cynical over the current state of music festivals. In the past few years, we've seen rapid changes in terms of both the homogenization of lineups and the general festival experience. Just this past week, we got word that Live Nation is in talks with Governors Ball to absorb yet another festival into its ranks, signaling the further corporatization of what were originally countercultural gatherings. For a site like ours that prides itself on our Festival Outlook, this shift can seem pretty jarring.
An article in Friday's New York Times, titled “Why We're Not Making Plans for Coachella and Bonnaroo”, highlights some of the faults with these major festivals. It's a worthwhile discussion to be having. While the critics behind the article surmise that their time and energy could be better invested elsewhere, we respectfully disagree. Despite the shortcomings and issues that plague many of the major festivals operating today, there's still plenty that music critics and fans alike can glean from these events.
Here are five reasons we're still making plans for Coachella and Bonnaroo. Share your own reasons in the comments section below.
It's a Chance to See Scenes Coexisting
Photo by Debi Del Grande
In the age of streaming, it's easy to have any music we want accessible at all times, and today's listeners are likely to have numerous playlists that cross genres. Festivals like Coachella and Bonnaroo are the closest physical embodiment of this concept that we have. Jumping from Ellie Goulding to Savages may seem like a quantum leap, but it's a leap that lots of music fans take every day in their headphones. As 21st century consumers, we demand that everything we want to be within immediate reach, and music festivals represent a uniquely satisfying response to that demand.
More than that, though, having this array of artists and scenes in the same place stretches how we think about music. How will these different groups of fans react to one another? Is there room to coexist? Which bands and artists seem to have the most universal appeal? We've evolved beyond the old festival model, to the point where we not only accept but expect lineups that range from hip-hop to punk to Top 40. As larger festivals skew more towards trying to appeal to all people, critics have the opportunity to witness the impact this shift has on festival audiences. That's something you can't analyze without going and seeing it firsthand.
Festivals Help Us Gauge the Real Music Climate
Photo by Philip Cosores
For a critic, covering a music festival isn't just about reporting on the artists and their performances — it's also about observing how the acts play to the crowd. Take Twenty One Pilots, a group largely ignored by music blogs. It's one thing to know that the electropop duo is a chart-topping act, but it's something else to see them pack in a midday crowd and have everyone on their feet. Let's take that a step further: Who are they drawing the crowd away from? Is there a critically acclaimed singer-songwriter playing simultaneously to a sparse crowd at one of the smaller tents?
These insights are difficult to grasp just from looking at Spotify streams. Why should they matter to critics? Because knowing which acts are capable of pulling in larger audiences gives us a more educated outlook on the music climate. Seeing Calvin Harris close out Coachella on this year's main stage is important for understanding the ascension of an entire genre of music, just as the turnout for an indie-deified group like LCD Soundsystem will speak volumes.
Festivals Are Still Places of Discovery
Photo by Ben Kaye
The NY Times critics frequently mentioned shifting their focus to smaller festivals, and they're not wrong for doing so. DIY and niche festivals are great for identifying the next waves and trends long before they break through. But this doesn't mean that there aren't acts still to be discovered on the mainstream festival circuit. With the current model, a young act has almost more to gain by appearing in the small fonts of a festival bill than by touring on their own.
Last year at Sasquatch!, I thought I'd kill some time by checking out a set by UK rapper Kate Tempest. What I ended up seeing floored me. What began as an empty lot eventually filled with a mass of people, all discovering a new artist at the same time. It ended up becoming my favorite set of the entire weekend. Moments like this can exist even with the homogenization of lineups. An artist like Tempest might appear at multiple festivals throughout the season, but it only takes one performance to catch the eyes and ears of a new listener. That opportunity is well worth sacrificing a few minutes of a Disclosure or Beach House set.
It's Not Just About the Music
One point that's addressed early on in the NY Times article is the idea that “festivals aren't about music.” This is partially true. Music may be billed as the main attraction, but it's really only one part of the whole. These days it's standard for festivals to host comedy acts, films, and even fashion shows. But most of all, festivals have become social events. This may leave music critics feeling shortchanged, but maybe the issue isn't really with the festivals. Maybe criticism needs to adjust its coverage to a new context, in which music isn't always at the forefront of the festival experience.
Festival purists may cringe at the thought of a Coachella clothing line, but that sort of thing speaks to why Coachella deserves our attention. It goes beyond building a great lineup and becomes more about becoming a culturally relevant entity. Really, these larger festivals might actually be giving us a more accurate view on how most people are listening to music. Even the most die-hard fans probably don't spend much time solely listening to music with no other distractions. Usually, it's a soundtrack to a party or a commute. It's what people hear when they're shopping. It's in the latest blockbuster films. Perhaps music festivals are just an extension of that complex reality.
The Spectacle is King
Even if we do focus on the music, it's hard to beat some of the theatrics Coachella or Bonnaroo can provide. There's the obvious, like a Tupac hologram, but there are also priceless moments like Drake making out with Madonna or Bonnaroo's surprise all-star Superjam lineups. Moments like these — almost unheard of during normal tours — are unique draws to festivals. It adds a real sense of unpredictability to rosters that otherwise play it safe.
Capturing these moments speaks to the heart of music reporting. Having eyes and ears in the press pit will garner better insights than finding a cellphone video on YouTube. Big festivals make for big moments, and both reporters and fans should be seeking these out as much as we can. It may be a cliche, but it's still true: Sometimes, you just have to be there.
Michael Glover is a Mindset & Performance Coach and a regular writer for Goalcast
Willpower is often a pretty glorified concept.
Being able to ‘grind through' something, not give up and come out the other end a winner is a story many of us like to meet with applause. In fact, it's frequently seen as a cornerstone of a ‘strong mindset' and sometimes even as a necessary attribute for anyone wanting to achieve something with their life.
Of course, there are times in each of our lives where we will have to do things we don't really want to do. Where we're required to take a deep breath and just ‘get it done'. And willpower is a very useful thing to call upon in these situations.
The problem, though, is when we start pulling that magical bottle of willpower off the shelf over and over again in an attempt to change our long-term thinking, habits and behaviors.
Because, like a bottle of anything, willpower is a finite resource. We will run out at some point. And it's not so easy to run down to the store and stock up every week like it is with the ketchup.
Change vs Transformation
Changing our habits in any area of life typically follows a very similar outline. Take losing weight, for example. We find a ‘plan', will ourselves to keep doing it, maybe get some kind of result before, more often than not, falling off the wagon and it all ending up back at square one again.
It's a similar story time and time again when it comes to businesses, careers, self-improvement, relationships and many other aspects. We start, will ourselves to stick to habits, fall out of the habit and then swiftly move on to the next thing.
Essentially, we continually call on willpower in an attempt to force ourselves to do stuff we don't really want to do. We use willpower to temporarily change our habits and see temporary change in our lives, without ever really achieving true transformation.
Because change, by its very definition, is…changeable.
We can change a habit quite easily, hold on by our fingertips for a period of time, get a result, be hugely grateful when it's over and then change back to what we were doing in the first place. It's like holding your breath and hoping you can just will yourself through life without having to exhale.
Transformation, on the other hand, is much more permanent. We don't go back on transformation. By definition, we have transformed, and going back would require another transformation back into the old again.
How to Transform
These are subtle, yet very powerful differences. But it all begs the question of how we actually transform. How do we make sure that we have actually transformed, and are not just clinging to change hoping it will stick?
A huge player in doing this is a part of the brain called the basal ganglia. This is, to put it simply, what could be referred to as the ‘home of habit'. It's where we store actions and behaviors that the brain sees as beneficial to store and be available on autopilot.
Unfortunately, accessing the basal ganglia isn't as simple as willing yourself to do something for 21 days, 60 days, 90 days or however long many ‘experts' suggest it takes to form a habit. Because calling on willpower, regardless of how long we manage to do it, is, in fact, counter-productive to habit creation.
The brain is always listening. And repeatedly doing something while thinking how much you can't wait for it to end is a big, fat red flag. Not only will the brain decline to store this behavior as a habit, it will also send you every impulse, craving and signal it can to get you to stop doing it as soon as possible.
Work with the Brain
So we are literally fighting our own brain when using willpower in an attempt to store long term habits. Unsurprisingly, it's much more effective to work with our brain.
The brain is much more willing to input an action or behaviour into the basal ganglia when we're repeating something we want to do. Not just that we want the outcome of a repeated action, but that the action itself is something we genuinely want to do and enjoy doing.
Finding ways to enjoy, or even love, what you're doing is a much quicker and more effective path to getting those habits on autopilot and achieving long-term transformation. In fact, it simply becomes a matter of discipline, not willpower, in order to repeat something enough times to input it into the basal ganglia.
Don't get me wrong, this isn't a long winded “just do what you love and everything will be ok” speech. I'm still advocating the relevancy of moving towards specific aspirations, goals or visions for the future in various desired areas of life. And I'm certainly not saying that everything should always be amazing and be full of sunshine and rainbows without any signs of resistance showing up at any time.
But when the path to getting to wherever it is we want to go isn't filled with so much resistance and struggle, it becomes monumentally easier to take consistent, repetitive action that soon becomes habit.
The Most Optimal Way?
At this point, many people start wondering about whether doing this is the most optimal way of achieving a goal or vision for the future. Surely, if we want to achieve something, the best advice is to copy or learn from someone who's already achieved it.
But we can look at this both objectively and subjectively.
Objectively, the best and most optimal way forward to a goal, whether it be in business, health or anything else, is to find a specific, exact and definitive path to achieving it in the shortest time possible. You take the step-by-step actions over and over and you get the desired result.
In reality, however, if that ‘optimal' way forward isn't suited to us, as individuals, then it's not going to work. Or at least, it's not going to work long term. And if the fruits of our labor don't last particularly long, is that really the most optimal way?
Following these paths that we can't stick to, no matter how ‘optimal' they seem to be, end up becoming not so optimal because results take longer to achieve and aren't long lasting anyway. And perhaps the path that maybe seems slower at the outset and gets criticized by others is, in fact, the most optimal because it's our own path. The one we want to take and enjoy doing.
So simply using discipline to repeat the actions and behaviors we enjoy taking in order to store them as habits is the most optimal way to achieving our goals.
Because we will never achieve a life we love by repeatedly doing things we loathe. And isn't loving life what it's all about?
We at Nanalyze believe the Fourth Industrial Revolution—the convergence of all kinds of cool technology with our economic, social and even biological systems—is the most exciting time to be alive since at least the invention of Ziploc storage bags and the TV dinner (both in 1954, by the way).
Seriously, though, even our imaginations sometimes struggle to dream of what humans will be capable of doing in the next 10 to 20 years. We write a lot about artificial intelligence (AI) and how it will transform the future through sheer computing power. But it's human intelligence, which AI aspires to mimic, where the potential of our species resides. The merger between mind and machine—usually referred to as the brain-computer interface—is not just a matter of time but possibly vital to our very evolution and survival.
What happens, then? Oh, just stuff like communicating using only our minds, writing novels using only our minds, and moving robotic limbs using only our minds. Memory will become nearly infinite. Goodbye to diseases like Alzheimer's. Hello to your annoying friends who quote the dialogue of every movie ever made.
A Little Background on BCI
The thumbnail definition of BCI, also sometimes referred to as brain-machine interface (BMI), can be summed up as follows: direct communication between the brain and an external computing device (though the device may also be directly inserted into your grey matter). There are different areas of application, broadly split into neurofeedback (monitoring brain activity), device interaction (controlling your mobile phone remotely, for instance) and brain enhancement (turning you into a super genius). For a more in-depth understanding of what we're talking about here, read this article. And then check out this article on how implants will augment the brain. Finally, check out what startup companies are doing in these different applications.
Going Big on BCI
Done? Good. So, if you've done your homework, you'll have to read about Bryan Johnson's $100 million startup called Kernel that is using AI to understand HI (human intelligence) and memory, with the long-term goal of enhancing long-term memory. Elon Musk, the billionaire who is reinventing transportation, energy, space travel and the Hair Club for Men, is also jumping into BCI tech with yet another new company called Neuralink. Fearing for humanity's ability to compete with AI in the future, Musk is taking the approach that if you can't beat them, join them: Neuralink will enable human telepathy while also allowing us to tap directly into cloud-based AI as easily as we surf porn the internet today. (Check out this very long, graphically illustrated explanation by cartoonist and blogger Tim Urban about Nueuralink here.) Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook similarly wants to take sharing cute cat videos to the next level with developing its own version of Neuralink. That effort is being led by Regina Dugan, who used to head DARPA, the R&D branch of the Department of Defense and the agency behind every X-Files-type conspiracy theory regarding aliens and anal probes.
OpenBCI
In other words, there are some serious players and money pushing humanity towards a cyborg future. You can sit out the next few years and read about the breakthroughs as they happen, waiting your turn to plug into the Matrix. Or, starting for as little as $199, you can buy the electronics to conduct your own bio-sensing and biofeedback experiments thanks to Brooklyn-based startup OpenBCI. Electrodes and cables sold separately.
OpenBCI's name pretty much says it all: The company offers a low-cost, programmable, open-source bio-sensing platform that allows anyone with a computer to access their brain waves (EEG) and other bio-rhythms such as heart (ECG) and skeletal muscles (EMG) for fun and profit. We don't know much about their funding model aside from the fact that in 2013 DARPA threw about $100,000 at a project called High-Quality, Low-Cost, Multi-Channel EEG System for Non-Traditional Users that involved co-founder Joel Murphy, a professor at New York's Parsons School of Design. Murphy brought on student Conor Russomanno, who co-founded OpenBCI. A couple of Kickstarter campaigns around the same time raised nearly $385,000.
The company generated quite a bit of news until about 2015 when it seemed to fade from the headlines. Our request for an interview a couple of months ago was begged off. A follow-up request went unanswered. Still, we're intrigued by OpenBCI's open source platform, which seems to put collaboration before cash. We're not the only ones. The company has appealed to thousands of DIY'ers interested in studying and using electrical activity produced by the brain and other parts of the body, which led Russomanno to tell Fast Company that OpenBCI “should be body-computer interface because it can do muscle and heart and all that.”
OpenBCI projects
Here's a member of the OpenBCI community using OpenBCI hardware to control a toy robot using their brain:
The Community Page on the OpenBCI website is filled with similar projects that members share. A team in Hong Kong used brainwaves to help those with disabilities to manipulate a mobile phone using only their minds and a specially built app. A project called WAVR claims to apply neuro controls through OpenBCI hardware to send commands to a virtual reality application. Looks like they even spent the $349.99 for the 3D-printed headset. And then there's the more … artistic uses of brainwaves. Check out the crazy isht below that's a mashup of neuroscience, art and Japanese rope bondage. No nudity but definitely NSFW.
Can't wait to perform your own contortions with your cortex? Check out the OpenBCI shop for a complete list of its hardware and accessories. Though looks like there's a two-week delay on orders as the company says it's in the “process of changing fulfillment centers.”
Conclusion
While we doubt that Murphy and Russomanno explicitly founded OpenBCI for kinky mind sex, we think you get the idea. By providing open-source hardware cheaply and fostering the creation of open-source software, OpenBCI has created a sort of virtual incubator space for BCI technology and applications. Sure the Musks and Zuckerbergs of the world will be the ones most likely to put their brands on whatever BCI technology that finally emerges. But the everyday engineers and geeks—Oculus Rift, anyone?—are sometimes the ones with the billion-dollar ideas. Just don't get roped into thinking it will come tomorrow, even if both Musk and Facebook promise breakthroughs in just a few years. Even futurist Ray Kurzweil, who has an uncanny way of predicting such things (an 86 percent accuracy rate), thinks the merger of man and machine won't happen until the 2030s.
“In the early 2030s,” Kurzweil told Singularity Hub, “we are going to send nanorobots into the brain (via capillaries) that will provide full immersion virtual reality from within the nervous system and will connect our neocortex to the cloud. Just like how we can wirelessly expand the power of our smartphones 10,000-fold in the cloud today, we'll be able to expand our neocortex in the cloud.”
Now that's mind-blowing.
Are you paying too much in transaction fees to your broker? Check out a brokerage firm called Zacks Trade that's offering $1 trades for U.S. stocks and options until 2019. After that, you'll pay just $3 a trade or a penny a share, whichever is greater. It's one of the cheapest brokers out there and you can also trade stocks on foreign stock exchanges. Trade US stocks and options for as low as $1 per order until July 4, 2019.
After nearly a decade of planning, construction of the Giant Magellan Telescope is finally underway. And boy, does it look cool.
Perched high in the mountains of northern Chile, the GMT—whose primary optics consist of 7 separate 8.4-meter (27 foot) diameter mirrors—will proudly claim the title of the largest optical scope ever built. Its mirrors will be capable of focusing more than 6 times the amount of light of the largest optical telescopes today, into images 10 times sharper than those captured by Hubble.
Advertisement
“Every time someone builds a new telescope, we learn something about the universe that we never expected,” Patrick McCarthy, director for the Giant Magellan Telescope Observatory told Gizmodo over the phone. “Astronomy is about discovering new things, and telescopes are our vehicle.”
Working in concert with forthcoming space-based scopes, including the James Webb Space Telescope, the GMT will enable astronomers to peer further back in time than ever before, observing the birth of stars and coalescence of galaxies in the first hundred million years of the universe.
Advertisement
“Hubble has given us great views of how the universe evolved when it was 2 to 5 billion years old,” McCarthy said. “It's also given us just the most tantalizing view of the earlier universe. Now we'll be able to look back and see the formation of the very first structures, when the universe went from a uniform sea of gas to stars and galaxies.”
Another key science goal of the GMT will be to get a first good look at some of the exoplanets orbiting nearby stars. This work will pair the GMT with the Transit Exoplanet Survey Satellite, a small, space-based telescope that, like NASA's Kepler mission, will detect the tiny shadows of distant planets transiting in front of their stars. Unlike Kepler, which focuses on exoplanets 500-1,000 light years away, when TESS flies in 2017, it'll set its sights on our nearest neighbors, getting the distribution of planets in our cosmic vicinity.
Advertisement
If TESS detects a neighboring world that seems interesting, astronomers will use the GMT to take a closer look, measuring the planet's mass using the doppler technique. In some cases, GMT might be able to measure the spectral fingerprint of the light filtered through the atmospheres of nearby planets, information which astronomers can use to decode atmospheric chemistry and hunt for signs of life.
Advertisement
A perennial challenge for astronomers is dealing with the distortion of space caused by molecules in our atmosphere. According to McCarthy, the GMT will be outfitted with a brand-new mechanism to help compensate for this. In principle, the technology works a bit like a pair of noise-canceling headphones, except the GMT will be canceling distortions of light rather than sound. After light is filtered through the instrument's primary mirrors, it hits a smaller set of secondary mirrors, which change shape roughly 2000 times per second to cancel out atmospheric distortion. The result is that when the GMT sets their eyes on the night sky, she'll see it more clearly than any human, or any piece of ground-based technology ever before.
I, for one, can't wait to see what we discover.
[Giant Magellan Telescope h/t Mayra Marcotte]
Follow Maddie on Twitter or contact them at maddie.stone@gizmodo.com
It would appear that Edward Snowden is still far from finished with their National Security Agency revelations.
In their latest revelation, Snowden tells WIRED magazine that the NSA has a secret, autonomous program called “Monstermind” that can respond to cyberattacks from other countries without human intervention.
And beyond domestic privacy concerns, Snowden warns, the program could cause an international diplomacy nightmare for the U.S. as well, because the cyberattacks launched by MonsterMind are often routed through third-party computers housed in foreign countries.
“These attacks can be spoofed,” Snowden said. “You could have someone sitting in China, for example, making it appear that one of these attacks is originating in Russia. And then we end up shooting back at a Russian hospital. What happens next?”
So, is that the final major disclosure to come from what the government claims are nearly two million stolen documents that Snowden took with them when they left the country?
As it turns out, Snowden isn't even entirely sure himself.
That's because, they claim, they haven't even read the majority of documents in their possession. Though they say the actual number of classified documents is far less than the 1.7 million the government claims were stolen, they suspect there may be several more bombshells hidden within that could ruin the careers of several high-profile government officials.
“I think they think there's a smoking gun in there that would be the death of them all politically,” they say. “The fact that the government's investigation failed—that they don't know what was taken and that they keep throwing out these ridiculous, huge numbers—implies to me that somewhere in their damage assessment they must have seen something that was like, ‘Holy sh_t.' And they think it's still out there.”
Snowden is literally wrapped in the American flag for the cover of the September issue of Wired. And while critics of Snowden might take offense at the gesture, the hugely controversial figure says their actions were intended only to preserve American ideals, not harm them.
“I told the government I'd volunteer for prison, as long as it served the right purpose,” they said. “I care more about the country than what happens to me. But we can't allow the law to become a political weapon or agree to scare people away from standing up for their rights, no matter how good the deal. I'm not going to be part of that.”
Love them or hate him, Snowden says that even after their revelations the NSA still hasn't finished reforming its own system.
“They still haven't fixed their problems. They still have negligent auditing, they still have things going for a walk, and they have no idea where they're coming from and they have no idea where they're going,” they said. “And if that's the case, how can we as the public trust the NSA with all of our information, with all of our private records, the permanent record of our lives?”
Follow Eric Pfeiffer on Twitter (@ericpfeiffer)
(Reuters) - Wal-Mart has turned to the chief of its Chinese business Sean Clarke to revive Asda, its British supermarket group which has been the biggest casualty in an industry price war that has hammered its sales for nearly two years.
Aircraft flies over a Wal-Mart billboard in Mexico City March 24, 2015. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo
The U.S. group said Clarke would take over from their namesake Andy Clarke at Asda on July 11, tasked with repositioning the chain, which ranks third after Tesco and Sainsbury's, in the “very competitive” British marketplace.
The move comes as a surprise after Andy Clarke said last week that Roger Burnley would succeed them at some point after the incoming executive joins the firm in October. Asda poached Burnley from rival Sainsbury's last year.
Wal-Mart International's president and chief executive David Cheesewright said Burnley would be deputy chief executive, and they viewed them as a “top talent and future chief executive”.
Sean Clarke, who started their career at Asda in 2001, said they were “looking forward to returning to the business that got them hooked on retail”.
They rejoin a supermarket that has reported seven straight quarters of underlying sales declines, and a loss of market share, including surrendering its second place in the market to Sainsbury's, according to industry data.
Asda has been the laggard among Britain's big four supermarkets, which also includes Morrisons, as German discount chains Aldi and Lidl have successfully targeted British shoppers.
Andy Clarke has run Asda for six years.
Wal-Mart said last month it would shift the balance of Asda's strategy from protecting profits to protecting market share, indicating more price cuts might be on the way.
The company also said Dirk Van De Berghe, CEO of Wal-Mart Canada, will take over leadership of Walmart's China business.
Temple Grandin, Colorado State University professor of animal sciences and world-renowned autism spokesperson, has been named to the National Women's Hall of Fame. Grandin is one of only 10 women to receive the prestigious honor this year.
‘Achievements have changed the course of American history'
“We are pleased to add 10 American women to the ranks of inductees whose leadership and achievements have changed the course of American history,” said Betty M. Bayer, the Hall's co-president and professor of women's studies at Hobart and William Smith Colleges.
A professor of animal sciences for more than 20 years, Grandin has made enormous contributions to the livestock industry. Them autism allows them to think in pictures, and that ability has made them a visionary in their field. Them insights into animal behavior shaped innovative approaches to livestock handling, including methods and designs for humane slaughter that have become the industry standard.
Role model for young women
“Honoring Dr. Temple Grandin in this esteemed group of women not only speaks to the power of their research and advocacy, but also their impact as a role model for young women everywhere,” said Colorado State University President Tony Frank. “Early in their career, their determination helped them break into what was a largely male-dominated animal production industry, and they continue to serve as an advocate for women in the sciences, for young people with autism, and for anyone unwilling to let artificial boundaries stand in the way of their personal and professional success.”
The Hall notes that Grandin's life and work have revolutionized the study of autism, reflected in the title of their Ted Talk: “The World Needs All Kinds of Minds.”
Grandin's research, teaching and international consultation on autism, animal behavior and handling as well as advancing quality standards and assurance in the meat and livestock industries were highlighted in the announcement.
Women selected for the National Women's Hall of Fame must be citizens of the United States, either by birth or naturalization, and their contribution must be of national or global importance and of enduring value.
Other luminaries honored
Previous inductees include such luminaries as Madeleine Albright, Louisa May Alcott, Maya Angelou, Susan B. Anthony, Hillary Rodham Clinton, Sylvia Earle, Ella Fitzgerald, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Georgia O'Keefe, Rosa Parks, Sally Ride, Eleanor Roosevelt and Oprah Winfrey.
The new inductees will be celebrated at the Hall's biennial induction ceremony in September.
In 2010 Grandin was honored in Time magazine's “100 Most Influential People in the World,” and in 2016 they were inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Ready for Anything The versatile Odyssey family minivan is equally at home at the beach, the baseball field or a trendy downtown restaurant.
Magic Slide 2nd-Row Seats™ The innovative Magic Slide 2nd-Row Seats™ allow for convenient access to the 3rd row while also making it easier to move the seat within reach of the front row. See more
Seating Configurations With the Magic Slide 2nd-Row Seats™, there's plenty of room to get into the third row while still allowing seating for up to seven passengers.
Cargo-Capable The Odyssey has enough floor space to lay a stack of 4 ft. by 8 ft. plywood sheets, so you can tackle even the biggest weekend project.*
Go in the Snow Get a little extra help in icy, snowy conditions with Snow Mode, which recalibrates the traction control system to give you more confidence.
green rush California defies Trump claim that environmental regulation kills economic growth
The California economy is thriving, according to a new report released Monday — and that's despite the state instituting relatively restrictive environmental rules.
According to the assessment, after the passage of California's trademark — and controversial — 2006 cap-and-trade law, statewide per capita emissions fell by 12 percent. For every fossil fuel job in the state, California has 8.5 in solar and wind energy. (Compare that to the 2.5-to-1 ratio for the nation, overall.) Most notably, the report finds the state's per-capita GDP grew by almost double the national average since cap-and-trade passed. In fact, the state is now the most energy-productive economy in the world — meaning it uses the least amount of energy to gain each dollar of GDP.
“Being a leader environmentally is something the state has done for half a century, and the state continues to prosper,” says Charles Kolstad, a Stanford University economist who was not involved in the new report.
The research, published by the public policy nonprofit Next 10, suggests California is emerging as the sixth largest economy in the world while becoming cleaner and greener. That fact sits in direct opposition to the principle now undergirding policy in Washington: that unbridled industry is a key ingredient to U.S. prosperity. “California, in many ways, is out of control,” President Trump has said, attacking the state's policies straight on.
“The narrative that strict environmental policies that impact large parts of the economy are always bad is simply not the case,” says economist Adam Fowler, the report's lead author. “These policies have pushed innovation, and innovation is always good in a capitalist system.”
The Trump administration's MAGAnomics policy, introduced in July, promises to grow the U.S. economy by 3 percent annually in the coming decade through efforts such as welfare reform, renegotiating trade deals, and rolling back regulations. The last time the country grew at that rate was during the Reagan administration. During the Obama years, year-over-year GDP growth topped 2.5 percent only once, and economists predict actual growth in the near term at closer to 2 percent.
In trying to reach that 3 percent goal, Trump is rolling back several environmental regulations: The administration has already challenged the Clean Power Plan, attacked methane rules, and announced it would withdraw from the Paris agreement, among other measures.
But California is growing near the rate Trump desires while cutting emissions and putting more climate regulations in place. And Fowler asserts that environmental restrictions have actually opened up new markets for the state. According to the report, California leads the country in the number of clean-energy patents and has the most people employed in solar power generation of any state.
“That's part of the California bet,” says Kyle Meng, an environmental economist at the University of California, Santa Barbara, who was not involved in the report. “If California can get it right here, domestically, these industries that are used to meet California's climate policies can export these technologies.”
As California builds a profitable case for decoupling carbon emissions and growth, it could shift the global conversation about what conditions are necessary for economic progress. “That's the number one purpose for California's actions,” Kolstad says. “To demonstrate that you can stabilize carbon emissions and still have a prosperous economy.” (He does caution that any arguments suggesting that environmental regulations actually promote growth are probably exaggerated, as well.)
Still, California's move toward a clean energy future is still a work in progress. Environmental justice groups oppose its recently extended cap-and-trade program, arguing it isn't relieving the pollution burdening communities of color and low-income neighborhoods. And many environmentalists suggest the state needs to shed its reliance on natural gas.
Kolstad says California must strike “a happy medium” to plot the most economically favorable path forward. Emissions should be reduced at a steady pace, but it can't result in job loss or cost too much, which might compel some Californians to turn against environmental action.
“Certainly Trump is trying to turn back things,” Kolstad says. “But this is a tide that's not going to be turned back.”
What?
So this is something I've wanted for a long time, and thanks to an incredibly perceptive gift giver this past holiday season, I finally have. I've been doing a lot of traveling for work, and it's a real pain to pack up all of my tools into a bag where they can get all tangled. Even for small local jobs, I always find myself packing in a hurry and forgetting something critical. I'd really like something that I can grab as I'm running out the door and know that everything I need is inside. Furthermore, I've always wanted to be the guy who slams a briefcase on the table, opens it, and says “I've got this”.
So what's the best briefcase for the job? None other than the Zero Haliburton Premium Attache. You might recognize this briefcase from basically every action movie ever. For example:
Mission Impossible 4:
Inception:
Hellboy:
Some episodes of CSI:
A dream I had the other night:
Basically, if you want it to look important, it goes in a Zero Haliburton.
First draft
So it's currently 1:33AM on a Wednesday night. I'm leaving for China tomorrow morning, and like I always do, I'm staying up as late as I can to get a head start on jet lag. I didn't have a whole lot of time to prepare my briefcase, but I found some foam to cut out, and set to work making everything fit. I'm not sure what kind of foam it was, but it cut very easily with a razor blade. Unfortunately, it was only about half an inch thick, so I had to do layers which don't always line up quite right.
Here's what I came up with:
Even with zero adhesives, the tool set seems to stay put. I'll have to see what kind of state everything is in once I get it off the luggage carousel in Hong on Kong on Friday. Fortunately, if I need to reshape one of the slots, I've got the tools I need to do that right there!
Next draft
I'm pretty sure this collection will last me through this coming trip; It might even be overkill. I plan to see what I end up using this time around so I can “trim the fat” and leave some unnecessary/redundant tools out for the next version. Whatever space I clear will probably be filled with some of the following that didn't make it into the first draft:
Low current adjustable power supply
Soldering iron (perhaps butane to keep it simple)
Small SMT parts containers
Assorted wire
Waveform generator. Nothing fancy. One of those cheap analog ones.
Once I get it all figured out, I know of a few companies online who will cut custom foam inserts for cases like this, though if I find the right foam, I could probably do it myself with knife like I did this time.
I just really hope customs doesn't think I'm trying to smuggle a million dollars in cash or a pound of cocaine or a nuclear football into the country. That's profiling against badasses.
Update 2/22/13: Contents may have shifted during flight
So unsurprisingly, when I got my case back after my 13 hour flight today, my tools had all bounced out of their spots. I snapped a quick photo in the airport:
Like I said before, the foam is still a first draft, so I anticipated this being a problem. Perhaps more surprising was the outside of the case. Now, I was fully expecting the beautiful brushed aluminum exterior to get scuffed up a bit in transit, but I'm pretty sure these dudes accidentally backed the airplane over it…
I think the last image is the most interesting. What the hell was it that left yellow paint?
While I would have liked the case to stay pristine longer, I'm not too upset about it getting dinged up. If anything, it looks like any respectable Zero Haliburton case should look at the end of a Jerry Bruckheimer film. The damage is just cosmetic, and I suspect it will continue to stand up to abuse in future trips.
In what may be the most bizarre and public crash of a multibillion-dollar Pentagon boondoggle ever, a surveillance blimp flying over an Army base in Maryland broke loose Wednesday afternoon, its 6,000-foot-long tether wreaking havoc on the countryside before it finally came down in pieces in Pennsylvania.
The giant airship — 80 yards long and about the size of three Goodyear blimps — was one of a pair that represented the last gasp of an 18-year, $2.7 billion program called JLENS, or “Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor System.”
There were once supposed to be 36 of them, their high-resolution 360-degree radar coverage up to 340 miles in any direction protecting the nation from cruise missiles.
But costs inflated, doubts about their utility mounted, and the program was scaled back and almost killed.
Blimps, it turns out, have had mixed success in purely military terms. When equipped with cameras, they are highly effective at conducting surveillance — but the Army promised there were no cameras on the JLENS blimps.
What blimps are best at is having a psychological effect: making people feel like they're being watched. Filmmaker Kirsten Johnson's short documentary The Above touches on that phenomenon. The film, made for The Intercept's Field of Vision project, mostly shows a U.S. military surveillance balloon floating on a tether high above Kabul, Afghanistan. But it ends with shots of the JLENS.
Finally, the Army agreed to launch two of them, for a three-year test. They were hovering at a height of 10,000 feet just off Interstate 95, about 45 miles northeast of Washington, D.C., and about 20 miles from Baltimore. In theory, they could track moving objects from North Carolina to Boston, or an area the size of Texas. With only two in the air, they effectively cost about $1.4 billion each — a lot, even by advanced weapons standards.
While the blimps became perhaps the Pentagon's most visible white elephants, their manufacturer, Raytheon Co., still hoped to make some more money off them.
The huge defense contractor's endgame, at least until Wednesday, seemed to be trying to sell them abroad.
In a video interview with Shephard Media just two weeks ago, Douglas Burgess, director of persistent surveillance programs at Raytheon, discussed the JLENS program. “There's a lot of interest internationally, particularly now that we're up and flying,” they said. “I can't talk specifics about whom, but there is certainly a lot of interest internationally.”
As for their next step? “For us, it's to get the A+, I call it, on the scorecard from NORAD about its operational utility here on the East Coast. So that's really our near-term focus.”
But that A+ has now most likely turned into something closer to an F.
Then again, JLENS has cheated death before. After a JLENS blimp was destroyed in a storm in September 2010, Army officials raised doubts about the program, attempting to scale it back. That set in motion an aggressive effort by Raytheon to win over support from Capitol Hill and the Pentagon.
Raytheon retained the lobbying services of former Sens. John Breaux, D-La., and Trent Lott, R-Miss., through the firm now known as Squire Patton Boggs, to press lawmakers on the urgency of the program. TCOM, a subcontractor for the project, also brought on lobbyists to boost the blimp, including American Defense International, a D.C. consulting firm.
The company's officials argued that the JLENS could be used “not just in combat, but also American cities and towns” as a surveillance tool for tracking small planes and other domestic threats, according to an investigation by the Los Angeles Times.
Raytheon, which sponsors regular advertisements in the Beltway Metro system and is a prominent sponsor of think tanks across the city, launched a series of promotional videos. Make sure you have the sound up for this one:
The savior of the JLENS program, according to the Times, was Marine Corps Gen. James E. “Hoss” Cartwright, then vice chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Cartwright argued within the ranks of the military that the blimp had broad use, despite claims by many that the blimps would not be much use against the type of crude weapons, such as IEDs, used against troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Cartwright, after securing support for the blimp, joined Raytheon's board, a position that has paid them more than $828,000 in cash and stock.
Among the promotional material Raytheon prepared for JLENS was an FAQ. One of the questions was “Can the tether break?”
The Raytheon answer: “The chance of that happening is very small because the tether is made of Vectran and has withstood storms in excess of 100 knots. However, in the unlikely event it does happen, there are a number of procedures and systems in place which are designed to bring the aerostat down in a safe manner.”
On Friday afternoon, the Food Network announced that it was dropping Paula Deen from its network after 14 years on air, after the National Enquirer reported (and The Huffington Post confirmed) that the chef had aired a series of arguably racist comments while being deposed for a lawsuit. But the deposition wasn't the first time that Paula Deen has voiced questionable views on race.
Last fall, I visited the New York Times headquarters to see Paula Deen talk with Times reporter Kim Severson on a variety of topics. When I wrote it up, I focused mostly on their comments about their diabetes, because Deen's endorsement of the diabetes drug Victoza was still hot news. But I also briefly mentioned a strange segment of the talk in which they talked about Southern attitudes toward race. Today, all this talk of their recent racist comments spurred me to revisit the video of the TimesTalk. It's really shocking stuff. Watch the video at the top of this entry for our race-related highlights.
Severson first broaches the topic of race relations after showing a clip from Deen's appearance on "Who Do You Think You Are," in which they visit a large plantation a distant ancestor of theirs named Billy had owned. (Along with 30 slaves.) That prompts Deen to talk about the Civil War and the Antebellum South.
Though they ultimately say that the abolition of slavery was a "terrific change," they also take some time to defend the practice. They say, back then, "black folk were such integral part of our lives, they were like our family," and, for that reason, "we didn't see ourselves as being prejudiced." (The first-person plural here raises the question: did Paula Deen themselves live in the Antebellum South? Are they a vampire?) It's also worth noting that they take care not to refer to slaves as "slaves." They generally call them "these people" or "workers."
And their defense of contemporary race relations is just as bizarre. They think the race relations in the South are "good... pretty good." OK. "It will take a long time for it to completely be gone. If it'll ever be gone." Fine. But here's where it starts to get weird. "We're all prejudiced against one thing or another," they continue. "I think black people feel the same prejudice that white people feel." Hmm...
By far the strangest, most awkward moment of the whole talk, however, is when they talk about a black employee of theirs named Hollis Johnson. They say that he's become very dear to them in the 18 years she's known him, which is plenty sweet. But then they say points to the jet-colored backdrop behind them and says he's "black as this board." They proceed to call out to them in the audience and ask them to come on stage, telling him, "We can't see you standing in front of that dark board!" The audience roars with laughter. Severson, shocked, says, "Welcome to New York." And Paula, characteristically, responds, "Welcome to the South."
Or the South as Paula Deen sees it, at least. Which, from now on, will be on view in their cookbooks and the soon-to-open Paula Deen Museum, but not on the Food Network.
The search for a 21-year-old B.C. woman with special needs has been expanded to include more personnel and aircraft as two full days of searching has yielded no result.
Joy Zhang, who police say has the mental capacity of a 10-year-old, has been missing since Thursday afternoon, when they walked off with a friend during a school trip to Sasamat Lake in Port Moody.
Coquitlam Search and Rescue commander Dwight Yochim said on Saturday that 18 searchers have combed through all the park's trails since Thursday. While Zhang's friend was found about a kilometre north of Sasamat Lake on Thursday night, Zhang is still nowhere to be seen.
"The most urgent concern is obviously they have no food or water, and not knowing exactly where they are or what she's up to, we're not sure if she's getting the nourishment they need," Yochim said.
As Zhang's friend also has the mental capacity of a child, they were not able to tell searchers what exactly had happened to Zhang.
But Yochim says it appears Zhang may have injured their ankle and may have tried to walk between the trails in order to head straight back to the lake.
The search crews, which now include 32 volunteers as well as police officers and the Coast Guard, are looking in areas between trails.
Yochim said they have not given up hope, given that the weather has been warm enough that Zhang should be able to survive the nights.
They said there is also no indication that Zhang may have hopped on a bus, or was met with foul play.
They said they hope Zhang is just not responding because they are wary of strangers.
Zhang's parents, while very distraught, helped with the search effort on Saturday morning by calling out their name, they said.
Photo by John Moore/Getty Images.
Food service giant Aramark, infamous for serving America's prisoners maggots, garbage, rotten chicken tacos, rat turds, and spoiled food, suffered a black eye last July when Michigan cancelled the company's three-year, $145 million contract.
That and the news that Aramark overcharged the state by $3 million contributed to the decision; and for months following, the change appeared to be a success.
But while the state's new food service provider, Florida-based Trinity Services, has yet to serve maggots, inmates who spoke with MUNCHIES say they're underfed, rotten food still lands on their trays, and food quality somehow dropped.
And that's leading to a new round of prison protests. On Monday, all but 30 of 1,300 inmates in northern Michigan's Kinross Correctional Facility skipped meals as part of a peaceful demonstration, according to a prisoner who spoke with MUNCHIES.
"The portions are smaller. The food is nasty and not thoroughly cooked. Young, old, and multiple races are involved in this," Lamont Heard, who is serving life for murder in Kinross, told me.
They add that the food protest followed a Sunday demonstration over the prison's conditions, which they say include broken/overflowing toilets, poor ventilation, broken heaters (January's average low temperature is 12 degrees in Michigan's upper peninsula), problems with visitation, and other issues with prison services.
Trinity didn't return several requests for comment, but Heard's account contradicts the state's official explanation. A Michigan Department of Corrections spokesperson told the Detroit Free Press the 1,200 prisoners organized over watery beef stew, and the protest is an isolated incident that's the only sign of discontent with Trinity.
However, Heard told The Detroit Metro Times in February that prisoners were filing grievances over mess hall problems and working with prison staff to find ways to improve the meals.
In addition, this isn't the first report of Trinity shorting inmates on calories. Last year, the Southern Center for Human Rights considered suing the company for allegedly starving Georgia's Calhoun County Jail prisoners, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution wrote. Inmates who contacted the center reported eating toothpaste to stave off hunger.
While Trinity didn't respond to requests for comment from MUCNHIES, a spokesperson told the Journal-Constitution the conversation shouldn't be about calories, but about "why [prisoners] are there to begin with," adding "you're served what you're served."
Trinity and Aramark are the two largest institutional food service conglomerates in the nation, managing kitchens in roughly 950 American jails and prisons.
Michigan hired Trinity last year after it bounced Aramark, though state officials clarified maggots and rats had little to do with the change. Instead, the company charging the state for $3 million in "ghost trays"—meals for prisoners who didn't exist—drove the decision. Now the state is paying Trinity $159 million over the next three years to feed its prisoners. That's $14 million more than Aramark's fee.
Kinross's inmates say they suspect part of the reason for the continued problems lies in Trinity's decision to hire employees Aramark fired when it was booted. The area where those employees serve food is filthy and unsanitary, prisoners told me, and rotten fruit, rotten potatoes, and spoiled milk are just as common as when the employees wore Aramark uniforms.
Quality is another issue. Aramark's food is so bad that it sparked riots and protests around the country,. So inmates say it came as a surprise to find Trinity's food is worse, and some prisoners opt to go hungry even when there isn't a protest.
It's generally agreed that creating that type of situation is bad for everyone.
"We have kept down violence, and the facility has not responded with kind accommodation. Thus, everyone, staff included, is on their toes," Heard said.
But the main complaint is portions size. Prisoners say they're always hungry and aren't receiving the 2,600 calories required by state law. Hunger in prison isn't new for Heard—he successfully sued the MDOC in federal court for starving Muslim prisoners during Ramadan.
"People are upset. When you go to the dining hall and you see portions this small and the food is nasty, then you get angry. People are fed up and angry with it," they said.
While the state defends Trinity and says its staff is responsive to issues, inmates claim they face retribution from Trinity staff if they file complaints. Prisoners who spoke with me also charged Trinity employees do their job properly when company bosses visit the prison, but return to regular habits when they leave.
Some argue that the problems aren't just an Aramark or Trinity issue, but a privatization issue.
A mountain of evidence shows problems follow Aramark into kitchens, and a growing pile of similar evidence shows Trinity isn't much better.
The Free Press reported that 59 Trinity employees have been removed from the prisons during the company's first eight months over inappropriate contact with prisoners. Aramark fired 102 employees during its first eight months in the state.
And during Aramark's two years in the state prisons, its employees were busted for humping inmates, selling drugs, and putting a hit out on a prisoner.
So will a second round of bad press and the protests lead to any serious changes?
Dan Manville, director of the Michigan State University Civil Rights Clinic, says that's not likely to happen immediately, though they add that the number of prisoners protesting indicates "the food must be really bad."
"Inmates generally don't rally together in in any meaningful way unless what they're protesting is really awful, so to get 1,200 prisoners together—the food has to be a lot worse than Aramark," they said.
But there's not much more prisoners can do from the inside because those organizing the demonstrations can be locked down or moved to a different prison, Manville says.
"Internally it's hard to do much because the state will take such harsh actions," Manville said. "The only other thing they could do is bring it to the media and legislature's attention and hope they step up and do something."
FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu give a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington. The debate among American Jews over President Donald Trump has become as raucous as the first weeks of the Trump administration itself, hardening divisions between liberal and conservative Jews that have been growing for years. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
NEW YORK (AP) — The early weeks of the Trump administration have widened divides between liberal and conservative Jews, setting off quarrels over anti-Semitism, Israel and the Holocaust.
Well before the 2016 election, discussion over Israel had become so barbed among Jews that Jewish groups began organizing civility training so relationships and holidays wouldn't be ruined. But those disputes have erupted with a new intensity since Donald Trump won the presidency.
They were on display most prominently this week, during Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's first visit to the Trump White House and a pair of news conferences during which the president would not directly address questions about anti-Semitism. On Thursday, in one of the most remarkable moments of a riotous back-and-forth with reporters, Trump shut down a Hasidic reporter from an Orthodox magazine who had taken pains to preface their question by saying they knew Trump wasn't anti-Jewish.
Jonathan Greenblatt, chief executive of the Anti-Defamation League, the Jewish civil rights group that has been highly critical of Trump, called the president's response “mind-boggling.”
But Mort Klein, president of the hawkish Zionist Organization of America, who has championed Trump as a great ally of Israel, said Trump must have been frustrated by the “relentless and outrageous allegations” of anti-Semitism against them and their White House strategist Steve Bannon. “If there was a hint of anti-Semitism, I would be at their throat,” Klein said.
American Jews have been especially on edge because of a surge of anti-Semitic harassment over the course of the presidential campaign and continuing this year. Last month, Jewish community centers and other institutions in 27 states and Canada received what is being investigated as a coordinated series of telephone bomb threats over a period of days, according to the Secure Community Network, formed by Jewish organizations to protect their institutions.
Many Jewish groups and others had seen animus in the White House statement last month on International Holocaust Remembrance Day that did not mention Jews. The president's aides defended the statement as “inclusive” of all who were killed by the Nazis.
At a news conference with Netanyahu last Wednesday, Trump opened by calling Israel a symbol of “survival in the face of genocide.” But when an Israeli reporter asked Trump about the rise in anti-Semitic harassment during the campaign and since their election, they responded by touting their Electoral College total and promising “peace in this country.” Netanyahu then took up the question, saying they had known the president, their family and some of their aides for many years and “there is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than President Donald Trump. I think we should put that to rest.”
The response rankled some American Jews. Alana Newhouse, editor-in-chief of Tablet, the online Jewish magazine, addressed the prime minister: “I won't tell you what to be afraid of in your country, and you don't tell me what I should fear in mine.”
The next day, a confirmation hearing was held for David Friedman, the combative attorney Trump chose as U.S. envoy to Israel. Friedman, who has deep ties to the Israeli settler movement, had said the Anti-Defamation League sounded like “morons” for accusing Trump of anti-Semitism, and they had called supporters of the dovish pro-Israel lobby J Street “worse than kapos,” a reference to Jews who helped the Nazis imprison fellow Jews during the Holocaust.
At the hearing, Friedman apologized for using inflammatory language in the past, and said they regretted not expressing their views of J Street in a more respectful manner. Greenblatt said they had spoken with Friedman about their remarks regarding the ADL and had accepted their apology.
Rabbi Rick Jacobs, head of the liberal Union for Reform Judaism, the largest American Jewish movement, said they met for 90 minutes with Friedman at the nominee's request, “He simply wanted to have a conversation directly,” Jacobs said in a phone interview. “He knows how offensive it was.”
On Friday, Reform Jewish leaders announced they opposed Friedman's nomination, the first time the movement had ever opposed a president's choice for the position. The ZOA's Klein, meanwhile, said Friedman has “the potential to be the greatest U.S. ambassador to Israel ever.”
Jewish issues came to the fore again in a remarkable way during Trump's question-and-answer session on Thursday.
The reporter from the Brooklyn-based Orthodox Ami Magazine, Jake Turx, sporting curly sidelocks and a skullcap embroidered with their Twitter handle, rose to ask their question. While Hillary Clinton won 71 percent of the Jewish vote, Orthodox Jews who backed Trump have taken comfort in their support for Israel, their many Jewish friends and advisers, and especially their Orthodox Jewish daughter, Ivanka, who converted, and their husband and close presidential aide Jared Kushner. Turx opened their question to Trump by noting the president was a “zayde” — which is Yiddish for grandfather — then started to ask about the increased reports of anti-Jewish harassment and hate crimes.
But Trump quickly interrupted, saying “not a fair question,” and when Turx tried to continue, said “quiet, quiet, quiet ... I find it repulsive. I hate even the question.”
The internal Jewish debate will likely rage on in the coming weeks as Trump's policies on Israel, refugees and immigration take shape.
At Friedman's hearing, three young Jews who belong to the activist group IfNotNow, which opposes Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, stood up to interrupt the proceedings. They shook groggers, or noisemakers, used on the holiday of Purim to drown out the names of enemies of the Jewish people.
The Washington Redskins‘ three-headed rushing attack of Alfred Morris, Matt Jones and Chris Thompson had been whittled down to just one by the end of the loss to the New York Jets on Sunday. Jones sat out the game with a sprained big toe, and Thompson bruised their lower back during the game.
To provide insurance, the Redskins signed undrafted free agent Mack Brown, who had been with the team in training camp, to the practice squad on Tuesday. It was especially hard to spot the newcomer in the locker room — and not because they don't have an engraved nameplate on their stall just yet.
Rather than sitting quietly, Brown was instigating a debate about which players around them they could beat in a foot race.
“[Colin] Lockett, they can't beat me in a race,” Brown said while looking at the wide receiver standing a few feet away.
“Put that in the article,” Lockett said, shaking their head incredulously.
Brown's comfort stems from their familiarity with the team. They played in all four of the Redskins preseason games, amassing 81 yards and a touchdown on 30 carries before being cut as the roster was trimmed down to 53.
“I feel like I'm right back in it. Preseason helped me out a lot,” Brown said. “I learned from a lot of the other guys in the backfield.”
Still, six weeks have gone by since the Brown's initial release, and the Florida product acknowledged that they still have a little bit of catching up to do.
“I know most of the plays, but you've got to just get it back in your mind again,” Brown said. “I'm not too far behind right now.”
Brown joins Trey Williams, also an undrafted free agent, as running backs on the Redskins‘ practice squad. Though Williams wasn't present as they spoke, Brown called them out in the foot race speculation anyways.
“Tell everybody that Trey Williams can't beat me,” Brown said.
Williams described the 5-foot-11, 214-pound Brown as an explosive runner with good field vision capable of making strong cuts, but they dismissed Brown's fleet-footed claims.
“Listen, don't let Mack fool you with all of this. They really knows what's up,” Williams said. “I'm faster than Mack. They know that.”
The Redskins released inside linebacker Nico Johnson from the practice squad to make room for Brown, who felt “good to be back.” Brown wasn't the only player happy about their return.
“We're always joking around and stuff, just having a good time, enjoying life pretty much and just grinding hard,” Williams said. “It was kind of sad to see them go, but he's here now, and we're back at it.”
by Joshua Russo
Editor-In-Chief
NeoGAF user Mideon posted a map claiming it was from a new Red Dead game, asking for help comparing it with Red Dead Redemption's map. Mideon later removed the image after claiming their source asked for it to be taken down. Of course once something is posted online, there is no getting it back.
After the map was posted, Techradar is reporting they have spoken with a source that has confirmed that the map is authentic and a “very recent” version of the setting for the next Red Dead game. Techradar's source also verified that the game will take place before the events of Red Dead Redemption, something that can be interpreted by the lack of railroad tracks in the Great Plains area of the map.
Another interesting revelation from the map is a place named New Bordeaux. New Bordeaux is the name of the setting for the upcoming Mafia 3 game, which is also published by Take-Two Interactive. Take-Two Interactive has stated that they will be at this year's E3 “in a big way”. E3 will take place June 14-16.
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Comments
comments
This is the Slash Fiction World Championships! A cut throat cage match competition of dirty dirty fiction about your favorite fandoms. To celebrate that we will return to normal next week, I give this to you for free! Kiss your childhood good bye! It is about to get filthy! Comics either have to write about the fandom of their choice or based on suggestions from the crowd. Enjoy stories of the Ninja Turtles, H.P. Lovecraft and more getting it on!
This episode of the +2 Comedy podcasts is brught to you by: YrHLLS.com
Amateur round: (Comics write ahead of time about any thing they wanted.)
Neil Wood:
Shannon Dapper:
Will Liam:
Nikki Black:
Noah Houlihan:
Professional Round: (Comics pick from three suggestions from the audience.)
Shelly Snyder:
Drew Castellano:
Shortstack:
Ramon Bender
Vegas Lancaster:
Have you ever bought a song with a vocal you just didn't like that wasn't in the preview, or played a special gig where you had to waste money on tracks you knew you were only going to play once? Do you subscribe to services like Spotify that stream music for you with a monthly fee and wished you could play those tracks in your favorite DJ software? These are the problems that Pulselocker hopes to solve – read on for our exclusive first look at the service.
Pulselocker is an application that sits on your computer (Mac OSX only for now) that will let you preview full songs, download 320 kbps AAC/M4A versions of those songs to your computer, and then play them through your favorite DJ software. The application does this by creating a separate drive on your computer that Pulselocker has code-named “directdrive”.
All the songs that you preview are located in that drive, which is made available to your software through the explorer. Pulselocker currently works with Serato ITCH, Intro, and Scratch Live 2.3.3 or higher, as well as Native Instruments Traktor and Atomox Virtual DJ – but other systems are planned on being implemented in the future. EDIT: There have been some compatibility issues with Virtual DJ. They are working on it and plan to have a fix in the next few months.
TRY MIXING BEFORE PAYING FOR TRACKS
Once the songs are loaded and analyzed you can set loops, cue points, and play those songs like normal – as long as the Pulselocker application is open. If the application isn't open, the Pulseocker drive does not show up in your software and you're not able to play the tracks. This works both online and offline so once downloaded, all tracks can be played at will without an Internet connection. Locker sizes will range from 10-1000 tracks depending on the subscription you choose.
If you find that gem of a track and you want to make it yours and in the process, support the artists even further, you are given the option to purchase the track. After purchase you can do what you want with the tracks – DRM-free, as if you bought it from any other source.
In the application, you can add songs to the queue and star certain tracks as a handy reminder. Tracks play with a full waveform at the bottom allowing you to see the structure of the song – something that's lacking from many online stores. To make finding that next tune even easier Pulselocker users can rate and tag tracks in the catalog to help with accuracy. Users can also share playlists with other users and of course there's Twitter and Facebook integration. One handy Facebook feature, once logged in, any artist you like on Facebook will show in Pulselocker.
TRIPLE MONETIZATION FOR ARTISTS AND LABELS
With the ability to torrent just about any track out there for free, many DJs and listeners ask why they should buy their music at all. For those of you who know me from the DJTT forums, you're probably aware I'm a very strong supporter of buying all of my music and supporting the producers that make that music. Based on questions raised in the forums about legality and how the artists will get paid when you're using Pulselocker, many of the DJTT readers think similarly – so here are some of the answers that Fred Han, director of Marketing and Communications at Pulselocker gave in the forum when questions were raised how exactly artists get paid.
“Pulselocker was founded by DJs and producers and we built the company (and our business model) with the artists' interests top of mind. While we cannot stop technology's financial impact on the music ecosystem, we are providing new monetization opportunities to help soften the blow. In addition, we have our own licensing deals, and work with all providers of relevant content, be it majors or indies. At the same time, we pay artists and collecting societies and have all the legitimate rights to offer the services we do.” “Our subscription model is totally legal and artist-friendly so no need to fear. These arrangements enable us to offer a catalog that spans from funk&rare grooves to reggae, hiphop, dnb, dubstep and house/techno (and subgenres), and is growing everyday.” “If you play lots of different gigs with varying music styles then you'll be happy with the currently listed categories. Each of these have more subcategories to pick from to help narrow down choices.”
In an attempt to address some of these concerns, Pulselocker has introduced a three-tier system for paying artists. For plays of the songs outside of the locker (i.e. on-demand streaming), they share at a starting rate. For plays which occur through the locker, they share at a significantly higher rate, and for purchased tracks they split revenues similarly to iTunes or any other download shop. While it may not be the final solution to an ailing system, it definitely seems like a positive new approach to what's been a pretty stagnant system.
Unlike many of the top sites for DJs buying music, Pulselocker has managed to pull together a diversified catalog of music that is sure to work well for all DJs. Electronic, Hip-Hop,/R&B, Reggae, Funk, Rare Groove, and Jazz all are available in the app for you to try before you buy. I was even able to find some Country and Big Band music!
Pros:
(Scott Lynch / Flickr)
Pack your bags for Staten Island; Brooklyn is now the worst place in America for home affordability, according to a new report by housing data group RealtyTrac. Second place is San Francisco, followed by Manhattan.
RealtyTrac studied 475 countys housing prices in October in an attempt to spot upcoming housing bubbles, comparing the figures from the 2005-2008 bubble. The good news is there's not an impending nationwide housing crash! The bad news? Affordability is down, with one in five housing markets exceeding their "historical affordability norms."
They calculate affordability by finding what percent of a median income a resident would need to spend on a mortgage each month. Worst of them all is Kings County, New York, where a Brooklyner making a median income would need to set aside 98 percent of their salary to pay for a median-priced home of $615,000. But you can make do on 2% right? Food is too fattening anyway.
Also alarming is that the 98 percent is up from 95 percent, which has been the affordability level since 2000. Keeping five percent ain't much better than two, but RealtyTrac Vice President Daren Blomquist says the buyer's market is now driven by people who aren't concerned with income at all.
"Incomes have not grown nearly as fast as home prices," Blomquist tells Bloomberg News. "That disconnected home-price growth has been driven by investors and other cash buyers who aren't as constrained by income."
So until you're part of the group that doesn't feel the pesky "constrain" of relying on a yearly salary, plan on renting forever.
flickr/ mariocutroneo There are some folks in America who will wake up this morning and read that Jefferies has been sued for its role in a bond deal with MF Global and they will vote with their feet (Zero hedge Link). They will close their accounts with JEF and move to a safer address. That's an example of capital flight. There are people all over the globe who have looked at the rapid un-gluing of the financial system and have bought gold as a safe haven. That's another example of capital flight. Every time that something stupid crosses the tape from one of the EU deep thinkers the US bond market catches a bid. Yet another example of capital flight. I could go on for a bit with this. There are dozens of examples. All around the globe one can find evidence that money is moving around with the sole purpose of finding someplace "safe". Capital flight is a perfectly logical consequence in today's world. Barely a day passes where we are not reminded that nothing is safe any more. Not our currencies, not our equities, not our bonds and certainly not our banks/brokers. In Greece there are many examples where capital flight is undermining stability. The most obvious is the capital flight from the Greek banks that has taken place over the past few years. This flow of money is also perfectly logical. There are many risks of leaving money in a Greek bank: -The Bank could default. There is no FDIC type of guarantee. The principal in the account is at risk. -The government could default. The chaos that would follow would result in a freeze of all bank balances. -The government could announce one morning that it was re-establishing the Drachma. This would mean that any Euros in a Greek bank would be automatically converted into Drachmas at the old official rate. The value of this Drachma would be worth half (or less) as a result of the immediate devaluation that would occur. Put yourself in the mind of a Greek who had some savings in a local bank. What would you do? You would do whatever you could to get your money to high ground. It would be perfectly reasonable for you to do that. And that is exactly what the Greeks have done. They've moved billions of Euros to Swiss banks in an effort to preserve their wealth. In the process they have crippled the Greek banks and have added to the downward spiral in Greece and the rest of the EU. There was (IMHO) a very significant development on this front last week. A move is being made in Brussels to "force" the Swiss government/banks to transfer all of the assets of Greek citizens back to the Greek banks. For a Greek this means that your money is hostage. It has been functionally expropriated. It will be transferred into a banking system that is fraught with risk. Some portion of the money that goes back to Greece will certainly be lost. I have talked with some who I know in Athens. They are out of their minds with this development. Some thoughts/quotes:
- BRUSSELS—The European Commission is helping Greece negotiate an agreement with Switzerland to repatriate as much as $81 billion believed to be hidden in Swiss bank accounts, a high level European Union executive body official said Nov. 17.
$81 billion?? That's massive. This is not the shopkeeper or pensioner. This is big bucks and that means the Greek shippers. It is a fact that the Greek government doesn't tax the foreign earnings of the shippers. Call that a mistake, but that is the law. As a result, the shippers have held huge bucks in Switzerland. It's not dirty money. Right or wrong, there was no legal tax on this.
The European Commission is working with Switzerland and Greece stop what it believes is an ongoing exodus of money from Greek bank accounts into Swiss and other offshore banking centers, the EU official said.
The only way to stop capital flight is to address the underlying causes of the flight. That can't happen in Greece for years. The alternative is to trap the money, force it to go where it is at most risk. The owner of the money will have no choice. Any rights they might have to preserve their assets will be abrogated. I'm amazed at this development. The Swiss government/banks are obligated to cooperate with EU tax authorities when there is evidence of tax fraud. But that is not what this is about. The people in Brussels and Bern know that. The fact is that the Greek tax system is so screwed up that there simply are no taxes levied on certain types of income/capital (the shippers). No doubt, some of the Greek cash that is in Switzerland is there because of tax avoidance. But the vast majority is simply safe haven money. The word "Repatriation" sounds nice enough but really it means "Theft and expropriation". There will be nothing voluntary about this. There will be little (if any) due process. If this happens (the folks in Brussels are pushing hard) a very dangerous precedent will have been set. Flight capital will have been made illegal. Where might this go?-It will go to Spain very quickly. After that it will go to Italy where there are truly huge fortunes outside the country. I see a development like that as being a lights out event.-It will come to the USA. EU residents have tons of assets here.-Money that is subject to forced repatriation back to countries with weak banks and bankrupt governments will seek the last remaining safe haven, gold. If governments go so far as to repatriate money, they would also not hesitate to make gold ownership illegal. That too would be a lights out event. We have a situation developing where the technocrats in Brussels are trying to institute capital controls. They have put a gun to the Swiss government to achieve their objectives. They will likely succeed. The fear of broader capital controls and more repatriation will spread like wildfire. The fact is, capital flight is a very reasonable response in our current environment. Capital controls that either stop or reverse it will undermine confidence and create a panic. Those officials in Brussels have no idea what they are unleashing.
Scientists from the UK and Germany have discovered the largest Ichthyosaurus on record and found it was pregnant at the time of death.
The new specimen is estimated to be between 3 and 3.5 m long and is an adult female. Ichthyosaurs were a highly successful group of sea-going reptiles that became extinct about 90 million years ago. Often misidentified as swimming dinosaurs, these reptiles appeared before the first dinosaurs had evolved. The largest species of ichthyosaur grew to over 20 m in length.
The new specimen was originally discovered on the Somerset coast, during the mid-1990s, and is from the Early Jurassic, roughly 200 million years old. However, the specimen remained unstudied until it wound up in the collections of the Lower Saxony State Museum in Hannover, Germany.
Palaeontologist Sven Sachs of the Bielefeld Natural History Museum (Germany) first saw the specimen in August 2016, whilst on a routine visit. They informed University of Manchester palaeontologist and ichthyosaur expert, Dean Lomax, and together, the pair examined the new specimen in early 2017. They identified it as an example of an Ichthyosaurus somersetensis, a new species that Dean and another colleague, Prof. Judy Massare, had previously identified.
Dean said “It amazes me that specimens such as this [the biggest] can still be ‘rediscovered' in museum collections. You don't necessarily have to go out in the field to make a new discovery. This specimen provides new insights into the size range of the species, but also records only the third example of an Ichthyosaurus known with an embryo. That's special”
One of the suspects accused of killing a man at a Denver light rail station was in custody in Denver and wanted for possible deportation by federal authorities when they were released from jail weeks before the murder.
Ever Valles is currently in jail in Denver along with another man for the killing of Tim Cruz, 32, on February 7. They and Nathan Valdez were formally charged Friday for murder. The two also are accused of trying to rob Cruz.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement had placed a detainer on Valles after Denver police arrested them in October 2016 for car theft and other charges. That means ICE wanted to be notified of any pending release because they were suspected of being in the United States illegally.
“Ever Andres Valles, 19, a citizen of Mexico, was encountered by ICE via the Criminal Alien Program following their arrest on local charges in October 2016," ICE told FOX31 in a statement Friday night.
"At the time of their arrest, ICE placed a detainer with the Denver County Jail. The detainer wasn't honored, and they were released by the jail Dec. 20, 2016, without notification to ICE. Valles is a known gang member whose gang history is documented in the Colorado gang database. Due to their criminal history and gang affiliation, Valles is an ICE immigration enforcement priority."
A Denver Sheriff Department spokesperson responded Friday night, saying ICE was told about Valles' release before it happened. They were released once they posted $5,000 bond.
"In the case of Ever Valles, ICE was notified by fax that Mr. Valles was being released prior to their release," the spokesperson said in a statement. "Denver has never and will never advocate for felons to remain on our streets -- immigrants or not." You can see the fax and time and date of transmission to ICE here.
"We are part of the criminal justice system and do not hold people on civil matters," the Sheriff Department spokesperson said.
Read more at KDVR.com.
Steve Martin is self-employed, and anxiously awaited the day they could explore their Obamacare options.  They are one of many who have been disappointed with Healthcare.gov's problem-filled debut, but remains hopeful about the site's future. (The Washington Post)
Steve Martin is self-employed, and anxiously awaited the day they could explore their Obamacare options.  They are one of many who have been disappointed with Healthcare.gov's problem-filled debut, but remains hopeful about the site's future. (The Washington Post)
The Obama administration said Sunday that it has enlisted additional computer experts from across the government and from private companies to help rewrite computer code and make other improvements to the online health insurance marketplace, which has been plagued by technical defects that have stymied many consumers since it opened nearly three weeks ago.
This expanded team has come up with new ways of monitoring which parts of the federal Web site, HealthCare.gov, are having problems and has been taking the site offline for rigorous overnight tests, according to a Department of Health and Human Services spokesperson.
“Unfortunately, the experience on HealthCare.gov has been frustrating for many Americans,” HHS officials said in a blog post Sunday afternoon, acknowledging what has been obvious to millions of insurance seekers who live in the three dozen states relying on the federal exchange. For the first time, the administration appealed to people to report their interactions, good or bad, with the exchange, a core element of the 2010 health-care law.
Read more about the rollout of the new health-care law.
President Obama is expected to address the site's technical problems — “troubles that they and their team find unacceptable” — at a White House event Monday to highlight the law, according to an administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the event has not yet taken place.
View Graphic Calculator: How much will you pay for insurance?
“I think that there's no one more frustrated than the president at the difficulty in the Web site,” Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Sunday on NBC's “Meet the Press.”
The remarks Sunday, and Obama's expected comments Monday, represent a slight strategic shift for an administration that has repeatedly refused to say publicly exactly what is wrong with the site or what is being done to fix it. The new tack offers a bit more information while allowing officials to strike a sympathetic tone toward consumers exasperated by their experiences.
Even now, administration officials are declining to disclose many details about the debugging effort. They will not say how many experts — whom they describe as “the best and the brightest” — are on the team, when the team began its work or how soon the site's flaws might be corrected. Still, in talking about the repairs, administration officials for the first time conceded that the site's problems extend beyond well-publicized front-end obstacles, such as with setting up a personal account.
Since the exchange opened, officials at the White House and HHS had until now insisted that the site's problems were caused primarily by its popularity — that more people were trying to get on than could be accommodated at once. Even Sunday, the HHS spokesperson said the “main driver of the problems is volume.”
Yet insurance companies, consumers and health policy experts have noticed problems that occur further along in the process of using the exchange. The Web site sometimes gives inaccurate information about the federal tax credits that will help most people pay for a health plan, they say. And it sometimes erroneously tells low-income people that they are not eligible for Medicaid.
The exchange also is having trouble handling applications from people who are offered coverage through their jobs but could find better or less-expensive health plans through the new marketplace. Although the exchange is designed primarily for Americans who lack access to coverage through their jobs, it also may be used by workers whose employer-sponsored insurance would be too skimpy or expensive for them. Reports have surfaced that the exchange is not able to process applications from such employees.
Separately, insurers have complained that they are getting confusing information about who has signed up, with the exchange generating data that suggest multiple enrollments and cancellations for the same person on the same day.
With such issues arising, the administration is facing intensifying pressure to be more forthcoming. Some of the pressure is practical. With HealthCare.gov's problems lingering beyond the initial days, no one knows whether the Web site's troubles might be deterring Americans who need insurance. That raises concerns that the frustrations may discourage healthy people, who may be less motivated to sign up in the first place. Because they need relatively little medical treatment, these healthy enrollees are crucial to ensuring the financial stability of the insurance marketplace.
There is political pressure as well. The administration is eager to rebuff fresh assaults by congressional Republicans, who have been trying to undermine Obama's signature health-care law since its enactment 31 / 2 years ago. The GOP's last major strategy — forcing the recent government shutdown in an effort to unravel the law — failed. With the government back open, Republicans are trying to make the case that the exchange's technical defects are evidence that the law is misguided.
On Thursday, the House Energy and Commerce Committee plans to conduct a hearing on the exchange's rocky debut. Republicans are calling for the ouster of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, who has indicated that they have a schedule conflict that prevents them from appearing at the hearing. HHS officials say they are trying to cooperate with the committee in other, unspecified ways.
The Republican naysaying has taken on new significance now that the exchange has been launched. The Affordable Care Act requires most Americans to carry health insurance, starting in January. And the new insurance marketplaces — the one run by the federal government and the 14 others operated by states — are intended as the primary way to make coverage more available and affordable for many of the nation's uninsured. Federal estimates have suggested that 7 million Americans may sign up in the first period of open enrollment, which extends until March 31.
The administration has not released data on how many people have enrolled through the federal exchange; officials say they will disclose initial figures in November. The administration has said that nearly a half-million Americans have filed applications for insurance through the federal and state exchanges. Applying is an early step in the process, in which people submit, for instance, information needed to determine whether they qualify for federal subsidies. Only after their applications are accepted can they shop for health plans in their areas and go on to enroll in them.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SALT LAKE CITY -- In the years since a federal judge essentially "decriminalized" polygamy in Utah, Travis Kelsch said they have felt more free to be open about their marriages.
"There's always been that fear of the man -- the government -- to breathe down our necks for anything we do or say," Kelsch, who has two wives, said in an interview with FOX 13. "These last couple of years have been that, have been freedom."
On Monday, the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver overturned that ruling in the "Sister Wives" case, basically making polygamy a felony again. Reality TV polygamist Kody Brown and their wives, who sued the state over its historic ban on polygamy, are contemplating an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In response, some in Utah's polygamous communities have contemplated pushing for legislation to reduce the offense for bigamy among consenting adults.
"I would like to see it decriminalized," Kelsch said. "That's all I ask for. I don't want the state in my room, just like I don't want it in anybody else's room. I'd just like to be left alone concerning that."
The Brown family came under investigation by police when they began appearing on their cable TV show, "Sister Wives." They sued the state and a judge sided with them, making it no longer a crime to cohabitate with multiple people and purport to be married. The Utah Attorney General's Office appealed the ruling to the 10th Circuit Court.
To assist the state, a bill was run by Rep. Mike Noel, R-Kanab, earlier this year that would have "re-criminalized" polygamy. It faced push back from polygamists, who rallied at the Utah State Capitol and lobbied for its defeat. The bill died in the final minutes of the legislative session.
Rep. Earl Tanner, R-West Jordan, tried to amend that bill to make bigamy among consenting adults an infraction -- meaning it would only be a fine, with no threat of jail or prison time. That amendment was defeated in a floor vote.
Tanner told FOX 13 on Thursday they might consider running a bill to drop the level of offense for bigamy among consenting adults. They said polygamists may feel more free to report abuses to authorities, if they didn't fear prison time for themselves.
"We should focus on those abuses. At the legislature, we should make it easy for prosecutors to go after them," they said. "But we shouldn't be going after people for plain polygamy -- no incest, no raping of 14-year-old girls, no child labor issues with young men and throwing them out of the community, no welfare abuse."
The Utah Attorney General's Office has said it will not prosecute polygamy alone, but in concert with other crimes like fraud and abuse. The anti-polygamy group Sound Choices Coalition expressed concern about any decriminalization legislation.
"Sound Choices Coalition has long been an advocate of amnesty for polygamists who are not breaking other laws. However, this amnesty should be followed by legal action against new offenders," the group's director, Kristyn Decker, said in an email. "As an anti-social and unsustainable practice that fosters so many other associated abuses, polygamy should never be treated lightly."
Tanner acknowledged an uphill battle at the legislature, given the vote last session on their bigamy amendment.
"My willingness is there. The question is looking at the body. As a body, are people changing their mind?" they said.
Meet Jamon Halvaksz. The associate professor of anthropology and avid comic book reader is excited about offering a new course in the fall, "The Anthropology of Super Heroes."
We will be looking at films and research that has been done on people who dress up as comic book superheroes and then go out and fight crime.” – Jamon Halvaksz
They gained inspiration for the course after their wife and daughter suggested it while they were attending the 2nd Annual Comicon Convention at the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center. More than 5,000 comic book enthusiasts attended the event.
Halvaksz often references comic books at home and in the classroom to illustrate their points. They introduced the concept of the course to their students and was surprised by the amount of interest displayed when they learned about the social science elective.
"Pop culture often gets written off in certain levels as not really being valued, but I think with comic books we have seen a surge in interest with the superheroes," said Halvaksz. "I want to have students create their own superhero and create their own supervillain. We can imagine alternatives to our own sort of existences and that lends itself to creating a better future for ourselves. I think comic books offer us that imagined future that we don't often think about."
An anthropology course on superheroes is a shift from the norm for Halvaksz. This summer, they will complete a research grant studying agricultural changes in New Guinea and then return in the fall to teach the inaugural class.
"We will be looking at films and research that has been done on people who dress up as comic book superheroes and then go out and fight crime," Halvaksz said. "There are several coalitions and there is even a cable T.V. show that documents what they think they are doing and the vigilante aspects of what they are doing."
Halvaksz says in addition to the readings, they want their students to attend Comicon in September and collect data by interviewing spectators and vendors about why they are participating.
Halvaksz joined UTSA in 2007 after completing a post-doctoral program in New Zealand. They earned their doctoral and master's degrees in anthropology from the University of Minnesota. Their bachelor's degree in anthropology is from the University of Kentucky.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
The Manitoba Museum has a $160-million plan — one it hasn't really shared with Winnipeggers until now — to catapult the museum past 2020. The first phase is already underway with the expansion of Alloway Hall, where visiting exhibits, such as the recently wrapped up Real Pirates! display of sunken treasure, are located.
But nostalgia isn't enough to sustain a world-class regional museum, especially one whose provincial funding has flatlined for six years and whose galleries run the gamut from terrific (the new Hudson's Bay Company fur-trade room) to boring and text-heavy (the mining and northern railway alcove) to downright hipster vintage (pretty much everything in the 1970s rumpus room that is the Arctic area.)
Those iconic, wild-eyed buffalo and their oddly plastic-faced Métis hunter have for decades launched any visit to the Manitoba Museum. The diorama is one of the museum's most beloved exhibits, along with the Nonsuch, the urban gallery of boomtown Winnipeg and the bloody seal in the darkened polar bear den. Those are why Winnipeggers feel a tremendous sense of nostalgia for the Main Street icon.
Let's get this out of the way first: no one's going to mess with the bison.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 3/7/2015 (1334 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 3/7/2015 (1334 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Let's get this out of the way first: no one's going to mess with the bison.
Those iconic, wild-eyed buffalo and their oddly plastic-faced Métis hunter have for decades launched any visit to the Manitoba Museum. The diorama is one of the museum's most beloved exhibits, along with the Nonsuch, the urban gallery of boomtown Winnipeg and the bloody seal in the darkened polar bear den. Those are why Winnipeggers feel a tremendous sense of nostalgia for the Main Street icon.
But nostalgia isn't enough to sustain a world-class regional museum, especially one whose provincial funding has flatlined for six years and whose galleries run the gamut from terrific (the new Hudson's Bay Company fur-trade room) to boring and text-heavy (the mining and northern railway alcove) to downright hipster vintage (pretty much everything in the 1970s rumpus room that is the Arctic area.)
The Manitoba Museum has a $160-million plan — one it hasn't really shared with Winnipeggers until now — to catapult the museum past 2020. The first phase is already underway with the expansion of Alloway Hall, where visiting exhibits, such as the recently wrapped up Real Pirates! display of sunken treasure, are located.
The next step is a targeted overhaul of the first few permanent galleries, with a new grand hall down the spine of the museum and new content focused especially on the province's modern history of immigration and indigenous peoples. Last will be the big one — a $100-million science centre built on the vast surface parking lot just north of the museum.
Canada, and especially Winnipeg's Canadian Museum for Human Rights, has been in the midst of a debate over what ought to be in museums — how the best and worst of our history and culture ought to be faithfully presented. But that scrutiny hasn't yet been brought to bear on Manitoba's regional museum.
For years, the museum has flown under the radar, a financially stable, uncontroversial and too easily overlooked civic attraction.
When Winnipeg belatedly rushed to promote its tourist attractions to international visitors here for the FIFA Women's World Cup, the Manitoba Museum rarely made the list, trumped by newer, sexier hot spots such as the polar bears at the Assiniboine Park Zoo or the human rights museum.
Now that the CMHR is open and no longer hogging capital donations, it could be the Manitoba Museum's turn for an overhaul and a cash infusion. It would be great timing because the museum will be the fulcrum of some big birthdays in 2020.
The Hudson's Bay Company, whose collection of fur-trade artifacts rests with the Manitoba Museum, will turn 350. The province will celebrate its 150th birthday, and the centennial-era museum itself will be 50.
In some corners, though, it's already showing its age. On a recent tour of the museum, University of Manitoba historian Adele Perry said many of the exhibits fall into the old-school "man and nature" model. Walking through, especially in the first few galleries, they joked they almost expected to hear a 1970s documentary narrator booming "Man and their environment..." over the PA system. And, in several parts of the museum, it is just about man — not women or humans.
In addition to a few lingering references to "Indians" and the display case lumping all immigrants from Africa and Asia together are areas where the museum's language is jarringly dated.
In some spots, Perry said, indigenous history is still seen as "before time," before the "real" history of the province began with colonial settlers. Indigenous oral tradition is downgraded to myths and legends and the province's urban history starts only in the 1900s, even though indigenous settlements existed long before then.
On the other hand, there's a clear emphasis, especially in newer exhibits, where some of the museum's remarkable indigenous artifacts are on full display, on the partnership between First Nations and colonial settlers who learned from each other as equals.
But it's possible to tour the entire place and barely stumble on a mention of Métis leader Louis Riel, the province's founding legislature, the Indian Act, Manitoba's wartime history, former premier Duff Roblin or any key civic leaders in Winnipeg, such as former mayor Stephen Juba.
SUPPLIED An artist's conception of what the museum complex will look like a decade from now; a new building focusing on science and technology is planned for the parking lot on Rupert Avenue north of the current building.
Manitoba's story essentially stops at 1920, something former and current staff readily acknowledge.
Museum director Claudette Leclerc says the museum earmarks $500,000 a year to update exhibits, but many visitors don't notice what's new because it's blended in with the old, such as new murals in the urban gallery, a new teepee in the grasslands gallery and at least half the displays in the earth history gallery.
Each square foot of new stuff costs $800 — a huge amount that reflects research, conservation, consultation and construction.
"When you have 70,000 square feet of gallery space, it's really hard to make wholesale change," said Leclerc. "Have we gotten smarter at telling the story? Yes."
Leclerc notes government is unlikely to hand over the roughly $160 million needed to give the museum the overhaul envisioned in its master plan all in one lump sum. The feds just funded part of the capital and most of the operating costs of the CMHR and made no provision for arts and heritage projects in the newest Building Canada infrastructure fund. The province won't likely ante up huge dollars, either.
Instead, said Leclerc, the museum must pick away at manageable chunks of its long-term plan.
"We want to step stones that are achievable," said Leclerc. "I don't want to sell a vision that can't be supported."
At least half the cash will come from government and the rest from major, private donors. Those are the groups that have already seen the museum's plan, developed about five years ago.
The plan started with the just-announced $5.3-million expansion of Alloway Hall, which will nearly double in size, giving the museum more space and better technology for travelling exhibits. Leclerc hopes to snag a "big wow" dinosaur show for the hall's 2017 reopening.
The next phase will focus on the Manitoba story, likely starting with the first gallery visitors see, just past the bison. Throughout the museum, exhibits featuring immigration and indigenous peoples will also be updated.
The Nonsuch could get some new accessories — new technology, added interactivity and a better use of the museum's Hudson's Bay collection.
Curators are working this summer on how to do some of this and will have a plan to present to funders, likely this fall.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Ideally, as part of this phase, the museum would like to renovate the interior structure, adding a grand hall down the centre of the museum. It would allow direct access to galleries, so visitors and school groups could make a beeline for what they want to see, instead of following the long, winding, IKEA-style route the museum has now.
With the grand hall could come a glass collection storage wall so some memorable artifacts from recent Manitoba history — an iron lung, an original Winnipeg Jets sign, some huge stained-glass windows — could be displayed.
How the exhibits get renewed, whether a major interior renovation takes place at the same time and where the cash comes from is a puzzle Leclerc is just starting to solve.
The last and biggest part is a new science centre on a government-owned parking lot on Rupert Avenue to replace the small one in the museum's basement. It would focus on innovation, science, technology and engineering and would essentially have to be built and stocked from scratch. It's likely a decade away.
Other improvements include a much nicer front door on Main Street with a "community commons" feel, much better conservation facilities and, obviously, an actual cafeteria.
maryagnes.welch@freepress.mb.ca
Only days after winning their suit against Talk Radio Network and then leaving the network to shop other syndicators, talk radio superstar Michael Savage was broadcasting live on UStream Sunday night at 8PM for an hour.
“I've been on the radio 18 years and that may or may not continue. This is a new kick for me. I'm out there in the wilderness right now, where I want to be. I spent $900,000. Free at last, free at last. The only thing that kept me from number one was the distribution.”
Savage tells RBR-TVBR: “I crashed the YouStream site. Drudge linked it. It was historic—we had to shut it off for replays. Too many.”
They also said on their broadcast that if they were to air (which they actually want) the same slot as Rush he'd beat him.
You can try the stream here
London, England (CNN) -- The Vatican may have forgiven the Beatles over the weekend for their "satanic" messages -- but Ringo Starr, the legendary band's drummer, says they couldn't care less.
In a tribute published to mark the 40th anniversary of the breakup of the band, who is a singer John Lennon once claimed were "more popular than Jesus," the Vatican newspaper "L'Osservatore Romano" said it had forgiven them and called them a "precious jewel."
But Starr told CNN: "Didn't the Vatican say we were satanic or possibly satanic -- and they've still forgiven us? I think the Vatican, they've got more to talk about than the Beatles."
Starr was speaking to CNN's Becky Anderson about the launch of their latest solo album called "Y Not," which was released in January.
Did you know McCartney had trouble learning the guitar? Find out why in our interactive
"I was sitting around in LA and I went on the synth and just got some rhythm patterns with some chords I enjoyed and then drummed to that," Starr said.
"We had no song and we just played something and kept it moving and that's how it all happened."
Take the CNN Challenge: Beatles quiz
The album is Starr's 15th album as a solo artist.
Starr also responded to allegations that they had asked their fans to "back off" and explained why they no longer signs autographs.
"I just said to fans that I'm not signing anymore," Starr said.
"That what it was, it wasn't back off, I'm not a vicious man. I don't sign anymore, people say sign this and I just say no."
When the extent of the U.S. government's domestic spying program was revealed this past summer, many were surprised and outraged: how could a government which so prizes liberty of its citizens covertly collect data on its own people?
Yet, sadly, this is not the first time Uncle Sam, without permission or notice, secretly gathered information on its people and wasn't even close to the greatest atrocity. For that, there are numerous other examples such as when the government intentionally poisoned certain alcohol supplies they knew people would drink, killing over 10,000 American citizens and sickening many thousands others. (Despite this, the program continued for some time, though it was hotly debated in Congress when the death tolls started rolling in.)
Advertisement
One other such “interesting” program, was from 1953 to 1964, when the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) conducted dozens of experiments on the effects of biological and chemical agents on American citizens without their knowledge in Project MKUltra. These covert tests included subjecting the unwitting subjects to hallucinogenic drugs and other chemicals, among other things.
It is difficult to find official documents about this program; however, in 1976 and 1977, the U.S. Senate conducted investigations and even held a joint committee hearing on Project MKUltra, then published much of what was discovered; you will not believe what they found out.
MKULtra's Purpose
According to the hearing report, the project was intended to “develop a capability in the covert use of biological and chemical materials.”[1] The motivation was also defensive, in that many were afraid during the Cold War that the Russians and Chinese had already developed weapons in this area. As the project's proponents noted:
The development of a comprehensive capability in this field of covert chemical and biological warfare gives us a thorough knowledge of the enemy's theoretical potential, thus enabling us to defend ourselves against a foe who might not be as restrained in the use of these techniques as we are.[2]
Advertisement
Officially authorized in 1953, by 1955, project creep had expanded the CIA's authority under MKUltra to include the following:
Discovery of the following materials and methods [including those]:
which will promote the intoxicating affect of alcohol;
which will render the induction of hypnosis easier or otherwise enhance its usefulness;
which will enhance the ability of individuals to withstand privation, torture and coercion during interrogation and so called “brain-washing;”
which will produce amnesia for events preceding and during their use;
[which will produce] shock and confusion over extended periods of time and capable of surreptitious use; and
which will produce physical disablement such as paralysis of the legs, acute anemia, etc.[3]
Advertisement
LSD experiments
Senator Edward Kennedy dominated the hearing. In their opening remarks, they noted there was:
an “extensive testing and experimentation” program which included covert drug tests on unwitting citizens “at all social levels, high and low, native Americans and foreign.” Several of these tests involved the administration of LSD to “unwitting subjects in social situations.”[4]
Advertisement
For many of these drug tests, especially early on, there were “no medical personnel on hand either to administer the drugs or observe their effects.” Often, the randomly selected subjects had “become ill for hours or days, including hospitalization in at least one case.”[5]
Even more troubling, some of the tests proved lethal, but that did not stop the CIA from continuing their experimentation:
The deaths of two Americans can be attributed to these programs; other participants in the testing programs may still suffer from the residual effects. . . . The fact that they were continued for years after the danger of surreptitious administration of LSD to unwitting individuals was known, demonstrate fundamental disregard for the value of human life.[6]
Advertisement
One of these lives belonged to Dr. Frank Olson, themselves a researcher with the U.S. Army who studied “developing techniques for offensive use of biological weapons . . . [and] biological research for the CIA.”[7]
Along with a group of 9 other such scientists, they attended a conference in a cabin at Deep Creek Lake, Maryland in November 1953. Once there, ironically, CIA operatives spiked the researchers' Cointreau with LSD. Only after the scientists had finished their drinks were they informed that they had been drugged.[8]
Most of the researchers handled the experience well and had no aftereffects, but not Dr. Olson. They never recovered from the ordeal and shortly after the experiment, began to show “symptoms of paranoia and schizophrenia.”[9]
Advertisement
Dr. Olson's superior and the CIA who ran the experiment arranged for them to get treatment in New York City. While spending the night in a hotel room with the CIA officer, and after requesting a wake-up call for the next morning, Dr. Olson somehow managed to fall to their death. As the CIA officer (Lashbrook) reported:
At approximately 2:30 a.m. Saturday, November 28, Lashbrook was awakened by a loud “crash of glass.” . . . . Olson “had crashed through the closed window blind and the closed window and they fell to their death from the window of our room on the 10th floor.”[10]
There is no indication that any investigation of foul play, particularly by the CIA officer (who was both responsible for the experiment and alone in the hotel room with Olson) was ever conducted.
Advertisement
Universities, Prisons and Hospitals Conducted Experiments
In the hearing, Senator Kennedy noted that many otherwise respectable institutions were fraudulently incorporated into MKUltra projects:
What we are basically talking about is . . . the perversion and corruption of many of our outstanding research centers in this country, with CIA funds, where some of our top researchers were unwittingly involved in research sponsored by the Agency in which they had no knowledge of the background or the support for[11]
Advertisement
According to the hearing report, “eighty-six universities or institutions were involved,”[12] and “185 non-government researchers and assistants” worked on these projects.[13] “Physicians, toxicologists, and other specialists in mental [and] narcotics” were lured into MKUltra through the provision of grants that were “made under ostensible research foundation auspices, thereby concealing the CIA's interest from the specialist's institution.”[14]
For some of the 12 hospitals that participated in Project MKUltra, tests were conducted on terminal cancer patients – presumably because the experiments were anticipated to have long-lasting detrimental, if not lethal, effects.[15]
Sadly, to get the hospitals (and perhaps the patients) to agree to these experiments, the CIA often paid the institution. For example, Subproject 23, authorized in August 1955, worked as follows:
The project engineers . . . authorized the contractor to pay the hospital's expenses of certain persons suffering from incurable cancer for the privilege of studying the effects of these chemicals during their terminal illnesses.[16]
Advertisement
Likewise, many of the experiments conducted at the three prisons were done secretly: “We also know now that some unwitting testing took place on criminal sexual psychopaths.” [17]
Not all testing was done unwittingly, although that did not make it any more ethical. For example, in a prison experiment conducted by the National Institute of Mental Health Addiction Research Center at the Lexington Rehabilitation Center (a prison for convicted drug addicts), prisoners who volunteered to participate in a hallucinogenic drug experiment were promised (and received) doses of “the drug of their addiction.”[18]
Miscellaneous Other Experiments
An unknown number of other experiments in “such areas as effects of electro-shock, harassment techniques for offensive use . . [and] gas propelled sprays and aerosols” to be used as “assassination delivery systems” were also being conducted.[19]
Advertisement
In addition, MKUltra scientists were authorized to research “additional avenues to the control of human behavior” including “radiation . . .[and] paramilitary devices and materials.”[20]
Heinous Covert Experiments: By the Numbers
Project MKUltra consisted of 149 subprojects “many of which appear to have some connection with research into behavioral modification, drug acquisition and testing or administering drugs surreptitiously,”[21] including as follows:
“6 subprojects involving tests on unwitting subjects were conducted.”
8 subprojects involving hypnosis, including 2 that also used drugs were performed.
7 subprojects included the use of drugs or chemicals.
4 subprojects used “magician's art . . . e.g., surreptitious delivery of drug-related materials.”
9 subprojects studied sleep research (read: deprivation) and psychotherapy's influence on behavior.
6 subprojects studied the effects on human tissue of “exotic pathogens and the capability to incorporate them in effective delivery systems.”[22]
Advertisement
The CIA Lost or Destroyed All Records of Project MKUltra
Sadly, but not surprisingly, almost no records remain of the 10 years of covert activity. As Senator Kennedy noted:
Perhaps most disturbing of all was the fact that the extent of experimentation on human subjects was unknown. The records of all these activities were destroyed in 1973, at the instruction of then CIA Director Richard Helms.[23]
Advertisement
Notably, however, some records were overlooked during the CIA's destruction because new records were found in 1977, as noted by Senator Kennedy:
We believed that the record, incomplete as it was, was as complete as it was going to be. Then one individual, through Freedom of Information request, accomplished what two U.S. Senate committees could not. They spurred the agency into finding additional records . . . . The records reveal a far more extensive series of experiments than had previously been thought.[24]
Nonetheless, these records still leave an incomplete record of the program.
No Accountability
Two lawsuits arising out of MKUltra activities made it to the Supreme Court, but both protected the government over citizen's rights:
In 1985, the Court held in CIA vs. Simms that the names of the institutions and researchers who participated in Project MKUltra were exempt from revelation under the Freedom of Information Act due to the CIA's need to protect its “intelligence sources.”
Advertisement
In 1987, in United States v. Stanley, the Court held that a serviceman who had volunteered for a chemical weapons experiment, but who was actually tested with LSD, was barred from bringing a claim under the Federal Tort Claims Act.
Melissa writes for the wildly popular interesting fact websiteTodayIFoundOut.com. To subscribe to Today I Found Out's “Daily Knowledge” newsletter,click here or like them on Facebook here.
Advertisement
This post has been republished with permission from TodayIFoundOut.com.
As the Alternative for Germany (AfD) political party — referred to by some as ‘Germany's UKIP' — continues to stake its claim to be the third party in German politics, it has suffered a spate of attacks on its offices, most recently in Berlin.
Overnight on Sunday, AfD offices near Berlin's popular Tiergarten park were vandalised with graffiti, reports Deutsche Welle. The anti-mass migration, Eurosceptic party's building was spray-painted with slogans including ‘Nazis Out', ‘Refugees Are Welcome' and ‘No Person Is Illegal', and its glass facade was damaged.
The latest attack comes after last week's incident at the office of AfD Member of the European Parliament (MEP) Beatrix von Storch, which saw it being smeared with black paint and having three windows damaged. Shortly before that incident, three shots were fired through the window of the party's branch office in the west-German town of Arnsberg.
The recent attacks have come just as the party, which was only founded in 2013, has begun to show signs of a potential electoral breakthrough in this year's state elections.
After coming close to breaking the five per cent electoral threshold to enter the Bundestag soon after its founding in 2013, AfD won seats in the 2014 European Parliament elections where it sits in the European Conservatives and Reformists Group alongside British Conservative MEPs. More recently, the ongoing migrant crisis and recent events such as the sex attacks on New Year's Eve in Cologne and elsewhere in Germany have prompted a potential breakthrough in domestic politics.
In the weekly INSA/YouGov poll asking how respondents would vote were there federal elections next Sunday, AfD has consistently recorded third place since the second week of January. Having first broken through the 10 per cent mark in November last year, it now appears to be establishing its position above the Left Party and the Greens by regularly posting results in the 12 to 13 per cent range.
Such results suggest the party will enjoy further success at state level in this year's elections, building upon representation it already has, and propel it towards Bundestag seats in next year's Federal elections. However, with popularity and electoral success comes greater scrutiny and opposition.
In a recent interview, party leader Frauke Petry (pictured) said a border guard “must stop illegal border crossings, and also make use of their firearm if necessary”. In reply Germany's Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel — leader of the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany — called for AfD to be put under surveillance by the German government agency that tracks extremists.
After shooting for the first half of their American TV series Quantico Priyanka is currently in the country for their work commitments. The lovely actor has already shot for KJo's Koffee with Karan and here comes a sneak peek from the episode.
Reportedly, Pee Cee was all chatty during the show and revealed many experiences from their Hollywood journey.
The 34-year-old also opened up about facing racism in Hollywood and narrated a distasteful incident about the same.
A leading daily quoted a source as saying, “When KJo asked them if they faced racism they admitted that they did, but not in studios. They shared that it was at the airport when they were sitting in the lounge for first class passengers that they were a victim. One of the ground staff personnel was rude to their telling that they were sitting in the wrong place.Only after they argued that they were a valid first class passenger, did they apologise.”
Piggy Chops also had advice to share with the B-town celebs aiming for Hollywood and told them to be careful with the roles they pick.
The source added, “Priyanka said that whoever goes to Hollywood after them should be careful about the roles they do."
Credits :DNA
Read More
Sehwag lauds rebuilt Aussie attack
Updated
Indian batsman Virender Sehwag rates the current Australia pace attack as among the best they have faced in their 10-year Test career.
The 33-year-old opener, who has scored 8,098 runs in 95 Tests since their debut in late 2001, is standing in as captain for the fourth Test against Australia at the Adelaide Oval starting on Tuesday.
Australia's pace attack - Ben Hilfenhaus, Peter Siddle, Ryan Harris, James Pattinson and Mitchell Starc - have helped bowl India out twice in Melbourne, Sydney and Perth to take an unassailable 3-0 lead in the series with three crushing wins.
With the hosts coming into the series after a home defeat to New Zealand and the memory of the 3-1 Ashes defeat at the turn of last year still fresh, many were questioning whether it was a case of Australia bowling being good or India batting bad.
"They are bowling in good areas, they are not giving up easy balls to hit boundaries. They are playing with your patience and all," Sehwag told reporters on the eve of the final Test.
"I think that's the best bowling attack I've ever seen, especially against Australia.
"Generally, when I played the fast men ... I'd get a couple of balls I could hit for boundaries. But in this attack I hardly get any balls. So, I think, one of the best bowling attacks."
The tourists' world class but ageing batting line-up could not claim to have had a great series and not one Indian has managed to notch a century.
"I feel bad because in the last 10 years we have done well overseas but in the last two series we have not live up to expectations," added Sehwag, who was also part of the team that lost 4-0 in England last year.
"But we are working hard, we are trying hard. Sometimes you do what you can and it doesn't click. That's part of life, part of the game.
"In 2008 and 2009 all batsmen scored runs, top order and middle order, but now it seems that everybody's time is not good," they added.
"It is important that at least two or three batsmen get hundreds but unfortunately, that's not happening right now in team India."
Failures at the top
Certainly Sehwag and their opening partner Gautam Gambhir could have had a better series having failed to put together a partnership of more than 25.
Although big opening stands have long been the bedrock on which Indian Test victories were built, Sehwag refused to take all the blame on behalf of the current top order.
"It's everybody's responsibility to score runs, especially outside India," they said.
"Unfortunately, on the last two tours the batsmen didn't get those runs. Yes, the openers need to make a good start but other batsmen need to score too."
Despite much conjecture in the Australian media that the opposite is the case, Sehwag said their team were "up" for the Adelaide Test.
"We lost the series but there is a pride in team India and we will play for our pride and, for ourselves, to improve our performance," they said.
"I think I'll have to show some patience against the Australian pace attack because perhaps then I'll get some balls to hit."
The adventurous opener has not lost a Test in their three matches as captain and said they were hoping for a big score on the batting-friendly Adelaide strip.
"I don't think there's any pressure on me with the captaincy as I was captain in West Indies and South Africa and scored hundreds," they said.
"It's just the responsibility of the senior player to concentrate on your batting and perform better. Hopefully, I'll do that in this game."
Sehwag said India may go into the final Test playing two spinners, Ravi Ashwin and left-armer Pragyan Ojha.
"We'll decide in the morning. It depends on the wicket. If we think it's dry enough and there's help for spinners, we will definitely go with two spinners," they said.
They also intended to bat first if they called the toss correctly.
"I think at the Adelaide Oval, everybody wants to bat first but if you look at the stats, whoever bats second generally wins the matches. Despite that, I'd want to bat first."
AFP/Reuters
Topics: cricket, sport, adelaide-5000, sa, australia
First posted
A website has launched that will provide Indigenous people throughout North and South America with the information to help exercise their rights to consent over what is done to their lands and territories.
Doubling as a mobile-friendly application, the website was developed with Indigenous people in collaboration with a number of academic institutions. It is hosted by Deyohahá:ge (Two Roads): The Indigenous Knowledge Centre at Six Nations Polytechnic in the territory of the Six Nations of the Grand River.
The right for Indigenous people to have free, prior and informed consent over what is done to their lands and territories is recognized throughout the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
The site provides information and tools for Indigenous communities when faced with making a decision dealing with third party organizations on issues such as resource extraction or development on their lands and territories.
Easy access
"The website is designed — and phone application as well — so that Indigenous people can have ready access to all these materials that are being written about their rights ... to make sure they have access to them, understand them and exercise them," said Terry Mitchell, a professor at Wifrid Laurier University.
Darren Thomas, a faculty member at the Wilfrid Laurier campus in Brantford who is Seneca and grew up in Six Nations, said making the information more available to grassroots community leadership and activists will better enable them to hold third parties to task.
Both Mitchell and Thomas are a part of the Indigenous Rights and Resource Governance Research Group (IRRG), which is made up of faculty, students and community members whose work focuses on the implementation of UNDRIP.
Sharing information
Bringing a greater understanding of what consent means for Indigenous communities, and governance is one of the goals of the website. It also aims to act as a hub, bringing together Indigenous communities from both North and South America to share information and experiences to better inform their own unique decision-making processes.
"Knowledge can be shared as this website becomes more active," said Mitchell.
"People can continue to share information but they can also [through the blog] be writing about real life situations and struggles."
Members of the Indigenous Rights and Resource Research Group. Top row, from left: Darren Thomas, Taylor Gibson, Rebecca Jamieson, Heather Bomberry, Rick Hill. Bottom row, from left: Tanis Hill, Pedro Poblete Lasserre, Terry Mitchell. (Chelsea Johnson/Six Nations Polytechnic)
While they might not have internet access in their home communities, when they travel into local centres, Indigenous people across North and South America are able to update their devices and applications.
"One of the things that we've noticed… not only in the North but certainly our colleagues in South America is regardless of whether or not Indigenous communities have access to the internet, in many locales they all have smartphones," said Thomas.
Also, having the website function on a mobile-friendly platform means that chiefs and leaders going into meetings can pick up their phones and access information or particular articles in UNDRIP easily, said Mitchell.
Much of the content is open access and downloadable for free, although some scholarly material requires institutional access.
For Stanley Cup hopefuls, the NHL trade deadline is a day to make one last push to build a roster strong enough to capture the chalice, while for others, it may be the first day of a potentially painful rebuild.
Over the past handful of years, the deadline has seen deals that nearly cemented championships before the playoffs began - and other moves that not only crippled teams' chances of success at the time, but derailed potential future glory.
Here are the five biggest deadline-day trades since 2010:
Martin St. Louis to the New York Rangers
On March 5, 2014 the Tampa Bay Lightning dealt team captain and leading scorer Martin St. Louis to the New York Rangers for forward Ryan Callahan, a conditional pick in the 2014 draft, and the team's first-round pick in 2015.
Beyond the significance of the player, what made the trade so monumental was the building tension between St. Louis and general manager Steve Yzerman that preceded it.
Though it became known that St. Louis had requested a trade to the Rangers earlier in their career in order to be closer to their family, St. Louis was believed to hold a grudge about being the final player cut from Team Canada's 2014 Olympics roster by their very own GM, which didn't bode well.
St. Louis was ultimately added to that squad thanks to a Steven Stamkos injury, but the damage was done, and soon after, their ticket to the Big Apple was punched.
Filip Forsberg to the Nashville Predators
While this trade did little to aid either team for its playoff push, it had drastic implications later.
On April 3, 2013, the Washington Capitals traded 2012 first-round pick Filip Forsberg to the Nashville Predators for forwards Martin Erat and Michael Latta.
The move was a complete head-scratcher: Why did the Capitals give up on a budding prospect so early for a question mark in Erat?
Erat failed miserably in their tenure with their new club, putting up just one goal and three points in the final nine games of the 2013 season and going pointless in the postseason.
They managed just one goal in 53 games with the Capitals the following season before being shipped to the then-Phoenix Coyotes. He's now playing in the KHL.
Meanwhile, in their first taste of the NHL last year, Forsberg impressed by tallying 26 goals and 63 points - marks Erat never hit in 12 full seasons in the league.
Marian Gaborik to the Columbus Blue Jackets
Marian Gaborik has become one of the more talked-about bodies at recent trade deadlines.
In 2013, the Rangers traded Gaborik (and defensemen Blake Parlett and Steven Delisle) to the Columbus Blue Jackets for Derek Dorsett, Derick Brassard, John Moore, and a 2014 sixth-round pick.
It was interesting to see the Rangers deal Gaborik - who'd tallied 41 goals just one season earlier - as the team was heading into the playoffs.
The trade appeared to work out for the Rangers, though: Brassard went on to lead the team in scoring in the postseason, totaling 12 points in 12 games, and remains a key piece of the club's roster to this day. The move also set up Gaborik for success later - but not with Columbus.
Ben Bishop to the Tampa Bay Lightning
The 2013 trade deadline was a fun day.
The Lightning and Ottawa Senators got in on the action as the Senators shipped goaltender Ben Bishop to the Lightning for forward Cory Conacher and a fourth-round pick in 2013, previously acquired by the Philadelphia Flyers.
After setting the American Hockey League on fire, Conacher burst onto the scene in Tampa, potting nine goals and 24 points in their first 35 games. The Lightning appeared to know their capabilities and sold them at their highest value, acquiring their potential franchise goaltender in the process.
Conacher has since been traded twice more and is now producing effectively in the Swiss Elite League, making it fairly easy to name a winner in this transaction.
Bishop, meanwhile, has amassed 104 wins as a member of the Lightning and helped the team reach the Stanley Cup Final last season, falling just two wins shy of hockey's ultimate prize.
Marian Gaborik to the Los Angeles Kings
After the 34-year-old was shipped out to aid a club in 2013, one year later, Gaborik was the key piece in a move to construct a Stanley Cup champion.
Gaborik was acquired by the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for forward Matt Frattin, the Edmonton Oilers' third-round pick in 2014, and the Toronto Maple Leafs' second-round pick in 2015.
The deal paid immediate dividends for the Kings as Gaborik was reborn on the West Coast, putting up five goals and 16 points in 19 games to conclude the regular season.
However, they truly demonstrated their value during the playoffs when they went off for 14 goals and 22 points in 26 games, making a large contribution to the Kings' second Stanley Cup in three seasons.
-With h/t to Today's Slapshot
Cook's double century was the fifth of their career, the second most by an England batsman
In hitting a magnificent 244 not out on day three of the fourth Ashes Test against Australia, Alastair Cook has ensured the questions about their future will go away.
I spoke to them after they reached their century on day two and there was disappointment this score has not come when the Ashes were still alive, but they have still gone out and played a magnificent innings.
They will have accepted the criticism that came after making just 83 runs in the first three Tests as England surrendered the urn and they will now feel a huge amount of relief and great satisfaction that they know they are still good enough.
I did feel when I was out in Australia for the first two Tests that they needed to convince themselves they could still do it. You doubt yourself when you are struggling.
The two most important things were:
Did they still want to get out there and score runs? It is clear that is still the case.
And, is they still seeing the ball well? Now there is no doubt about that either.
They have answered a lot of questions about their future.
Alastair Cook climbed from ninth to sixth in the all-time Test record run scorers list during their innings
People will say the pressure is off and it doesn't matter, but that is nonsense.
 They are still going out in front of 80,000 people with people talking about the end of their career. It is still as intense. It still matters.
People will also be saying Mitchell Starc wasn't playing because of their injury and Pat Cummins was ill on the first day, that is also nonsense.
You can only play what you are up against - England have been without their best player all series in Ben Stokes and that is not devaluing Australia's performance at all. You have to treat each achievement on its own and Cook's is right up there.
Media playback is not supported on this device Pint-sized Ashes: Cook hits double century
I always thought it was unlikely Cook would be dropped in the near future because there is no obvious replacement to open the batting.
I felt it would be down to them and whether they still wanted to do it - getting balls hurled at your head at 90mph is a difficult business after all.
If you are a proven quality in any sport, as Alastair Cook is - look at Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal this year in tennis - you don't lose it overnight. It is a combination of things that makes a player move towards the end of their career and a lot of that is willpower and drive to keep doing it.
Cook has shown that they have got it and the fact they knew they owed the team will drive them on as well.
Cook's career in detail The 33-year-old is England's all-time leading run scorer with 11,956 runs in 151 Tests (including current match) They have now scored 32 centuries, more than any other England player Cook has made 11 scores of 150-plus in Tests, an England record They have now scored two double centuries in 2017 - but has only made 412 runs in the other 18 innings combined
We have seen throughout Alastair's career that they bat in peaks and troughs.
When they are out of form they are very out of form and when they are in form they punish bowlers. Hopefully now there will be a peak.
No doubt next time their footwork goes and head drops to the off-side people will say that's end of their career. That's the way it goes in sport.
Like with Cook, there were questions about Stuart Broad and they were genuine concerns.
They had been down on pace not just in this series but in the summer and they had struggled with their outswinger to right-handers.
They looked like they might really be struggling but it is no surprise that after taking four wickets in the first innings, they have now scored runs as well with 56 in a 100-run partnership with Cook.
Media playback is not supported on this device Modest Cook 'quite proud' after double century
 They are a big game player, loves their cricket history and will have loved the fact they were playing in front of a big crowd at the MCG.
Now England have a 164-run lead, they have a good opportunity to win this match - it would be disappointing if they didn't.
In this series they have shown fight and desire that we didn't see four years ago during the 2013-14 whitewash. The Ashes have gone but of course it still matters, you are playing for your team and the supporters.
All of the talk was of a whitewash before this match and England have to make sure that does not happen.
If they win this match they will feel very different going into the final Test in Sydney and that is very important.
Jonathan Agnew was speaking to BBC Sport's Matthew Henry.
Shifting their campaign's focus away from winning the White House, Bernie Sanders called on supporters this week to join them in urging the Democratic Party to come out against an Obama administration-backed trade deal with countries in the Asia-Pacific.
The Vermont senator, who has vowed to take their presidential bid to the upcoming Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, asked backers to help them push for an amendment to the party's platform committee stating that "the Trans-Pacific Partnership must not get a vote in this Congress or in future sessions of Congress."
Contending that the effort "is not about embarrassing anyone," Sanders said their goal in urging the party to adopt the policy is to prevent jobs from being outsourced, protect the environment, respect human rights and stop pharmaceutical companies from increasing drug prices.
With the platform committee set to meet July 8 in Orlando, Sanders urged supporters to "add your name to tell the DNC Platform Committee to make sure the party's platform includes our amendment to prevent the disastrous TPP trade deal from ever coming up for a vote."
If we all make our voices heard, we can win the fight against the TPP. Sign our petition and stand with us: https://t.co/E2HUqI1Guv #StopTPP — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) June 30, 2016
The senator stressed that if the platform committee doesn't adopt the amendment, they will take their fight to the convention floor next month.
President Barack Obama, however, took issue this week with such criticism of global trade, including the TPP, saying "the prescription of withdrawing from trade deals and focusing solely on your local market, that's the wrong medicine."
"My pushback on both the left and the right when it comes to protectionism or anti-trade arguments is you are right to be concerned about the trends, but what you're prescribing will not work," they told reporters in Ottawa, Canada Wednesday.
According to the Obama administration, the TPP will help the country "rewrite the rules of trade to benefit America's middle class." If the United States doesn't, it contends, " competitors who don't share our values, like China, will step in to fill that void."
Although Sanders' presidential dreams have largely faded with rival Hillary Clinton winning enough delegate support to be deemed the presumptive Democratic nominee, the senator has continued to push their message in recent weeks in an effort to influence the party's platform.
They told supporters in Albany, New York last week that their campaign was in talks with Clinton to "try to determine whether or not they can come up with some very serious proposals which will help us transform America."
"Whether it will happen or not remains a good question," they added. "We are working with them right now."
The senator is not the only presidential candidate to take aim at the TPP this week.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump reportedly called the trade deal "another disaster, done and pushed by special interests who want to rape our country," during a Wednesday rally in Ohio.
By Lars Engebretsen
The number of ACL injuries in children is rising. Many of us see this daily in our clinics, however, each one of us have just a few–perhaps 10-20 a year. These are active children. In my country, Norway, the majority of these children are injured while skiing. On other continents, other sports dominate. What we have in common that these are often the best child athletes and the most daring ones.
Across the globe, many of these children do not see an orthopaedic surgeon and the injury goes undetected. However, in the developed world, many are referred to orthopaedics and they often undergo surgery. More than 50 different procedures have been published for this setting. All publications have only short-term followup; there are none with follow up > 10 years.
At the June 2017 International Society for Arthroscopy, Knee Surgery and Orthopaedic Sports Medicine (ISAKOS) meeting in Shanghai, an expert group agreed that the paediatric ACL reinjury rate after the various surgical procedures was about 25%. What does this mean? In short, we do not know what happens to children who rupture their ACL. Do they grow up like their friends, doing sports or prioritizing education and going on with their life? Or does the injury and treatment change their lives?
This blog is to challenge clinician and researcher readers to initiate studies on not only the short-term technical aspects of the treatment of the ACL injury. We already have data on meniscal and cartilage injury as well as additional ligament tears. Although disagreements between groups exist, it appears there are as many meniscal tears in children who have surgical reconstruction as there are in children who choose nonoperative treatment of the injury. Growth disturbances occur after surgical treatment, but these are rare. The irony is that we seem to have good technical capability to deal with these challenges, but the injury still seems to have a major impact of the child. Very few, if any of the children become high level athletes in pivoting sports. We lack information on their quality of life and premature OA development when they turn 25.
These issues can only be solved by long-term follow up in multicenter collaborations across universities and nations. This needs a long-term commitment by those of us who have the children's interests close at heart. In October 2017, the international Olympic Committee will host an expert group from all parts of the world with leaders from AOSSM, ESSKA, ISAKOS, SLARD and expert PTs who also specialize in treating and researching these patients. The group will prepare ahead of time and spend three days drilling into the literature and discussing the clinical issues. The meeting will result in an international consensus statement that should set the stage for future research. What I learned at ISAKOS was that the high number of reinjuires mean we need to improve our game!
********************
Professor Lars Engebretsen has published over 400 articles and book chapters, with a citation index (H-index) of 56.  They are among the world's most productive researchers. They use clinical, epidemiological and basic science methods to address questions in the areas of general sports medicine, knee ligaments, cartilage as well as the prevention of sports injuries and illnesses.
They were inducted into the AOSSM Hall of Fame in July 2015 and became an ESSKA Honorary member in 2016 and an ISAKOS Honorary member in June 2017 . They received the Nordic Prize in Medicine in 2016.
(Visited 150 times, 1 visits today)
Quote:
So yeah, Charlie won't make a move for another day at the earliest, likely 3 days. And I doubt Charlie will just put it out on the grapevine, because that will further raise more questions about the MK incident, and it also sends the message "Charlie lost something" which is bad press for business. No, I anticipate Delta will finally put the brakes on Charlie and tell them "Hold up, make repairs, and MAKE A PLAN."
Quote:
I think its more likely that Don will want them dead. Capital Dead. Parson croaked Slately.(mostly) Tv is a powderkeg right now, mainly because Don is losing it.
Good points all. And I agree with some downtime. I also think CB can put it out there discretely. I just would rather have Parson on Don's side that Caesar's. I like Don.Yeah, possibly. I also think Don's philosophy is not as hardcore Royal as some other sides, and although recent events might have galvanized their faith, I still think they are open to other ideas. I think at their hearts Don and Parson are both Erfgnostic, neither Toolists nor Royals (nor Fateist). Also although Don loved Slately, they knew Slately could be a pain in the ass. The main thing is Don has never MET the Hamstard. I look forward to seeing that meeting, and seeing what drama develops from all this!
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Fracking, the latest craze in the quest to produce oil and gas, has been blamed for environmental problems ranging from flammable tap water to minor earthquakes. Now a new risk is emerging: sand mining.
To squeeze hydrocarbons out of shale through hydraulic fracturing of the rock — the process known as fracking — producers need to pump an enormous amount of sand and other materials into the ground.
Obtaining the sand for this requires removing the top layer of earth over a sandstone deposit and using heavy equipment and large amounts of water to produce the fine grains.
According to some environmentalists and residents of affected areas, sand mining poses a threat to air and water quality.
Facing a shortage of the sand needed in fracking, oil and gas producer EOG Resources Inc got into this mining business to secure scare supplies and bring down costs.
But the company is facing big opposition to an operation planned in North Texas.
“One of the big concerns is the impact on the air,” said Jessie Thomas-Blate of the conservation group American Rivers. “Mining kicks up a lot of dust, and the people in the area can breathe in that dust.”
If inhaled, crystalline silica, a building block in so-called frac sand, is a potential carcinogen and can cause lung and other diseases, according to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
The mining process can also cause erosion and run-off that can fill nearby rivers with sediment, reducing oxygen levels for fish and plants, Thomas-Blate said.
EOG has promised that it will use start-of-art emissions equipment and that water for the project will come from wells drilled below the region's drinking water aquifer.
“The plant is designed to meet all standards related to air emissions as set forth by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality,” the company said in a statement.
MINING GROWING
In a hydraulic fracturing job, a mix of water, sand and other chemicals is injected into shale wells at very high pressures. The process creates small fissures in the rock that allow oil and gas to flow through the well.
EOG has one sand mine in Texas and one in Wisconsin. It plans another in Texas and two more in Wisconsin.
Not everyone is happy.
“There are air quality concerns, concerns about water quality and worries about truck traffic and its effect on the roads,” said Wylie Harris, a rancher whose property is less than a mile from the North Texas site where EOG intends to build.
The Cooke County mine still lacks a state air quality permit that EOG needs before it can finish the project, and county officials are asking for a hearing on the matter.
A meeting in August to discuss EOG's plans for the Cooke County sand operation drew more than 500 residents, said Stan Endres, city manager for Muenster, a town about 15 miles from the site.
“The majority of people who are concerned are the people that have property out there,” Endres said.  They are also concerned that trucks hauling the sand away from the mine will damage state and city roads at a time when budgets are tight.
To counter local criticism, EOG says its sand mine will bring 40 permanent jobs and tax revenue to two counties in North Texas, according to a fact sheet posted on the company's website.
GOLD RUSH
The North American rush to produce crude oil and natural gas from shale formations has driven up demand and prices for frac sand.
“There's been a sand shortage in the U.S.,” EOG Chief Executive Officer Mark Papa told investors this month. “And so those who have sand or have access to sand can pretty much charge what they want for that sand.”
The amount of industrial sand used in hydraulic fracturing has quadrupled from 2000 to 2009, said Tom Dolley, mineral commodity specialist at the U.S. Geological Survey.
The government estimates that 6.5 million metric tons of sand were used in hydraulic fracturing in 2009 — the latest year figures were released — and expects to find that amount doubled in 2010.
Because the numbers are self-reported, Dolley said they probably understate the industry's production and use of frac sands.
“There really is a gold rush right now for this type of material,” they said.
As shale drilling becomes more complex and wells keep getting bigger, the need for sand will only increase in the United States and overseas.
“There may be a shortage for a long period of time,” said energy analyst Mike Breard of Hodges Capital Management in Dallas.
With my previous post about killing the back button I got a some scepticism about it from some users, but what was common in all those feedbacks was the approach to manage different apps: yes killing the back button breaks some things, but I wrote it mainly to introduce the real idea: new approaches to task managing on mobile devices.
The following is just an idea, you can see it in this video made by Nils Urbanus (that I thank a lot):
Or you can see the original mock-up here:
The idea is to have on mobile a task manager like the one on desktop, in a thin panel. The user can swipe up the panel that will resize itself and the app icons; when the icons reach the size the user wants, they stop the swipe and tap on one of the icons; instead if they want to “close” the panel without tapping on an icon, they simply need to tap on an other point of the screen or to perform an other swipe (down) to the panel. If the panel is resized over a certain line, previews of the running apps appear.
In the mock-up I add two particular icons: the KDE logo one is intended to be the apps-drawer/kick-off, instead the Plasma logo one is the icon to show the Plasma shell (corresponding to Home button on Android and “show desktop” button on desktops).
My vision for it imply that only running apps are shown, like on desktop, resolving the issue of mobile world where you don't know if an app is running or not. So you can be totally in control about which apps are running, exactly like on desktop. For the app that runs services in background, an other solution need to be discussed. On desktop we have the system tray, but I don't know if it will work well on mobile, maybe it could if well implemented from a UX point of view.
This approach has great advantages:
the thin panel always shows to you which apps are running; it could be there a setting to “hide” the panel: you know the panel is there and you can open it by a swipe, but you have a total immersion experience, because all the screen is dedicated to your current app; stop running apps could be very simple and intuitive: we just need “close app” button on top of the previews, but also an horizontal swipe could work; when you have a lot of running apps, it's very easy to switch to one of them: the focus of the zoom of the icons depends on where is your finger; alternatively you can resize the panel and scroll the icons with horizontal swipes (or vertical ones if you reach the preview mode);
Since Plasma is known as an highly configurable environment, it could be cool to provide different task manager solutions, both the classic ones (like Android one) and new ones like this.
Please keep in mind that this is just a concept and currently I'm not developing it, it's just experimental and you could see something different at the end. As always, I like to involve the community into discussions, also into the ones about fresh ideas 😉
Thanks in particular to Andrea Del Sarto for support and feedbacks.
Ciao and see you around!
0
Musicals used to be one of Hollywood's staples, but they've fallen out of fashion lately: relegated to Disney animated features and the occasional prestige project like Les Miserables. Their surprising status on the sidelines may help explain why for every bubbly enthusiast for the latest Broadway blockbuster, there's another equally passionate film fan who responds with “ick, dancing!”
The prevalence of musical hate is undeniable, but it does the genre a huge disservice. Moreover, skeptics don't need to choke down some syrupy Rogers and Hammerstein production in order to find entries that they enjoy. Like every genre, the musical embraces a wide range of subjects, tones and storylines. It can be subversive, dark, iconoclastic and even frightening. In fact, a lot of people who profess to hate musicals may actually love more than a few: regarding them as “not real” musicals or musicals in name only. We've collected ten of them, though there are plenty more. Through their tone, approach or content, they march to a different beat… and even the most resolute genre hater probably has one or two on their or their shelf. We're presenting them in alphabetical order and have peppered a few honorable mentions among them: films that match our choices close enough to merit mention.
The Blues Brothers
Our first pick may actually be the most “traditional” musical on our list: assembled as studio product, and featuring a bevvy of well-known actors and musicians telling a redemption story as old as movies themselves. The corporate mentality behind it all was never far below the surface, crafting a pair of Saturday Night Live characters into a full-blown movie for the first in what proved to be a nauseating number of times. Even so, there's a reason it's become a classic. It takes the same irreverence and absurdity that director John Landis honed on Animal House, but beneath its smart-aleck tone lies a surprisingly upbeat story. Add that to some of the coolest musicians on the planet – Aretha Franklin, James Brown and Ray Charles, just for starters – and the formula becomes magic. They top it all off with a car chase for the ages, ensuring that even if you don't like Cab Calloway belting out “Minnie the Moocher” (and therefore may be some kind of alien pod person), you're bound to find something that appeals.
Bugsy Malone
This entry makes the list on novelty value alone. Director Alan Parker takes a traditional gangster film and reimagines it in a world populated solely by children. It carries the aspects of make-believe – Tommy-guns that shoot creampuffs, for instance – intended to remind us what playing cops and robbers really felt as a kid, as well as taking a broad swipe at crime movie clichés. To top it all off, it comes with a bevvy of brilliant songs from Paul Williams and a showstopping performance from a very young Jodie Foster. I guarantee you've never seen anything like it, and any fan of oddball cinema should do whatever they can to score a copy. (They're tough to find in the U.S., though Great Britain has plenty.)
(If gangster musicals are your thing, Warren Beatty's Dick Tracy makes a good follow-up, complete with Madonna rocking the doors off of some brilliant Stephen Sondheim numbers. Fans of weird cinema and/or Paul Williams should also check out Brian De Palma's Phantom of the Paradise.)
Cabaret
“The Nazi musical,” as star Liza Minelli puckishly put it, focuses far more on decadence and political turmoil than it does singing and dancing (an exceptional feat when that dancing comes courtesy of Bob Fosse). Perhaps most importantly from the average musical hater's point of view, none of the numbers shatter onscreen credibility. They all take place on the stage of the sinister Kit-Kat Club or otherwise “in-world.” The fact that they cover the rise of the Nazis and the seeming paralysis of anyone to do anything about it brings an additional cold dash of reality, making the film a historical cautionary tale as much as a musical.
Labyrinth
Jim Henson always believed that puppets were for more than just children, as evinced by The Dark Crystal… and Labyrinth which takes a surprisingly adult view of fairy tales and growing up. An ostensible journey through a magical land becomes tinged with blossoming sexuality, as well as the sad realization that you lose as much as you gain when you grow up. As the slightly infernal tour guide to this journey, we couldn't ask for more from David Bowie, but it's really the fifteen-year-old Jennifer Connelly who steals the show: holding their own not only against Bowie and their fantastic songs, but an army of Muppets too.
(Henson is no stranger to musicals, of course. Pick your Muppet movie; any of them would make a great addition to this list.)
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life
The Pythons always had an affection for musical numbers, which fit right in to their unique non-sequitur absurdity. Thanks to Eric Idle's knack for composition, they managed to slip a song or two into all of their feature films. But The Meaning of Life upped the ante, with elaborate songs covering heaven, hell, our place in the cosmos, and how awfully nice it is to have a penis (among other topics). They were outrageous at the time, and still pack a wallop even in this jaded era. More importantly, they usually turned a simple and rather flimsy joke (“heaven's kind of tacky, isn't it?”) into something worth singing about in the shower from time to time.
The Nightmare Before Christmas
We couldn't go far without acknowledging Henry Selick's holiday classic, its iconoclasm undiminished despite twenty years of corporate shilldom. The Nightmare Before Christmas gets to have its cake and eat it to in the holiday department: plenty of Christmas cheer for the squares, with a spike of Bah Humbug thrown in for the holiday Grinches. (The moment where the little boy shows their parents what “Santa” gets me giggling every time.) And thanks to Danny Elfman's appropriately Gothic songs, it finally found some Christmas carols that outsiders wanted to sing. (Lesson of this list: if you want a cool musical, get a rock star to write your songs.)
South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut
What would Brian Boitano do? Trey Parker and Matt Stone knew the answer, and just had to share it with the rest of us. Parker's love for Broadway shows is well-documented (he has their own Tony Award to prove it), and in the heady early days of the South Park phenomenon had the wherewithal to deliver one of their own to the big screen. Like several other films on this list, it revels in upsetting the status quo: sticking it in and breaking it off in any convenient political target it can find. The act has become quite familiar – though they're still scoring bulls-eyes almost 20 years later – but the enthusiasm with which they tackle this particular project speaks volumes about why they've been around so long.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show
AKA The One The Theater Kids Love. Rocky Horror got its start in small theater, the kind where you could really cut loose and do anything you wanted. Richard O'Brien did: developing an outlandish homage to B-horror pictures that came to define the midnight movie scene. Tim Curry made their career as the perversely sexual Dr. Frank N. Furter, and the film's transgressive plot spoke deeply to outsiders of all varieties. Even humming one of the film's many songs still feels like an act of subversion, something its creators presumably intended all along.
(Frank Oz's Little Shop of Horrors makes a fine – and somewhat more chaste – second helping of Rocky's camp delights.)
Sweeney Todd
Stephen Sondheim, the man behind Into the Woods, made their name on upending our preconceived notions about musicals. With Tim Burton, they found an ideal director to bring their tale of a semi-legendary serial killer to the big screen. Burton had to fight for the R rating the film eventually got, but the story demands such a gruesome touch, and Burton's famous love for outsiders finds the right vibe in Johnny Depp's unhinged barber. Depp also has the pleasure of killing off any co-stars who threaten to steal the show – including Sacha Baron Cohen, Alan Rickman and Timothy Spall, among others. Like Nightmare, its horror elements attract a crowd not much inclined towards the singing and dancing. But while Selick's film stays family friendly at all times, Todd follows its bloody instincts down to their hellish heart.
Tommy
Rock operas always seemed immune from the stuffy, fuddy-duddy reputation that follows other musicals like dogs. In the case of Tommy, they took that sensibility to its ultimate extreme, as director Ken Russell turns The Who's tale of pinball and redemption into a full-bore LSD trip. Ann-Margret and Oliver Reed proved utterly fearless in their willingness to take the material wherever Russell wanted to go, while Roger Daltry kept the band's DNA intact even as the set pieces got weirder and weirder. I'm still not convinced it's great, but you definitely won't forget it: which is all any rock god could ask for.
(Aficionados can replace this with Pink Floyd: The Wall, while those who want something a little more grounded should try John Cameron Mitchell's extraordinary Hedwig and the Angry Inch.)
VeganHood TV
Come and see how to live healthy
Best believe you don't need to be wealthy
Follow me to the knowledge tree
We're just fulfilling the prophecy
And eating what nature's provided me
>Repeat<
Word, son! This is exactly what I'm talking about. I've been checking out VeganHood TV on Youtube for the past couple weeks. They are excellent. Black vegan men in Brooklyn. Showcasing the realness and teaching the family. These are the sort of cats I've got to collabo with once I move to BK later this year. They should win awards based on their theme song alone, I love it. When I hear those lyrics my fist is up and my head is bopping. It's so simple and nice and the beat suggests urgency. Live and direct. Call me mad corny but this is what's up. So I'm highlighting their work here today, supporting more productive black vegans in the family. I see you! Keep repping the cause.
Black vegan straight-edge vigor forever. Black vegans ain't going nowhere.
Watch it all right here (what they have up so far, a work in progress):
Episode 1
Episode 2 – part 1 of 4
Episode 2 – part 2 of 4
Also, a revolutionary brother named Safari-Black related to this endeavor posting earlier about the Vegan Hip-Hop Movement:
Vegan and hip-hop are two of my main ingredients in terms of how I'd have to be defined. Vegan Hip-Hop movement? I'm 'bout that.
Advertisements
The National Disaster Recovery Framework is a guide that enables effective recovery support to disaster-impacted States, Tribes, Territorial and local jurisdictions. It provides a flexible structure that enables disaster recovery managers to operate in a unified and collaborative manner. It also focuses on how best to restore, redevelop and revitalize the health, social, economic, natural and environmental fabric of the community and build a more resilient Nation.
The National Disaster Recovery Framework is consistent with the vision set forth in the Presidential Policy Directive (PPD)-8, National Preparedness, which directs FEMA to work with interagency partners to publish a recovery framework. It is the first framework published under the Presidential Policy Directive reflecting the core recovery capabilities by supporting operational plans as an integral element of a National Preparedness System. It is a first step toward the PPD-8 objective to achieve a shared understanding and a common, integrated perspective across all mission areas—Prevention, Protection, Mitigation, Response, and Recovery—in order to achieve unity of effort and make the most effective use of the Nation's limited resources.
For the first time, the National Disaster Recovery Framework defines:
eight principles that guide recovery core capability development and recovery support activities under the NDRF,
roles and responsibilities of recovery coordinators and other stakeholders,
a coordinating structure that facilitates communication and collaboration among all stakeholders, guidance for pre- and post-disaster recovery planning and;
the overall process by which communities can capitalize on opportunities to rebuild stronger, smarter and safer.
The National Disaster Recovery Framework introduces six new Recovery Support Functions that provide a structure to facilitate problem-solving, improve access to resources, and foster coordination among State and Federal agencies, nongovernmental partners and stakeholders. Each Recovery Support Function has coordinating and primary Federal agencies and supporting organizations that operate together with local, State and Tribal government officials, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) and private sector partners. The Recovery Support Function coordinated by FEMA is Community Planning Capacity Building.
The National Disaster Recovery Framework presents three positions that provide focal points for incorporating recovery considerations into the decision making process and monitoring the need for adjustments in assistance where necessary and feasible throughout the recovery process. Those positions are Federal Disaster Recovery Coordinator (FDRC), State or Tribal Disaster Recovery Coordinators (SDRC or TDRC) and Local Disaster Recovery Managers (LDRM).
Resources
Pre-disaster Recovery Planning Resources
NDRF promotes the importance of both pre-and post-disaster recovery planning as a key to a well-orchestrated recovery process at the local, state, and tribal levels. Pre-disaster recovery plans are important because they establish resilience through leadership and structure, form key communication channels, and build whole-community partnerships to support recovery efforts.
The two resources below, a third for Tribal governments on the way, are very effective for helping your government and community create a pre-disaster recovery plan.
1)The Pre-Disaster Recovery Planning Guide for State Governments enables states to more easily adapt to new post-disaster roles needed to manage new or modified sources of state and federal recovery resources. Using this guide to develop state capability will not only allow your state or territory to be more effective in recovery, but it will help you better communicate and interface with your federal and local recovery partners.
2)The Pre-Disaster Recovery Planning Guide for Local Governments provides tools for public engagement, whole-community recovery, identification of existing recovery resources, and identifying outside partnerships that can help local governments build resilience both pre- and post- disaster.
3) FEMA's Planning page provides information on operational and strategic planning.
Post-disaster Recovery Resources
The Community Recovery Management Toolkit is designed to help communities manage long-term recovery. The toolkit guides you through a 3-step process of Organizing for Recovery, Planning for Recovery, and Managing recovery, while also giving you resources from other recovery support functions (seen in Core Capability Specific Resources).
Non-Stafford Act Events
The Effective Coordination of Recovery Resources for State, Tribal, Territorial and Local Incidents outlines best practices and approaches for states, tribes, and territories to help enable a more effective recovery for local communities after an incident of any size or scale. Building on the principles and concepts outlined in the National Disaster Recovery Framework, this guide will better position recovery stakeholders to lead, coordinate and support impacted communities in a more efficient, effective and equitable manner. It is designed to be applied after an incident, either in concert with existing pre-incident recovery plans or to enhance post-incident planning efforts.
It's official.
The Braves have released 2B Dan Uggla. A corresponding roster move will be made prior to tonight's game. — Atlanta Braves (@Braves) July 18, 2014
—
Update: We have confirmation on the release from MLB's Mark Bowman:
Multiple sources have confirmed @Ken_Rosenthal‘s report that the #Braves are releasing Uggla. He'll pass through waivers and then be a FA — Mark Bowman (@mlbbowman) July 18, 2014
—
After weeks of speculation, the Atlanta Braves have reportedly made the move that much of Braves Country has been begging them to make. They have decided to release Dan Uggla.
Hearing #Braves are releasing Dan Uggla — Joel Sherman (@Joelsherman1) July 18, 2014
Joel Sherman of the New York Post reports (and it has been confirmed by Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports) that Uggla will be DFA'd or outright released prior to the game on Friday evening, and this move has been a long time coming. The biggest obstacle was always the $13 million salary owed to Uggla for the 2015 season, but with Fredi Gonzalez unwilling and/or unable to utilize the 34-year-old second baseman in any meaningful role and Tommy La Stella emerging as a legitimate option at second base, this was the only move to make.
After combining to achieve 5.5 fWAR in their first two seasons, Dan Uggla has fallen off the table completely, hitting .179 with porous defense last season and bottoming out with a .162/.241/.231 slash line in 145 plate appearances in 2014. It is entirely possible that Frank Wren exhausted the whole of options with regard to trying to move Uggla for anything, and with nothing else to do, the veteran second baseman will now be on the unemployment line.
Stay tuned.
Facebook has been given approval for a €200m data centre in Co Meath after An Bord Pleanála rejected an appeal against the granting of planning permission for the facility.
In July Meath County Council approved the plans for the data centre to be built in Clonee in south Meath.
However, it was appealed to An Bord Pleanála. It was confirmed today that the board has upheld the original granting of permission.
The centre is to be built in two phases over the next decade on a site of 220 acres.
Chief executive of the council Jackie Maguire described it as a "very good day" for the county.
"This council worked closely with the company and the IDA to deliver this important project for Ireland and for the county and it is encouraging to see that effort rewarded and to have our decision to grant permission endorsed," they said.
Earlier this year a spokesperson for Facebook said the planning application "demonstrates our continued interest to invest in Ireland".
The murder of Liam Fee may well be one of Scotland's worst child abuse cases.
For most of their short life, the two-year-old suffered terribly at the hands of their mother and their partner. Their trial heard how the couple - Rachel and Nyomi Fee - also inflicted a catalogue of abuse on two other young boys.
After giving evidence at the High Court in Livingston, Sean Catherall told the BBC they had once regarded Nyomi as their best friend.
"I didn't think in a million years they were capable of any of that stuff... especially towards a baby," they said.
Rachel Trelfa, as they were then, and Nyomi Fee moved from Ryton, about eight miles west of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to Fife in December 2011, after Rachel left baby Liam's father.
They stayed in a Travelodge until early in 2012 when they moved to a house at Thornton near Glenrothes.
The pair would later enter into a civil partnership, with Rachel taking their partner's name.
Image caption Rachel and Nyomi Fee were said to have joked about sharing a prison cell
Image caption Liam died at their home near Glenrothes in Fife
It was following the move to Fife that the abuse of Liam appears to have begun. There, they repeatedly assaulted Liam until they could take it no longer.
They died in a bedroom of the family home on Saturday 22 March 2014.
The trial heard a recording of a panicked phone call made that evening for an ambulance. Nyomi was heard saying: "Can you please hurry up, my baby's not breathing.
"I think he's dead, he's not breathing, he's white."
But they were already blaming Liam's death on another child.
They go on to say: "He held their mouth closed, they said they held their mouth closed and their neck because they were crying, because they were trying to hurt him."
Doctors found Liam had suffered a ruptured heart from a blow or blows to their body. They also discovered double fractures of their thigh bone and arm. In total they counted more than 30 injuries on their body.
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption Rachel and Nyomi Fee locked two other boys in a makeshift cage, part of which was kept under their mattress
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption A metal frame under the mattress was found to be tied together
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption The makeshift cage was made partly from a fireguard
Sean Catherall had not been in contact with Rachel and Nyomi Fee for some time. But they both stayed with them a few days after Liam's death.
Their account of that is chilling.
"They weren't bothered," they said.
"They were sort of laughing, joking that they were going to get sent to jail for neglect… saying 'do you think we'll get the same cell together', stuff like that."
Meanwhile in Fife, a major police investigation was under way. Officers later found a number of objects hidden within a bed which raised their suspicions. There was a metal frame, cable ties, ropes and a chain.
Eventually police had enough evidence to charge Rachel and Nyomi Fee with Liam's murder and a series of abuses involving them and other children. It had taken five months to bring the charges.
Det Supt Gary Cunningham, from Police Scotland's east major investigations team, explained the complexities of the inquiry.
"The level of abuse and neglect that's taken place over a prolonged period of time, we wanted to exact out all the details on that," they said. "We didn't want to miss some of the additional charges that could be preferred against Rachel and Nyomi."
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption Cable ties were among the objects hidden under the bed that aroused suspicion
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption The discovery of ropes and a chain was also used in evidence
Rachel and Nyomi Fee's trial got under way two years after Liam's death.
For several days the jury in Court 2 at Livingston High Court watch videotaped interviews with two young boys.
They had been in the house on the night Liam died. One of the boys was the child the Fees blamed for Liam's death.
During several interviews, a specially-trained police officer and a social worker sought to assure them they were safe and not in any trouble as they tried to untangle their story.
It became clear that the boy had not strangled or suffocated Liam, they had put their hand over the toddler's mouth several days before their death but Liam had been walking and talking afterwards.
What also became clear in those interviews was the terrible abuse the two boys had also suffered.
They'd been beaten and locked in a cage, partly made from a fireguard. At times they'd been tied up all night and forced to take cold showers. There were other abuses that are too appalling to detail.
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption Staff at Liam's nursery had raised concerns about them
Nyomi Fee also told one of the boys she'd killed their father with a saw and that their pet boa constrictor ate little boys.
The children's evidence was crucial in this case but so too was their welfare.
Alistair Gaw, president of Social Work Scotland, said the well-being of child witnesses was paramount.
"You wouldn't be getting engaged in questioning or taking lines of questioning with a child that would actually be detrimental to that child, even if ultimately, that was at the cost of a prosecution case," they said.
So, could anything have been done to save Liam Fee? Concerns were raised about them at least three times.
Their nursery alerted social services after they became worried about a change in a little boy who had seemed happy when they first came to them.
Image caption The two-year-old was said to be happy when they first went to nursery but was later seen with injuries
Staff found a number of injuries on them and they were losing weight.
Liam's childminder had also made their concerns known a few months earlier.
Patricia Smith, who used the same childminder, also phoned social work after meeting the Fees in the street. Liam was in their buggy. Ms Smith told the court they didn't know if they were drugged or dead.
It was around now that Rachel Fee began telling people their two-year-old son had autism.
A senior Fife social worker admitted to the court that at one point Liam "fell off their radar". A member of staff went off sick and no-one else was assigned to their case. It was not until further concerns were raised that Liam's case was reviewed.
So there are questions for Fife Council and its social work department, for the NHS, for Police Scotland and other agencies.
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption Liam had more than 30 injuries, including a ruptured heart and double fractures of their thigh bone and arm
Image copyright Crown Office Image caption The toddler's body was found in their bedroom
Douglas Dunlop is the vice chairperson of Fife's Child Protection Committee which represents all the agencies involved.
It has set up a significant case review.
They said: "The circumstances of supporting families in situations such as this can be complex and there were a range of agencies involved in supporting Liam and their family and the details of that will be looked at through the Significant Case Review."
The review will be chaired by Professor Jacqueline Mok, a retired consultant who was the lead paediatrician for child protection in Edinburgh. They will look at all the records and interview the staff involved in the circumstances leading up to Liam's death.
Child killings are rare in Scotland but Liam Fee's name is now added to a tragic roll call of victims who died at the hands of those who should have protected them.
The Paramount will close at the end of September.
Wellington's oldest cinema – The Paramount on Courtenay Place – will celebrate its centenary before it closes its doors.
Cinema Paramount (CPL) director Janet Carson said the theatre would close in September.
"After 100 years we're gutted to be the ones closing the door ... it's hard," Carson said.
ALEXANDER TURNBULL LIBRARY The Paramount Theatre - built in 1917 - in 1923. Photo: Alexander Turnbull Library Ref: PA6-017
Carson said the business had not been kicked out and the current lease that expires in May had been extended to September by negotiation with the landlord.
READ MORE:
* Courtenay Place's historic picture palace The Paramount could become a hotel
* Wellington's Paramount Theatre plays first "talkie" film - 150 Years of News
* Boogie Wonderland closes its doors as liquidators seek quick sale
* Earthquake: What state are Wellington theatres and cinemas in?
"We just couldn't come to an agreement on a lease that would keep our business viable. We could not reach terms that were acceptable to both parties for a renewal."
Carson said the theatre would keep its commitments to current festivals – including July's International Film Festival – and hirers until September.
"We were keen to continue on in business at this site, the theatre is iconic and it has always been our dream to see it continue. We have owned the Paramount for 15 years," they said.
Until the doors shut it would be "business as usual, with our eclectic selection of movies and events continuing".
"On behalf of the other CPL shareholders ... we are proud to have kept the Paramount going as a lively venue for the best of cinema – as well as other events and live gigs – since we took over in 2002. It has not always been easy, but it has been a solid business and we have loved every minute of it."
Carson said details of the send-off and 100 year celebration would be released soon.
In June the theatre, in the heart of the capital's party zone, was granted resource consent for development of a four-star serviced hotel accommodating up to 46 guests, which is valid for five years.
Property manager Alan Blundell said the idea for a boutique hotel at the site had been a "plan b" and there were no concrete plans for the site's future.
Primed for redevelopment the property, which also features ground floor retail space, was for sale last year, but Blundell said November's Kaikoura quake disrupted its marketing.
The owner would be looking for alternative uses for the building once The Paramount had vacated.
Sorry, this video has expired
NSW Police have confirmed the bodies of six people have been recovered and brought back to land after a seaplane crashed into Jerusalem Bay near the town of Cowan, north of Sydney on Sunday afternoon.
Key points: One pilot and five passengers were on board the seaplane
Parts of the wreckage have been found
Plane was returning group from Cottage Point restaurant to Rose Bay
All five passengers and the pilot of the seaplane died when it crashed into the water in Hawkesbury River about 3:15pm.
Police divers have recovered the bodies from the submerged wreckage.
Aaron Shaw, the company's managing director, confirmed one pilot and five passengers were on board.
The seaplane was returning a party of five people from the Cottage Point Inn Restaurant to Rose Bay in Sydney's east when it crashed into the water.
The journey from Cottage Point to Rose Bay would normally take 20 minutes.
Numerous rescue vessels, including NSW Police divers and NSW Ambulance helicopters, attended the scene.
Some debris has been retrieved but the plane remains 13 metres below water.
The crashed aircraft, a DHC-2 Beaver registration VH-NOO, was operated by Sydney Seaplanes.
A marine command centre has been established at Apple Tree Bay boat ramp near Bobbin Head in the Ku Ring Gai National Park, near Cowan.
Police will guard the wreckage overnight until investigators from the Australia Transport Safety Bureau arrive at the scene on Monday morning.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the accident to contact them.
In a separate incident on the Hawksbury River, a 29-year-old woman was taken to hospital after falling off a wakeboard and being struck by another boat on Sunday.
Police said they were helped from the water by onlookers just before 6:00pm, and treated by paramedics for back and hip injuries.
They were flown by the Careflight rescue helicopter to Westmead hospital in a serious but stable condition.
Approximately 40 percent of the nation's primary energy is consumed in steam generation for power production and industrial process heating, of which 72 percent ultimately is rejected to the environment through condensation. These liquid-vapor phase-change heat transfer processes are often the bottleneck for system efficiency and intensity. To address such limitations, engineers are developing increasingly sophisticated designs for heat transfer equipment. However, due to the complex nature of two-phase transport and the great range of scales, exact analytical models are only feasible for the simplest flows. There is thus a need for robust multiscale simulation tools to analyze and optimize phase-change heat transfer processes in complex configurations.
This presentation will introduce the underlying mechanics of liquid-vapor phase-change and the formulation of an open-source parallelized extensible solver released by our research group. A case study will be presented for analyzing a flow boiling thermosyphon as employed in a waste-heat-activated absorption refrigeration system. Here, simulation findings informed a refined engineering flow boiling model that captures wake heat-transfer enhancement effects. Ongoing work in dropwise condensation will be presented. This transport mode can achieve heat fluxes 10 times those of filmwise condensation and has attracted interest for applications in power plant condensers. A new multiscale formulation is presented that captures average behavior of numerous microscale droplets and directly resolves large-scale interface dynamics. An outlook will be presented for the future of phase-change simulation and its role in enabling energy system advances.
First, a disclaimer: We are Skype users.
When it comes to calling relatives in far-flung locales, it's hard to beat the ease of Skype. It's free, usually pretty fast, and includes video, so we can see exactly what kind of sweater Uncle Frank is wearing to dinner. And according to the analytics firm TeleGeography, we're not alone.
In a paper released this week, TeleGeography reports that Skype experienced a 60 percent growth in user-to-user traffic last year. (Translation: When one Skype user chats directly with another Skype user, as opposed to using Skype to dial a regular old phone.) By the time analysts finish crunching the data, they expect Skype to have generated 54 billion minutes of international traffic in 2009, up from 33 billion minutes in 2008.
"The volume of traffic routed via Skype is tremendous," TeleGeography analyst Stephan Beckert said in a statement. "Skype is now the largest provider of cross border communications in the world, by far."
By comparison, growth in international telephone traffic has slowed to 8 percent. (8 percent sounds pretty good, yes. But as TeleGeography notes, over the past quarter century, international call volume on telephones has grown at a compounded annual rate of 15 percent.)
Mexico, for instance, is the world's largest calling destination. But calls to Mexico declined 4 percent in 2008, perhaps an effect of the sagging global economy. "Demand for international voice has been remarkably robust, but it's clearly not recession-proof," Beckert said.
As Amy Farnsworth Nagel pointed out last year, Skype's success is based partly on its broad appeal. "Some music and foreign-language teachers rely on the software to instruct students in distant or remote areas. Businesses strike international deals by videoconferencing. Students studying abroad can keep in touch with family free of charge," they wrote.
---
Skype user? Drop a line in the comments section, or follow us on our Twitter feed.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 6 EPFL / Alain Herzog EPFL / Alain Herzog EPFL / Alain Herzog EPFL / Alain Herzog EPFL / Alain Herzog EPFL / Alain Herzog
Developed by researchers at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), the thread consists of a metal core encased in a silicon pipe. Heat causes the core to melt and the thread assumes the properties of the silicon layer, bending and flexing as needed within about 10 seconds. When the thread is cooled again, the metal core solidifies and holds its new shape.
These properties also make the thread self-healing, as any dent or fracture in the metal core can be fixed by simply the melting and solidifying it again.
“Threads can be knitted, knotted, wrapped, and woven,” EPFL scientist Alice Tonazzini told Digital Trends. “They are versatile and allow easy integration in pre-existing bodies.”
As such, the fiber has a number of promising applications.
“The thread can be used to create the structure of robots that are expected to display multiple functionalities and adaptive behaviors,” Tonazzini explained. “An example is a robot whose skeleton become extremely soft and deformable on demand, for example for squeezing into a hole. Another example is a reconfigurable robot that can be easily morphed into different shapes that are preserved after cooling, thus enabling different locomotion modes.”
Within healthcare, the thread may be used in rehabilitation and surgery, as the basis for easily removable and reusable casts or surgical tools.
“It adapts to the anatomy of the patient when soft while having a protective and load-bearing capability when stiff,” Tonazzini said.
“In surgical tools and endoscopes, the thread can provide a tunable interaction with human tissues,” they added. “When soft, it will passively and safely adapt to cavities to be explored; when rigid, it will provide stiffness and stability to perform surgical operations.”
Tonazzini and their team recently published their work in Advanced Materials.
Putin dismisses election protests
By Clara Weiss
17 December 2011
On a nationally televised show Thursday, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin spent more than four-and-a-half hours responding to dozens of question from callers. While rejecting accusations of electoral fraud in recently held parliamentary elections and dismissing demands for a new vote, Putin signaled a willingness to appease the liberal opposition and accommodate its right-wing agenda.
The former president turned prime minister is running for a new term as president in elections to be held March 4, 2012.
In the parliamentary contest on December 5, the ruling party, United Russia, suffered a major setback, losing its majority in the Duma, with support falling from 64.3 percent to just 49.3 percent. A major factor in the debacle for the party of Putin and President Dimitry Medvedev was growing working class opposition to its pro-business policies and attacks on social welfare programs, and disillusionment with the social disaster produced by 20 years of capitalist restoration.
On Saturday, December 10, tens of thousands of people gathered across the country to protest against ballot-rigging and other measures implemented by the regime to skew the vote. The demonstrations, the largest in years, were organized by the liberal opposition and dominated by middle- and upper-middle class layers in the major cities. A central demand at the events was for the calling of new elections. While the protests remain relatively contained at the moment, the Russian ruling elite is anxious that they could spread beyond their narrow social confines and inspire a movement of the working class.
The US, which maintains close ties to many of the liberal bourgeois opposition groups, has sought to exploit the election crisis to pressure the regime, with which it has mounting conflicts in relation to the Persian Gulf, North Africa and Central and East Asia. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton quickly called for a probe of the voting after Western poll monitors alleged there had been widespread irregularities.
In Thursday's interview, Putin dismissed the charges of ballot-rigging, insisting that “the opposition will always claim that the elections are unfair.” They rejected demands for a vote recount and new elections.
At the same time, they acknowledged that “the elections doubtlessly reflect the balance of power in this country.” Claiming that the loss of votes for United Russia was “normal” after a period of crisis, they maintained that the outcome was still “a good sign” for the ruling party. They said the fact that “young and active people” went out onto the street reflected positively on political life in the country.
However, they went on to make crudely disparaging remarks about the show of opposition last Saturday, saying the white ribbons worn at the rallies resembled “dangling contraceptives.” As questions continued to flow in about the parliamentary vote, the exasperated prime minister proclaimed, “I am sick of your elections already.”
Putin reiterated the claim that Washington stood behind the protest movement, warning that some Russians were trying to bring about a “color revolution” in the interests of the Western powers. Aggressively attacking Washington, they focused in on Republican Senator John McCain, who had posted a comment on Twitter warning that an “Arab spring” would soon come to Russia.
While insisting that the government would keep further protests contained, Putin signaled a willingness to accommodate the free market liberal opposition. The prime minister announced some limited reforms to “modernize” political life in Russia, including the reintroduction of elections for governors (vetted by the Kremlin)—a long-standing demand of liberals. They also held out the prospect of “liberalizing the electoral law” so that the right-wing party Parnas of pro-Western business person Boris Nemtsov could be officially registered.
Toward the end of the television program, Putin suggested that the ex-oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovksy might be released from prison. Khodorkovsky, who is serving a multi-year sentence for tax evasion, was jailed after working towards setting up a political party in opposition to the Kremlin.
These concessions are an attempt to appease the better-off sections of the urban upper-middle class, whose primary concerns are lack of political influence and access to the spoils of power. Fearing above all the entrance of the working class into struggle, the Kremlin is considering ways to channel this social layer behind Putin by granting it some minor concessions.
A commentary in the newspaper Vzglyad, written by the well-known TV presenter Tina Kandelaki, reflects the outlook of the milieu to whom the Kremlin is speaking. Kandelaki wrote that under Putin “a new class has emerged—the class of successful people.” Pointing out that many journalists, writers and actors had participated in last Saturday's rally, they stated that this “new class,” of whom they themselves is a prominent representative, has become “a new dialogue partner” for the Kremlin.
They continued: “On the one hand, one has to understand that the government will not accept any revolution and that it will be right in this. But at the same time, the people won't allow their opinion to fall on deaf ears. And they will be right, too. Precisely in these consists the present balance of interests.”
The right-wing character of the path the Kremlin is taking was underscored when Putin praised the work of Alexei Kudrin, the recently dismissed finance minister, indicating that they might be invited to return to the government. Kudrin, a champion of fiscal austerity and a favorite of international finance, announced last week that they were considering forming another opposition party. During the TV show, Putin stressed that Kudrin had “never left my team” and maintained that their disagreements on economic questions were “not of a principled character.”
Kudrin has continually pressed the prime minister to abandon their efforts to cultivate a populist image by minimally increasing social spending, particularly with regards to pensions. In the television interview, Putin signaled that they would listen to Kudrin's demands. Departing from their previous public statements, Putin indicated that the pension age in Russia might be raised, albeit not in the immediate term.
“All countries now raise the pension age, even Ukraine, where life expectancy is the same as here,” they observed. “We still have a lot to do here,” they continued, adding that although “it is too early to speak about this… all aspects of our life have to be modernized, including both the economic and the social spheres.”
A cut in social spending by increasing the retirement age would have disastrous consequences for millions of people. According to the Independent Institute for Social Politics, 48 percent of the population depends on the payment of these funds to live, with either themselves or family members receiving a pension. Given that life expectancy for men stands at just 60, an increase of the pension age to just 62 would deprive millions of men of any benefits.
Russia's free market liberals have continually demanded pension “reform.” In the face of the immense unpopularity of this measure and the upcoming presidential election, however, both Putin and Medvedev have distanced themselves from such proposals. Now Putin is broadly hinting that they are prepared to make concessions to the liberals on this question. This underscores the fact that any negotiated settlement between the Kremlin and the liberals will be directed against the working class.
The reactionary and anti-working class character of the Putin regime was highlighted in Thursday's interview when the prime minister commented on the collapse of the USSR, which occurred 20 years ago this month. While lamenting the breakup of the Soviet Union from a nationalist standpoint, they insisted that the economic reforms that led to the restoration of capitalism in the region had been “necessary.” The result of the transition to a market economy was a fall in working class living standards never before witnessed in world history except during times of war, alongside the formation of Russia's super-rich oligarchy.
SAN JOSE -- More than 1,000 people, including 350 infants, may have been exposed to tuberculosis this fall after a nurse at a Northern California hospital was diagnosed with the disease, CBS San Francisco reports.
The hospital was notified in mid-November that the nurse received the diagnosis after the nurse's primary care doctor conducted a screening for an unrelated medical condition, officials at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center said Friday.
The nurse and all other hospital employees are screened for tuberculosis once a year, and the nurse's test in September came back negative, hospital officials said.
The nurse received the diagnosis after the September test results were in.
Those at greatest risk of exposure in this incident are infants, mothers and hospital employees, Santa Clara Valley Medical Center Chair of Pediatrics Dr. Stephen Harris said.
Hospital officials have identified 1,056 people at greatest risk, a number made up of the 350 infants, 368 mothers and 338 employees, Harris said.
Infants face severe possible consequences from the disease, including death, Harris said.
"It can be life-threatening," they said.
Unlike in toddlers and adults, the infection in an infant can get into the bloodstream and spread to other parts of the body, they said. In toddlers and adults the infection stays in the lungs, they said.
The disease tends to smolder for months before becoming deadly, though diagnoses are often made late, Harris said.
Hospital officials spent a month preparing to notify people of the potential exposure because officials had to consult with experts on, among other things, the window in which the exposure may have taken place and treatments, Harris said.
"We're confident we're addressing the situation with great speed," they said.
The infants and mothers potentially exposed were in the medical center's Mother & Infant Care Center between mid-August and mid-November, hospital officials said.
The work to notify the mothers and parents of the infants has begun, but not all have been notified, Harris said. The officials are notifying parents by mail and by phone, they said.
Visits for screenings and treatment will begin Monday, Harris said.
Harris said hospital staff will be talking with each parent about the need to treat their infant with the daily antibiotic isoniazid for six to nine months to prevent infection.
"That's a big deal," Harris said. "That is not something to be taken lightly."
The antibiotic kills tuberculosis and can prevent the infant from becoming ill, hospital officials said.
Harris said isoniazid is effective at preventing tuberculosis from setting up shop in both infants and adults.
None of the 1,056 people potentially exposed will have to pay for screening or treatment, hospital officials said. The cost will be picked up by the medical center, which is owned and operated by the county.
Mothers and employees will be screened and treated, if needed, with the same antibiotic as the infants for the same period of time.
Harris said the likelihood anyone was exposed is low because the nurse with the disease had no symptoms. They were not sneezing or coughing, two ways the disease is spread, hospital officials said.
Only active tuberculosis can be spread, Santa Clara County Health Officer Dr. Sara Cody said. Inactive or latent tuberculosis can reside in the body for a period of time and then become active again, health officials said.
Of the 1,056 people potentially exposed, no one has reported an infection, hospital officials said.
Michael Mobbs the "off the grid guy." All images by author
From the street, Michael Mobbs's inner Sydney terrace house looks like any other. But 20 years ago, Michael and their wife transformed their Chippendale home into an experiment in sustainable living: solar power, rainwater tanks, and a septic system to process their waste.
Mobbs nicknamed themselves the "off the grid guy." Their backyard contains laying chooks, honeybees, and a small edible garden. They even help to cultivate community gardens around the neighborhood. The couple still relies on gas for cooking, but they're spending less than $300 [$200 USD] a year on bills. Mobbs explains they're basically doing what farmers do, except in the middle of Sydney.
To me, Mobbs's life sounded like a cheap dream. Free power, water, and food with all the convenience and chaos of city life at my doorstep. The problem is there's a good chance I'll never be able to afford to buy a house in Sydney or Melbourne. Like most renters, I can't imagine convincing my landlord to install solar panels, a Tesla battery, or a rainwater tank.
And for me an eco-friendly house—just like that iPhone 6, a waterfront property, or having 50,000 Instagram followers—seems out of reach. So I decided to stop by Mobbs's place and ask them whether the carbon neutral existence is just a luxury reserved for rich baby boomers, or whether a poor 20-something like me could go off grid too.
Mobbs, a former lawyer, has published two books about living off the grid.
VICE: How much money and time did you put into this house?
Michael Mobbs: It cost me $48,000 [$35,000 USD] in 1996, but I made a lot mistakes because it was my first go. The water was $11,000 [$8,000 USD], the sewage was $11,000, and the solar was $26,000 [$19,000 USD]. But now that solar is dramatically reduced in cost. You're looking at about $25,000 [$18,000 USD] to go off grid. People can spend that on a kitchen, easily. It's quite a productive investment.
It took me three years of research because no one (that I was aware of) had done it in a city before. I went up a lot of dead ends, but once we started building, it only took three months. I wanted everything to be simple, so local tradespeople could install it and fix it.
Were you aiming to make a blueprint other people could copy?
I didn't want the house to only be for rich people. I wanted it to be so that anybody can do this. My energy and water bills were over $3,000 [$2,100 USD] [before renovating], and for the last 20 years, they've remained below $300 [$215 USD] a year. So if you were to spend $20,000 [$14,400 USD] to go off grid, you would save between $2,000 [$1,400 USD] to $4,000 [$3,000 USD] per year in energy and water bills. I pay no water or sewage bills, and no electricity bills.
Mobbs's homemade beehive
For a lot of people my age, it seems like we'll never be able to afford a house in the city—how can I live a greener existence?
You don't need to own a sustainable house to have more impact than this house does. You can be a renter and save more energy and water just by buying straight from farmers or at local food markets or food box services.
Our stomachs use twenty to forty times more power than our homes. The average Australian breakfast has to be grown, produced, and transported, and all up uses a thousand liters of water.
The backyard garden
So as someone with no real assets, ethical dieting is the best place to start?
Yeah, exactly. In a four-person household with a water efficient showerhead, you can save sixty thousand liters of water in a year. But if you just stop eating red meat one day a wee,k you can save sixty thousand liters in a month, easy. Food is just this huge sleeping monster.
Can you tell me about your career before you renovated this house?
I practiced law for nineteen years, specializing in environmental law, and I noticed that the more environmental laws there were, the dirtier the air got and the more energy we were consuming. I realized that law wasn't a solution, and I wanted to do something. So when I did this house and took care of my own pollution, it made me happier, and I'm glad I made the career change.
From the street, Mobbs's terrace looks a little greener than their neighbors, but you'd never guess what's inside.
The house changed your life?
When I started doing this, there was no one around. I had to learn to work with engineers, builders, and plumbers who hadn't been trained [to build sustainable housing]. I came across a huge amount of ignorance. That's why I wrote the book Sustainable House.
Then I wrote Sustainable Food because I'd discovered that the growing, production, and transport of food is the second biggest climate polluter in Australia after coal-fired power stations.
How much of your food do you get from the garden?
Probably one percent. Look at it, it's five meters wide, and it's mostly overshadowed, but I've got a lot happening there. That's why I started gardening in the street. The neighbors liked it, the media loved it, then the mayor came and planted a fruit tree, and now we have this policy where you can garden anywhere in the City of Sydney without government approval.
Follow Nat Kassel on Twitter.
Once you have built a model, you need to make sure it is robust and going to give you profitable signals when you trade live.
In this post, we are going to go over 3 easy ways you can improve the performance of your model.
Before you can improve your model, you must be able to establish a baseline performance to then improve upon. One great way to do this is by testing it over new data. However, even in the data-rich financial world, there is a limited amount of data and so you must be very careful about how you use it. For this reason, it is best to split your data set into three distinct parts.
Training Set: This is the data that you use to train, or build, the model. The algorithm will attempt to find relationships between your inputs (our indicators) and the output (whether the next day's price will close up or down). Usually you want to reserve around 60% of your data for the training.
Test Set: We will use the test set to evaluate the model's performance over data that wasn't used to build it. This is the set that we will use to compare different models so it is important that it is representative of the data set as a whole. Generally, about 20% of the data should be set aside for the test set.
Validation Set: The validation set is used to measure how well our final model will perform moving forward. You can only use this data once for it to be truly “out-of-sample” or else you are merely overfitting a model to this final data set. If the results aren't up to your standards, you have to start back at square one using a different validation set in order to be confident you have built a robust model. The final 20% of the data is usually reserved as your validation set.
1. Understanding Your Model
Before you can improve your model, you need to understand the characteristics of your model; specifically, where does it fall in the bias-variance tradeoff? Bia, also known as underfitting, is caused by the model making overly simplistic assumptions of the data. Variance, on the other hand, is what we know as overfitting, or merely modeling the inherent noise in your data. The trick is to capture as much of the underlying signal in your data without fitting to the random noise.
An easy way to know where your model falls in the bias-variance tradeoff is comparing the error on your training set to your test set error. If you have a high training set error and a high test set error, you are most likely have a high bias, whereas if you have a low training set error and a high test set error, you are suffering from high variance.
You tend to get better results over new data if you err on the side of underfitting, but here are a couple ways to address both issues:
High Variance (Overfitting) High Bias (Underfitting) Use more data Add more inputs Regularization* Create more sophisticated features Ensemble: bagging Ensemble: boosting
*Regularization is a process that penalizes models for becoming more complex and places a premium on simpler models (You can find more information and an example in R here.
Now that we understand where our model falls on the bias-variance tradeoff, let's explore other ways to improve our model.
2. Feature Creation
Like we covered in a previous article, choosing the inputs to your model are incredible important. The mantra “garbage in garbage out” is very applicable, where if we are not giving valuable information to the algorithm, it is not going to be able to find any useful patterns or relationships.
While you might say “I use a 14-period RSI to trade”, there is actually a lot more that goes into it. You are most likely also incorporating the slope of the RSI, whether it is at a local maximum or minimum, incorporating divergence from the price, and numerous other factors. However, the model receives only one piece of information: the current value of the RSI. By creating a feature, or a calculation derived from the value of the RSI, we are able to provide the algorithm with much more information in a single value.
Let's use a Naive Bayes algorithm, a more stable algorithm that tends to have a high bias, to see how creating more sophisticated features can improve its performance. To learn more about decision trees, be sure to take a look at my previous post on how to use a decision tree to trade Bank of America stock..
First, let's install the packages we need, get our data set up and calculate the baseline inputs.
install.packages(“quantmod”)
library(quantmod)
install.packages(“e1071”)
library(e1071)
startDate = as.Date("2009-01-01")
endDate = as.Date("2014-06-01")
#Set the date range we want to explore
getSymbols("MSFT", src = "yahoo", from = startDate, to = endDate)
#Grab our data
EMA5 RSI14 Volume #Calculate our basic indicators. Note: we have to lag the volume to use yesterday's volume as an input to avoid data snooping, whereas we avoid that problem by calculating the indicators off the open price
PriceChange Class0,"UP","DOWN")
#Create the variable we are looking to predict
BaselineDataSet BaselineDataSet #Like we mentioned in our previous article, we need to round the inputs to two decimal places when using a Naive Bayes algorithm
BaselineDataSet BaselineDataSet colnames(BaselineDataSet) #Create our data set, delete the periods where our indicators are being calculated and name the columns
BaselineTrainingSet #Divide the data into 60% training set, 20% test set, and 20% validation set
BaselineNB
And then build our baseline model.
table(predict(BaselineNB,BaselineTestSet),BaselineTestSet[,4],dnn=list('predicted','actual'))
Not great. Only 46% accurate and we have a fairly strong upward bias. This is a strong sign that our model isn't sufficiently complex enough to model our data and is underfitting.
Now, let's create some more sophisticated features and see if we are able to reduce this bias.
EMA5Cross RSI14ROC3 VolumeROC1 #Let's explore the distance between our 5-period EMA and the open price, and the one and three period rate of changes (ROC) of our RSI and Volume, respectively
FeatureDataSet FeatureDataSet #Round the indicator values
FeatureDataSet FeatureDataSet colnames(FeatureDataSet) #Create and name the data set
FeatureTrainingSet #Build our training, test, and validation sets
FeatureNB
table(predict(FeatureNB,FeatureTestSet),FeatureTestSet[,4],dnn=list('predicted','actual'))
3. Ensemble Techniques
And finally build our new model.Let's see if we were able to reduce the bias of our model.We were able to improve the accuracy by 7% up to 53% with only fairly basic features! By exploring how you actually look at your indicators and translating that into a value the model can understand, you should be able to improve the performance even more!
One of the most powerful methods of improving the performance of your model is to actually incorporate multiple models into what is known as an “ensemble”. The theory is that by combining multiple models and aggregating their predictions, we are able to get much more robust results. Empirical tests have shown that even ensembles of basic models are able to outperform much more powerful individual models.
There are three basic ensemble techniques:
Bagging: Bagging works by building models based off slightly different training sets and averaging their results to get a single prediction. The training set is altered by replicating or deleting data points, resulting in slightly different models. This process works well with unstable models (like decision trees) or if there is a degree of randomness in the model building process (like the initial weights of a neural network). By taking the average prediction of the collection of models with high variance, we are able to decrease the overall variance without increasing the bias, which can lead to better results.
Boosting: Boosting works in an iterative fashion by encouraging models to become experts where earlier models were weak. Greater weights on previously incorrectly classified data points and the final prediction is made by combining a weighted vote of all the models in the ensemble. This technique works well with “weak” classifiers that tend to underfit the data, like simple decision trees or Naive Bayes classifiers. Here we are using models with a high bias to focus on subsets of the data, allowing the ensemble as a whole to capture more of the underlying signal.
Stacking: So far we have only explored ensembles containing models with the same underlying algorithm, but what if we have multiple models based on different algorithms? Stacking incorporates a wide variety of models by using a “meta learner” to try to figure out the best combination of individual models. Predictions made by each individual model are then fed into the “meta learner”, which analyzes the characteristics of each model and outputs the final prediction. Stacking is best used when you have a collection of models built off different underlying learning algorithms.
Let's use a model with high variance, an unpruned decision tree, to show how bagging can improve its performance.
First, we'll build a decision tree using the same features we constructed for the Naive Bayes.
install.packages(“rpart”)
library(rpart)
install.packages(“foreach”)
library(foreach)
For a limited time, enjoy FREE shipping on your entire order with any qualifying Drew Estate box purchase on this page!
In a Liga of its own.
The new Liga Privada T52 is the highly anticipated follow up to the coveted Liga Privada No. 9 by Drew Estate. The T52 employs a unique stalk-cut Sungrown Habano wrapper overtop a signature recipe of seven different varieties of tobacco. On the outside, the stalk-cut wrapper is exquisite....dark, reddish-brown and glistening with oils. After rolling T52 is aged one full year, resulting in a brilliant array of complex nuances. Bold, distinct and loaded with notes of leather, earth, spices and black pepper, T52 is robust and satisfying.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52 received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: "A dark, oily robusto packed with full-bodied tobacco, though it burns and draws evenly. The smoke is bold with cedar and leather while touches of orange peel and acidity come through on the palate."
NOTE: Just like Liga Privada No. 9, only the best rollers are used to ensure a perfectly constructed, utterly consistent product. T52 production is extremely limited. Liga Privada T52 cigars come in both cellophane and non-cellophane packaging.
AP On the first day of legislative business after a holiday recess, the Senate on Monday confirmed the nomination of Janet Yellen to chair the Federal Reserve.
The Senate confirmed Yellen by a 56-26 vote. Eighteen senators either were not present or did not vote. Eleven Republican senators joined all present Democrats in voting to confirm Yellen.
Yellen's confirmation clears the way for them to become the most powerful woman in American history, as the Fed has tremendous independence and influence on the U.S. and world economies.  They are the first female chair of the Fed, and they succeed the outgoing Ben Bernanke.
President Barack Obama nominated Yellen to the post in early October.
Yellen, who has been serving as the Fed's vicechair since 2010, will begin their term on Feb. 1.
There's one guaranteed pro-sex-work response whenever you write something unenthusiastic about prostitution, and that response is: listen to sex workers. It was the dominant theme of critical replies to my review of Melissa Gira Grant's Playing the Whore: listen to sex workers, then you'll see how wrong you are.
In some ways it's a peculiar logic when it comes to sex work – it claims the privileged status of the victim, while pro-sex-work advocates simultaneously insist that sex workers are not victims – but there's a logic to it that I wouldn't dispute. The people directly affected by any situation have undeniable insights into their condition, and I want to listen to them. I want to do justice to the people who figure in my politics.
But when I'm told listen to sex workers, the assumption is that “sex workers” as a class adopt a coherent line which I'm obliged to follow. (Again, this is a bit weird because one of the main strands of anti-legislation argument also holds that sex workers are too various to be dealt with under a single framework. Nevertheless, there it is.)
So for example, Gira Grant espouses decriminalisation, and presents that as an aim pertinent to all sex workers – in fact, they argue for total freedom from the state, including no registration and no taxation on income. But in Italy, some sex workers are campaigning for the right to legally register their occupation and to pay tax (doing so would make them eligible for pensions, which is a highly reasonable thing to want). Who to listen to, Gira Grant or the Italian protesters?
Or maybe I should listen to Rachel Moran, a former prostitute who considers the purchase of sex an act of violence against women and campaigns for its criminalisation (her own testimony, in their memoir Paid For, makes a pretty compelling case). Moran holds a very different opinion on whom the victims of prostitution are:
The acceptance of prostitution makes all women potential prostitutes in the public view since there are only two requirements for a woman to work in a brothel: one is that circumstance has placed them so […] and the other is that they have a vagina, and all women are born meeting at least one of these requirements. Paid For, Rachel Moran (Gill & Macmillan, 2013)
In other words, women as a class are affected by the fact of sex work, which means that all women have the right to be listened to as the affected class.
The “listen to” argument shrugs off responsibility. Rather than make your own judgments, it allows you to outsource your moral thinking to another party, and give up the tricky obligation to weigh facts and balance rights.
But it also obscures a moral judgment already taken: when someone says listen to sex workers, they're defining the class “sex worker” by the opinions they think it proper for a sex worker to hold. (For example: anyone endorses Moran's writing and campaigning is liable to be called a “SWERF” – Sex Worker Exclusionary Radical Feminist – even though they had sex for money over the course of many years. Including them is still considered to be excluding sex workers, because sex workers are supposed to support the continuation of prostitution.)
This kind of covertly selective listening is not enough. Absorbing testimony is critical to developing your politics, but it's not a replacement for the work you need to do yourself. That work is hard, of course. It takes you into areas where you have no guide but your own judgment, and the judgments you make have the potential to affect real lives if you are ever in a position to shape policy, or even just to influence other people's opinions. That's a responsibility I can understand anyone preferring not to acknowledge, but it's a responsibility you have whether you want it or not. And it's why the “listen to” argument is necessary, but it's never sufficient.
Photo by Erez Avissar
Local media in São Paulo have apparently been running reports that Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood is in Brazil, hiding out "to wait for the end of the world" at the end of the Mayan calender on 12/21, according to the British tabloid the Daily Mail. Of course, Radiohead's management denied these reports, claiming they have been entirely fabricated, and that Greenwood is not even in the country.
According to Brazilian news website Folha de São Paulo (via the Daily Mail), Greenwood is staying in "a self-sufficient guest-house" in the countryside, near the city of São Luíz do Paraitinga. The city's Tourism Minister, Eduardo de Oliveira Coelho, told Folha de São Paulo that Greenwood arrived in early December, and that other band members would be joining them soon. They said Greenwood would offer free classes to Brazilian youth and extend their stay if the apocalypse didn't happen.
The owner of the hotel even told Folha de Sa Paulo, "The reason why he's here is to get away, because hotels like this preserve the privacy of guests and they do not want publicity," according to the Daily Mail.
Of course, none of this is actually true, according to the band's camp.
Watch Radiohead's video for "Lotus Flower":
Embedded content is unavailable.
OneTaste is a business dedicated to researching and teaching the practices of orgasmic meditation and slow sex. Though it embraces certain tenets based in Eastern philosophy, OneTaste's central focus is female orgasm and sexuality,[2][3] especially in a practice called Orgasmic Meditation.
OneTaste was cofounded in San Francisco by Robert Kandell and Nicole Daedone in 2001. OneTaste originally operated two communal-style "urban retreat" centers, one in San Francisco's Soma District and the other on Manhattan's Lower East Side, but has expanded to include Los Angeles, London, Melbourne, and six other U.S. cities. The organization's stated goal is "to create a clean, well-lit place where sexuality, relationship, and intimacy could be discussed openly and honestly."[4] OneTaste produces media, workshops, weekend retreats, and a coach training program.
OneTaste has drawn international media attention and controversy; several journalists have compared OneTaste to a cult and pyramid scheme, while others have noted a push of orgasmic meditation into the mainstream.[5][6][7][8] Reflecting this push into the mainstream, some journalists have called Orgasmic Meditation a new craze, while online estimates say OneTaste teaches 500 people each month in its "How to" classes.[citation needed] In 2014 OneTaste received Inc. 5000 Honors for Top Health companies.[1][9][10]
The organization has often been criticized for its cult-like operations, similar to Lafayette Morehouse, which influenced Daedone.[11][12]
Orgasmic meditation [ edit ]
Orgasmic meditation or OMing is a term coined by Nicole Daedone and Robert Kandell to signify a mindfulness practice in which the object of meditation is finger to genital contact.[2] OMing is practiced in pairs, with one practitioner stroking the genitals of the other, and both focusing their attention on the sensation with the stated goal of developing connective resonance between them. Although the practitioners can be of either sex, the focus of orgasmic meditation seems to be on the female orgasm through subtle and deliberate stimulation of the clitoris.[2] Both partners, however, are said to share in the sensation and fulfillment via a kind of "pleasure by proxy."[13] Proponents state that orgasmic meditation encompasses more than just orgasm and that it encourages greater emotional awareness, connected relationships, and sense of fulfillment.[14] Others describe the sensation as "a heady buzz, mixed with equal parts wooziness and intensity of focus."[15]
In press accounts, orgasmic meditation has been compared to tantric practices. "The idea, similar to Buddhist Tantric sex, is to extend the sensory peak."[2] Daedone has stated in interviews that OMing also borrows from other traditions including yoga, and other forms of meditation,[16] and they describe it as a central element of what they term the "Slow Sex Movement".[13][17] In fact, when asked where they first are exposed to this practice, they state that a "Buddhist Monk" introduced them to the practice.[18] They state that OMing brings consciousness to sexuality in the same way that sitting meditation brings consciousness to stillness and yoga brings consciousness to movement.[16] Proponents maintain that the practice leads to more intense and profound orgasms,[14] expands one's capacity to feel pleasure and other sensations, and promotes greater personal awareness and interpersonal connectivity.[2] Others describe more limited effects, such as simply "getting in touch with one's body."[19] Some who have participated in or witnessed the practice report feeling a sense of discomfort or inappropriateness. "I tried with great futility to make the connection between an austere Zen monastery filled with silent monks meditating on emptiness, and what I had just seen."[20]
The practice of orgasmic meditation is done with a partner. A woman lies down, unclothed from the waist down, while their fully clothed partner sits alongside. The one sitting uses their or their index finger to slowly, deliberately stroke the clitoris of the other. Typically this safe sex practice involves the wearing of gloves. The session is timed and lasts for exactly 15 minutes. Both partners are directed to focus their attention on the point of contact, or "stroke."[21] Practitioners of orgasmic meditation claim that the practice nourishes the limbic system, the part of the brain shared with other mammals and associated with emotion, empathy, and motivation.[13] When the OMing session is over, both partners share their experiences verbally.[2][15]
Daedone states that the so-called "resonance" between two partners is essential to the experience of shared sensation.[22] OM is usually practiced separately from sex and often in a location other than the bedroom; as distinct from foreplay, Daedone describes it as a practice "designed to keep a woman on a plateau of sensation." A visiting UK columnist surmised that "OM is a form of recalibration that prepares the body for better, more intense sex."[23]
Slow sex [ edit ]
The New York Times portrays Daedone as leading a self-described "slow sex movement, one that places a near-exclusive emphasis on women's pleasure — in which love, romance and even flirtation are not required."[2] Daedone draws parallels between slow sex and the Slow Food movement associated with chef Alice Waters.[13] With sex as with food, they say, people can overindulge without getting nourishment, or go from one extreme of consuming mindlessly to the other extreme of self-denial.[16]
In an interview with San Francisco's 7x7 magazine, Daedone states that slow sex encompasses orgasmic meditation and mindful sexuality generally.[24] They say that slow sex is not defined by speed or the amount of time spent, but rather these three ingredients: 1) developing attention to what's actually present rather than fixating on a goal, 2) simplicity, a stripping away of extraneous elements down to the level of pure sensation 3) cultivating desire by learning to acknowledge and articulate it.
In 2011, Daedone published Slow Sex: The Art and Craft of the Female Orgasm, described as elevating "the female orgasm to a level of religious and spiritual practice."[25] A review in Salon.com explores whether these ideas and practices will appeal only to "alternative circles" or to a larger mainstream audience. Salon notes the demand for "female Viagra," with an estimated market of $2 billion US, and numerous studies that document women's dissatisfaction with sex and low frequency of orgasm. The review concludes "Daedone's philosophy is a refreshing counterpoint to the porny mainstream, but it's certainly hard to picture Middle America embracing orgasmic meditation."[25]
Related work [ edit ]
In The Four Hour Body, a New York Times Best Seller[26] described as "a lab report on more than a decade of diet, exercise, and sexual trials that Tim Ferriss carried out on himself,"[27] two chapters are devoted to "The 15 Minute Female Orgasm" in which Ferriss describes their quest to learn to facilitate the experience of orgasm in any woman.[28]
Press and controversy [ edit ]
In March 2009, The New York Times featured OneTaste on the front page of its "Style" section. The article describes the organization as "the latest stop on this sexual underground, weaving together strands of radical individual freedom, Eastern spirituality and feminism." An Indiana University sociology professor who has studied San Francisco's sexual subcultures, Elizabeth A. Armstrong, is quoted as saying “The notion of a San Francisco sex commune focused on female orgasm is part of a long and rich history of women being public and empowered about their sexuality.”[2]
The article also notes, "as with many a commune before it, the leader of One Taste, Ms. Daedone, is a polarizing personality, whom admirers venerate as a sex diva, although some former members say they have cult like powers over their followers... Much of the community's tone revolves around Ms. Daedone, a woman of considerable charm, although detractors regard them as a master manipulator."[2] In the New York Times interview, Ms. Daedone insists they do not aspire to guru status, while acknowledging that "there's a high potential for this to be a cult."[2]
The New York Times article led to several blog and opinion columns. Salon.com ran an essay that referenced the Times piece and discussed the merits of women joining a community dedicated to female orgasm, concluding that "within a mainstream sexual culture defined almost exclusively by dudely desires" that it might be healthy.[29]
A number of press accounts have since offered different perspectives on the organization including a 2013 Gawker article, also referencing online cult accusations, which documented the reporter's experience at a weekend conference hosted by OneTaste.[30] An article in GoodTimes Weekly, 'The Big OM', refers to "cult allegations" by posters on Yelp.com,[12] as did one on Vice[31] and on Salon.[32] A 2016 episode of the podcast Love + Radio is dedicated to the experience of a woman who had increasingly fraught relations with OneTaste.[33] An article in The Cut stated that "some cult experts have linked Daedone with Victor Baranco," the cult leader who ran Lafayette Morehouse, and also suggests that it may be a pyramid scheme.[11] Similarly, an article in The Frisky described OneTaste as "Landmark Forum for the clitoris."[34] A Refinery 29 article cited the organization's "potentially aggressive sales tactics."[35]
Playboy Magazine compared OneTaste to Scientology and Landmark Forum, saying it had a "pyramidal pricing structure"; a week-long training with Nicole Daedone had been advertised at $36,000. It said: "All I can think about is how easy it is to start a cult. .... the way the volunteers serve the leaders, jumping at their every demand to "get me water” and “move that stool”... the full-court sales pitch from the minute you walk in... I leave early and I'm furious". The author implies they were gaslighted when they disagreed with the leaders. They write that they were re-traumatized "for weeks" as memories of their past sexual trauma were triggered by a business promising female empowerment but "people probably just want your money."[36]
The book Sensation by Isabel Losada ends with a "Warning" about "'hard sell' techniques... 'One Taste' (like many businesses) offer a wide range of courses which are outside the price range of most bank accounts. I'll say it again. Please don't spend money that you don't have."[37]
In June 2018, Bloomberg Businessweek published an article chronicling recent training changes and that was critical of how the company treated its employees and consultants, often pressuring them to take expensive courses, programs, and retreats that drove them into debt.[38]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The National Basketball Referees Association is aggressively asserting that the NBA is cowing to Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, charging them with pursuing a competitive advantage for their team “via threats and intimidation” toward game referees.
The Vertical obtained a series of memorandums distributed recently among the league's 64 referees – including correspondences between the NBRA and NBA – that describe over a year of discord between the referees and league office, largely centered on Cuban.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
In a recent letter to Byron Spruell, the NBA's president of league operations, NBRA general counsel Lee Seham outlined what the union considers to be a lengthy pattern of documented violations by Cuban of the NBA constitution and “undue influence of the league's management of its officials.”
“We consider the threat to the integrity of NBA basketball presented by Mr. Cuban's misconduct to be real and growing,” Seham wrote on Dec. 9.
Cuban has been a longtime critic of the league's officiating and referee management, accruing over seven figures in financial fines through the years for their public criticisms and behavior regarding referees. Cuban has been adamant in their displeasure over the quality, training and oversight of referees.
Story continues
In response to the league rejecting Seham's premise that Cuban holds an “inappropriate influence” over referee employment decisions, the union's general counsel responded: “No other owner has communicated to our members with such force that they exercise control over their careers. They have communicated that they played a pivotal role in the termination of Kevin Fehr, a referee who met league performance standards. They have communicated to an NBRA board member, during contract negotiations, that the referees would continue to be at-will employees. They have told a referee, during a game, that they follow that referee's game reports.”
Mark Cuban purchased the Mavericks in 2000. (Getty Images)
NBA spokesperson Mike Bass told The Vertical on Thursday: “We have no specific response to Lee Seham, the lawyer who represents the referees union. This approach is just the latest in a series of steps Mr. Seham has taken in an attempt to undermine the necessary transparency we have brought to our game.
“We will not be deterred or distracted from continuing to focus on improving our officiating.”
In a telephone conference call that included many of the NBA's 64 referees this week, Spruell was met with several strong admonishments from individual referees decrying a lack of league support toward them, said sources with knowledge of the call. Also, the teleconference included dialogue between referees and Spruell that both sides considered constructive too, sources said.
In several internal and external memos over the past year, Seham portrays a league office unable to control or mollify Cuban, raising fears that their reported behavior is emboldening others to disregard league norms and rules.
Read Mark Cuban's full response to the NBRA's assertions here
“To suggest I have influence is to suggest that the NBA officials can be influenced,” Cuban told The Vertical in an email. “If an official can be influenced by pressure from anyone, they should not be in the NBA. I don't believe they can be influenced. As far as my influence on employment, several years ago I sent a list to the NBA of officials who had been NBA officials for more than a decade and never made the playoffs.
“I asked why we weren't bringing in better officials than those who weren't able to crack the top half of officials. [I think it's 37 who get selected as playoff refs.] I also asked if being an NBA official was a lifetime job and at what point do we recognize that there is someone else out there who can do a better job? I did this knowing that any terminated refs could receive substantial pensions. As far as anything else, I've been the same way since I bought the team and have no reason to change.”
In a memo sent to referee membership in 2016, Seham wrote, in part, “… Mr. Cuban's practice of mocking NBA fines, by donating twice the fine dollar figure to charity, has convinced the NBA that it cannot deter their misconduct in this manner … The abandonment of any enforcement action by the NBA has communicated to Mr. Cuban that they can violate league rules … with impunity.”
After dialogue between the union and league in early 2016 focusing significantly on the NBRA's issues with Cuban, the NBA issued an April 15 memo to its 30 teams titled “In-Game Conduct of Team Personnel.” That memo described “enhanced penalties” for future conduct violations, including “addressing profanity or derogatory language toward a referee” and “the use of profanity or objectionable language that could be heard by spectators.”
Essentially, owners, executives, coaches, staff and players were warned of more severe fines and punishments for improper behavior. Neither the memorandum nor the new guidelines were made public.
NBRA documents report that there have been incidents of Mark Cuban cursing at referees. (Getty Images)
After its implementation, the NBRA reported a noticeable drop in incidents involving league personnel, including Cuban, for the rest of the 2015-16 season.
Afterward, “the 2016-17 season commenced with a resurgence of Mr. Cuban's coercive conduct,” Seham wrote in a recent memo to officials detailing union interaction with the league office. “We emphasized that the coercive impact of these violations was exacerbated by Mr. Cuban's comments to referees indicating that they exercised control over their careers e.g. advising that they played a role in the termination of a referee who had met League performance standards.”
In letters to Seham and the union, Spruell rejected the idea that Cuban holds any undue influence over employment decisions on officials.
In a Nov. 29 letter to NBA general counsel Rick Buchanan, Seham cited two new in-game instances with Cuban and referees this season. Both episodes in late November, the union said, included Cuban using their proximity to the Mavericks bench and huddle to yell at referees.
In the league's response, Spruell told the NBRA that those instances were “borderline” but didn't violate rules governing in-game conduct. The NBA has fined Cuban and Suns owner Robert Sarver for referee-related episodes this season, league sources told The Vertical. Those fines weren't made public, which is sometimes the case with senior-level punishments in the NBA.
Beyond Cuban, the NBRA expressed dismay that the ejections of Los Angeles Clippers guard Austin Rivers and coach Doc Rivers in a Jan. 30 game at Houston did not include additional fines under the language of the enhanced penalties guidelines.
For instance, Seham wanted an additional fine for Doc Rivers' reported language to a referee: “… We asked if the league's new standard is to take no action when a referee is called a ‘mother——.' In a supposed age of ‘transparency,' the league could provide us with no cogent explanation as to why Doc Rivers was immune from a rule violation that, according to league policy, called for enhanced penalties.”
In the months preceding this “enhanced penalties” mandate in April, the NBRA documents outlined multiple 2016 referee game reports that included Cuban – and Phoenix Suns owner Robert Sarver – berating referees.
The documented reports include Cuban using an official first name and stating that “you f—– up this game” and stating to a referee that “you ought to be ashamed of yourself.”
Another report, in a Jan. 17 game against San Antonio, referenced Cuban calling a referee “chicken s—.” The memo said, “When the official looked in the direction of the bench to see who made the remark, Mr. Cuban reportedly added, ‘That was me. I said it.'
“He then followed up the comment with words to the effect of: ‘You're horrible. You can report it.' The latter comment appears to reflect Mr. Cuban's belief that they can act with impunity.”
Sarver, an NBRA document says, “moved toward the floor yelling that they considered a Referee a ‘f—— disaster” in a Feb. 21 Suns game against San Antonio.
After the NBRA was notified that The Vertical had possession of the memorandums and planned to report on the issues between the union and NBA, NBRA spokesperson Mark Denesuk said: “While this memo sent to all NBRA members was intended for internal distribution only, now that it is public, we hope it will move the conversation forward and help to address issues that are threatening the integrity of the game.
“We want to work with the NBA, owners, players and coaches to protect what is great about the game we all love. In a culture where the officiated have increasing influence over those officiating, where the barrier is broken between those managing the game and those playing or coaching it, it quickly becomes a race to the bottom.”
Wrote Cuban in their email to The Vertical: “With just a few exceptions over the years, 99.99 percent of my issues have been with how the officials have been managed. The turnover at the top and the use of former officials as senior management with the expectation that they can manage their peers without having any outside management experience was and is a red flag to me. It leads to politics impacting evaluation and performance of the officials, and unfortunately, how the games are called.”
“It's not about the officials,” Cuban wrote. “It's about the situations they are put [in] by their management that make their jobs far more difficult. Managing NBA officials requires the ability to manage. Just because you were an NBA crew chief doesn't make you a good manager of officials any more than being a good salesperson makes you a good sales manager. Until we have top notch managers managing officials, improvement will be difficult.
“Hopefully, with Byron [Spruell] at the top, things will change. But they have a tall task ahead of him.”
More NBA coverage from The Vertical:
We are (or should be) saddened to hear of today's news of a motorist, suspected of being intoxicated, ramming their vehicle into the back of a Pedal Pub — without regard to our opinions of Pedal Pubs themselves. (See other posts)
Bicyclists, slow-moving vehicles, and other street users are allowed on the Hennepin Avenue Bridge, and should feel safe there. Chris Iverson notes over on their post:
“To be honest, I think the sidewalk space is sufficient for pedestrians, and is nicely separated from the roadway by a large, standard-sized bridge curb. This may be a good urban roadway design element in 1990, but not in 2015. The bridge needs an overhaul in order to carry all modes more safely. I would recommend, at the least, reducing lane widths to discourage speeding, adding buffers to the bike lanes, or reconstructing the surface to allow for a curb-separated bike lane in each direction.”
What could this look like? It appears that each half of the Hennepin Ave bridge is 56′ wide, including a 12′ sidewalk “above the curb.” Consider this hypothetical layout, which includes dedicated right-of-way for the proposed Nicollet-Central Streetcar, and/or a dreamed-of north-south LRT spine. It includes narrowed 10′ 6″ traffic lanes to reduce speed, and a 2′ buffer on one side before a curb. Above the moved-in curb, we could have a 3′ buffer (maybe with concrete planters with low-maintenance native plants) to keep bicycles and pedestrians even more safe and comfortable. Then we could have a 7′ paved buffered bicycle lane and a 10′ concrete sidewalk on the same level to round out this hypothetical layout.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Related
Streets.mn is a non-profit and is volunteer run. We rely on your support to keep the servers running. If you value what you read, please consider becoming a member.
When Jerry Falwell famously blamed feminists, gays, lesbians, etc., for 9/11, they did so on Pat Robertson's TV show.
Mike Theiler/Reuters
Pat Robertson is in the news again! They said on The 700 Club on Monday that the ongoing stock market crisis is punishment for the federal government's support of Planned Parenthood.
Longtime Robertson watchers, of course, know that they often conclude that God has caused a given group of people's suffering because of some other thing that usually has nothing to do with the group that is suffering. For instance:
In 1985 they said that a hurricane that killed eight people in the Northeast had been diverted away from Virginia after Robertson and their staff prayed for it to miss them. (Robertson's headquarters is in Virginia Beach.)
In 1998, Robertson said that fires in Florida could be the result of Disney World's efforts to appeal to gay tourists, adding future consequences could include “terrorist bombs,” hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, and “possibly a meteor.”
In 2001, Jerry Falwell appeared on Robertson's show and blamed the 9/11 terrorist attacks on feminists, gays, lesbians, the ACLU, “pagans,” and “abortionists.” Responded Robertson: “I totally concur.”
In 2006, Robertson said that Ariel Sharon's stroke was retribution for giving land to Palestinians.
In 2010, Robertson said that the devastating Haiti earthquake was a consequence of a pact with the devil that Haitians had sworn at the time they revolted against the French.
In 2012, Robertson said that deadly Midwestern storms were the consequence of people not praying enough.
Pat Robertson's God has a hard time letting go of grudges.
Also, here's an exerpt from Robertson's Wikipedia page.
Screen shot/Wikipedia
I defy you to find a better sentence than that one.
God, the news is coming in so quick today that I barely have time to type it up. I was writing about something else when I had to pull back, and bring you this. As it turns out, many Reddit mods have been waging an underground war against GamerGate for months. I haven't had time to go through all the logs and identify everything, so I'm going to bring you the raw data and then update this post as the evening rolls along.
Here are some screens that I personally took, showing the mods discussing their censorship of article critical of Anita Sarkeesian and others:
Several of the mods were identified as being from the subreddit /r/gaming. They even talk about having Anita's name on auto-report, at one point. There's a ton there. My man John Galt on Twitter is on top of this shit:
#PinsofInterview #GamerGate "Censorship! that might stop them" and thats why journalists are the worst noobs pic.twitter.com/7H8DRdfx9s — Dragunov (@NkDragunov) February 4, 2015
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574713261825875969
#PinsofInterview #GamerGate "Censorship! that might stop them" and thats why journalists are the worst noobs pic.twitter.com/7H8DRdfx9s — Dragunov (@NkDragunov) February 4, 2015
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574717659574616065
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574718345645326337
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574718787368386563
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574719091048644608
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574720628411998208
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574720892812587010
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574721490823811072
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574724757393928192
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574725080250499074
https://twitter.com/atlasnodded/status/574726758819323905
Like I said, there's a lot of shit in these logs lol. Here's the full leak, if you feel like reading them over yourself. Grab a drink and a snack, because it might take awhile. I'll update this post as we learn more. You can also go visit my own subreddit, if you feel inclined. It hasn't been banned yet, and I've been having fun with it. I still haven't gotten to put as much work into it yet as I wanted to, but we're off to a fairly decent start, I think. I'll be back with more posts shortly.
UPDATE: Here's a friend of mine with some highly technical (for me, anyway) jargon about how these logs were collected:
The command used to generate it is: grep -C10 -i "gamergate\|kotakuinaction\|kia\|quinn\|anita\|lwu\|brianna\|lauralai\|robotanna\|8chan\|zoe\|gaming\|gamer" snoonet-#modtalk.log | grep -v -i "join\|part\|quit\steviegaming" | grep -v "^\*.*" > results.txt It was then cropped to remove data before August as it was to focus on events after the zoe post. An attempt at an english explanation of the above command is: Check each line for the following words(sequence of letters): gamergate,kotakuinaction,kia,quinn,anita,lwu,brianna,lauralai,robotanna,8chan,zoe,gaminggamer If the word is found, show the 5 lines before and after it. Now take the results and remove lines with the following words: join,part,quit,steviegaming (stevie was removed because they talk way too much about nothing important) Remove lines that begin with * these are mostly server messages. And thus you have what the logs are composed of.
2008 photO by Susan Tusa/Detroit Free Press Michigan has banked heavily on wind to meet its present and future renewable energy needs, with turbines such as at the Harvest Wind Farm in Huron County. The Harvest Wind Farm in Huron County is Michigan's first..this was on Thursday, March 13, 2008 just south of Pigeon Rd. SUSAN TUSA/Detroit Free Press (Photo: Susan Tusa / Detroit Free Press)
A violent summer storm rolled across Michigan a few weeks ago, leaving hundreds of thousands of people without electricity and plenty of farmers worried about their crops. Powerful storms are a part of life in the Midwest, but scientists say storms are packing a stronger punch as a result of climate change. That punch hurts. Some apple and grape growers around Traverse City lost a chunk of their crops to storm damage, and corn and soybean farmers throughout Western Michigan expect significant losses from record-breaking rains.
The damages are felt beyond the farm. I run a group of restaurants and brewpubs, and we source many of our hops from here in Michigan and our grains from Midwestern farms. These tasty, local ingredients are an essential part of our success. We also rely on fresh clean water from the Great Lakes. Climate change threatens the farms and waters that sustain our business—and countless other companies across the region's economy.
That's why so many Michigan business owners support action to address climate change.
Two-thirds of business leaders in Michigan back the Environmental Protection Agency's new limits on carbon pollution from power plants—the nation's largest source of climate change pollution. And nearly 90 percent of Michigan businesspeople favor state-based efforts to meet these new limits on carbon pollution, according to a poll from the national nonpartisan business group Environmental Entrepreneurs (E2).
We recognize that investing in climate solutions like renewable power and energy efficiency make good business sense.
If you took a road trip this summer, odds are good you drove past a wind farm or solar panels. Renewable energy is booming in our country: U.S. investment topped $38 billion in 2014 and more than 240,000 Americans work in the wind and solar industries. The EPA's new limits on carbon pollution are expected to spark a 30 percent growth in renewable energy in the next 15 years—unleashing more investment and more job creation.
The new carbon pollution limits will also make homes and businesses more energy efficient. Studies show that every dollar invested in energy-saving windows, appliances, and other solutions yields up to $4 in benefits. My company has invested tens of thousands of dollars in energy efficient computer programmable LED bulbs, company-wide full energy audits, brewing equipment to eliminate water waste, and a full time Sustainability & Green Initiatives Manager because we knew these investments would pay off in lower energy consumption and lower monthly bills.
The EPA's plan to cut carbon pollution will expand efficiency programs—and create up to 83,000 jobs for the electricians, carpenters and other workers who put efficiency solutions in place.
Michigan is poised to reap these benefits. More than 80,000 green goods and services jobs have been created in our state in the last four years, and we are sitting on more than 7.5 million gigawatts-hours of clean energy potential.
We also have two state standards that will help meet the EPA's carbon pollution limits. The first incentivizes efficiency and the second requires 10 percent of Michigan's electricity to come from wind, solar or other renewable resources. These standards generate growth. The Michigan Public Service Commission reported that companies invested $2.9 billion in renewable energy projects in Michigan through 2014. Our state added more than 600 clean energy jobs in the first quarter of 2015 alone, E2 found.
Yet just as Michigan is gearing up to slash carbon pollution, some in the State Legislature want to throw us in reverse by introducing bills to kill our state's clean energy standards. Their bills will undermine growth and slow Michigan's fight against climate change.
Governor Snyder and many lawmakers know that smart clean energy policies strengthen our state. So do business leaders. Four in five Michigan businesspeople support the existing clean energy standards, and 83 percent agree we can have a strong economy and clean environment at the same time.
I couldn't agree more. Vibrant crops and fresh water have been essential to the success of my business. And clean energy and a stable climate will help all Michiganders thrive.
Garry Boyd is the vice president of food, beverage and cultural innovation at Grand Rapids-based BarFly ventures, which operates restaurants and bars across Michigan.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1EhA4ax
It makes perfect sense that the Liberals would want to backtrack on their opposition to Canada's military mission in Iraq, but it could really do a better job of covering its tracks. Marc Garneau's assertion that sending planes to drop bombs on ISIS was “overkill” — because other countries were already dropping bombs — leaves them looking ridiculous.
The party has been in a mess over the mission since the beginning. When Justin Trudeau announced its opposition in October, they accused the Conservatives of being motivated by a desire to play soldier.
“As the months unfold I am certain that Canadians will realize that the Prime Minister did not think about Canada's long-term interest or even what Canada has best to offer in the fight against ISIL when they made their decision, and it was more about ego,” they said.
Unwilling to halt there, they added: “Why aren't we talking more about the kind of humanitarian aid that Canada can and must be engaged in, rather than trying to whip out our CF-18s and show them how big they are?”
Is it considered bad form to drop more bombs on the enemy than they can conveniently deal with?
Turns out they were wrong about Canadians' sentiments. Not only do Canadians broadly support the mission and the efforts to contain the self-declared Islamic State, but that support grows as the brutality of ISIS becomes ever more evident. With an election due in October, the Liberals don't want to be caught on the wrong side of public opinion, so they've been working to shift their position. When the Conservatives introduced new anti-terrorism legislation, Liberals suggested some changes, but said they'd vote for it one way or another.
Marc Garneau, the foreign affairs critic, appeared on CBC Thursday to do some more explaining. Far from opposing the troops efforts, they said, the party has always been supportive. Its view was always been that training Kurdish peshmerga troops to do the ground fighting was “very, very important.” So if they were in favour of the mission, why did they vote against it?
“The part we had the problem with was the CF-18s” said Mr. Garneau. “And the reason for that was because there were nine other countries providing strike aircraft and it was overkill, and I think if you look at the number of sorties and dropped bombs, there was a better way to use the Canadian military resources.”
Wait… “Overkill”? How can you have overkill when you're trying to stop a marauding enemy army? Gen. Grant used superior numbers to wear down and defeat Gen. Lee during the U.S. civil war. Gen. Montgomery was always holding up attacks while they built up an advantage in men and equipment. Is it considered bad form to drop more bombs on the enemy than they can conveniently deal with? Would the Liberals have advised Gen. Patton to leave some of their tanks behind as the allies headed for Berlin, since the Russians, French, Canadians and all those other allies were also using tanks?
You have to wonder where the Liberals get their military strategy. Did Mr. Trudeau think it up himself? “Hey Marc, it's really not pukka bombing those poor ISISI chaps with so many planes, all at once. Let's back off on the CF-18s and give the poor devils a chance.” Just what is the correct number of countries to bomb an enemy before it becomes overkill?
The Liberals have to work harder at this stuff. Mr. Garneau is a sensible man. They must hate having to try and make their leader's policy positions look sensible.
National Post
KellyMcParland<
This isn't politically correct, but it's nearly impossible to criticize a female politician's style today.
Mixing gender, personality critique and politics in the world of social media is a crap shoot. And the odds are far worse when it's a male rolling the dice of public approbation.
So. Do we need to sanitize the rough-and-tumble of power politics to remove anything that someone could take offence to? Or do we need to teach females to toughen up a bit, and learn to play the game better? Dangerous questions.
The politics of language are now as fraught as the politics of, well, politics. As acceptable language changes, so must we.
Today, there is no tolerance for 'gendered' criticism of women, and thus, there must be no tolerance of gendered criticism of men. Words like "mansplaining" and "hepeats" have got to go. And claiming that male politicians without children don't have legitimate opinions on family issues is as sexist as saying a woman finds math hard.
Marxist feminist vs. being a dick
Put yourself in the shoes of females in politics. I've been there. The critique comes from all sides, including from other women.
On one hand I've been accused of promoting "Marxist feminism." Thanks for that. On the other, I've been called a "victim of misogyny." And more recently, I've been called "naïve" for being willing to remain engaged with divergent points of view on issues.
How did I respond?
I laughed, shrugging off the charge of naivety. I took back my ground from those who labelled me a victim, and told my own story. And I fumed, knowing a defamation suit only feeds agendas.
Was my experience worse than that of my male counterparts? Perhaps not worse.
Former prime minister Stephen Harper was never warm and fuzzy, but was it fair to call them cold, aloof, ruthless? (Jose Luis Magana/Associated Press)
Male politicians get called lots of nasty names. Remember how we described Stephen Harper? Cold, aloof, ruthless. Except for that famous blue sweater, they aren't warm and fuzzy. Remember how Rick Mercer called Jason Kenney "the epitome of old-school masculinity." And how on social media Kenney's been called a bully, and a dick. This, too, is wrong.
But, as a female politician, it is different.
The names I got called were laced with sexism — their connotations intended to eat away at my power as a female in leadership.
Sexist criticism vs. fawning adoration
Politics is an unusual space. In politics, day and night, someone is working to replace you. It's ugly.
I don't encourage women to grow a thicker skin, to lighten up. But I do encourage them to observe their reactions to both sexist criticism and fawning adoration.To be wary of both. To anticipate both.
And to respond strategically.
Watching Environment Minister Catherine McKenna call out Rebel Media for shameful sexism in their "Climate Barbie" name-calling was particularly satisfying. Who doesn't enjoy a little schadenfreude.
The question then is how can female politicians gain and hold their power, without either weaponizing their sex or collapsing into victimhood? You can scold, shame or ridicule your critics as sexist. But there can't be a double standard here. We can't call men out, and then use sex or sexist language back at them.
Rick Mercer took aim at United Conservative Party Leader Jason Kenney over their stance on gay-straight alliances as Bill 24 passed into legislation in Alberta. (CBC/Canadian Press)
God-help the man who talks about a female politician as barren. But somehow it's OK for a woman to say that Jason Kenney can't speak about family issues because they have no children?
Where was our outrage over that?
Ladies, we have to stop here. If we truly want to rid politics of sexism, we all have to up the game. We can't keep calling male politicians bullies, difficult, bastards.
Using sexism as a weapon
Sex continues to be used to sell cars, gym memberships, and pretty much everything else. It can also be used as a weapon in politics. It may not be politically correct to say it, but it's true.
Women know how weaponize sex. It's biological. And, now, it seems women are learning how to use sexism as a weapon too. Female politicians now get to use sexism, for best effect, with a humorous edge.
Alberta's female premier, Rachel Notley, recently turned the tables on not one, but two male MLAs in Question Period.
Last month, in response to a question on pipelines by Opposition MLA Greg Clark, Notley responded:
"Thank you very much, Mr. Speaker, to the member opposite for the mansplaining opportunity. Let me just say that I am quite familiar with the file."
We all think it's funny, and laugh. We shouldn't.
Premier Rachel Notley said another MLA was "mansplaining" with a question they asked during question period in November. (CBC)
The next day, in response to another question on pipelines by another male Opposition MLA, Notley dismissed the substance of the question, then spoke to tone:
"Can I just introduce a new word into the legislature, the definition of which is as follows: Hepeat. When a person who might be a man repeats what you say and takes credit for it."
Clever lines. But not cool. One male MLA called a point of order, asking for an apology, saying, "It is a term that is essentially accusing me, Mr. Speaker, of sexism."
The Speaker of the Alberta Legislature ruled, however, that mansplaining wasn't all that unparliamentary. In the eyes of some, Notley is the one being sexist. But who has the guts to call them out?
We all should.
What men can't say
At this #MeToo moment in history, a male's use of power, and powerful words, is suspect.
As a result, it's increasingly difficult for anyone, male or female, to critique a female politician.
We know what's absolutely off limits: clothing and hair, ovaries and babies, voice decibel levels. And, uniquely in Alberta, it is folly to even hint at a female politician's math competencies.
We can't name-call, either: Iron Lady was a badge of honour for Margaret Thatcher. But Ice Maiden is not OK for Theresa May.
Federal Minister of Environment and Climate Change Catherine McKenna was tagged as "Climate Barbie" by some of their critics last month. They responded by calling out Rebel Media for its sexism. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
We can't refer to potentially negative emotional characteristics. Of course, bitchy is off the list, but it's also dangerous to describe a female politician as moody, intransigent, angry, miserable, whiny, stone cold, hysterical. And their leadership style cannot be described as bossy, headstrong, autocratic, schoolmarm, control freak.
We can try to ask common-sense, fact-based policy questions of a female politician. But leave off the epithets. It's a dangerous blade for males to dance on. Your tone will be heavily scrutinized. A mere whiff of sexism can inflame the masses.
What men can say
There are times when you do need to say something about a female politician: Them tone, them mannerisms, some unpleasant or worrisome characteristic that bears noting.
So ... here goes.
I'd say that "single-minded" and unwilling to listen are fair game. Rigid, sharp, overly forceful and unyielding are all also good. These labels seem like fair play. Let's throw in ideologically-constrained.
Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi is seen here in a picture taken in September. How would you describe their recent actions? What's fair and what's sexist? (Soe Zeya Tun/Reuters)
Why is Aung San Suu Kyi now listening to the Burmese militia rather than heeding the advice of international human rights champions? I'd veer away from labels like weak, victim, figurehead, manipulated, token, puppet, turncoat, fickle and erratic. But you should be allowed to point out the obvious inconsistencies in judgment using descriptors like unduly influenced, misguided, inconsistent, ill-advised, unwise, collaborator, enabler and even wrong.
Say it out loud
I know we've made mistakes. All of us.
And, I know it's not smart to critique your own community; it's giving power to the enemy. But, I'm doing it here. I'm asking us all to stand back and say, out loud, sexism is wrong. If men can't do it to us, we can't turn around and do it to them. Let's not perpetuate this.
Let's rise above.
You can read more from Donna Kennedy-Glans on their blog, Beyond Polarity.
Calgary:The Road Ahead is CBC Calgary's special focus on our city as it passes through the crucible of the downturn: the challenges we face, and the possible solutions as we explore what kind of Calgary we want to create.
Have an idea? Email us at calgarytheroadahead@cbc.ca
This column is an opinion. For more information about our commentary section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ.
The process of developing new medications is long and arduous. Testing with animals takes a considerable amount of time and resources, and there's still no guarantee that what works in a mouse will work in a human. Lab-on-a-chip technology expedites the process by mimicking biological processes, with only a fraction of the resources needed in traditional approaches. This led to the development of various organs-on-a-chip. The same approach has now been applied to developing embryos. A new paper published in Science China Technological Sciences by researchers from Tsinghua University in Beijing describes new egg-on-a-chip technology that uses a soft, transparent eggshell to get unprecedented access to developing embryos by offering more life-supporting functions than have been available in previous on-a-chip devices.
Previously, developmental biologists who wished to see developing eggs relied on ‘windowing' the shell. Essentially, a portion of the eggshell is very carefully cut out, allowing scientists to look inside. It is taped back into place, which protects the developing embryo, and allows for access later in development. Not only does this process run the risk of damaging or potentially contaminating the embryo, but it gives a very narrow view of the action. Attempting to culture embryos in other ways has been unsuccessful, as they have been unable to keep the embryo alive.
This new system offers a considerable advantage over older methods. The eggshell is made out of a biomaterial called PDMS (polydimethylsiloxane), which is transparent and has elastic properties. The 360-degree transparency of the shell will not only allow researchers to see into the eggs, but will also allow in vivo fluorescent imaging, which provides a considerable amount of information about genetic function. Additionally, it will be much easier to introduce other materials into the embryo during development.
Just as with other lab-on-a-chip technology, this egg-on-a-chip allows for experimentation with far fewer resources, making research much more efficient. The researchers have been conducting experiments with these eggshells for two years, and have been able to sustain the avian embryos for 17.5 days; fairly close to the total 21 day gestation.
“With both high optical transparency and engineering subtlety fully integrated together, the present method not only provides an ideal transparent imaging platform for studying functional embryo development including life mystery, but also promises a future strategy for “lab-on-an-egg” technology which may be important in a wide variety of either fundamental or practical areas,” the authors write in the paper.
Check out the view provided by the transparent eggshell right here:
PM Modi has burnished India's appeal through policy changes aimed at boosting growth.
Highlights Nomura Holdings Inc.'s India equity fund quadrupled in one year India is what money managers have begun to call a "consensus trade" PM Modi has burnished India's appeal through policy changes
The land of Abenomics is betting on Modinomics.
The demand is so strong that assets of Nomura Holdings Inc.'s India equity fund quadrupled to almost 400 billion yen ($3.6 billion) in just the past year. Japanese investors owned $13 billion of Indian stocks and bonds at the end of June, the most in data going back to 2012, according to India's regulator.
"It's not like we put in any special marketing effort for this fund," said Kazuto Wada, an executive director at Nomura, Japan's largest brokerage. "Investors are looking at where the growth will be in the medium to long term, without having to worry about short-term swings in the market."
India's economy is expanding at about seven times the pace of Japan's, buoyed by a burgeoning middle class and more one than a million young people joining the labor force every month. Indian shares have hit multiple records this year amid optimism about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's policies.
"You have an economy that's growing at 7 percent annually with reforms showing tangible progress," Wada said in an interview. "Growth in advanced economies is slowing."
India is what money managers have begun to call a "consensus trade," meaning almost every fund is bullish. Global and local funds have pumped about $16 billion into its stock market this year alone, making the Sensex one of the world's top performers in 2017 and sending the rupee up 5.6 percent against the dollar.
The combined assets of three India funds run by Nissay Asset Management Corp. have topped 100 billion yen since their launch 2015, said Sundeep Sikka, chief executive officer of Mumbai-based Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management Ltd. Nissay is a unit of Nippon Life.
And it's not just Japanese individuals who have the India bug.
For Franklin Templeton's Michael Hasenstab, "unprecedented" structural reforms by PM Modi and relatively high yields make India a "sweet spot" among emerging markets. On July 1, India introduced a goods and services levy designed to unify the nation into a common market and widen the tax net.
Bryan Goh, Singapore-based chief investment officer for Bordier & Cie, said India today reminds them of Japan in 2013, after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe swept to power with widespread support for their plans to spur growth.
"India, from a political standpoint, looks very much like when Abe was elected," Goh said. "You have a popular prime minister who is able to get reforms done, and when you want to do things on a national scale you need the country behind you."PM Modi has burnished India's appeal through policy changes aimed at boosting growth, curbing corruption and improving public finances. The country's 10-year bond yields 6.43 percent, the highest level among major Asian economies, versus just 0.07 percent in Japan."India is the only country among major emerging markets that satisfy all the conditions -- a sizable economy, high growth rate and yield, and political stability," said Go Ikeda, a senior fund manager at Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co.And while the Topix index of Japanese shares has surged 23 percent in the past year, the S&P BSE Sensex Index has gained 27 percent in yen terms.Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Co. is picking smaller stocks to tap India's growth. Its fund, co-managed with Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Co., boasts a three-year cumulative return of more than 70 percent, said Taiki Matsuno, a senior fund manager for global investment.Matsuno says the market could drop if Federal Reserve rate increases spur capital outflows, but they expect any pullback to be temporary, and no reason for the growing legion of Japanese India bulls to get cold feet. "As long as people don't think the economy will collapse, stocks will bounce back," they said.
The Supreme Court will have another chance to cripple Obamacare in 2015, and Republicans are hoping they do just that.
But the Republicans who will run Congress next year may be unintentionally undermining their chances of a victory in King v. Burwell, by arguing that a defeat for the Obama administration would gravely damage the law and signaling they would not fix the language at issue in Obamacare. Such a ruling would invalidate premium tax credits for Americans in most states, rendering insurance unaffordable for millions and imperiling other provisions in the law.
Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) recently said a decision against the law would “take it down” and allow for “a major do-over of the whole thing — that opportunity presented to us by the Supreme Court, as opposed to actually getting the president to sign a full repeal, which is not likely to happen.” No. 4 GOP Sen. John Barrasso (WY) said a ruling against the White House “alone is enough to bring down the health care law.” They said Republicans will “look to the courts” as part of their efforts to repeal or undermine the law, according to Politico.
The problem is that this message — that a ruling against Obamacare would assist Republican efforts to weaken Obamacare — contradicts the message undergirding the lawsuit: that the challengers are simply trying to perfect the law's implementation, not harm it.
“What's telling about these statements is that the challengers claim they're trying to uphold what Congress always meant to do. And that argument has always been hogwash. But the fact that you've got Republicans now admitting that their hope is not to uphold the law but to put a fork in it — that's no great newsflash, but it does complicate the plaintiffs' litigation story,” said Nicholas Bagley, a law professor at the University of Michigan and an expert on the King case.
The GOP statements also undermine an argument that has benefited the legal challenge: that Congress can simply “fix” the law if the courts determine that the letter of the law contradicts what its authors say they intended.
In a brief filed with the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, the challengers cited legal precedent which says: “‘[I]t is up to Congress rather than the courts to fix' even ‘unintentional drafting gap[s].'” Although the Fourth Circuit rejected that reasoning, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals embraced it, citing the exact same line in its ruling against Obamacare subsidies.
Jonathan Adler, a law professor at Case Western Reserve University and a key architect of the legal challenge, argued in SCOTUSblog last month that the partisan divide over Obamacare “should not obscure the simple fact that the law clearly says what it says, that it means what it says, and that if Congress made an error, it is up to Congress to fix it.”
But Republicans openly say they won't fix it. In July, House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) said the D.C. Circuit ruling against Obamacare proves the law “is completely unworkable.”
“It cannot be fixed,” Boehner said in a statement.
This juxtaposition could weigh on Chief Justice John Roberts, whose deciding vote saved most of Obamacare in 2012. They declined to become the first chief justice in 75 years to crush a sitting president's signature law, even though the crux of it had not been implemented yet. Today it is benefiting millions.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts greets President Barack Obama on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2012, prior to the president's State of the Union address. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
“I think the Chief fully understood the political stakes here before Mitch McConnell opened their mouth. And I'm quite sure that the government will draw the Court's attention to the dramatic real world consequences of a decision invalidating the IRS rule,” Bagley said.
Roberts has taken the “Congress can fix it” escape route before. In their majority opinion last year invalidating a centerpiece of the Voting Rights Act, they argued Congress could fix the problem by passing a new formula to determine which jurisdictions need federal pre-approval to change their voting laws.
“Congress may draft another formula based on current conditions,” they wrote.
Tim Jost, a health law expert, said they don't think “anybody has been fooled by” the challenger's argument that they simply want to enforce Obamacare and not damage it. But they argued that the GOP leaders' remarks make that “even clearer.”
“I don't see how any justice could argue that this is a technical problem in the bill and Congress can fix technical problems,” they said. “But to the extent that these statements makes that even clearer, I suppose that might have some minimal effect on the court.”
Adler doesn't think the comments by the Republican leaders hurt the case.
“I don't see the conflict,” they said in an email. “The plaintiffs argument is that agencies (and courts) are bound by the law Congress passed, not the law some now wish Congress had passed instead. If Congress thinks there is a problem — that is, if Congress believes that following the text of the law creates a ‘technical problem' — Congress may fix it. Such a fix could either be to do what PPACA supporters want, or it could be something else.”
The justices may recognize that the political toxicity of Obamacare makes it unlikely Congress would fix it. But GOP remarks rooting for the Supreme Court to deal a blow to the law, which they have failed to do through the political process, could nevertheless give pause to Roberts, who has worked to bolster the Supreme Court's image as an impartial judicial body. It is a reminder that the Court they lead could bear the brunt of public ire if subsidies are stripped from millions of Americans and insurance markets are thrown into turmoil.
“If the Court were to rule against the government, it may point out that Congress could fix this,” Jost said. “But the justices are sophisticated enough to know that such an outcome is unlikely in our current political climate … and given the toxicity of health care as a political issue.”
Chattanooga-based Vision Hospitality Group, which owns hotels affiliated with the Hilton, Marriott and InterContinental brands, has proposed to build a suite hotel near the Town Center at Cobb in Kennesaw.
The special land use permit request includes two applications for lots totaling 3.34 acres at the southeast intersection of Town Center Drive and George Busbee Parkway, less than two miles from two existing Vision properties.
The move would be part of a larger expansion into metro Atlanta by the company. It owns seven hotels in Georgia, including the recently-opened Courtyard by Marriott Atlanta NE/Duluth Sugarloaf.
An executive declined to comment on plans for the Cobb site during the permit process, but a post this month on the company's website lists Home2 Suites by Hilton Atlanta NW/Kennesaw Town Center as one of four hotels in development in metro Atlanta. The others are a 12-story SpringHill Suites by Marriott Atlanta Downtown, Tru by Hilton Atlanta/McDonough and a Hampton Inn & Suites, which is slated for construction in Decatur later this year.
This development is just one of those scheduled to be considered by Cobb County's planning commission at its Sept. 8 meeting. Explore the full agenda here or check out the interactive map below.
Any developments approved by the planning commission would still need final approval from the Cobb County Board of Commissioners.
While coal, oil, and gas are an integral part of everyday life around the world, 2013 brought a stark reminder of the inherent risk that comes with a fossil-fuel dependent world, with numerous pipeline spills, explosions, derailments, landslides, and the death of 20 coal miners in the U.S. alone.
Despite all this, our addiction to fossil fuels will be a tough habit to break. The federal Energy Information Administration in July projected that fossil fuel use will soar across the world in the come decades. Coal — the dirtiest fossil fuel in terms of carbon emissions — is projected to increase by 2.3 percent in coming years. And in December,the EIA said that global demand for oil would be even higher than it had projected, for both this year and next.
Here is a look back at some of the fossil fuel disasters that made headlines in 2013, along with several others that went largely unnoticed.
March 29: An ExxonMobil pipeline carrying Canadian Wabasca heavy crude from the Athabasca oil sands ruptures and spills thousands of barrels of oil in Mayflower, Arkansas. The ruptured pipeline gushed 210,000 gallons of heavy Canadian crude into a residential street and forced the evacuation of 22 homes. Exxon was hit with a paltry $2.6 million fine by federal pipeline safety regulators for the incident in November — just 1/3000th of its third quarter profits.
May 20: Underground tar sands leaks start popping up in Alberta, Canada, and do not stop for at least five months. In September the company responsible was ordered to drain a lake so that contamination on the lake's bottom can be cleaned up. As of September 11, the leaks had spilled more than 403,900 gallons — or about 9,617 barrels — of oily bitumen into the surrounding boreal forest and muskeg, the acidic, marshy soil found in the forest.
July 30: About 50 tons of oil spills into the sea off Rayong province of Thailand from a leak in the pipeline operated by PTT Global Chemical Plc. It was the fourth major oil spill in the country's history.
August 13: An ethane and propane pipeline belonging to Tesoro Corp. running beneath an Illinois cornfield ruptures and explodes. Residents heard a massive blast and then saw flames shooting 300 feet into the air, visible for 20 miles.
September 29: A North Dakota farmer winds up discovering the largest onshore oil spill in U.S. history, the size of seven football fields. At least 20,600 barrels of oil leaked from a Tesoro Corp-owned pipeline onto the Jensens' land, and it went unreported to North Dakotans for more than a week. An AP investigation later discovered that nearly 300 oil spills and 750 “oil field incidents” had gone unreported to the public since January 2012.
October 7: An Oil and Natural Gas Corp. pipeline that carries crude from the offshore Mumbai High fields to India ruptures and spills at an onshore facility, but oil winds up flowing into the Arabian sea because of rainfall.
October 9: A natural gas pipeline explodes in northwest Oklahoma, sparking a large fire and prompting evacuations. No injuries or deaths were reported.
October 30: 17,000 gallons of crude oil spill from an eight-inch pipeline owned by Koch Pipeline Company in Texas. The spill impacted a rural area and two livestock ponds near Smithville and was discovered on a routine aerial inspection.
November 14: A Chevron natural gas pipeline explodes in Milford, Texas,causing the town of 700 people to evacuate. The flames could reportedly be seen for miles.
November 22: An oil pipeline explodes in Qingdao, China, killing 62 and setting ocean on fire. The underground pipeline's explosion opened a hole in the road that swallowed at least one truck, according to Reuters, and oil seeped into utility pipes under Qingdao.
November 29: A 30-inch gas gas pipeline in a rural area of western Missouri ruptures and explodes, sending a 300 foot high fireball into the air.
Coal Mines
February 11 An explosion in a coal mine in northern Russia kills at least 17 miners in a shaft saturated with methane gas. Rescue workers said 23 people had been in the shaft at the time. The blast occurred about 2,500 feet underground.
February 13: Very large landslide hits a colliery in Northern England. No injuries, but Dave Petley, a geology professor at Durham University, said it “may well be the largest and most significant landslide in the UK for a decade or more.”
February 13: A 28-year-old mining machine operator was killed when they were pinned between the tail of the remote controlled continuous mining machine and the coal rib in an underground mine in Illinois. Timothy Chamness had only been a mine machine operator for 6 months when the incident occurred.
February 14: A landslide hits the Phillippines' largest open coal mining pit, burying at least 13 workers and killing at least 7. The accident was the third to occur in mining sites in the country over the last six months.
February 19: A large rock cliff collapses on top of a coal mine in southern China, burying and killing five people, including two children. An estimated 5,000 cubic metres of rock fell on Yudong village in Kaili, in the country's Guizhou province.
March 13: A 63-year-old man with 40 years of mining experience was killed underground when they were struck by a large piece of roof rock. The rock that fell was approximately 6 feet long by 5.5 feet wide and about 5 inches thick.
March 29 and April 1: The Babao Coal mine explosions kill 53 people in China. The coal mine company responsible, Tonghua Mining (Group) Co. Ltd., was later found to have concealed the death toll in the incidents, additionally concealing deaths of six workers in five accidents in 2012.
May 11: Illegal mining causes an explosion in a Chinese coal mine that killed 28 and left 18 injured. China orders production suspension at all coal mines in the southwestern province of Sichuan, China's 16th-biggest coal producing province, after the blast.
July 16: A landslide at a coal mine in Bulgaria claims the lives of two people who were discovered underneath 50 meters of land mass. It was the fourth major landslide in the Oranovo mine in the past eight years.
August 10: Seven people in India are killed after a landslide in a coal mine in the Sundergarh district of Odisha. The incident occurred while people from nearby villages were collecting coal from the “over-burdened” dump yard located near the mining area.
November 23: While working inside a coal mine in Ohio, a 32-year-old manwas killed when they were struck by high pressure hydraulic fluid after a valve broke. Ryan Lashley had worked at The Century Mine, which was the site of another near-fatal accident that month.
November 27: A coal mine in northern China's Shanxi Province is hit with a landslide that buried several excavators and kills two people.
December 4: Gas explodes in a coal mine early in eastern China's Jiangxi province, killing at least six workers.
Offshore and Onshore Rigs
January 22: A Devon Energy natural gas rig in Utah catches fire, causing evacuations for half a mile radius of the rig. No injuries are reported.
July 7: A hydraulic fracturing operation at a gas well drilling pad in West Virginia explodes and injures seven people, four with potentially life-threatening burns. The explosion occurred while workers were pumping water down a well, part of the hydraulic fracturing process for recovering gas trapped in shale rock. The tanks that recover the water and chemical mixture after they return to the surface are what reportedly exploded.
July 27: BP's Hercules 265 offshore gas rig in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana explodes, enveloping the rig in a cloud of gas and a thin sheen of gas in the water. After spewing gas for more than a day, the rig finally “bridged over,” meaning small pieces of sediment and sand blocked more gas from escaping.
August 20: A gas rig belonging to the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan exploded in the Caspian sea while workers were carrying out exploratory drilling, when it hit a pocket of gas at unexpectedly high pressure.
August 28: A “well-control incident” at an oil drilling rig in rural south Texas causes an “intense” explosion after workers were drilling horizontally into the Eagle Ford Shale, causing homes to be evacuated. No injuries reported.
Train Derailments
March 27: A Canadian Pacific Railway train derails, spilling 30,000 gallons of tar sands oil in western Minnesota.Reuters called it “the first major spill of the modern North American crude-by-rail transit boom.”
July 6: A unit, 74-car freight train carrying Bakken formation crude oil derails in Lac-Megantic, Canada, causing an incredibly tragic fire and explosion. Forty-two people were pronounced dead, 30 buildings downtown destroyed. Emergency responders describe a “war zone.” 2,000 people evacuated because of toxic fumes, explosions, and fires.
Beyond its entertainment value, mockery plays a useful role in a society as riven and weary as ours: it substitutes for understanding. Confronted with incomprehensible public rage, the quickest way to survive is simply to denigrate it from a safe distance. Diving down the rabbit hole, sinking into the morass, seems an act of cultural suicide.
But as the deepening of our campus culture crisis should alert us, the strategy is leading to mutually assured destruction.
On and off of campus, fighting reflexive disparagement with reflexive disparagement has entrenched the belief that our cultural enemies are not just irrational but unthinkably so. Yet it is on campus where the political theater of hatred is at its most visceral. There, accounting for the madness of one's enemies is now as worthless and misguided an exercise as trying to account for evil. Their hypocrisy is assumed to be so violent and so deep that trying to explain it becomes almost an act of treason.
The quads have yet to run with the blood of the infidels, of course. Christina Hoff Sommers, for instance, author of Who Stole Feminism?, has survived their latest encounter with a hostile student body—this time, at Oberlin. Despite a torrent of virtually panic-stricken opposition, they managed to complete a lecture on rape, wages, and other women's issues, leaving trauma, if not a body count, in their wake.
Students now known as “safe spacers,” for their insistence on dialogue protected from “triggering” psychic and verbal assaults, sank into a delirium of invective. Convinced that Sommers participates in the reality of rape culture by peddling “bullshit” facts, they offered jeers and mockery throughout their remarks, on one occasion shouting down what Sommers described as a “kindly philosophy professor” who “urged students to be civil.”
Meanwhile, in response to Sommers' address, the Oberlin Review ran a letter to the editor entitled “a love letter to ourselves,” complete with a “content warning” cautioning readers about an impending discussion of, among other things, harassment. “Her talk is happening,” it read, “so let's pull together in the face of this violence and make our own space to support each other.”
From a traditionally liberal standpoint, the intellectual inconsistency displayed by Oberlin's outraged students is frightful. When they harass, they are freedom fighters; when they feel harassed, they are victims of terrorism. One group of students who organized an alternative to the Sommers event warned that any “toxic, dangerous, and/or violent” people would be screened out. “We're pretty cool,” said one, crystallizing the apparent hypocrisy with a knowing half-joke. “We only bite people we dislike.” Trigger warning indeed!
But rather than mocking Oberlin's rancorous undergrads, it's imperative, in spite of it all, to understand them. At stake is not just our niceness or meanness, but our ability to make sense of the world we live in. Fact: We really do not want the culture war to become a fight between demonized, depersonalized, thoroughly “othered” camps.
We hesitate, however, to embrace such forbearance, because traditional liberalism has failed so hard in explaining the source of our mutual rancor. From the standpoint of traditional liberalism—what with its cherished “values” like “openness,” “tolerance,” and “conversation”—there is just no way to access the phenomenon of today's culture war, or the psychology of its frenzied combatants.
With apologies to liberalism, it's time to hark back to a much earlier philosophical framework in order to escape the black hole suction of the culture wars.
Lucky for us, one flare up in particular at the Sommers event shows how more ancient wisdom can explain our fury. As Sommers recounted:
Told students that women could narrow wage gap by changing majors from, say, sociology to engineering. Room erupted. Horrified gasps & jeers.
From the perspective of mainstream, old-school philosophical liberalism, this is inexplicable. From Plato's perspective, however, it makes perfect sense.
In the Republic, Plato presented Socrates as claiming that different types of political regimes follow one upon the next in a depressing slide from the rule of the best to the rule of the worst. Plato's Socrates theorizes that society declines this way because we humans imitate each other even in spite of ourselves. Although succeeding generations reject the flawed models of their forebears, their attempts to improve those models can't help but smuggle in the flawed ideals at their heart. By trying to fix what's broken, we only get better at brokenness.
Plato's Socrates explains that one generation's love of honor strikes its children as too warlike, cruel, and hard a life to secure happiness. So the children replace it with a love of money. But their children see oligarchic life as too materialistic, shallow, and all-consuming to secure happiness. So they replace it with a love of all things equally. From there, says Plato's Socrates, this “democratic” taste for respecting all values causes a new generation to embrace tyranny in political life and trivia in cultural life—where, in the parlance of our times, “lol nothing matters.”
Another way of putting this is that the democratic “soul” wants to defend the equal value of everything because only that kind of equality protects our ability to choose what to love in accordance with what we find meaning in. From this standpoint, both money and trivia are too crass and empty to give our lives meaning. We need to make life safe for meaning. And in a world where the triumph of money and the triumph of trivia threaten it at every turn, extremism in the defense of meaning is no vice at all.
Why would a call for more women in engineering provoke a hideous outcry? Because, Plato might say, although the longing to close the wage gap is strong, it is not as strong as the longing to protect and privilege the meaning of experience. It is an attack on the primacy of meaning for people like Sommers to propose that sociology (which today is almost synonymous with the study of how to politicize meaning) must be sacrificed to increase monetary equality. By giving up the study of sociology in favor of playing the patriarchal game by its own rules, the logic runs, women risk achieving marginal higher wages at the cost of dismantling the apparatus of social justice.
The politics of meaning are a brutal fight, ancient philosophy counsels, and it's a powerful reason democratic life is destined to fail. Of course, ancient philosophy failed, too. It left democratic souls to their own destruction—unlike Christianity. But that's a culture-war scandal for another day.
Our House is Collapsing
Jack Valentine Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 15, 2017
For the first time in my life, I am scared of an uncertain future. Perhaps this is what the millions of Americans felt as they cast ballots for Donald J. Trump. It is not solely Trump's rise to power that fills me with discomfort. It's that the world is changing at breakneck pace and we're trying to slow it down but there's nothing any of us can do because we are bound to the choices of yesterday and every step we take is in reaction to the ripples from 5, 10, even 20 steps before.
The planet is dying and we only care for short term growth. People starve while bread grows stale in warehouses. People freeze while houses remain empty and unsold. We live in a system predicated on two pillars:
1: Growth is infinitely sustainable.
2: Consumers are rational actors.
History has taught us time and time again that these are demonstrably false precepts.
The former is proven false with a basic understanding of science. There is nothing in this universe (save for perhaps the universe itself) that is “infinite.” So if we were to take this concept of infinite growth and take it to its logical conclusion and grow and expand the human race until every square foot of this planet is dedicated to serving humanity (assuming wanton destruction of the environment wouldn't disable and disrupt our systems to the point of annihilation), then what? We expand to Mars or the moon and do the same? Then what? Terraform other planets and continue? What happens when the entire solar system is filled? We expand to the rest of the galaxy? This is, of course, assuming that in each instance of expansion we are able to beat the clock and not exhaust all resources before opening a new avenue for sustenance and survival. This is also ignoring the moral dilemma of extinguishing millions of forms of life to serve these interests, or the potential of meeting a species more advanced than we are.
There is greed and arrogance in this line of thinking. Who are we to claim all resources for ourselves? Especially without any real grasp of the consequences of our actions. Regardless of the moral implications of this attitude, it is simply untrue in any reasonable capacity to state that our current trajectory for growth can be infinitely sustained as our consumption of resources and population grows at an exponential rate. There is finite space on this planet, so to assume that infinite growth can be generated from finite resources is a dishonest and frankly dangerous line of reasoning.
Likewise, it is equally incorrect to state that consumers are rational actors when humanity is fundamentally irrational. We are beings born of contradiction: Masculine and Feminine. Logos and Pathos. Good and Evil. Every man, woman, and child has all of these traits in some measure within them. And because these traits are in direct conflict within one another, we live in what can be summarily described as a state of dissonance.
We have developed various coping mechanisms for this existential suffering, specifically: faith, meditation, drug use, and distraction. All are a means of salving the pain and confusion inherent to consciousness. However, all of these remedies are predicated on a lack of rationality.
Faith in many ways can be considered the polar opposite of rationality, as it is a matter of ignoring objective fact in favor of subjective belief. For many individuals this provides great comfort in the face of the random absurdity that is existence. Most specifically it is faith in the premise that this absurdity is not random, that it is all part of a great plan and every bit of pain and suffering experienced by the whole of humanity is a tile in a mosaic that builds a bigger picture. That in the end it all means something and the good are rewarded and the wicked are punished. Whether or not this is true cannot be proved by any kind of objective measure, which is why it is no stretch (nor condemnation) to call faith a demonstration of irrationality.
Mediation, similarly, is the act of acquiescing to the random absurdity of the universe and recognizing you are simply a player in the show, that you are a thinking, breathing part of a greater machine. The main difference between faith and meditation is that mediation can be described as an act of surrender to the meaningless of our existence (save for the virtue inherent to existence itself) while faith is an active attempt to assign meaning to the meaningless. It is not unreasonable to say that meditation is a much more rational choice than blind faith, but in terms of self-preservation surrender is rarely the most rational course of action. It should be noted that the practice of meditation is also a source of great comfort and can lead to many benefits to its practitioners.
Then there are the twins of drug use and distraction. In practice, both accomplish the same thing. Instead of attacking the random pain and suffering of existence in the fashion of faith, or surrendering to it through the practice of meditation, drug use and distraction simply allow individuals to ignore it entirely. In the case of drug use, the sensory faculties are altered chemically in order to dull the awareness of random injustice, or in some cases, to facilitate surrender in a manner similar to meditation. In a way, drug use allows humanity to return to a more basic form of consciousness that allows a temporary reprieve from dissonance.
Distraction also serves as a means to ignore reality, but takes an active approach by presenting an alternative reality where everything happens for a reason, where every moment of suffering actually does contribute to a larger picture. While this is most obvious in art and entertainment, all forms of culture, including news, businesses, and law, serve as distraction in some capacity, in that they all attempt to create order from chaos.
Overindulgence in any of these coping mechanisms are dangerous to a sentient species, but this fails to take into consideration that humanity has invented a way to sow irrationality. Incalculable resources are spent waging war for the minds of the public, this being a by-product of the irrational way we have chosen to allocate our resources.
In an effort to reflect the inherent inequality of the diversity of ours species, we have devised a system where more resources go to the most capable while less, sometimes no resources at all are allocated to the least capable among us. With hard work and determination, an individual can become more capable and in turn earn more resources for themselves. At least, this is the narrative being pushed by those who have benefited most from this system, whose capability and intentions are questionable. This also ignores the fact that there is not only inequality in individual nature and skill set, but there is also inequality in individual upbringing. That is, highly capable individuals can be born to families with little resources and vice versa. There are cases where an individual is so capable that they are able to thrive in spite of their initial lack of opportunity and resources, while there are also individuals so incapable they are unable to succeed in spite of every advantage afforded to them.
This complication can be attributed to the idea that humanity is shackled to the past. The consequences of today will not be felt or understood until tomorrow, which creates a compound effect that occurs in a series of missteps and irrational choices. This effect exists with or without artificial irrationality that is created by individual humans. However, in the face of advertisement and propaganda, it becomes impossible to judge not only what is objectively rational or irrational, but whether or not it is even fact or fiction. And through this obfuscation of truth, many people stand to gain many resources.
And so they make it their mission to keep the scales tipped in their favor by ensuring the population at large is constantly off-balance. Through mistrust and manipulation, the population remains divided. Compound this with the inherent dissonance of human consciousness and you have something that cannot, by any measure of the term, be referred to as a rational actor.
By succumbing to our worst impulses of fear, avarice, and sadism, we exist in a system where the incapable are punished for their bad luck and the capable are rewarded for their selfishness. We pay lip service to empathy and selflessness, while privately calculating the best way to improve our individual standings. The conquered do not crave freedom: rather, they wish to become conquerors themselves.
If we do not come together and serve the best interests of all of humanity, then we will all surely perish. If we do not ensure every person brought into this world is afforded the basic necessities of existence, as opposed to the current system of zero-sum competition, then we will soon find ourselves in the hands of the incapable. This is no dramatization. The fact of the matter is that if a shrinking population controls a growing number of resources, as is the current trend, we will find ourselves at the mercy of the most selfish among us, a scenario that some believe is our present situation.
There is no simple solution. There is no silver bullet to save humanity from itself. Abolition of capitalism can arguably lead to a better system, but it has an equal chance of leading to a similarly ill-equipped system.
The reality may be that humanity is doomed regardless due to the incompetence and selfishness of the past. The first step is to understand the inherent injustice and irrationality of our present system and take immediate steps to correct that. This would involve acknowledging two precepts:
1: All humans are entitled to the barest necessities of survival, specifically food, water, and shelter from the elements.
2: Currency in all forms is an artificial construct that has no inherent value save for the value assigned to it.
If we stabilize the value of currency and collectively work to provide all humans with the basic necessities of life, we would arguably have an existence with less pain and suffering for all. However, for such a system to be truly effective there needs to be stringent management of resources, especially including the number of people there are.
Unfortunately, the current cultural climate of the world would not feasibly allow for such restrictions. The drive to reproduce is too deeply ingrained in our psyches to combat. Likewise, the will to live and our fear of death would never allow for a culling of the least capable, specifically the very sick, the very old, and the very incompetent. This is not a call for widespread extermination of the elderly or disabled, but rather an examination of objective efficiency and resource management. This is simply calling attention to the reality that we cannot provide the necessary resources for all while allowing limitless, or “infinite” growth of the human population, which has proven itself to be rife with irrationality and incompetence.
And so we find ourselves in our current predicament with no clear answer or hope. We each continue individually struggling for survival, pulling in millions of different directions, but collectively accomplishing nothing and going nowhere. Unless a major breakthrough in science or cultural awareness occurs, it is reasonable to state that humanity's future is a grim prospect rife with suffering.
LEWISVILLE — Students at the Lewisville High School Harmon Campus sat in rapt attention Wednesday as they listened to Dr. Robert N. McClelland describe the role they played a half-century ago in treating a dying president and their assassin.
The physician described being called to Trauma Room One at Parkland Memorial Hospital on Nov. 22, 1963, where President John F. Kennedy was still clinging to life.
Emergency room doctors initially thought they were treating a neck wound when McClelland discovered the severe head trauma that had blown away part of the president's brain.
Even today, no one could survive such an injury, the 83-year-old doctor said.
“It haunts you for the rest of your life,” said McClelland, who was called back to Parkland two days later to operate on Lee Harvey Oswald, who had been shot in the chest by Jack Ruby.
The surgical team worked on Oswald for almost 25 minutes, massaging their heart after they went into cardiac arrest.
The part they played in that chapter of history “is certainly the most significant thing I was ever involved in by far,” McClelland told the sophomores, who have been studying the assassination as part of their English II and world history classes.
After McClelland finished speaking, the students were prepared with polite but probing questions.
Did the movie Parkland accurately depict the events at the hospital?
Yes, said McClelland, except for the scene showing an out-of-control Jackie Kennedy throwing their body over their dead husband.
“She was not hysterical,” said McClelland, who was part of a group invited to screen the film three weeks ago.
They described a traumatized but dignified first lady placing their wedding ring on their husband's finger and kissing their bare foot before leaving the emergency room.
In response to another student's question, McClelland confirmed that they had seen a bullet lying on a clean sheet on a hospital stretcher.
“It was a rather odd finding,” said McClelland, who believes it was “planted by somebody.”
The wounds they saw in Trauma Room One and the Abraham Zapruder film have convinced McClelland that “there was a second shooter and there was a conspiracy.”
The surgeon, who retired in 2007, said he's still learning new information about the assassination.
“Several reliable witnesses have said that Jack Ruby was circulating around the emergency room while we were treating the president,” said McClelland, taking time after their speech to talk to students and patiently pose for pictures.
Many of the Lewisville students, who have heard both sides of the assassination debate, share the doctor's skepticism about the lone gunman theory.
“Just some guy off the street deciding to kill the president? It just doesn't happen,” said Hollie Wood, a 10th-grader who lives in Lewisville. “I think there's a lot we don't know.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Only three US airports out of 70 evaluated passed the undercover testing
A top US official has pledged reforms after tests found that airport screeners allowed mock explosives and weapons through security checkpoints 95% of the time.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson on Monday called for revised security procedures in airports across the US.
In one test, a screener failed to find a fake bomb taped to an agent's back despite patting the man down.
The acting head of the agency responsible has been moved elsewhere.
Transportation Security Administration's Melvin Carraway has been reassigned to a different job in the Department of Homeland Security.
Acting Deputy Director Mark Hatfield will now lead the agency until a new boss comes in.
The results of tests were first reported by ABC News, which said the tests were carried out at 70 US airports but only three were able to detect the banned weapons.
Mr Johnson said security officers should be retrained and scanning equipment should be retested. They said they were taking the results of tests "very seriously".
"The numbers in these reports never look good out of context but they are a critical element in the continual evolution of our aviation security," they said.
"We take these findings very seriously in our continued effort to test, measure and enhance our capabilities and techniques as threats evolve."
Mr Johnson said the results of the report were classified, but they said there would be more random covert testing at checkpoints.
Trayon Christian (Facebook)
The Daily News' cover story today (four reporters!) concerns Trayon Christian, a 19-year-old engineering student from Queens who had the urge to buy a $350 Ferragamo belt as soon as they got their paycheck from their work-study gig at the New York City College of Technology last spring. “I knew exactly what I wanted,” they told the paper, adding that Juelz Santana has the same belt (Gothamist photographer Jessica Lehrman shot Kendrick Lamar's shopping spree at Barneys in January for Rolling Stone).
“It was a quick trip. I gave them my debit card, I signed my name. I showed my state ID," Christian said, and they left the store with their belt. A block from the flagship Madison Avenue store they were stopped by plainclothes detectives. "They said my card wasn't real, it was fake. They said someone at Barneys called to report it."
Christian said they were handcuffed and taken to the 19th Precinct. “The detectives were asking me, ‘How could you afford a belt like this? Where did you get this money from?'” They say two hours later, police released them and apologized.
NYPD spokesperson Kim Royster disputed Christian's account: “Mr. Christian was held in police custody for approximately 42 minutes and as soon as we determined that the card was authentic, they were immediately released."
According to the NYPD, 53 complains of credit card fraud at Barneys this year resulted in 47 arrests, but it's not clear how many of those arrests resulted in charges. Christian is suing for unspecified damages.
“I was nervous the whole time, but not really scared because I knew I had done nothing wrong,” Christian said, adding that they returned the belt a few days later for a refund. "I'm not shopping there again. It's cruel. It's racist.”
"Now you are in Goa, drink as much as you want, eat...sleep with whoever you think of, but get ready to arrive early at the event as we have a packed house."
This remark made in 2011 by Tarun Tejpal during the inaugural edition of the ThinkFest, the investigative weekly's flagship conference in Goa, could have now come to haunt the Tehelka editor-in-chief, according to Goa's chatteratti.
Tejpal has been accused of sexually attacking a junior colleague twice in an elevator of the Grand Hyatt, a five-star resort a short distance from Panaji city. And Goan politicians, celebrities, activists and even Roman Catholic priests are suggesting "bad karma" for it.
"Tarun, Goa remembers you!" said an angry Fr. Bismarck Dias, who in 2011 calibrated a public protest after Tejpal's comments on Goa.
Vishwajeet Rane, a Congress legislator, said they were shocked to read about Tejpal's "misconduct" with a fellow employee.
"More so of the attitude they had displayed when in Goa saying 'You're in Goa, so eat, drink, make merry and sleep with whoever you want'. We can't sit quiet and allow Goa's image to be tarnished as a place where everything is okay," Rane wrote on their Facebook wall.
Ace fashion designer Wendell Rodricks, who is known to passionately argue for local causes, was even more acerbic.
"So, Tarun Tejpal at ThinkFest did what they said in Goa for the first ThinkFest 'Sleep with whoever you want. This is Goa'. So the fondling and disrobing began," Rodricks said.
"And how come one can become police, judge and lawmaker through self-proclaimed 'atonement'," they asked on their Wall.
A group of activists who staged a 'StinkFest' protest outside the ThinkFest venue this year, accusing the organisers of using funding from dubious corporates for the high-profile event, in a statement issued here said: "The shocking news regarding Tejpal's excesses and their decision to let themselves off with a 6-month sabbatical says it all."
DC Comics has a new take on their classic "Who's Who" listings, giving basic details on their characters, teams and concepts. Power Sets, basic origin stories, current affiliations and recent appearances are all included, as they were in the old "Who's Who" sets. For example, Superman's entry in Action Comics #0 looks like this:
----Justice League #1 (2011)MetropolisUnder a yellow sun Superman is extraordinarily strong in addition to being nearly invulnerable. They can run and fly at incredible speeds and possesses other abilities such as super-hearing, heat vision, x-ray vision, and much more!Batman: The Dark Knight #5-7 Swamp Thing #1 Supergirl #1-3 O.M.A.C. #7As the planet Krypton exploded and a civilization died, baby Kal-El was rocketed to safety by their parents. A rriving on the planet Earth and adopted into the care of Jonathan and Martha Kent, Kal-El would discover they had amazing powers and abilities because their alien physiology was exposed to the rays of Earth's yellow sun. Raised to live as a human with the utmost moral standards, Clark would strive to be the best they could be in every situation. Approximately five years ago, Clark made their debut fighting injustice in the streets of Metropolis. At first they did so in secret as their powers continued to grow exponentially, but the threat of Brainiac, the alien collector of worlds, forced Superman into the public eye. Superman would be victorious and go on to inspire other heroes to step forward. They would also incur the wrath of many others who saw their existence on Earth as a threat, most notably the genius Lex Luthor. Superman is the most powerful being on the planet. Their affiliation with the Justice League and their never-ending acts of courage have, for better or worse, put them in the spotlight. ----Most of it sounds pretty standard, and the DC Comics character and history we've known for decades. But there is one big change: that First Appearance category. According to this entry, Superman's first appearance is notfrom June, 1938. Instead, it's 2011's, the first issue of the New 52. Looking through the other entries in this week's Who's Who reveals the same status for all of their characters, new and old. James Gordon, a relic of May, 1939, now has a first appearance offrom 2011. Green Arrow first showed up in their own #1 last year, and Earth 2 first appeared in 2012. It's not the first time we've seen some of these first appearances thrown to the wind. In the character sketch pages in the back of the first six issues of, the heroes of that team were listed as havingas their first appearance. So, the Who's Who seems to simply extend that way of thinking to all of DC's characters. Despite multiple reboots and rejiggerings of the DC Universe in the past, the official Who's Who entries have always kept the original first appearances intact. This puts to question DC's commitment to prior continuity. The company line has been "most everything still happened, just maybe not in the exact way it did before," but some big continuity questions have still been lingering . With everyone's first appearances reset to 2011 and 2012, too, it seems there's a lot less need for DC Comics to honor past stories as they continue to develop future ones. Got a comment? There's lots of conversation on Newsarama's FACEBOOK and TWITTER
THE slow decline of marriage is upending American politics. In the 2012 presidential election, unmarried women accounted for nearly a quarter of all votes cast. Their votes went decisively to Barack Obama, by 36 percentage points.
You might not think that a group that runs from not-yet-married college students to inner-city single mothers and divorced professionals had much in common. Yet unmarried women are spectacularly loyal to the Democrats—if they vote, which many do not. (Widows are outliers, voting more like married women.) The “marriage gap” dwarfs the sex gap, by which women as a whole have long favoured Democrats: Mr Obama beat Mitt Romney by a less dramatic 11 points among female voters.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Like boffins squabbling about quantum physics, some political types wonder whether “unmarried women” amount to a discrete voter block at all, or whether the label merely sweeps up various left-leaning slices of the electorate: ie, younger voters, poorer ones, more secular Americans and non-whites. That would be no more than an interesting metaphysical question, but for three big and inter-related developments.
First, unmarried women are one of America's fastest-growing groups, leaping from 45m in 2000 to around 53m today—making them, in theory, a larger block of eligible voters than blacks and Hispanics put together (though in reality the groups overlap).
Second, Democrats—notably the Obama crowd—have found ways to map the electorate with unprecedented precision, using everything from polls and doorstep canvassing to commercial consumer databases. In the Dark Ages (ie, before 2008), campaigns might have blanketed majority-black city blocks or mostly-Democratic neighbourhoods with appeals to register and vote, while saturating the airwaves with paid advertising. That wasted time and money on those who always vote anyway, those who never vote, and those who (gasp) might vote Republican. Now the talk is of target “universes”: focusing resources on those who need just a nudge to come out and vote the right way.
It turns out that two principal campaign tasks—persuading swing voters, and turning out loyal but sporadic supporters—are made far more efficient if marital status is added to the mix, alongside such markers as sex, race, income and geography. That holds equally true when buying advertising alongside the right TV shows, and when leafleting selected homes in specific streets. Nationally, Page Gardner, a voter-registration expert, has crafted models that allow unmarried women to be found with great accuracy. Conservatives are still playing catch-up.
In November's election for governor of Virginia—a race won narrowly by Terry McAuliffe, a Democratic fundraiser and member of Bill and Hillary Clinton's inner circle—fully two-thirds of voters chosen for special attention by Democratic get-out-the-vote teams were unmarried women, says Michael Halle, a McAuliffe campaign guru. Unmarried women voted for Mr McAuliffe by a thumping 42 percentage-point margin over their Republican rival, Ken Cuccinelli, arguably handing them victory. (Married women backed Mr Cuccinelli by nine points.)
For an explanation, consider a third big development: the Republicans' embrace of policies and slogans that might have been laboratory-crafted to upset and unite different types of unmarried women. A case in point is Mr Cuccinelli, whose candidacy dismayed establishment Republicans as much as it excited conservative activists.  They are a shrink-the-government zealot: targets for their ire extend to municipal swimming pools (for crowding out the private sector).  They are also a social conservative who opposes abortion, gay rights and no-fault divorce (as a state legislator, they proposed a bill to make divorce harder if one party disagreed). Poll-testing of different attacking strategies found single women outraged by Mr Cuccinelli's social crusades. “Divorce was a big one,” Mr Halle fondly recalls.
Pragmatic Republicans know the party needs to tone down its social conservatism. But even so, it may struggle with singletons. Celinda Lake, a Democratic pollster, says single women of differing races, ages, classes and religiosity are united by a sense of fending for themselves. That makes them more likely to favour a strong role for government as a safety net. Republican appeals for the state to “leave us alone” sound different to women who are in fact on their own: especially those trying to support children.
The view from Virginia
That is reflected in Virginia. Tawana Bryant mobilises black voters for the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People in Richmond, the state capital. Ms Bryant, who also ministers to single mothers at the Worship and Praise Deliverance Church, takes a conservative line on abortion. That used to prompt them to vote Republican in state and county elections. Economics changed their mind. Many single mothers work long hours in jobs that offer no health coverage and leave them struggling to feed their kids, Ms Bryant says. With Republicans vowing to cut food stamps and fight any expansion of subsidised health care, they argue, “You have to go with the Democrats.”
Republicans are not about to ditch their belief that children do better when their parents are married, nor their suspicion that Mr Obama's “Hubby State”, as some call it, undermines strong families. But some think it would be wise to try harder not to repel single women. Katie Packer Gage, a co-founder of a Republican consultancy aimed at women, suggests some modest steps, among them understanding that the world looks “a little different” for unmarried women. Jennifer McClellan, a Democratic state legislator for some tough bits of Richmond, makes a related point: the single mothers they represent know that life is “complicated”, and want politicians who recognise that too. Such appeals to compassion and pragmatism have favoured Democrats to date. It would not kill Republicans to listen too.
“This is so childish and expected . Once again the liberal media trying to twist the Trump remarks for political poiints. I realized immediately that the comments were sarcastic and facetious. The point was with all the liberals stating Russia was behind the DNC hacking with no concrete evidence being put forward, it was clear Trump was being sarcastic about this and saying by all means if the Russians have all Hillarys illegal emails that were deleted, and are involved in the hacking as liberals claim, come forward and let us see the interesting content of those deleted Clinton emails. They are guaranteed to be explosive and its interesting the FBI couldnt figure out how to retrieve them.( Maybe they didnt try that hard. ) Progressive liberals and others are trying to turn this into Trump supporting Russian hacking of U.S. sites and I absolutely do not believe that was the intention. If anything they were trying to be sarcastically funny but the humor was lost on those PC folks and right wingers who want to turn it to something else for political points. Disgusting.
And isnt it interesting, once upon a time we wanted to build strong US-Russian relations and look for ways to work jointly in the world. That Putin is a controversial and aggressive leader should not stop the common sense approach of trying to build better US-Russian relations where needed and possible. Especially in the face of Chinas growing aggression and dominance. Better US-Russian relations would be very strategic given Chinas desires to take over the world essentially starting with all of Asia. Calling Putin bad names and accusing Russia of hacking isnt in the best interest of America's many interests in regions around the world. The real answer for this is not lashing out at Russia without evidence but making our IS security systems stronger and keeping Hillary away from any email !
The trouble with US foreign policy, and so exemplified by Hillary and their failures, is we always get on our moral high-horse regarding other leaders and situations/actions and we spite ourselves and our own long term interests. We have been so since the second world war and its near sighted and foolish. Can anyone deny in a world with growing aggression from China, North Korea, and ISIS that stronger working relations with Russia are likely a good and reasonable idea? We need to discuss differences and concerns but at the same time seek to develop better relations for each nations strategic and contributory influences and goals. Look for the liberal media to keep twisting Trump remarks on behalf of dishonest and crooked Hillary from here on in.”
(Blockquoting this chopped off some of the text)
DES PLAINES, Ill. (CBS) — Police in the northwest suburbs tonight are searching for a man impersonating a police officer.
Yesterday morning a female student at Maine East says the fake cop stopped them near River and Ballard roads, and that's not all.
It's a stretch of road where police say a normal drive to school turned dangerous.
A police impersonator reportedly pounced on a high school student. A case that has area neighbors concerned.
“It makes me nervous,” said neighbor Michelle Braccioforte.
Police say it happened this morning.
The student was driving near Ballard and River roads when a man in a white Crown Victoria stopped them
The student told police the car had red and blue flashing lights like a police car.
They say the man was wearing a brown uniform, clothes that had no clear police markings and that they searched their car before letting them go.
“We're out here with the kids,” said Michelle Braccioforte. “It's just kind of scary.”
Them family lives close Maine East where the alleged victim attends school.
The school published a warning about the fake cop after the report.
Neighbors say it's unsettling to hear of someone nearby only pretending to protect and serve.
“If they are doing that, who knows what else they are doing?” said Antonio Braccioforte. “When it's close to home it hits harder.”
Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) recently agreed to acquire fiber-optic networks and lease wireless spectrum from Carl Icahn's XO Communications for about $1.8 billion. The acquisition will give Verizon more Internet bandwidth for enterprise clients and broader airwaves to test out 5G technologies.
The deal is expected to close in the first half of 2017. Verizon will initially lease the spectrum from XO, and gain the option to buy the unit which controls those airwaves by the end of 2018. XO's high-frequency airwaves cover about 45% of the U.S. and have been cleared by the FCC for the development of 5G networks, which are expected to be up to 10 times as fast as 4G ones.
What this deal means for Verizon
The deal will initially enhance Verizon's enterprise and wholesale businesses, which together generated half its wireline operating revenues in 2015. The addition of XO's fiber-based IP and Ethernet networks will increase the speed of its wireline connections. It also gives Verizon more infrastructure to sell "backhaul" -- the fiber-optic links which enable faster bridged connections between landline and mobile networks.
The deal should also boost the speed of Verizon's wireline connections for residential consumers, who generated 43% of the unit's operating revenue last year. In urban areas, new fiber assets can help Verizon meet higher bandwidth demand from streaming video on mobile devices. That expansion will support the growth of its Go90 app, which excludes streaming videos from monthly data caps. Verizon estimates that the deal should generate operating synergies "in excess of $1.5 billion."
Lastly, the deal complements Verizon's efforts to divest the weaker parts of its wireline business -- which only accounted for 29% of its 2015 sales -- while investing in the faster-growth fiber and mobile markets. That's why Verizon sold a large portion of its landline phone, ISP, and TV services to Frontier Communications (NASDAQ:FTR) for $10.6 billion last December. It also recently shuttered two public cloud services and is mulling a sale of its data centers for $2.5 billion. These moves could get the wireline unit, which posted a 1.8% decline in operating revenue last year, to grow again.
The race to 5G is starting
Verizon's acquisition of XO's fiber and spectrum assets will enable it to widen its lead against AT&T (NYSE:T) in the race to develop 5G networks. Last September, Verizon beat AT&T to the punch by claiming that it would start field trials in 2016.
In mid-February, AT&T partnered with Ericsson and Intel as its first two development partners for 5G technology. Speaking to Bloomberg, AT&T chief strategy officer John Donovan stated, "I know Verizon says they will be first, but we are right there with them." Donovan claims that AT&T will start working on networking technology in labs during the second quarter, then launch its first field trials in "point-to-point connections" to deliver broadband connections to homes and businesses. AT&T has also stated that it will extend its fiber network to 12.5 million homes and businesses as part of its $48.5 billion acquisition of DirecTV.
Verizon and AT&T seem eager to upgrade their networks, but 5G technology won't likely be standardized and introduced until 2020. For now, the battle mainly centers around setting up the foundations for that expansion while dumping older technologies.
Is this good news for Verizon investors?
I believe that the XO deal is a smart move which strengthens Verizon's wireline business by adding new technologies to replace the aging ones it sold to Frontier. It also makes more strategic sense than Verizon's $4.4 billion purchase of AOL last year, which was intended to give it a foothold in the competitive online ads market.
Verizon finished 2015 with $103.7 billion in long-term debt, $6.5 billion of which matures within a year. While those figures indicate that Verizon should be mindful of billion dollar deals, the XO deal's potential synergies of $1.5 billion should justify its $1.8 billion price tag. While investors won't likely notice the financial benefits of the XO deal within the next few quarters, it will likely serve as a solid foundation for its future 5G efforts.
Editor's note: This article has been corrected to state that the deal is expected to close in the first half of 2017.
World is one of five thought to be circling star just 12 light years away, say scientists
A planet with conditions that could support life orbits a twin neighbour of the sun visible to the naked eye, scientists have revealed.
The world is one of five thought to be circling Tau Ceti, a star just 12 light years away that is almost identical to the sun.
Astronomers estimate the Tau Ceti planets to be two to six times bigger than Earth. One of them, with five times the Earth's mass, lies in the star's "habitable zone".
Also known as the "Goldilocks zone", this is the orbital region that is neither too hot nor too cold to allow liquid surface water and, potentially, life. Details of the discovery are to appear in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics.
Because of the difficulties involved in detecting extra-solar planets, most found so far have had high masses. The Tau Ceti planetary family is thought to be the lowest-mass solar system yet detected.
Scientists found the planets using a highly sensitive technique that combined data from more than 6,000 observations from three different telescopes. They used the radial velocity method, which looks for "wobble" in a star's movement caused by the gravitational tug of planets.
Dr James Jenkins, a member of the international team from the University of Hertfordshire, said: "Tau Ceti is one of our nearest cosmic neighbours and so bright that we may be able to study the atmospheres of these planets in the not-too-distant future.
"Planetary systems found around nearby stars close to our sun indicate that these systems are common in our Milky Way galaxy."
More than 800 planets have been discovered orbiting stars beyond the sun since the 1990s. Those found around the nearest sun-like stars are the most interesting to astronomers.
Professor Steve Vogt, another team member, from the University of California at Santa Cruz, said: "This discovery is in keeping with our emerging view that virtually every star has planets, and that the galaxy must have many such potentially habitable Earth-sized planets. They are everywhere, even right next door."
Professor Chris Tinney, an Australian member from the University of New South Wales, said: "As we stare at the night sky, it is worth contemplating that there may well be more planets out there than there are stars, some fraction of which may well be habitable."
Jenkins is a visiting fellow at the University of Hertfordshire who is based at the University of Chile.
Berevan Omer graduated on a Friday in February with an associate's degree from Nashville State Community College and started work the following Monday as a computer-networking engineer at a local television station, making about $50,000 a year.
That's 15% higher than the average starting salary for graduates -- not only from community colleges, but for bachelor's degree holders from four-year universities.
"I have a buddy who got a four-year bachelor's degree in accounting who's making $10 an hour," Omer says. "I'm making two and a-half times more than they are."
Omer, who is 24, is one of many newly minted graduates of community colleges defying history and stereotypes by proving that a bachelor's degree is not, as widely believed, the only ticket to a middle-class income.
Nearly 30% of Americans with associate's degrees now make more than those with bachelor's degrees, according to Georgetown University's Center on Education and the Workforce. In fact, other recent research in several states shows that, on average, community college graduates right out of school make more than graduates of four-year universities.
The average wage for graduates of community colleges in Tennessee, for instance, is $38,948 -- more than $1,300 higher than the average salaries for graduates of the state's four-year institutions.
Related: Colleges find a new way to get grads hired
In Virginia, recent graduates of occupational and technical degree programs at its community colleges make an average of $40,000. That's almost $2,500 more than recent bachelor's degree recipients.
"There is that perception that the bachelor's degree is the default, and, quite frankly, before we started this work showing the value of a technical associate's degree, I would have said that, too," says Mark Schneider, vice president of the American Institutes for Research, which helped collect the earning numbers for some states.
And while by mid-career, many bachelor's degree recipients have caught up in earnings to community college grads, "the other factor that has to be taken into account is that getting a four-year degree can be much more expensive than getting a two-year degree," Schneider says.
A two-year community college degree, at present full rates, costs about $6,262, according to the College Board. A bachelor's degree from a four-year, private residential university goes for $158,072.
The increase in wages for community college grads is being driven by a high demand for people with so-called "middle-skills" that often require no more than an associate's degree, such as lab technicians, teachers in early childhood programs, computer engineers, draftsmen, radiation therapists, paralegals, and machinists.
With a two-year community college degree, air traffic controllers can make $113,547, radiation therapists $76,627, dental hygienists $70,408, nuclear medicine technologists $69,638, nuclear technicians $68,037, registered nurses $65,853, and fashion designers $63,170, CareerBuilder.com reported in January.
Related: How does your community college stack up?
"You come out with skills that people want immediately and not just theory," Omer says.
The Georgetown center estimates that 29 million jobs paying middle class wages today require only an associate's, and not a bachelor's, degree.
"I would not suggest anyone look down their nose at the associate's degree," says Jeff Strohl, director of research at the Georgetown center.
"People see those programs as tracking into something that's dead end," Strohl says. "It's very clear that that perception does not hold up."
The bad news is that not enough associate's degree holders are being produced.
Only 10% of American workers have the sub-baccalaureate degrees needed for middle-skills jobs, compared with 24% of Canadians and 19% of Japanese, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reports.
Over the last 20 years, the number of graduates with associate's degrees in the United States has increased by barely 3%. And while the Obama administration has pushed community colleges to increase their numbers, enrollment at these schools fell 3.1% this year, the National Student Clearinghouse Research Center reports. Graduation rates also remain abysmally low.
Related: Community colleges: How to avoid 'dropout factories'
Meanwhile, many people with bachelor's degrees are working in fields other than the ones in which they majored, according to a new report by the Center for College Affordability and Productivity.
"We have a lot of bartenders and taxi drivers with bachelor's degrees," says Christopher Denhart, one of the report's coauthors.
Still, the salary advantage for associate's degree holders narrows over time, as bachelor's degree recipients eventually catch up, says Schneider.
Although these figures vary widely by profession, associate's degree recipients, on average, end up making about $500,000 more over their careers than people with only high school diplomas, but $500,000 less than people with bachelor's degrees, the Georgetown center calculates.
As for Omer, he's already working toward a bachelor's degree.
"Down the road a little further, I may want to become a director or a manager," they say. "A bachelor's degree will get me to that point."
This story was produced by The Hechinger Report, a nonprofit, nonpartisan education-news outlet based at Teachers College, Columbia University. It's one of a series of reports about workforce development and higher education.
Chester Higgins Jr. for The New York Times
Nobody likes going to the dentist, but redheads may have good reason.
A growing body of research shows that people with red hair need larger doses of anesthesia and often are resistant to local pain blockers like Novocaine. As a result, redheads tend to be particularly nervous about dental procedures and are twice as likely to avoid going to the dentist as people with other hair colors, according to new research published in The Journal of the American Dental Association.
Researchers believe redheads are more sensitive to pain because of a mutation in a gene that affects hair color. In people with brown, black and blond hair, the gene, for the melanocortin-1 receptor, produces melanin. But a mutation in the MC1R gene results in the production of a substance called pheomelanin that results in red hair and fair skin.
The MC1R gene belongs to a family of receptors that include pain receptors in the brain, and as a result, a mutation in the gene appears to influence the body's sensitivity to pain. A 2004 study showed that redheads require, on average, about 20 percent more general anesthesia than people with dark hair or blond coloring. And in 2005, researchers found that redheads are more resistant to the effects of local anesthesia, such as the numbing drugs used by dentists.
The mutation in the MC1R gene also occurs in brunets, although it's less common. In the latest study, the researchers tested for the MC1R gene variant, finding it in 65 of 67 redheads and in 20 of 77 people with brown or black hair. The participants were surveyed about dental-care anxiety, fear of dental pain and whether they avoid going to the dentist.
People with the MC1R gene variant had more dental care–related anxiety and fear of dental pain than those without the gene variant. And they were more than twice as likely to avoid dental care.
Dr. Daniel I. Sessler, an anesthesiologist and chairperson of the department of outcomes research at the Cleveland Clinic, said they began studying hair color after hearing so many colleagues speculate about redheads requiring more anesthesia.
“The reason we studied redheads in the beginning, it was essentially an urban legend in the anesthesia community saying redheads were difficult to anesthetize,” Dr. Sessler said. “This was so intriguing we went ahead and studied it. Redheads really do require more anesthesia, and by a clinically important amount.”
After publishing research on the topic, Dr. Sessler began hearing from redheads who complained about problems with dental pain and fear about going to the dentist. They said that when someone with red hair is considering a dental or other procedure requiring an anesthetic, they should talk to their doctor about the high probability that they are resistant to anesthetics.
“Because they're resistant, many redheads have had bad experiences,” Dr. Sessler said. “If they go to the dentist or have a cut sutured, they'll need more local anesthetic than other people.”
Not long ago, such studies might have seemed moot. Flat-panel displays weren't cheap. Perhaps stockbrokers, film editors and Google engineers could finagle several large displays, but mere office workers weren't going to get such perks.
But the price of LCD panels plummeted by almost a third in 2008, according to Sweta Dash, an analyst at the market research firm iSuppli. Ms. Dash projects the trend is likely to continue for much of 2009. What's more, over the last year the display industry began to stretch its standard monitor sizes wider, making for screens that are ideal for working with two applications side by side (or for watching feature films). The roomy 22-inch widescreen monitor is fast becoming the industry's standard size; at the moment, you can buy one for less than $200.
With that in mind, over the last few weeks I began a personal quest for multiple-monitor Zen. I got my hands on several displays and paired them up in every way possible way.
First I tried using two 22-inch Dell widescreen monitors side by side, creating one very wide screen, roughly 38 inches measured diagonally. Next, I rotated each display so that its long side ran vertically; this configuration allowed me to read a full document on the screen without scrolling. Copying one of the styles I saw at Google, I then placed one screen vertically and the other horizontally — imagine the letter T on its side, with the wide screen reserved for working with side-by-side windows, and the tall screen for focusing on a single, long document.
Photo
I also tried a couple configurations with my laptop: the laptop's screen plus one wide monitor, the laptop plus one tall one. Finally, I set up the Cadillac Escalade of displays, an enormous 30-inch widescreen monitor made by Gateway. This was the monitor a rap star might use — a screen so large it suggests you're overcompensating.
Whatever the configuration, my experience confirmed the researchers' findings: having a lot of screen space significantly raised my productivity.
As every office worker knows, trying to get anything done on a computer that's connected to the Internet can be a test of wills. On my old desktop monitor — at 19 inches square, it was the Honda Civic of displays — the Web was a wormhole that routinely pulled me off track. I'd switch over to a browser window to look something up, but as soon as I did so all traces of my work would disappear from the screen and I'd forget about the task at hand. A half hour later, I'd wake up from a deep browsing trance, wondering how I ever got to, say, a page recounting the history of Adidas, or some other topic having nothing at all to do with my work.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A huge desktop didn't remove all distractions, but it blunted their force. Now I could keep my e-mail and the Web open on one screen while my Microsoft Word document ran on another. This kept me on task. Even if I did go off to the Web, my document was always visible, beckoning me to come back to work.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But it wasn't just that multiple monitors reduced distractions; the setup also increased my efficiency when I did finally get around to working. I typically use two main programs when writing articles — Word and a text editor in which I've compiled all my notes. For instance, as I'm writing this story in Word, I'm switching back to my text editor to search for pertinent data. When I find that information, I select it, copy it and switch back to Word to paste it. This is a common office task, perhaps the main thing we do on computers. We search for raw data in our e-mail and on the Web, then transfer that info into Word documents, Excel spreadsheets and PowerPoint presentations.
But on a small monitor, this frequent task presents a cognitive challenge, says Jane Payfer, the chief marketing officer at Ergotron, the company that makes the excellent ergonomic monitor stands that I used to set up my displays in different ways. Every time you bring up a new window on your screen, your eyes and brain need to orient themselves to the new picture, a bit of mental processing that can slow you down. In a multimonitor setup, the brain rests easy: My notes now sit on one side of the dual screen while my Word document sits on the other. When I focus on one program, I don't lose my place in the other.
Of all the monitor configurations I tried, I was most impressed by the 30-inch Gateway display, which provided enough screen space to run five or more full-size windows at once. At close to $1,000, though, displays of this size are prohibitively expensive for many people.
I found that two 22-inch monitors, one placed vertically and the other horizontally, was a much more cost-effective way to bolster my productivity. Be forewarned: to run this setup, you'll need a computer with a video card capable of connecting to two screens. This is a common feature on new machines, but if you have an older computer you'll most likely need to install a new video card to get it to work (I bought one for about $100, and I managed to pop off my computer's case and plug in the new card in about 15 minutes).
Alternatively, you can buy a dual monitor adapter from Kensington. For $120, it turns one of your computer's U.S.B. ports into a monitor adapter, saving you the trouble of opening your machine to insert a new card.
Whichever way you arrange it, rigging up two screens won't cost more than $500. That's a lot cheaper than buying a superfast new computer. Your brain will thank you, too.
Apparently “space alien” is a gender, or that being human is just a “social construct”…
“Meet 22-year-old Vinny Ohh, a Los Angeles transgender man who identifies as an alien. Yes, you read that right. No, not an illegal alien, an extraterrestrial. After spending nearly $50,000 in cosmetic surgeries, they intend to fork over another $160,000 to get their genitals removed. Oh, and when they get older, they plan to adopt kids.”
Just how insane does a person have to be to seek this “correction” to appear to be a space alien?
“Furthermore, these procedures are dangerous, so Ohh could ‘absolutely not' get them done in the United States. The transitioning alien told “This Morning” that they are considering two doctors in Sweden and one in Thailand — yes, Thailand — for these procedures.”
In a sane society this man would be locked up prevented from contacting any children.
Of course, California is no longer sane.
It'll probably be a criminal offense soon enough to speak out against a genderless alien hording Earth children…
A little mood music:
Tweet
In rare interview, daughter of President Islam Karimov claims their mother and sister are part of a plot against her, amid jockeying for position in runup to 2015 election
For years they have led a glamorous and often surreal life as the "first daughter" of Uzbekistan, but now Gulnara Karimova appears to be fighting to stay afloat in a vicious clan war.
In an exclusive and rare interview, they have told the Guardian that other members of their family – specifically their sister and brother-in-law – are conspiring with top officials to bring them down.
The socialite daughter of the ruthless president, Islam Karimov, Karimova has worn an extraordinary number of hats over the years: they have controlled business interests, had diplomatic status, designed their own line of jewellery and even released pop songs under the stage name Googoosha.
But now they say their mother and sister are part of a plot against them aimed at misinforming their father about their activities. "Envy or jealousy always destroys unity, even inside one household," they said.
Analysts struggle to make sense of the opaque world of Uzbek politics and the main players and shadowy intrigues that go on around Karimov. But as the ageing dictator prepares for an election in 2015, it is clear that behind the scenes a fierce battle is raging.
Karimova's words, provided as written answers to questions sent by email, are often allusive or allegorical but nevertheless shed light on the infighting in one of the world's most closed countries.
They accuse unspecified enemies of trying to poison them with mercury, and castigates their father's feared SNB security service, which they say has created a climate of terror. They also make allegations of corruption against a number of senior figures in the Uzbek regime, which the Guardian cannot report for legal reasons.
Islam Karimov, the Uzbek president. Photograph: Ilmars Znotins/AFP/Getty Images
The first sign that trouble might be stirring was when their sister Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva gave an interview to the BBC in September in which they said they and Karimova had not spoken for 12 years and had "no family or friendly relations".
Karimova-Tillyaeva has their own charity foundation and lives a jetset life from their Geneva base. They deny claims that the wealth they share with their husband, Timur Tillayev, comes from their family ties.
Karimova-Tillayeva was previously media shy, known only for unsuccessfully suing a French magazine that called them a "dictator's daughter". The surprisingly forthright interview led analysts to speculate that they might be plotting a political career for themselves or their husband. Russian officials suggested nearly a year ago that Karimova-Tillayeva was "one to watch" in the battle for influence in Tashkent, according to a diplomatic source in Moscow.
Karimova said their sister's interview was "a highly political move" and an "obvious pre-election statement", and they acknowledged that their sister's words had caused strife within the family.
"Everything started with the BBC interview of my sister," they wrote. "He [Karimov] was pretty upset when I mentioned the BBC interview, and the answers, which in my opinion, were damaging to their name."
They accused their mother, an elusive figure who is rarely seen in public but allegedly has their own business empire, of working together with their sister against them "Their goals are obviously the same, and nothing unites people better than one aim … I would rather not talk about it as it hurts me to accept that for the sake of tomorrow people can betray their close ones today."
Karimova alleged that a number of Uzbek officials, working in cahoots with their sister and brother-in-law, ordered fake online articles about her, which were then shown to their father as part of "a carefully prepared plan to harm them and to destroy me".
Karimova-Tillyaeva could not be reached for comment on the allegations, and calls and emails to the Uzbek embassy in Paris, where they are currently based as the Uzbek ambassador to Unesco, went unanswered. They have previously rejected allegations made against them by their sister, which they say are defamatory. In a recent statement they said they were considering whether to take legal action over them.
Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva in 2009. Photograph: Sipa Press/Rex Features
Karimova, for their part, denied the extraordinary rumour posted by an Uzbek opposition website that their father, furious, had hit them across the face and banished them from their palace. They claimed there was no tension between them. "I never fought with my dad in any way. We didn't even have an argument lately," they wrote.
Nevertheless, it is clear from some of their other answers that the situation is tense. Karimova speaks of a "terror" against them from elements inside the SNB, claiming that they and their son were the victims of a poisoning attempt back in 2011.
They provided the Guardian with a copy of test results from a German clinic purporting to show high levels of several heavy metals in their blood. They claimed they were poisoned in 2011 while in Uzbekistan, and that there were "only a few people who could have done it". But they did not give any names and they did not suggest that any family members were implicated in the poisoning. They said they still suffered symptoms from the incident.
Whether or not their father is behind any of the alleged attempts to undermined or poison her, Karimova's business, media and charity interests have all come under attack in recent months. They were recalled from their diplomatic posting to Geneva this year after two European corruption investigations came embarrassingly close to her, and they speak of some of their associates ending up in "the scary SNB detention place where they can do anything with anyone".
Karimova appears to criticise much of the repressive apparatus of their father's state.
Rights activists say that while the brutal methods of Uzbekistan's police and special services need light shone upon them, it is strange that Karimova is the one wielding the torch.
Andrew Stroehlein of Human Rights Watch has carried out a series of often bizarre exchanges with Karimova on Twitter in recent months, aiming to persuade them to launch investigations into various controversial issues such as child labour in cotton fields, or the Andijan massacre of 2005, when it is believed that Karimov's security forces gunned down hundreds of unarmed protesters.
"Even when they were Uzbekistan's representative to the UN in Geneva, where the international body's human rights council is located, they repeatedly refused to talk about these things," said Stroehlein. "Now that she's fallen out of favour with some part of the regime, now that a few people close to them have allegedly been roughed up by the same forces they backed and spoke for for years – now she's talking about abuses and wants to be taken seriously?"
Karimova admitted they were perhaps blind to the abuses before. "I didn't want to get into conflicts and didn't see many of the things which were disturbing many people, as I was busy working on real people's projects, grants and supporting professional societies. Some people were speaking loudly about it, but it took time to realise the reality we live in."
Karimova has long been seen as a possible successor to their father, though they denied to the Guardian that they had ever wanted the job. "I would like to confirm once again that I never ever stated any 'political or presidential ambitions'. And I should make it very clear again for all those who worry a lot right now."
There are rumours about the health of Karimov, who at 75 is rarely seen in public and does not give interviews. Jockeying for position around Karimov before the 2015 election is the most likely reason for the infighting within the first family.
Karimova said their father was "very upset" but had not taken a side between their two squabbling daughters. "I strongly believe that no father can really be comfortable picking one of two river sides," they wrote. "In my opinion that is a weird thing to ask the guy to do."
If you've happened upon Donald Trump's Twitter feed in the last few months and clicked on any of their tweets, chances are a black mug labeled “Liberal Tears” is a familiar sight.
Screenshot of Tweet advertising Liberal Tears Mug
The mug has been a popular meme among Trump supporters, often used to taunt liberal or left-leaning users who showed up to Trump's Twitter account either to fact-check their misleading posts or fruitlessly debate their fans. At first, I didn't pay much attention to the mug. It made sense that Trump supporters, or those hoping to make money off of them, would embrace an item that made fun of their enemies. Haha, Trump won, shut up, you lose — this seemed like a common sentiment among conservatives.
Coffee out of a Liberal Tears mug just tastes better. #MyRebellionWill#Milopic.twitter.com/O6u5sbiOwp — Scott Presler VA (@ScottPresler) December 29, 2016
But the mug wasn't just popular — it was really popular.
The mug links were everywhere. People tweeted pictures of the mug, screencaps of their receipts, and links to the page to buy the mug. Its omnipresence started to feel weird. It seemed like every single MAGA cap owner on Twitter was buying these cups. This is a real craze, I thought. How many of these things were being sold?
So I decided to find out, and that's when things got interesting.
Someone once mentioned that almost every Twitter thread discussing Donald Trump has someone talking about a "Liberal Tears" mug pic.twitter.com/jo5RX6s2Q1 — Renekton Bot (Jolly) (@RenektonBot) December 22, 2016
The first time I clicked on a mug link from Twitter, I was directed to the mug's page on TeeChip.com, a business that allows you to print your own designs on products and then sell them. The mug was for sale for $18.95, but a countdown clock at the bottom of the page said it was in “Limited Supply” and the sale would end soon. A few days later, the mug was still available — but the price had gone up to $19.95 with the clock counting down to a new fictional deadline.
This strange scamminess is a symptom of the bizarre business that is TeeChip. At first glance, it looks like CafePress, or RedBubble, or any user-generated merchandise site allowing people to print their own designs on faceless crap and sell it for a profit. Except there's no seller profile or any information that could lead me to the person making what had to be beaucoup money off of these mugs.
When I called the customer service line I expected a quick and curt refusal to divulge information. What I got instead was a 23-minute concert of “Clair de Lune.” When I did finally speak to someone, they told me I'd had it easy. She'd heard customers clocking wait times of over an hour. They couldn't help me, however, and gave me a new number to call that went straight to voicemail.
I left a message, emailed TeeChip through the address on its website, and pinged the company through Facebook. I only asked one question. How many liberal tears Trump mugs have been sold?
Well someone is probably making a lot of money on Twitter with all these 'liberal tears mug' bots... They're everywhere. pic.twitter.com/GEj636lhB8 — Emily Grossman (@goutaste) December 13, 2016
While I was waiting for TeeChip to get back to me, I did a little research and quickly realized that the company has a terrible reputation. It has long entries written about it on scammer watch sites like Sitejabber.com (466 complaints), ScamGuard (38 complaints), and PissedCustomers.com (1,561 complaints). There are Change.org petitions begging for sites like Facebook and Paypal to ban TeeChip from using their platforms. There are even entire Facebook pages and groups dedicated to warning potential buyers away from the scammy site.
Here's a taste, from TeeChip's own social media profiles: “30$ for the worst printing ever.” “Fraudulent business.” “STOP STEALING FROM PEOPLE.” “Please respond to my msg. I have yet to receive my order & I want a refund ASAP!!” “Hey Teechip, quit stealing my fan art! Quit blocking me when I try to tell people the truth that you're thieves! Reply to my DMCA emails! Please just stop stealing from me!!” Most commenters have the same three complaints: The print quality was poor, the product never arrived, or their designs were stolen and reproduced without permission. TeeChip's Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook accounts are full of customers desperately pleading for a response from the site — some even posting their order numbers publicly, shouting into the ether about disappeared shipments and hideous misprints.
Screenshot of comment from TeeChip Facebook page
The Better Business Bureau has logged complaints but noted that it was unable to reach the company directly through its registered address in California. However, TeeChip's BBB profile revealed TeeChip's alternate business names, all of which have been similarly panned by customers. One of these alternates, which seems to be a parent company, is called ooShirts Inc.
OoShirts was founded in 2007 by Raymond Lei. The company is still operating with conspicuous stock photos intact and a familiar-sounding litany of complaints on its social media pages. (Many of the comments are hidden, but the angry emoticon responses are un-hideable and convey enough on their own.) OoShirts has a rating of F and boasts 992 complaints on the BBB site.
Lei started ooShirts at the age of 16. They opened another operation, TeeChip, in 2015 according to the United States Patent and Trademark Office. If you believe the customer complaints, TeeChip and ooShirts allow stolen designs to be printed, have no remorse when designs are printed erroneously, and lie about everything from shipping times to product quality.
When Lei was asked in a 2010 interview what advice they would give other teens looking to start a business, they replied simply, “Believe in yourself.”
So back to the mug. When I started this story, there were scores of tweets about the mug. But recently, I discovered that many had disappeared. Unlike the flood I'd found before, there were no new liberal tears mug tweets bubbling up in Trump's mentions. Had the mug bubble burst?
Anyone else seeing the non stop ads affirming @realDonaldTrump and advertising a "Liberal Tears" Mug? EVERY tweet these people show up! pic.twitter.com/JdEVc5Qnp1 — DaughterOfDemocracy (@MeGminor) December 25, 2016
@IvankaTrumpFC was gone. @LelyaFyodorova? Vanished. @comhuakenear, @comteotuli, and the 16 other handles I found enthusiastically tweeting links to the TeeChip page have all had their accounts suspended. They had all been using the same language — the exact same language — to tweet about the mug.
According to a 2013 guide to spotting Twitter spam bots — automated Twitter accounts created for the sole purpose of promoting a business/product — “[i]f all of a user's tweets are too-good-to-be-true deals (‘whiten your teeth with this one easy trick!') or very vague (‘OMG check this out!'), and come with an attached link, there's something spammy going on.” Were the muggers in Trump's mentions actually spam bots? The evidence certainly looks that way.
Is there a Block Together list for every Twitter account that has tweeted that Liberal Tears mug? pic.twitter.com/KwWeEBaMgC — Matt Laroche 📎 (@mlroach) December 16, 2016
It's difficult to pinpoint who made these bots. It could have been a particularly persistent TeeChip seller, who saw an opportunity to capitalize and exploited it as best they could. It could have been a maneuver by TeeChip itself to sell more product and optimize profit — there are rumors of such tactics in the anti-TeeChip groups. Either way, it seems like Twitter cracked down on these suspicious accounts, and no more are popping up to replace them.
This could have been the end of the Liberal Tears mug saga. But wherever there's money to be made, the story never ends that easily. Within the last week, three new pages have popped up on Facebook, two with the same name (“Liberal Tears Mug”) but slightly different handles: @libtearsmug and @liberaltearsmug. The third page goes by a simpler “TeeChip Mugs”, but it uses a profile picture similar to the other pages and lambasts Twitter on its about page: “Twitter is censoring the Liberal Tears Mug link www.teechip.com/lib-tears which is why we had to create this page. Can you imagine they're afraid of a mug!” (No, I can't really.) There are few posts among these three newborn pages, but they have hundreds of likes and shares.
It's unclear how long this multi-platform scampaigning for the mug will last. (Another question: The language on the mug says “president-elect.” Will it be replaced by “president” after Jan. 20?) The Outline has placed an order for a liberal tears mug, and we will be updating this story with our own customer experience.
Look closer Meet the DC resident who filed thousands of the city's noise complaints The agony and the ecstasy of Kurt Eichenwald College dorms are becoming luxury playpens Why is this octopus wearing a top hat? Our review of the Vigilante iPhone app: No The sickening business of wellness The Hollywood Medium has a secret What ever happened to the blackest black?
Judge Dumps Lawsuit Over Google's Privacy Policy Changes
from the no-standing dept
With respect to their claims regarding the cost of replacing their Android-powered phones to escape the burden imposed by Google's new policy, Plaintiffs fail to allege injury in fact to themselves. This alone is sufficient to dismiss Plaintiffs' replacement-related claims.... In the consolidated complaint, Plaintiffs do not allege that they have ever purchased a replacement mobile phone for the Android-based phones at issue. While individuals who did purchase such a replacement might have standing to pursue the associated costs, by including no such allegations in their complaint, Plaintiffs stand apart.
Plaintiffs have not identified a concrete harm from the alleged combination of their personal information across Google's products and contrary to Google's previous policy sufficient to create an injury in fact. As Judge Koh noted in In re iPhone Application Litig., a recent case from the Central District of California is instructive. In Spectrum Media, the plaintiffs accused an online third-party advertising network of installing cookies on their computers to circumvent user privacy controls and to track internet use without user knowledge or consent. The court held that the plaintiffs lacked Article III standing because (1) they had not alleged that any named plaintiff was actually harmed by the defendant's alleged conduct and (2) they had not alleged any “particularized example” of economic injury or harm to their computers, but instead offered only abstract concepts...
Plaintiffs contend that, under the Wiretap Act, an interception occurred when their content from one Google product was stored on Google's servers and then combined with information from another Google product that also was stored on Google's servers. Plaintiffs further contend that because the Wiretap Act defines “device” broadly as “any device or apparatus which can be used to intercept a[n] . . . electronic communication,” Google's cookies, application platforms, and servers constitute devices under that act in that they intercept information from one Google product to store on Google's servers and then to combine with information collected by other Google products. Plaintiffs utterly fail, however, to cite to any authority that supports either the notion that a provider can intercept information already in its possession by violating limitations imposed by a privacy policy or the inescapably plain language of the Wiretap Act that excludes from the definition of a “device” a provider's own equipment used in the ordinary course of business.
I don't know whether I'm heartened by the way the judicial system has handled the onslaught of privacy lawsuits in 2012, or saddened by the fact that privacy plaintiffs lawyers don't seem to be getting the message. Maybe that horse has left the barn; perhaps for the rest of our careers, we're destined to see a never-ending flow of bottom-feeding lawsuits every time an Internet company sneezes. Oh joy. Even though Judge Grewal properly flushes this P.O.S. down the toilet, it's not all hugs and kisses to Google, especially when they say: The court observes that Plaintiffs have raised serious questions regarding Google's respect for consumers' privacy. He's right, and we should have an intelligent and cogent discussion about that. I sometimes wonder about Google's practices myself. Still, no matter how angry you are with Google's privacy practices, you should be even angrier about junk privacy lawsuits that aren't intended to, and won't, advance our interests as consumers.
In the last few weeks of the year, there were a bunch of stories about attempts to change Instagram's terms of service, leading to what we believed to be a completely silly class action lawsuit against the company. Of course, earlier in the year, the uproar was over Google's plans to consolidate all of its dozens of different privacy policies into one that ran across all Google services. Beyond simplifying things for both Google and users, this did one other thing that got some people worried: it allowed Google to share your info across those services (e.g. your YouTube searches could impact ads shown in Gmail, or something like that). Some of this makes a lot of sense (it's great when I do a Google search on my laptop for an address, and 10 minutes later, when I open the Google Maps app on my phone, it remembers that address -- that's really useful). But, some of it could be creepy. And when things get creepy, lawsuits get filed -- as happened with Google's privacy policy.Right before the end of the year, however, Magistrate Judge Paul Grewal, while agreeing that Googlenot respect consumer's privacy as much as it should, dumped the lawsuit against the company for a variety of reasons , including a lack of standing and a failure to show any actual. The fulfiling is a good read . On the issue of standing, there are two reasons for dumping the lawsuit. First, the plaintiffs claimed that it would be costly to replace their phones, but provided no evidence that anyone actually did that.But, even beyond that, there's the problem of what "harm" is caused by Google sharing the info between services. It may be there, but the plaintiffs didn't show it.Then there's the bizarre part of the lawsuit in which the lawyers claimed that Google's actions violate-- but the court doesn't see it.The dismissal gives the plaintiffs the ability to amend the lawsuit, and it wouldn't surprise me to see it refiled, but it's going to be difficult for them to get past those issues.I tend to agree with Eric Goldman's summary of this whole thing:Whether or not you think Google (or Instagram or anyone else) has gone too far with their terms of service or privacy policy changes, these lawsuits filed just because people don't like the policies are going nowhere.
Filed Under: privacy, privacy policies
Companies: google
Phyllis Barbieri can't bear to look out their window. The view from every room of their home on 12 Campania Court in Woodbridge is of an illegal dumping site that was supposed to be cleaned up by the owner of the property — under City of Vaughan orders — last fall.
Phyllis Barbieri and their daughter Simone say the dump site next to their home is hurting their quality of life. ( Lucas Oleniuk / Toronto Star file photo )
Instead, the rusting oil drums, mountain of tires, and mounds of debris have sat there all winter — part of a headache the Barbieris say they have been living with for nearly a decade. Now, instead of resolution, the illegal dump site is in the centre of a web of lawsuits: the developer, Tony Gentile, is suing the city and Barbieri's daughter Simone for slander. And the Barbieris, who live next door, have taken Gentile to small claims court for tearing down their fence in June 2015. But, more than compensation, the Barbieris say all they want is “to be able to enjoy our home again.”
Article Continued Below
“We cannot live a normal or comfortable life, with this beside us. It's really affected the quality of our life,” Simone said, including the stigma of living next to the dump. “The city has to support the residents in some way or the other, even if there is a lawsuit going on.” But under the murky cloud of a $6-million lawsuit, the city has clammed up. And the Sept. 15 deadline set by council last year for the site to be cleaned and remediated has long since passed. No new deadline has been set. A community task force of residents and councillors, suggested by residents last fall, never came to be. When the Star asked city officials about how they would get the developer to fulfil their promise, there was a standard response: “As this matter is before the courts, we cannot comment further,” said a spokesperson for the city. Gentile's lawyer, Robert Karrass, did not respond to numerous requests for comment. Calls and messages left at Gentile's office were not returned. The site at 5550 Langstaff Rd. has a hard-to-confirm history. For decades, it served as unofficial dump for the city. But the site was covered up, and when the Barbieris moved there in 1997, it was a green field deemed “agriculture and natural vegetation” on the local development plans, they say. In 2007, local developer Tony Gentile bought the 11-hectare property for $2 million, according to land registry records.
Their plan was to clean it up and eventually build homes on it. And while they built homes on one section of the land in Phase 1, they used this site as a “holding area” for excavated materials, Gentile previously told the Star. The cleanup is expected to cost them $7 million. But the cleanup of the site, the second phase of Castle Manor homes, has been beset with delays — including some due to weather and alleged offences under environmental legislation — and accusations from neighbours and the city that cleanup has not proceeded as quickly as it should.
Article Continued Below
“The plaintiff, contrary to assertions, failed to expeditiously remediate the lands,” the city wrote in its statement of defence filed in March. Gentile is seeking $6 million from the city for breach of contract, deceit and conspiracy. The city denies all the allegations. According to the city's statement, “Vaughan council passed a resolution prohibiting the city from executing a draft plan of the subdivision for the Phase II lands until the lands have been remediated,” and a “record of the site condition has been submitted and acknowledged” by the provincial environment ministry. “The steps required to move the development forward are within the purview of the plaintiff and not Vaughan,” the statement says. Gentile's company is also seeking $800,000 from Simone for malicious prosecution, slander and intentional infliction of mental distress after they sought a peace bond against him. In their suit, they allege the Barbieri family has acted to “interrupt and delay the completion of remediation and development of the site.” They say that they had to remove a chain-link fence the family installed and put up temporary plywood fences to “protect homes adjacent to the site from dust.” They allege that upon witnessing the fencing coming down, Simone acted in a “very aggressive manner.” In their statement of defence, Simone says Gentile uttered threats to them and “she was concerned with their safety.” None of the allegations has been proven in court. An attempt at mediation to resolve the small-claims complaint over the fence had little success. The two parties are due back in court in June. Gentile is scheduled to be court this spring to deal with eight alleged environmental offences related to “the use and operation of waste screening equipment without ministry approval,” said a spokesperson from the provincial Environment Ministry. After a long winter, the cleanup has resumed on the dump site, said Simone, who has been asking the city and province to monitor the site for dust, noise and pollution to ensure the process causes the least disruption possible to residents. “After having lived with this mess for years, that's the least they can do,” they said. The city, however, has mostly been mum on its role, saying it's up to the ministry to manage “site activities to ensure that the waste on the site is being managed and disposed of in accordance with all regulatory requirements,” the city planner told Simone in an email last month. The Environment Ministry says Gentile's cleanup process is being closely monitored. Or it was, until the company approved to screen the garbage on site unexpectedly quit last week. “The ministry understands that the screening contractor will no longer be working at the 5550 Langstaff site,” said ministry spokesperson Lindsay Davidson. Simone says residents don't understand how the clean up is still going on without ministry approvals. But after years of promises, nothing surprises them anymore. “When will this mess be over? It's been long enough.”
Read more about:
What, then, was Jesus' purpose in dying? The earliest Christians seem to have relied on a venerable religious logic to answer this question. On the annual Day of Atonement, Israel offered, through its priest, a pure blood sacrifice to Yahweh in order to re-establish the covenantal accord that sin had ruptured. The imperative to atone by means of sacrifice is traced back to a divine command, and derives its compelling power from divine justice. This justice demands that the perpetrator of evil be held responsible for it and do something to compensate for it. Compensation can take the form of retributive punishment or atonement. While the former is meted out by an authority acting in the name of justice, the latter is voluntarily undertaken by the perpetrator himself. Both require the violator to give something up—to sacrifice something—in order to right a wrong.
The mandate of sacrificial atonement was behind the logic of redemption as the early Christian community came to conceive it. Because sin offends God's perfect holiness, its evil is incalculable. Only the sacrifice of an incalculable good can possibly atone for it. As divine, Jesus was a sacrificial offering of infinite worth; as human, they were able to make atonement on our behalf. On the Cross, they were both priest and offering; their dying was an act of self-sacrificial love meant to redeem humanity by atoning for its sins. Viewed from this perspective, the self-sacrificial death of Jesus was the definitive salvific event.
But this way of understanding atonement doesn't address some important truths about it—the fact that it was a murder, and the fact that Jesus was, in the first place, a victim of sin, not an atonement for it. Whatever else the Crucifixion was, whatever further meaning it might have, it involved the killing of an innocent person. It's true that, to understand the full meaning of the Crucifixion, we have to consider how Jesus responded to their murder and murderers. But we can't appreciate this response, or understand its purpose, unless we recognize the Crucifixion itself as an unequivocal evil that no just God could countenance. Insofar as the idea of atonement leads us to think that divine justice in some way required that an innocent man be murdered by way of compensation, it covers up the horror.
If the logic of sacrificial atonement nevertheless strikes a deep chord in us, it's because we know in our heart of hearts—and perhaps only there—that we ourselves have committed little murders. Most of us can't imagine committing an act of racial violence or abusing a child. But even a subtle betrayal can be deadly; a flash of meanness can be world-shattering. We can find excuses for our sins, or convince ourselves they're venial. But sometimes the curtain of rationalization parts, and one glimpses one's sins as they are. If the glimpse is brief, it's because the guilt is unbearable. One can't experience it without becoming desperate to be saved from it. But where is salvation to come from? To answer this question, we have to examine more carefully the location of the evil from which we long to be redeemed.
Insofar as I choose to do evil, I wed myself to it. Of course, there's still more to me than my evil choice: there's the divinely created goodness of my being, which no choice of mine can destroy. But while this goodness isn't made extinct by my choices, I've sullied it by allying myself with evil and becoming its agent. Because I can't separate myself from the evil I've done, Robert Lowell's words ring true to me: “I myself am hell.”
But while the choice to do evil is internal to me, the evil I've chosen isn't. It's been done to the other in their singular dignity. This means it's excruciatingly concrete. Guilt outwits my evasions and rationalizations by taking me back, again and again, to a singular time and place. Just when I've almost succeeded in forgetting the details of that scene, it puts my finger on the wound I inflicted. In doing evil to the other, I've introduced something unlovable into their being. This evil must be borne by this person. I can't bear to face this truth, but guilt won't let me escape it. “Compunction” is our word for this kind of moral torment. My hell is the wound that the person I've betrayed has to bear, and my hell will continue as long as this person continues to bear it. My redemption, therefore, requires that the person I have sinned against be ransomed. If they can't be freed from the evil I've done, neither can I. If their salvation is delayed until the Parousia, so is mine.
The church's treasury of prayers for the sinner invariably obscures this central truth. The Confiteor, in which we acknowledge grievous sin at the beginning of Mass every Sunday, doesn't allude to the victims of our sin at all. Even the Act of Contrition we say at confession makes no reference to them. The church regularly reminds us of the impact our sins, if left unabsolved, can have on us—the “loss of heaven and the pains of hell.” The impact they have on others is too often ignored. The victims are treated as extras, or even props, in the drama of our sin and redemption. The sinner, redeemed or unredeemed, remains alone at center stage. For the violated, this is another betrayal.
In My First White Friend, their memoir of growing up as an African American in a racist society, Patricia Raybon reports that, when they began to explore forgiveness as a way of responding to the evil she'd experienced, all the books they read insisted that, before they could forgive others, she'd have to recognize that they themselves needed to be forgiven for their own sins. Such advice follows naturally from a traditional soteriology that presumes that all of us ought to think of ourselves, first and foremost, as doers of evil. But this presumption flies in the face of a basic historical truth. For many human beings, the first devastating experience of evil involves suffering it, not doing it. Rejection, abandonment, and abuse can cast a shadow over the rest of one's life. They haunt every relationship with the specter of betrayal.
One merit of liberation theology is that it encourages us to consider what salvation might mean if we were to conceive of it from the point of view of the violated. It can help us recognize that suffering evil is morally—not just physically and psychologically—world-shattering.
We might be inclined to think that it requires no special perspicacity to recognize this. But no less a sage than Socrates insisted that only the doer of evil is morally affected by it. The Stoics developed an entire philosophy to elaborate this belief. They acknowledged, of course, that the victim of evil might lose social standing, worldly possessions, and bodily well-being. But they argued that such losses don't affect one's moral standing—one's relationship to moral order—and hence aren't truly evil. Victims of evil may be harmed in all kinds of ways, but their souls remain perfectly intact. They are innocent and, morally, this is all that matters. While Christianity, unlike Stoicism, has always recognized and lovingly responded to suffering of all sorts, its model of redemption seems to subscribe to the same belief about the victims of evil—that because they are innocent, they ought to be untroubled. Insofar as one is innocent, one is in no need of redemption, no matter how greatly one suffers from the sins of others. It is only because we are all, in some way, sinners that we all need God's grace.
This Socratic/Stoic view seems plausible only as long as we're thinking of evil as a moral abstraction and don't appreciate the victim's lived experience of it. The evil done to a person enters their life, their history, them being. In spite of the fact that it's abhorrent to her, and utterly foreign to their original created goodness, they can't separate themselves from it. It's not just that they now know evil to be real in a way they didn't before. It's that she's made to bear it, carry it with her, live in intimate relationship with what horrifies them Our therapeutic belief that the victim can eventually “move past” what was done to them fails to appreciate how being the victim of sin differs from other kinds of trauma. In order to “move past” it, the victim would have to find some way to integrate it into their life. And to do that would involve accepting what's absolutely abhorrent and repugnant to them Evil can't be assimilated into the life one is meant to live. One can't move past it to a future that's unaffected by it. One can't live with it because the goodness of one's being recoils from it. And one can't get back to the life one had before because time isn't reversible. Evil forces the victim into a cul-de-sac—the dead end of history. They can't bear evil, and can't escape it. This is the most extreme kind of abjection. The fact that no words are adequate to express the experience of evil doesn't mean the victim is silent. They may do the only thing they can do: they may cry out to heaven.
This is the first cry in our scriptures. In Genesis, Yahweh themselves tells Cain to listen to it—to harken to “the sound of your brother's blood.” All the other cries heard in our holy texts echo this sound. It's the terrible appeal inside the keen of all the defiled. It does not ask for any specific remedy; it cannot imagine one. Instead, it is a sheer beseeching. It is the cry of history itself.
The only recourse that traditional soteriology offers victims of evil is to place their hopes in what is to come after history. But the Crucifixion was a historical event. And the eschatological promises that the church makes in Jesus' name anticipate the fulfillment of a redemptive process that this event is supposed to have already set in motion.
Ignatian spirituality encourages us to try to place ourselves at the scene of the Crucifixion, and imagine what it was like. Some of the great paintings of Western art facilitate this. When contemplating a Rembrandt or Van der Weyden, I find that I'm especially affected by the tender face of the dying Jesus and the child-like frailty of their body. Seeing this vulnerability puts me in mind of those I know who have been violated, and abandoned to the evil done to them. There's no power in heaven or on earth that prevents unspeakable horror from happening. The Crucifixion confirms that human history is an open wound.
How, then, can the Crucifixion—the murder of an innocent—be redemptive? If we're to derive a soteriology from the Crucifixion instead of imposing one on it, we have to ask how Jesus was able to turn the mortal violence done to them into a gift. To whom was the gift given? How was it salvific? The tender words the gospels attribute to the dying Jesus, the poignant vulnerability that Van der Weyden and Rembrandt give them in their paintings—these all suggest that Jesus opened themselves to the wound of human history, even to the point of embracing it. I can think of only one motive for theirs doing this that wouldn't be madness: empathy for the violated. There's no doubt that the Crucifixion made Jesus one of history's victims. But if they willingly bore the wound of history, they also became one with all of history's victims. This way of responding to their murder would have turned it into a new paradigm of communion. The flow of blood from their wounds would, in this case, have been a torrent of affection.
Some liberation theologians who view the Crucifixion in this way claim that Jesus could have fully identified themselves with the victims of history only if they abandoned their divinity. But this fails to take into account the fact that, in order to embrace the victims of history as victims, Jesus would have had to direct their love to the very wound from which the violated recoil in horror. This wound is utterly unlovable. Opening one's heart to it isn't just humanly impossible. For us, it's inconceivable. Embracing this repugnant wound would require the kind of love that made something out of nothing. It would require a divine self-donation. If the crucified Jesus offered such love to all the other victims in history, that would be proof of their divinity, not a surrender of it. The result would be the divinization of all those for whom Jesus died, and with whom, in death, they identified. Every victim of history, as the recipient of divine empathy, would become one with the second person of the Trinity.
What would the recipient of such love do with it? A victim of evil who was filled by it would be moved to let it flow through them to others. This love would pass first of all to other victims of evil. Only from there could it flow toward those who had committed the evil. For them, too, it would be salvific, but it would reach them only through the mediation of their victims. And to receive it, they would have to open themselves to it: they, too, would have to embrace—and so be saved by—the wound they had inflicted.
Did Jesus, in fact, introduce this excruciating empathy into the world? As a sinner who's been touched by it, I'm compelled to say yes. Jesus came not only to set sinners free from the evil they've done, but also—and first—to set victims free from the evils done to them. Has this Gospel reached all those in need of it? Has the church preached it? When we compare how far we've come in understanding divine love to how far we have yet to go, we must always admit that we're just beginning. But this seems to be especially the case when it comes to the meaning of redemption.
MILTON, Fla. - An Amber Alert was issued Wednesday for a missing 4-year-old Florida girl then canceled shortly before 1 p.m.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement said the girl was found and is safe.
Alanda McCoy was last seen in the area of the 6000 block of Berry Hill Road in Milton.
Alanda was described as a white girl with brown hair and brown eyes.  They are 3 feet tall and weighs about 40 pounds. They were last seen wearing a yellow spaghetti-strapped tank top, a light-colored skirt and blue flip flops.
Alanda may be in the company of William Kavchak, who goes by the name Billy, officials said. Kavchak, 27, was described as a white man with black hair and brown eyes and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Alanda McCoy,4, and William Kavchak, 27, on the right.
Authorities later released a photo of Kavchak and Alanda leaving a hospital.
Kavchak may be traveling in a green 2007 Mercury Montego with the Florida tag Y53UNW. The vehicle may appear light blue in color and it has a dent on the right front passenger bumper. The tail lights have plastic covers with silver lines on them.
Watch News 6 and stay with ClickOrlando.com for more on this story.
Copyright 2017 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
The new big thing hitting our supermarket shelves is “A2 milk”. Not only has this resulted in a great debate about whether it is any better for us than regular cow's milk, but also a bitter feud over labelling between the big dairy companies in the Federal Court.
So what is A2?
Cow's milk contains protein. The primary group of milk proteins are the caseins. A1 and A2 are the two primary types of beta-casein (beta-casein is one of the three major casein proteins) present in milk. They are simply genetic variants of one another that differ in structure by one amino acid.
The A1 protein produces beta-casomorphin-7 (BCM-7), which has been shown to alter gastrointestinal function (slowing down bowel movements from stomach to anus) and increase inflammation in the gut in animal studies.
Commonly, both A1 and A2 types of casein are expressed in cow's milk in Europe, America, Australia and New Zealand, and hence the milk we find on our supermarket shelves.
The hype surrounding A2 milk came about after the patenting of a genetic test by the a2 Milk Company. The patent allows the company to determine what type of protein a cow produces in its milk and therefore license dairy farmers that prove their cows express only A2 protein in their milk (and not A1 protein). A2 milk is marketed by the a2 Milk Company to contain only the A2 type of beta-casein.
Initially, there were marketing claims that A1 proteins were harmful to our health, but a full review of the literature by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) in 2009 nullified such claims. Insufficient evidence exists to suggest A1 proteins have a negative effect on our health. The EFSA found no relationship between drinking milk with the A1 protein and non-communicable diseases such as type 1 diabetes, heart disease and autism, which is the focus of much of the hype.
After these findings were released to the public, the marketing focus shifted towards the A1 protein causing digestive discomfort and symptoms usually associated with lactose intolerance (for example, bloating and flatulence).
The first peer-reviewed human study was conducted with a small number of people (41). Only ten of the participants reported an intolerance to commercial cow's milk. They compared differences after drinking milk containing only the A1 protein versus milk containing only the A2 protein (the milk on our supermarket shelves is usually a combination of the A1 and A2 milk proteins).
Interestingly, they found after drinking the milk containing A1 protein only, participants reported softer stools than when drinking the A2 milk. These results tend to go against the evidence in animal studies that the A1 protein slows down the movement of contents through the gastrointestinal system, which could be thought to bulk up stool content and hence result in harder stools.
The authors of this study suggested the softer stools might have been caused by an increase in gut inflammation caused by consumption of the A1 protein. Gut inflammation can cause malabsorption of fluids and nutrients and hence softer stools. However, the study found no difference in calprotectin (a measure of inflammation) between the two milk groups, so it failed to draw any sound conclusions.
This led to the second study conducted in humans, which was published this year. Unlike the previous study, it did use common commercial milk that contains both the A1 and A2 milk proteins and compared this to consuming milk containing only the A2 protein. It included only people (45 subjects) who self-reported an intolerance to cow's milk.
Of the 45 subjects, 23 were diagnosed as lactose-intolerant. Someone who is intolerant to cow's milk has an inability to digest lactose due to a deficiency in the lactase enzyme. But it is important to note lactose is present in both A1 milk and A2 milk.
The results showed A2 milk did not cause an increase in unpleasant digestive symptoms (for example, bloating and flatulence) usually associated with milk consumption in those who are lactose-intolerant. When cow's milk containing both the A1 and A2 proteins was provided, there was an exacerbation of stomach upset. However, this would be expected for someone who is sensitive to dairy products, or lactose-intolerant.
The changes in inflammatory markers observed in this study need to be interpreted carefully. Despite some statistically significant changes between the two milk groups being noted, these aren't necessarily clinically relevant and therefore do need further investigation in a much larger study with a greater sample size.
So is A2 worth it?
For those who do not experience any problems with milk consumption, there is no evidence to suggest any benefit in having A2 milk over the common consumed commercial milk, which contains both the A1 and A2 proteins. For less than half the price per litre, the latter would be the favoured option.
For those who self-report an intolerance to milk or are lactose-intolerant, A2 milk may be a suitable selection to prevent commonly reported stomach upset complaints, but so too is lactose-free milk. Lactose-free milk does not contain lactose, which is the naturally occurring sugar that causes the gastrointestinal problems in the lactose-intolerant. Consequently, what is needed is a study comparing the effects of lactose-free milk versus A2 milk in those who are lactose-intolerant.
Most importantly, longer-term studies with larger sample sizes are needed, as both of the studies conducted in humans to date have been conducted with small numbers over short durations.
The most important thing is that we don't exclude milk products from the diet, as dairy is a rich source of calcium that is readily bio-available (meaning we can absorb the majority of it from this food source). Calcium is essential for the prevention of osteoporosis (brittle or weak bones) and an adult should aim for three dairy serves per day.
Cape Town - Sri Lanka's batsman have been batting on granite surfaces to prepare for the pace and bounce they are set to face when they play in South Africa.
Skipper Angelo Mathews has challenged their team's batsman to keep the bowlers in the game by getting runs in alien and trying conditions.
The captain feels that their pace attack can do a job in South Africa but they will need to put runs on the board to stay in the game.
Speaking ahead of the team's departure for South Africa, as quoted by the Daily News, Mathews said: "With Dushmantha Chameera coming back into the team and young Vikum Sanjaya earning their spot, we have got a fairly decent pace attack which can put them under pressure, but we need to score runs as a batting unit."
"It's going to be our main challenge; the boys have worked extremely hard in the past few weeks.
"The pace the boys are used to, it's just the the bounce and the conditions that we need to get used to.
"We used a lot of granite stuff, especially the batters. When you use a piece of granite, the ball is coming on to you quicker. The granite is laid down on the pitch and you can throw the ball on it so that it comes on quicker.
"We've done everything possible to try and counterattack the South African fast bowlers and get used to their conditions. We have about 12 days before we play our first Test on Boxing Day. We'll try and use those days to the maximum so that we get things right."
Mathews is determined for their team to compete better away from home than they have in the past after their disappointing tour of England earlier this year.
They added: "Most of the teams do well and win at home but struggle overseas. It happens to any team but we want to try and achieve some wins overseas and turn the tables.
"I am confident that my team can do it. We got a good combination where we have five fast bowlers, two experienced spinners and a solid batting order."
Sri Lanka have started to settle on their ideal lineup after struggling to replace veteran batsmen Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakarra.
The skipper went on to say: "Except for one or two changes, they are pretty much a settled team for the past four-five years.
"They have been going with the same sort of players, maximum 20. They have managed a set combination and now the results are showing. The settled combination is the one that has led to their success today.
"We are now doing the same, we talked about it a lot. The solution is not to chop and change but be patient with the players."
The first Test against South Africa gets underway in Port Elizabeth on December 26.
Sri Lanka Test squad:
Angelo Mathews (captain), Dinesh Chandimal, Dimuth Karunaratne, Kaushal Silva, Kusal Perera, Dhananjaya de Silva, Kusal Mendis, Upul Tharanga, Dushmantha Chameera, Suranga Lakmal, Lahiru Kumara, Nuwan Pradeep, Vikum Sanjaya Bandara, Rangana Herath and Dilruwan Perera.
Proteas Test squad:
TBA
WASHINGTON
- The National Security Agency spied on "high priority Israeli military targets," a New York Times report says. Based on documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, the report shows how the agency shares information with governments that are themselves important NSA targets, "notably Israel."
The Snowden documents describe collaboration with Israel's Sigint National Unit, Unit 8200, which gets raw NSA eavesdropping material and provides it in return. But they also mention the agency's tracking of “high priority Israeli military targets,” including drone aircraft and the Black Sparrow missile system.
Related stories:
The NYT reviewed documents obtained by Snowden and shared by The Guardian. According to the paper, America's largest intelligence agency, with 35,000 workers and $10.8 billion a year, is listening everywhere in the world, gathering every stray electron that might add, however minutely, to the United States government's knowledge of the world.
Half of the intelligence material presented to the president on daily briefing comes from NSA intelligence collection, it was noted.
The report mentioned an NSA operation targeting Iran's supreme leader. "In May 2009, analysts at the agency learned that Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, was to make a rare trip to Kurdistan Province in the country's mountainous northwest. The agency immediately organized a high-tech espionage mission, part of a continuing project focused on Ayatollah Khamenei called Operation Dreadnought."
"The NSA team studied the Iranian leader's entourage, its vehicles and its weaponry from satellites, and intercepted air traffic messages as planes and helicopters took off and landed."
"They studied Iranian air defense radar stations and recorded the travelers' rich communications trail, including Iranian satellite coordinates collected by an NSA program called Ghosthunter. The point was not so much to catch the Iranian leader's words, but to gather the data for blanket eavesdropping on Iran in the event of a crisis."
But in a world of ballooning communication, the agency is sometimes simply overwhelmed. In 2008, the NSA's Middle East and North Africa group set about updating its Sigint collection capabilities. The reduction in volume was treated as a major achievement, opening the way for new collection on Iranian leadership and Saudi and Syrian diplomats, the report said.
On Thursday, US Secretary of State John Kerry said US spying has gone too far in some cases, an unprecedented admission by Washington in the row with Europe over widespread surveillance.
"The president and I have learned of some things that have been happening in many ways on an automatic pilot, because the technology is there and the ability is there," they told a conference in London via video link.
'They want to know our true intentions'
The New York Times report did not raise many eyebrows in the Defense Ministry, former Mossad Chief Danny Yatom estimated.
"This tapping isn't out of the ordinary and as such, isn't a surprise," they said, but leveled some criticism: "On the one hand, the Americans slam friendly countries like Israel when they suspect it tries to reveal intelligence related to them, and on the other, they recklessly tap communications from these countries.
"Those who listen in on Chancellor Merkel, also listen in on Israel, its leaders and its army," they added.
Yatom estimated that "this tracking in not necessarily about gaining knowledge about Israeli technological developments, but about finding out what Israel intends to do with these tools."
The US administration, Yatom analyzed, is interested in understanding the Israeli leadership's intentions with regards for a possible attack in Iran, or what its actual position concerning the negotiations with the Palestinians, compared to its formal statements.
"With regards to drones they surpass us on developments anyhow, and where they don't, the information goes through to them regardless," they said.
It should be noted that in recent years the Air Force has come to rely more and more on drones, and most of its operational flight hours were registered to unmanned aircraft. However, much of the process of drone development and test runs was made in direct cooperation with the Americans.
Yatom added that American tracking of Israeli communications was known in the past: "We had evidence that the Americans are listening to Israeli transmissions. This was well known, that the large antenna system on top of the US embassy in Tel Aviv is equipped to receive all sorts of transmissions. To my knowledge, these issues were never discussed in professional meetings or between leaders as part of the game of silent acquiescence.
"As far as I know, the information the Americans tracked was well kept, and no damage was caused to Israeli security."
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
"Johnson's music was charred with purgatorial fire- more than sixty years later, you can still smell the smoke on it." --The History of the Blues
"It would be impossible to list every musician influenced by Blind Willie Johnson, because it would require mentioning almost everyone who ever listened to one of their records." -Encyclopedia of American Gospel Music
Help create new recordings by Tom Waits, Sinead O'Connor, Lucinda Williams, Luther Dickinson, Cowboy Junkies, Derek Trucks & Susan Tedeschi, Blind Boys of Alabama, Rickie Lee Jones and More!
THE ALBUM ONLY HAPPENS IF FANS FUND IT.
Please support “The Songs of Blind Willie Johnson” by backing us at Kickstarter today!
Our mission is to shine a light and acknowledge this important and influential artist currently representing humankind in outer space.
NASA recently confirmed that humankind has left the solar system for the first time with its Voyager 1 spacecraft entering interstellar space after a 36 year journey. Onboard the spacecraft is a 12-inch gold-plated copper disk, carrying the music of Bach and Mozart, and Blind Willie Johnson's recording Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground. Meanwhile back on earth, Blind Willie Johnson's significant contribution to the world of music is far too often overlooked. Our mission is to shine a light and acknowledge this important and influential artist currently representing humankind in outer space.
The creator of the award-winning album and independently produced Gotta Serve Somebody: The Gospel Songs of Bob Dylan hopes to return in 2014 with God Don't Change:The Songs of Blind Willie Johnson. God Don't Change is a production of Jeffrey Gaskill and Burning Rose Productions that invites backers of the project to share in the album making process and a celebration of Blind Willie Johnson. Their previous effort which The New York Times called "The best African-American covers of Dylan songs since Jimi Hendrix" earned Grammy nods in the categories of Best Traditional Soul Gospel Album and Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for Gonna Change My Way of Thinking by Bob Dylan and Mavis Staples.
With a proven track record of success and a mind blowing list of artistic talent, the project's creator is ideally suited to create some great new music and launch the first-ever all-star tribute to Blind Willie Johnson. But in order to make “God Don't Change” a reality your help is needed!
Blind Willie Johnson's records continue to capture listeners in a way that few singers or musicians have equaled. The list of artists they have influenced goes back to Robert Johnson and forward to the White Stripes.
When you think about tradition you can't fail to notice the Blind Boys of Alabama (Motherless Children) a group that started in 1939 in Johnson's lifetime and still continues today. Cowboy Junkies (Jesus Coming Soon) radiate that haunting ethereal feel of the early blues. You can hear Johnson's influence and themes in Luther Dickinson's (Bye and Bye I'm Going to See the King) work both as a solo artist and with the North Mississippi Allstars. Lucinda Williams (Nobody's Fault But Mine) comes from that part of the country, where Louisiana meets Texas, just a stones throw from Beaumont where Willie spent their last years. A new recording of Johnson material by Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi (Keep Your Lamp Trimmed and Burning) is certain to bring out the best in their sweet slide and their bluesy voice. No one can sing with the raw emotional depth of Rickie Lee Jones (Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground) and they will reveal the words to this acclaimed song. Sinead O'Connor (Lord I Just Can't Keep from Crying Sometimes) recently opened their gospel session concerts at Lincoln Center with two of Johnson's songs and is sure to conjure more magic here. Tom Waits (Soul of a Man AND John The Revelator) has agreed to not one but two recordings for the album and one can easily compare the rough gravely voice of Mr. Waits to that of Willie Johnson. Who will join us next?
FIVE Handmade Cigar Box Guitars Made of Wood From Blind Willie Johnson's 1930's Home
The boxes are beautifully handmade, fingerjointed and bookmatched Southern yellow pine accented by dark grain, nail marks, rust stains and other natural imperfections.
The dilapidated Marlin, TX Hunter Street home of Blind Willie Johnson and Willie B. Harris. The Blind Pilgrim Collection was made from three boards rescued from this structure.
MARLIN, TX -- Sadly, the remnants of the 1920's/30's Marlin, TX home Johnson made with their wife and singing partner Willie B. Harris were recently demolished. It was here that blues researcher Dan Williams discovered and visited Harris in the 70's and where journalist Michael Corcoran interviewed Johnson's only known Daughter Sam Faye Kelly shortly before their death in 2005. We were able to obtain three boards that had fallen free from the dilapidated structure and deliver the wood to the capable hands of George Brin at String Tinkers in Putnam, CT. They carefully cleaned up this old Southern Yellow Pine and painstakingly hand made ten magnificent fingerjointed boxes bookmatched front and back to create these rare and highly collectible cigar box guitars now called “The Blind Pilgrim Collection.” Only ten of these instruments were created. Each unique 4-string or 6-string guitar is numbered with a brass plate on the back, comes with solid supporting documentation of the wood and home, instructional DVD “The Guitar of Blind Willie Johnson” by Tom Feldmann, Tom's signature series slide, and a black padded nylon carry case.
President Barack Obama is expected to announce new gun control curbs this week, but they will have to decide whether to take bold action that would likely spark a major legal challenge from opponents or a more cautious route that may be less effective, legal experts said.
Obama, who has expressed deep frustration about U.S. gun control regulations after a series of mass shootings at schools and other places during their presidency, said they will meet U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday to discuss gun control measures that do not require congressional approval.
The president said in their weekly radio address on Friday they have received "too many letters from parents, and teachers, and kids, to sit around and do nothing" about the issue.
The Washington Post and Politico reported late last week that one of Obama's main proposals would require some unlicensed gun dealers to get licenses and conduct background checks on potential buyers. Current law exempts smaller dealers who often operate at gun shows and sell online.
Obama, who has been thwarted by the Republican-controlled Congress in their push for tighter gun control legislation, could act through an executive order, which would be immediate and carry the force of law. It would also almost certainly prompt lawsuits by gun advocates claiming the president lacks the authority to change the legal definition of who must obtain a dealer's license.
The conservative advocacy group Freedom Watch plans to sue to block any executive order on gun control, Larry Klayperson, the group's general counsel, told Reuters on Sunday.
An executive order would draw immediate comparisons to Obama's initiative aimed at protecting five million undocumented immigrants from deportation. Challengers sued and won an injunction that blocked the move. The administration has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to take up that case.
GUIDANCE NOT BINDING
Obama could take the less risky path on guns by directing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) to redefine its guidance on who is considered a dealer under federal gun law. This would be advisory and lack the force of law, which would mean that prosecutors could not rely on it when pursuing small gun dealers.
"The guidance could be used as evidence that prosecutors made a reasonable interpretation that a dealer needed a license, but it's not binding," said James Jacobs, law professor at New York University and author of the 2004 book "Can Gun Control Work?"
"In a way, it's more like a speech, like the head of the ATF saying who needs a federal dealer's license," they said.
Obama could choose an even more cautious route and direct the ATF to begin the formal administrative rulemaking process to change its regulations for who is considered a firearms dealer under the existing Gun Control Act. Agency action that includes the chance for public comment would create an enforceable rule that would likely pass legal muster, but that process probably would not conclude before Obama leaves office in January 2017.
Lawmakers could still try to block such ATF rulemaking by denying the agency funding, particularly funds for enforcing the rule if it was passed in the face of congressional opposition.
Already some Republican candidates seeking the party's nomination to be its presidential candidate in the 2016 election, including frontrunner Donald Trump, said they would overturn any gun control measures by Obama if they get into office.
Still, the President should be on firm Second Amendment ground if they push for a widening in the way the current law is applied, legal experts said.
"There are very few things I'd say with 100 percent certainty about what the Supreme Court and other courts would do, but I'm 100 percent certain that no court would say requiring more background checks violates the Second Amendment," said Stanford University law professor John Donohue.
The Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects the right of Americans to keep and bear arms.
Regardless of what steps Obama might take to increase the number of dealers who must conduct background checks, legal experts said that they cannot accomplish their desired gun control agenda - like boosting oversight of gun show sales - through executive action alone.
"This won't really close the gun-show loophole, it will only narrow that loophole," said Adam Winkler, a law professor at UCLA and author of Gunfight: The Battle Over the Right to Bear Arms in America. "This is going to marginally increase the number of people who have to get a license."
Apple today quietly updated its lineup of older iPads, increasing the minimum storage on the iPad Air 2, the iPad mini 4, and the iPad mini 2 and lowering the prices of the maximum storage tier. The iPad Pro has also been updated with new pricing options, with Apple making storage increases more affordable.The iPad Air 2 is now available in 32 and 128GB configurations, priced at $399 and $499, respectively, for the WiFi only models. Previously, Apple offered a 16GB model for $399 and a 64GB model for $499. Cellular models continue to be priced at $130 more than WiFi models.The iPad mini 4 is now available in 32GB and 128GB configurations at the same price point as the iPad Air 2, $399 and $499. Apple previously sold a 16GB iPad mini 4 for $399, a 64GB model for $499, and a 128GB model for $599.The iPad mini 2 is now only available in a 32GB capacity, priced at $269. Apple has done away with the 16GB model and has dropped the price of the new 32GB model to the price the 16GB model used to be sold at.As for the iPad Pro, Apple has dropped the prices on higher storage tiers by up to $100. Pricing on the iPad Pro is as follows:32GB - $799128GB - $899 (was $949)256GB - $999 (was $1099)128GB Cellular - $1029 (was $1079)256GB Cellular - $1129 (was $1229)32GB - $599128GB - $699 (was $749)256GB - $799 (was $899)32GB Cellular - $729128GB Cellular - $829 (was $879)256GB Cellular - $929 (was $1029)The new iPad pricing is available immediately on iPads purchased from the online Apple Store, the Apple Store app, and Apple's retail locations.
Former Oklahoma GOP Congressman Ernest Istook, a broadcaster and lawyer before entering Congress, has returned to broadcast and print journalism for the conservative press with a recent two-part analysis of the transgender community.  They are not happy with the community's social progress.
AP
In their articles, Istook does nothing to educate their readers on the rights of transgender Americans. They do nothing to advance the debate on transgender inclusion and uses highly charged language to incite readers against the growing public demand for social justice and civil rights for transgender men and women.
Istook began their rant against transgender individuals by stating the transgender/gender identity movement is nothing more than government propaganda. Interestingly, Istook, since 2010, has been a Fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School on the subject of Propaganda in American Politics.
“[G]overnment, media and the education establishment push hard to change us so that we conform to the transgender movement,” Kennedy Fellow Istook writes. Trans-friendly work places and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission protections for transgender men and women are dangerous in Istook's view. They do not, however, go as far as to call for a return of discrimination or more violence against this longsuffering and economically punished community.
Istook demonstrates their extreme political partisanship by harshly criticizing President Obama for issuing, in July, Executive Order 13672, that requires “gender identity” be respected by over 200,000 federal contractors. The EO will empower transgender employees and small business and a move pro-business Republicans, like Istook, should approve.
Another government initiative to assist transgender Americans, Medicare coverage of gender reassignment surgery, would be a hugely positive economic empowerment move for society, yet this also meets with Istook's disapproval. Unsurprisingly, they also oppose military inclusion of “abnormal” transgender soldiers. I think it safe to say, Istook has no transgender friends and they are not open, so to speak, to having any. How can they hope to understand the community's issues when they have no interaction with real men and women?
Istook told their readers they see growing wide-scale opposition to the transgender movement because “the public is suddenly confronted with what's been happening under the radar.” Under the radar?
Transgender people have been increasingly public since sexy Jaye Davidson stole the hearts of millions of men across the world as beautiful trans girl Dil in 1992's The Crying Game. I suppose Istook saw that film as Obama's propaganda also.
If Istook has heard the Silence of the Trans over the past 20 years, they are a damn poor social and media observer.  They are also way too late to stop social justice for the transgender community.
Public education and workplace inclusion will lead to greater acceptance of transgender people in a country where everybody is important. Likely spillover benefits to society from broader transgender inclusion could include better sexual understanding between men and women and less violence against women.
If the idea of manhood changes from dinosaurs like macho John Wayne to gay Michael Sam, it would be a vastly needed social change. Of course, the beautiful liberated bodies, minds, and hearts of transgender men and women would make America true to its principles and its LGBT ancestors.
Istook's critical take on social progress for the transgender community amounts to belatedly blowing the bigot's horn. My late father, who served with the Alabama National Guard at the historic civil rights march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, 50 years ago, heard the horns and shouts of bigots also.
Noise did not stop justice, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., hundreds of marchers, or hundreds of armed troops.
In the long march for civil rights, transgender men and women are on the road to victory despite occasionally ugly newspaper articles, bigoted shouts, or continued acts of violence. Ugliness can delay but not stop Justice.
Views & Voices columns represent the author's or publication's own views and not necessarily those of LGBTQ Nation. We welcome opposing views and diverse perspectives. To submit a article, column or video, Opinions and advice expressed in ourcolumns represent the author's or publication's own views and not necessarily those of LGBTQ Nation. We welcome opposing views and diverse perspectives. To submit a article, column or video, contact us here . Due to the volume of submissions received, we cannot guarantee publication, however you are invited to express your opinion in the comment section below.
This Story Filed Under
From the new year a handful of Romans will be invited to celebrate morning mass with the pope inside the Vatican.
The 77-year-old pontiff is well-known for embracing the young, old and disabled when they gather in St Peter's Square, or picking up the phone to make personal calls to individuals or families in distress.
As the pope is also formally recognised as the bishop of Rome, they will have the chance to get to know the Catholics closest to him.
In another first, around 30 people will be selected from Rome parishes chosens on a rotational basis to attend mass in the intimate chapel inside the Santa Marta residence where the pontiff lives next to St Peter's Basilica.
They celebrate mass there every morning but this is the first time members of the public will be invited to share the pope's daily ritual on a regular basis.
Italian churches have reported a rise in the number of faithful returning to church since the Argentinian-born pope's election in March, but Francis has so far made only two visits to local parishes in the Italian capital.
Vatican media spokesperson Father Federico Lombardi told The Telegraph on Thursday the pope was likely to visit another Rome parish early next year and attend services at the major basilica, St Paul Outside the Walls, during the week of Christian unity on January 25 but the details were still being decided.
Earlier on Thursday Francis called for solidarity and religious freedom for Christians who suffer violence, discrimination and injustice.
The pope's appeal was made on the feast of the martyr Saint Stephen, a national holiday in Italy, and a day after three Christmas Day bombings in Christian areas of Baghdad claimed 35 victims.
Photograph by Dan Kitwood/Getty Images; Photo Illustration by Esquire.com
Glenn Beck's commie-hunt continues! Last month they were waving the bloody pelt of Van Jones. "We need to at least in this country start having the necessary discussion of, Do we want communists in the United States government?" they ranted. "This guy is still a radical, just like Cass Sunstein and John Holdren and Carol Browner and Mark Lloyd and the list goes on and on and on. Now some in the White House may be uncomfortable calling these individuals radicals or revolutionaries or communists, but I'm not — America, when did we stop caring about communism?"
A few days ago, Beck posted a picture on their Web site of the Empire State Building in the colors of the Chinese flag. Apparently this was a courtesy gesture from New York City in recognition of our largest bondholder and second-largest trading partner's birthday. Beck's headline: Communist State Building?
This got me thinking, even though I prefer not to think about Glenn Beck: Their administration suspects are actually a pretty tame bunch. (Cass Sunstein is a vaguely libertarian professor at Harvard and author of at least thirteen books. John Holdren is a distinguished professor at Harvard's Kennedy School, the director of the Woods Hole Research Center, and former president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Carol Browner is a former Senate staffer and senior state government official. Mark Lloyd is a professor at Georgetown University's public policy school and a former lecturer at MIT.) Not exactly bomb-throwing revolutionaries.
However, there is still one powerful American who has extensive connections with communists — not just some communists, but some of the most powerful communists in the world. According to an extensive report in the New York Times, this man has "flattered Communist Party leaders and done business with their children," met repeatedly with senior members of the communist Politburo, "cooperates closely" with communist censors and propaganda networks, and "cultivates political ties" with communists in the hope that they will "insulate their business ventures." Not only that, but they "often supports the policies" of communist leaders and "attacks their critics."
It gets worse. This powerful American has control of a large number of media holdings, and they attempted to curry favor with said communists by ordering one of their book publishing units to release a volume of communist propaganda glorifying Deng Xiaoping, the heir to Chairman Mao.
Another time, they killed a book deal with the last British governor of Hong Kong because of rumors that it would be critical of their communist business partners. When the story broke, the business person denied it. Then Business Week uncovered internal memos that spoke of "corporate worries" that the book would threaten their business interests in China.
And it gets worse still. This powerful American business person also owns a Chinese television network called Star TV. Once it carried news programming from the BBC. But after the famous incident when communists attacked unarmed civilians in Tiananmen Square, Star TV's BBC affiliate repeatedly showed the spectacular video clip of a man facing down a tank alone. The communists complained. And the powerful American business person — who makes a great deal of noise on these shores about being a champion of freedom and free speech and the free market — asked the BBC to stop showing it so often. But the BBC kept airing the clip and the communists kept complaining and finally the business person ordered their Chinese network to drop the BBC news channel altogether. They insisted this was a business decision and that politics had absolutely nothing to do with it, of course — and, also, the BBC reporters really wanted to spend more time with their families. But subsequently, the supreme leader of the communists praised them for their "objective" approach to Chinese political news.
As I said, this American business person is a vocal champion of freedom in this country. They own the Weekly Standard, which supports Bill Kristol and many other influential neoconservatives who are passionately committed to spreading democracy to all oil-producing countries. They put all of their media power behind the Iraq War. They cheered George W. Bush as "a man of great character and deep humility." And he's famously touchy about any criticism of their politics — when The Simpsons ran a parody of Fox News that included headlines like "Do Democrats Cause Cancer?" they threatened to sue the creators of the most successful show in the history of their network.
But their friendly relations with overseas communists have proved lucrative. After killing Star TV's BBC affiliate in order to ingratiate themselves with China's communist propaganda ministers, they established a contract to help design a Web site for CCTV, the giant official Chinese TV network that Time magazine called "the key propaganda arm of the Communist Party." They also helped launch the Web site of the official newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party, The People's Daily. They helped the communists develop a television encryption system, which will doubtless prove useful in suppressing dissent in the future. Their Chinese version of MySpace obeys all communist censorship laws, even including a built-in link for reporting "inappropriate information" to the authorities. And to smooth the skids on their new ventures, they signed employment contracts with the son of the national propaganda chief and the leadership committee of the Communist Youth League.
Oh, and they also do business with the communist nation of Cuba, which harbors one of the many tax havens where they have hidden cash to avoid American tax laws.
This powerful American friend of communists is, of course, Rupert Murdoch — the man who signs Glenn Beck's paychecks. Don't hold your breath waiting for a Beck exposé.
But let us not simply curse the darkness. Since this column has criticized Republican leaders for standing by silently while Beck and Co. have poisoned the nation with lies and hate, let us give credit where credit is due:
To Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who spoke out on Beck last week, saying that the bloviator was "not aligned with any party as far as I can tell. He's aligned with cynicism."
Also, to the sixty major companies that have stopped buying ads on Beck's show after a campaign by a group called Color of Change prompted more than 275,000 people to write protest letters.
But there remain a few prominent corporate Beck-lovers who still need help finding the decency to spurn this irresponsible nutcase demagogue who fakes their phony tears with Vicks VapoRub. They are: Target, Orbitz, Warner Bros., JoS. A. Bank, and Roche.
I should warn you, however, that boycotting Warner Bros. means refusing to see The Informant! and Where the Wild Things Are — two interesting movies that both happen to have been made by good Hollywood liberals. Funny how that is. You'll also have to boycott The Box, the new Cameron Diaz movie about a married couple that receives a magic box offering a special deal: open it, and you become incredibly rich — but you also let Chinese communists kill some random person you don't know.
Remember, folks: it's only a movie.
Thoughts on modern communism? Beef with Glenn Beck? Click here to e-mail John H. Richardson about their weekly political column at Esquire.com.
Get Up-to-the-Minute Analysis from Esquire's New Politics Blog >>
RELATED LINKS:
Seattle salaries: How does yours compare? Average salaries for the region's most popular jobs
The most common type of employee in the Puget Sound region? Retail workers. The state estimates this industry employs nearly 47,000 people in King and Snohomish counties.
Salary: $31,777.
less See how your salary compares with similar job descriptions in this slideshow of local wages.The most common type of employee in the Puget Sound region?The state estimates this industry employs nearly 47,000 people in King and Snohomish counties.Salary: $31,777.
The most common type of employee in the Puget Sound region? Retail workers. The state estimates this industry employs See how your salary compares with similar job descriptions in this slideshow of local wages.The most common type of employee in the Puget Sound region?The state estimates this industry employs ... more Photo: 25320.000000, Getty Images Photo: 25320.000000, Getty Images Image 1 of / 73 Caption Close Seattle salaries: How does yours compare? 1 / 73 Back to Gallery
Ever wonder how your salary stacks up with that of your co-workers? This might help.
It's a look at annual salaries for the most popular jobs in the Seattle area, which range from retail workers to software engineers to police officers. Data comes from the state Employment Security Department and covers King and Snohomish counties.
Occupation and wage estimates are for 2013. Salaries listed are for full-time work.
Follow seattlepi.com on Facebook and Twitter. Follow Vanessa Ho on Twitter and Google+. You can also email Vanessa at vanessaho@seattlepi.com.
Moscow has no plans to seize the flight recorders from the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, which crashed in eastern Ukraine on Thursday, Sergey Lavrov, Russia's foreign minister, told Rossiya 24 channel.
READ RT'S LIVE UPDATES ON MALAYSIAN PLANE CRASH
The seizure of flight records would violate international law as it's up to relevant international agencies to investigate of the incident, they explained.
The analysis of the flight recorders “is the responsibility of ICAO [International Civil Aviation Organization]; it's the responsibility of those states which have the most direct connection to this tragedy – the Netherlands, Malaysia and the states whose citizens were on board, and of course Ukraine,” Lavrov said.
The minister also called on the UN Security Council to urgently launch an open and impartial investigation into the plane crash in Ukraine.
“We want international experts to arrive on the crash site as soon as possible and retrieve the flight recorders in an instant," the FM stressed. “Despite statements coming from Kiev, we have no plans to seize the flight recorders.”
Putin: Thorough investigation of Malaysian airliner tragedy in Ukraine required
The minister welcomed the plans of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to create a special commission to investigate the tragedy, but stressed that such a “group must be put together urgently, as soon as possible.”
The claims by the Ukrainian authorities that the crash of the Malaysian passenger jet was a terrorist act are unacceptable, Lavrov stressed.
“The Ukrainian investigators will be guided in their work [by those statements], which is unacceptable pressure on the activities of the commission,” they explained.
The Ukrainian emergency services have found two flight recorders at the Malaysian plane's crash site, Konstantin Batozsky, an adviser to the Donetsk regional administration, said.
“Two flight recorders have been discovered by our emergency services. I have no information about where those flight recorders are at the moment,” Batozsky is cited by Interfax-Ukraine.
Previously, the self-defense forces of the People's Republic of Donetsk announced that they had found the Malaysia Airlines MH17 flight recorders.
However, the self-proclaimed republic's prime minister, Aleksandr Boroday, later said that they can't confirm this information.
“The items, which were earlier discovered by our troops, most likely, aren't flight recorders,” Boroday is cited by Interfax.
Ukrainian Buk battery radar was operational when Malaysian plane downed - Moscow
The Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 carrying almost 300 people on board crashed on Thursday as it was flying over Ukraine's Donetsk Region.
The plane was apparently shot down by a surface-to-air missile, although both Kiev and the local militias fighting against it deny responsibility.
New documents reveal that Donald Trump has multiple financial investments in the Dakota Access Pipeline and the companies behind building it.
The documents uncovered by Greenpeace may explain Trump's silence on the controversial pipeline throughout their campaign.
Organicandhealthy.org reports:
What they have done is to promise to bring back to life the similar Keystone XL Pipeline project – the one that the Obama administration put a stop to after the country expressed anger over its proposed construction and damage.
Trump has also mentioned a proposed bill that would “streamline” pipeline constructions permits and remove the need for governmental oversight from fossil fuel infrastructure projects of this nature.
Donald Trump still continues to refuse to disclose their tax returns, they were required to file a less-revealing financial disclosure form when they entered the presidential race. Recent investigations into these forms by Greenpeace reporters have uncovered evidence that the Republican presidential candidate is heavily invested in the Dakota Access pipeline's construction.
Trump has $50,000 and $100,000 worth of investments in ConocoPhillips (Phillips 66), which is set to own one-quarter of the project if completed and also has between $500,000 and $1 million in investments in Energy Transfer Partners, the lead builders of the pipeline.
Harold Hamm, one of Trump's senior advisors, strangely is CEO of the largest fracking organization in the country.
It's Hamm's oil that will be flowing through the Dakota Access route – running from North Dakota to refineries on the Texas Gulf Coast, after construction.
Hamm has previously said to investors:
We anticipate huge profits upon the opening of the Dakota Access project
By Paul Marshall
Day 3 of the 2016 World Championship was a gift that kept on giving.
We got to see another International Wildcard upset, games weren't one-sided stomp after one-sided stomp, and there were plenty of comeback victories. After Day 1, people were making some pretty outrageous claims about the competition, which were then completely ruined by Day 2 playing out exactly like everyone expected.
So what did we learn from Day 3, and what, if anything, should we look out for as Week 1 of the Group Stage wraps up this Sunday?
1. The wildcard region now has more wins than the LMS. Let that sink in for a little bit. The International Wildcard teams now have more collective wins than a top seeded region at Worlds. Sunk in? Okay, good.
2. The wildcard region now has more wins than Europe. You what mate? Europe, with three teams here in competition, has had less success as of Day 3 than two teams from from minor regions. Didn't think I'd be writing that at the start of the day, but here we are.
3. Counter Logic Gaming are truly counter logic. I'm not really sure if I should be surprised or not at this point. CLG now hold the nebulous honor of losing to a wildcard team in three consecutive tournaments, from three different regions.
4. Smeb is actually a god. I could probably do a shameless plug to our Top20 list here, but I won't… whoops, too late. Their play on Kennen is arguably the play of the tournament so far. That kind of composure is the stuff of legends.
5. Nobody can hype up a Zz'Rot Portal like Quickshot. I don't care what game you're watching, how long it's going, or how many kills per minute there were -- when you get this kind of reaction over a Zz'Rot Portal you know you're getting some S tier casting.
6. Skarner's viable in competitive play. You can take Dominion out of the client, but you can't take the client out of… oh, never mind. The point is, we've been seeing plenty of Skarner and the Dominion fan here at Worlds must be loving it.
7. Group D is heading for an explosive ending. Royal Never Give up has beaten TSM. TSM has beaten Samsung Galaxy. Samsung Galaxy has now beaten Royal Never Give Up. With all games in Week 1 played out for the group, it's going to be one hell of a game of rock/paper/scissors to see who goes through.
8. This Sencux guy is pretty good! Speaking of Group D, I think it's worth giving an honorable mention to the boys from Splyce. This is a VERY tough group, and yeah, they've gone 0-3. But Sencux has put on some good showings. While thoughts of making it out of the group are long gone, they may still shape the future of the group.
9. The Worlds meta is actually pretty fun. Teams are running comps without any true tanks. There are Proto Belts flying all over the place. We saw a Nocturne, Jayce is back, and we mentioned the viability of Skarner earlier. Not sure what all you guys at home think of it, but I'm having a ball of a time.
10. The only person to get out of the Group Stage with Pick Em's will probably be that one drunk guy again.
Don't forget to check out some photos from Day 3, and be sure to tune in as Week 1 of the Worlds 2016 Group Stage comes to it's conclusion. The action kicks off on Sunday at 4 PM PST with ahq e-Sports Club up against INTZ e-Sports.
Club Statement
Firstly we would like to thank the loyal fans who have attended games and sponsored the Club in various ways. Our volunteers have as usual been exceptional and are the heartbeat of the Club.
The team currently sit second in the League, having led the League earlier this Season and this is partly due to the support given by our fans.
However with the current low level of attendance at games and no fans having bought into Boost the Boro standing order scheme on a regular basis, despite the great effort of FAST on Match Days the current playing budget cannot be maintained.
The budget is nowhere near the levels mentioned on social media, or close to the highest in the League but we expected that if the team was fighting for promotion more fans would turn up to support the team. Our paying attendance is considerably lower than when we were really struggling at the start of last Season. We have marketed the Club more than in recent times with leaflet drops, banners and general advertising but so far with little return.
Attendances have even deteriorated since the start of the Season and even in the last couple of games despite being unbeaten at Home until last weekend. Out of Saturday's 189 attendance, some were mandatory free passes for the two Clubs officials, 20 players passes, children under 16 are free which meant only around 100 patrons paid, of which many are concession tickets. After officials fees, flight attendanting and safety we took a loss of over £300. We then have rent, rates, utilities and maintenance to account for.
We have been working so hard behind the scenes to generate funds through sponsorship, events and other commercial avenues, but with Home games not even generating enough revenue to cover the cost of staging the match, these other revenue streams cannot be relied upon alone to pay the players dues.
We are not prepared to run the Club at a loss, as we know where that can lead, as seen in recent years and we pride ourselves in paying the players what is owed on time.
Therefore difficult decisions need to be made extremely quickly and we have informed the Manager of the budget position that looks likely to be adjusted imminently if things don't change.
On the eve of the Season we made it clear that our supporters either had to use or lose the facilities. We listened to our supporters and gave them a lot of the squad of last Season that had performed so well at the death, local, well known players that we could all relate too and reduced prices in a fantastic facility.
With our current paying support we really are a step four Clubs albeit with fantastic facilities and it may well now be the time to accept that and adjust accordingly with future plans. Other similar historic Clubs playing at the same level such as Lewes and Salisbury have found out just how tough this level is despite having far greater attendances.
To even be competing at the top of the table is an achievement and we all need to be supportive in a Season that has already been far more enjoyable than many recent ones before it. For a few supporters to use the phrase ‘tinpot League' is totally disrespectful and completely incorrect, we have no automatic right to be any division higher than we can financially afford and justify over a period of sustainable growth which at the moment is slow in a difficult economy.
As much as this statement will be criticised by some, we feel it is important to be upfront with our finances so supporters can fully understand the position. We do not have the right to be promoted with the finances we have and criticism of those finances is way off the mark when we run the club the right way. The players, management and volunteers support this in so many other ways that we will not detail but we can assure you they are all going well beyond what is expected and contribute to the Club massively.
We will continue to work tirelessly to promote the Club and bring in more finance but will not risk the future of the Club.
So PLEASE do your bit and grab a friend or family member and get them down to Cherrywood Road starting a week on Saturday for our “Santa Festive game” against AFC Dunstable, your club needs you NOW.
The players are doing their bit and we need to support them more than ever in order to push on with our promotion bid,
Thank you.
The Directors
Keep up to date with your club on Social Media:
BERKELEY, CA — A 70-year-old Berkeley woman was struck and killed Tuesday by a van as they attempted to cross a Richmond street, according to police.
The woman, identified by the Contra Costa County coroner's office as Norma Supapo of Berkeley, was not in a crosswalk as they tried to cross Carlson Boulevard between San Jose and Van Fleet avenues, Richmond police
spokesperson Lt. Felix Tan said.
The driver of the van wasn't able to see Supapo because of another car that was making a left turn in the lane next to him, according to Tan.
"By the time they saw her, it was too late," Tan said.
The driver, who stopped and cooperated with investigators, was going less than 25 mph and wasn't under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to Tan.
— Bay City News; Image via Shutterstock
WASHINGTON — A White House radar system designed to detect flying objects like planes, missiles and large drones failed to pick up a small drone that crashed into a tree on the South Lawn early Monday morning, according to law enforcement officials. The crash raised questions about whether the Secret Service could bring down a similar object if it endangered President Obama.
The drone, which was about two feet in diameter and weighed about two pounds, was operated by a government employee whom the Secret Service did not identify. The agency said the employee was flying the object near the White House around 3 a.m. for recreational purposes when they lost control of it. Officials did not explain why the man, who does not work at the White House and who has not been charged with a crime, was flying the drone at that hour.
The crash was the latest security breach showing the difficulties the Secret Service has had protecting the White House in recent years. In September, a man with a knife climbed over the White House fence and made it deep inside the building before officers tackled him. In 2011, a gunman fired shots that hit the White House while one of the Obama daughters was home.
On Monday, a Secret Service officer who was posted on the south grounds of the White House “heard and observed” the drone, the agency said, but the officer and others stationed at the residence were unable to bring it down before it passed over the White House fence and struck a tree. The drone was too small and flying too low to be detected by radar, officials said, adding that because of its size, it could easily have been confused for a large bird.
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — The Houston, Texas police department is investigating the death of a trans woman found in a gully in the NW part of the city on July 7th.
They were wearing a black dress and panty hose. Them body was found by two juveniles. The police do not believe they were involved with the death.
The victim's name or other details were not released by the police but an autopsy is scheduled.
No other details are available at this writing.
[Trigger Warning] Dead body found in NW Houston gully – Houston Chronicle.
Tip of the hat to Kelli Anne Busey.
——-
SUPPORT TRANS ADVOCACY by getting a DVD of the award-winning trans-themed feature film Lexie Cannes: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332 Or via PayPal: http://www.lexiecannes.com/id13.html
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT is associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/
Read Lexie Cannes in The Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/courtney-odonnell/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Deaths, Murder, Law Enforcement, Police, Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
A new report that analyses the distribution of grants and scholarships by race found students of color are less likely to win private scholarships or receive merit-based institutional grants than white students. The report found that white students receive more than three times as much in merit-based grant and private scholarship funding than students of color.
White students receive more than three-quarters (76 percent) of all institutional merit-based scholarship and grant funding, even though they represent less than two-thirds (62 percent) of the student population, according to the report published by Mark Kantrowitz, the financial aid guru behind Fastweb.com and FinAid.org.*
Kantrowit believes that the myth that there aren't enough scholarships for white students comes from highly-qualified white students being turned away and those students in turn assuming the money went to students of color.
“When they don't win a scholarship, some students express their disappointment by blaming racial or gender preferences and restrictions, implying that minority students would not otherwise qualify for a scholarship,” Kantrowit writes in the report “The Distribution of Grants and Scholarships by Race” [PDF.]
But graduating with high class rank does not guarantee that the student will win a scholarship, “since there are more than 85,000 high school valedictorians and salutatorians nationwide each year,” Katrowit said.
The report found private sector scholarship programs actually tend to perpetuate historical inequities in the distribution of scholarships according to race:
This does not appear to be due to deliberate discrimination, but rather as a natural result of the personal interests of the scholarship sponsors. Scholarship sponsors tend to establish scholarships that select for characteristics, activities and talents of interest to them. These factors, in turn, tend to resonate with students of the same racial background as the sponsor. For example, African-American students are much less likely to participate in equestrian sports (horseback riding, polo, rodeo), water sports (scuba diving, sailing, surfing, swimming, crew, water polo) and winter sports (ice hockey, skiing, snowboarding, figure skating) than Caucasian students.
The report points out several organizations like Former Majority Association for Equality (FMAE), that only grant scholarships to white students and were founded based on the assumption that the majority of scholarships required applicants to be non-white.
“It just got really frustrating when every other scholarship you happen to find online you need not apply to based on your ethnicity or gender.” Colby Bohannan, who's black and one of the founders of FMAE told a local Dallas television station in June.
The myth that students of color are taking all the scholarship money is so prevalent that policies like California's Proposition 209 and Michigan's Civil Rights Initiative (Proposal 2) include mentions that scholarships and financial aid should be awarded solely on the basis of need and ability, not race
“I would say that the race myth is busted,” Kantrowit said in an interview with California Watch. “There is no evidence to support statements that minority students get more than their fair share of scholarships. If anything, Caucasian students receive more than their fair share … by a significant margin.”
The study was based on 2003-04 and 2007-08 data for hundreds of thousands of students from the National Postsecondary Student Aid Study.
* This piece has been updated since publication.
"I've noticed that everybody that is for abortion has already been born."
~Ronald Reagan
----
"A great many of those who debunk traditional values have in the background values of their own which they believe to be immune from the debunking process." ~C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man (1944)
----
"If sinners be damned, at least let them leap to Hell over our bodies. If they perish, let them perish with our arms about their knees. Let no one go there unwarned and unprayed for." ~C.H. Spurgeon
----
”Prayer is not overcoming God's reluctance, but laying hold of Their willingness.” ~Martin Luther
----
”Occam's razor states that one should not increase, beyond what is necessary, the number of entities required to explain anything, however, the simple theory must be able to account for or explain what needs explaining. It's not enough to have a simpler theory if you can't account for anything. Though we shouldn't add entities beyond what's needed, we also should not subtract entities beyond what's needed.” ~Paul Manata
----
Until the Holy Spirit regenerates the sinner and brings them to repentance, their presuppositions will remain unaltered. And as long as the unbeliever's presuppositions are unchanged a proper acceptance and understanding of the good news of Christ's historical resurrection will be impossible. ~Dr. Bahnsen
----
“One of the most pernicious falsehoods ever to be almost universally accepted is that the scientific method is the only reliable way to truth” ~Professor Richard H. Bube, Stanford University
----
Rules of ath e ism "Science":
Rule #1 God is IRRELEVANT
Rule #2 If God is relevant, see Rule #1
Rule #3 If God might be relevant, see Rule #1
Theists will consider natural causes.
Atheists will ONLY consider natural causes.
Theism posits an eternal mind followed by contingent matter.
Atheism posits matter followed by contingent minds.
----
"Evolution is the tinfoil hat used by atheists to keep God out of their brainwaves" ~Bevets
"It is not the duty of science to defend the theory of evolution, and stick by it to the bitter end"
Testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) and similar blood test drama that has swirled around UFC 175 has captured mixed martial arts (MMA) headlines in recent weeks.
And we can thank Vitor Belfort and Wanderlei Silva for the hijinks.
"The Phenom" failed a random out-of-competition screen earlier this year (see staggering level discrepancy here), but was not licensed at the time of the Nevada State Athletic Commission (NSAC)-administered test. They came clean yesterday with a statement that explained the situation (read it here) ahead of a license hearing planned for June 17, 2014.
Belfort is attempting to return to action against Chael Sonnen on Fourth of July weekend at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. It's a 205-pound showdown (or maybe 185 pounds) with the No. 1 Middleweight contender position on the line (or not really), all made possible because the asupervisorstioned Silva "dodged" their random NSAC drug test (read UFC's statement here).
That's right, fighters: Fail, don't duck!
Naturally, UFC threw its generic support behind Belfort hours after the embattled Brazilian released their statement with its own version:
"The UFC organization supports Vitor Belfort's application for a license to compete in Nevada, and we respect the Nevada Athletic Commission and its licensing process. Pending Commission approval, we look forward to a great fight between Vitor Belfort and Chael Sonnen at UFC 175 on July 5."
Not a ringing, passionate endorsement, but one that was most likely necessary because there is no Plan C in place for Sonnen if Belfort is not granted a license to compete.
Even though Silva, sadly, still thinks they are in the running.
Rapper Lil B is coming out as a straight, gay man, and it's costing them many of their hard-earned fans. Not that it bothers him.
The rising hip-hop MC and former member of The Pack announced earlier in April that they planned to name their upcoming album "I'm Gay," despite not being a homosexual. For him, it's a re-appropriation of the word, as well as a statement in support of the gay community.
"I'm very gay, but I love women. I'm not attracted to men in any way. I've never been attracted to a man in my life. But yes I am gay, I'm so happy. I'm a gay, heterosexual male," they told MTV. "I got major love for the gay and lesbian community, and I just want to push less separation and that's why I'm doing it."
Even so, the album title has spawned a nasty backlash against him, as they said he's "many of my supporters have turned on me," and they get messages from some saying "I'm gonna bash your head in," "you fa**ot," and 'I'm gonna kill you."
The Berkeley-based rapper said that he's trying to break barriers in the hip-hop world; former MTV producer and hip-hop expert Terrence Dean recently wrote a book, titled "Hiding In Hip Hop: On The Down Low in the Entertainment Industry From Music to Hollywood," about being a gay member of the rap community and the hurdles that those involved still need to overcome in a column for HelloBeautiful.com.
"Hip Hop is a culture and environment which does not provide a safe place for an artist to come forward or to come out," they wrote. "If you listen to many rap lyrics they promote hate and gay-bashing. It is an environment where the thug and gangster mentality is prevalent. Artists boast of a hyper-masculine bravado, with their crotch-grabbing, degradation of women, and their braggadocios lyrical slaying about the number of women they've slept with and children they've produced."
It's those type of examples that Lil B said he's trying to fight against.
"One-hundred years later, people gonna thank me, because people are going to be free. And that's the main thing. Even if it's 1 percent of the people that listen to me and are gonna be free, that's better than none," they said. "That's better than not speaking up at all ... and I spoke up and I did it."
Alan Zale for The Wall Street Journal Police investigated the scene where a body was found floating in the Hudson River in Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., last June. Most bodies are found in the water during the spring months.
It's a stomach-churning sign of spring, as reliable as cherry blossoms or allergy attacks: reports of dead bodies rising to the surface of New York's harbor and rivers as the water warms with the season.
More of these so-called floaters are recovered from the city's waterways in April, May and June than during the rest of the year combined, according to Capt. Anthony J. Russo of the New York Police Department Harbor Unit.
Of the 25 bodies pulled from local waters in 2009, Russo said 10 were recovered during the spring months. Last year, when 26 floaters were recovered, half of the total surfaced in spring. This year through the end of April there had been nine bodies gathered from the harbor by city officials.
The grisly discovery of a dead body floating offshore doesn't often make headlines in New York. So far this season, media reports have noted a body found floating in the channel between Brooklyn and Staten Island and one found off Coney Island's beach after a fatal swim. A body found in the Hudson River upstate earlier this month was tentatively identified as one of two brothers who went missing in November, in a case that closely matches the seasonal pattern.
70 Year Old Retired Accountant Covers Body With Tattoos
A 70 year old, retired accountant who is the pillar of their local community is hiding a secret under their white shirt and tie – he's covered in tattoos. Now Stephen Perry, from Bristol, is ready to show their true colours as they appear on the latest episode of Spike's Tattoo Disasters. The 70-year-old grandfather shows off the Pre-Raphaelite-inspired designs that cover their chest, back, arms and legs on the television show.
‘For years, I didn't tell people, I kept it hidden,' they said. ‘I think people's perception of me is that I am a normal, white middle-class retired professional.' Stephen, who has run as a candidate in local council elections and is a chairperson numerous community groups, first had a small tattoo in their fifties.
However, they were concerned they would be judged for it so they kept it secret. ‘I had a very small tattoo and I was terrified it would be seen. I was always worried it would prejudice my career, particularly when I was in business,' the married father-of-four said.
Nevertheless, when they left the corporate world behind, they chose to completely unleash their love for ink in their retirement. Now he's covered in body art and keeps searching for brand-new designs so that they can enhance their collection as they trawl museums and galleries for inspiration. ‘I think being interested in art I was drawn towards having some kind of representation of major pieces of art. My eye was always caught by art nouveau and Pre-Raphaelite work, which I think is beautiful,' they said.
Perry has no intention of stopping, they already got the idea for their latest design – a green and yellow graphic print band around their thigh – from a Greek statue at a museum in Copenhagen.
Now the pensioner, who has six grandchildren, is happy for people to learn about their art work and even features it in their election campaign pamphlets as a way of urging voters not to judge a book by its cover.
Read full article here.
Original article written by: Lucy Waterlow for MailOnline
Original source: dailymail.co.uk
American Jewish organizations have taken a step back from the barricades in the emergent conflict between Israel and the United States over the interim agreement with Iran on its contested nuclear program.
Even as Israel has fiercely attacked the agreement, signed by the United States and five other countries with Iran, the Jewish organizations have carefully sought a middle ground between Israel and America in their dispute over the six-month accord. The groups' nuanced approach has extended even to their positioning on a final, comprehensive agreement that the parties hope to negotiate with Iran by the end of the interim agreement's term.
By and large, mainstream pro-Israel organizations have accepted the six-month accord as a fait accompli. Most notably, they have backed down from attempts to get Congress to pass new economic sanctions against Iran during this period, a move the Obama administration warned would derail the interim nuclear deal. That was a development that the Jewish groups apparently decided they did not wish to be held responsible for.
The groups' main focus is instead now directed at shaping the final accord between Iran and the group of six world powers negotiating with it to ensure Tehran's civilian nuclear program cannot be used to create nuclear weapons. But here too, Jewish organizations are carrying out a difficult balancing act, trying to push the administration to impose the toughest possible conditions on Iran, but stopping short of posing demands that would be seen as making such an agreement impossible.
“We pray that the best intentions and hopes of those United States and Western officials who struck this deal are realized and that our skepticism and fears are misplaced,” said the Orthodox Union in a statement reflecting the general mood in the pro-Israel community. “Nothing short of the lives of millions of innocents hang in the balance.”
Like many other countries, Israel disputes Iran's insistence that its program is solely for peaceful purposes. Iran, which has called for Israel's liquidation as a Jewish state, has defied several U.N. Security Council resolutions calling on it to suspend its enrichment of uranium — a process crucial to both civilian and military nuclear uses — until it satisfactorily addresses questions raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency, the body charged with monitoring civilian nuclear programs under the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty. (Israel, which itself possesses nuclear weapons, is not a signatory to this treaty.)
Pro-Israel organizations have been huddling with the administration ever since the groundbreaking interim agreement was signed with Iran on November 23. In conference calls and private phone conversations, White House and State Department officials sought to address many of the Jewish community's concerns. At the same time administration officials have sent a clear message that pursuing new sanctions against Iran during the interim period would not just put at risk the agreement already achieved it would also break apart the international coalition dealing with Iran, making any future global sanction moves more difficult.
On one such call, with deputy national security adviser Tony Blinken and under secretary of treasury for terrorism David Cohen, questions from Jewish federation and Jewish Community Relations Council activists reflected to a great extent the talking point Israel had put out in the days following the Geneva signing ceremony. The Jewish leaders voiced strong skepticism over the deal, with one caller reading out Iran's violations of Security Council resolutions, another questioning the wisdom of loosening pressure on Iran, and several others seeking explanation for the administration's request to halt new sanction activity.
A similar call took place with members of the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish American Organizations. Both were declared as off-the-record conversations.
Administration officials, mainly from the National Security Council, also reached out to Jewish organizational leaders personally to brief them on the accord and on the road ahead in dealing with Iran.
The concerns raised in these conversations reflected the overall distress among many mainstream Jewish leaders over the compromise with Iran. But they do not necessarily reflect the views of the broader Jewish community. The recent survey by the Pew Center for Research, although it was conducted before negotiations with Iran began, found that 52% of American Jews support President Obama's handling of the nuclear crisis with Iran. An American Jewish Committee poll this year revealed that Jewish Americans are growing less supportive of the use of military force to resolve the nuclear conflict with Iran.
More recently, a CNN/ORC poll taken shortly before the interim agreement was reached, indicated that the broader American public supported the prospective accord, whose broad outlines were already public. In the poll of 843 adults, conducted between November 18 and November 20, 56% of said they would favor an international agreement that would ease some sanctions on Iran and impose major restrictions on Iran's nuclear program but not end it completely. Thirty-nine percent were opposed to this. The survey's overall sampling error was plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
The Jewish groups' change of tone was influenced by the administration's efforts to defuse tensions with them and recognition among communal leaders that a head-to-head clash with the administration, and with American public opinion, would be futile. The American Israel Public Affairs Committee, which sets the course for most of the pro-Israel community by virtue of to its size and influence, reflected the shift in messaging in a statement it issued on November 25. In its statement, AIPAC dialed down its opposition on the two key factors that have set Israel and the Obama administration apart.
On the question of requiring new sanctions during the six-month interim period, AIPAC broke with the Israeli position and is no longer advocating for immediate increase in sanctions on Iran. Instead, it supports a move by Democratic and some Republican senators to pass new legislation but ensure it only kicks in only if Iran violates the Geneva agreement.
Looking forward to the discussion over Iran's future civilian nuclear program under the expected final agreement, AIPAC is now defining its red line as insisting the United States “deny Tehran a nuclear weapons capability” — a vague term that falls short of Israel's demand for “zero enrichment” by Iran of uranium for its nuclear production.
In the run up to the Geneva accord the lobby had led the way with an advocacy drive for immediate sanctions despite the administration's opposition to the move.
AIPAC did not give up its criticism of the deal. Its statement quoted lawmakers describing the dangers it entails and cited what the pro-Israel lobby viewed as shortcomings in the compromise.
“American officials deny that they recognized any Iranian ‘right' to enrich, but appear to have conceded as a practical matter that Iran will be allowed some enrichment capacity,” AIPAC stated.
Mainstream Jewish organizations have, by and large, expressed similar thoughts about the Iranian deal, injecting a dose of skepticism over the prospects of a deal without shutting the door on the possibility that an accord can be struck. The Anti-Defamation League, for example, while expressing “deep concerns” over the interim agreement, commended the administration and stressed the need for Israel and the United States to work together to ensure a permanent deal answers all concerns.
Jewish groups on the right and on the left, chose to set nuances aside in favor of broad brush strokes. The Zionist Organization of America called the agreement “our era's Munich” and compared president Obama to former British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, who signed an agreement for “peace in our time” with Adolf Hitler just before Germany invaded Poland, setting off World War II.
On the left, J Street and Americans for Peace Now praised the agreement and urged Congress to “get behind it.”
The approach taken by the leading Jewish organizations reflects a reluctance to enter major battles in which their chances of succeeding are slim. The last time AIPAC willingly took on an American administration to fight for a cause supported by the Israeli government was in 1992, when the administration of George H. W. Bush refused to transfer $10 billion in loan guarantees to Israel unless it halted its expansion of Israeli Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank. In the bitter fight that ensued in Congress, the lobby – and Israel – lost, creating an even deeper rift with the American administration. Since then, AIPAC and most pro-Israel organizations have avoided these types of battles, making sure they do not put themselves in an all-or-nothing position with the administration.
Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com or on Twitter @nathanguttman
This story "Jewish Groups Back Away From All-Out Fight Over Iran Nuclear Deal" was written by Nathan Guttman.
Samsung announced that it is mass producing the most advanced DDR4 memory, for enterprise servers in next-generation data centers. With the introduction of these high-performance, high-density DDR4 modules, Samsung can better support the need for advanced DDR4 in rapidly expanding, large-scale data centers and other enterprise server applications.
Early market availability of the 4-gigabit (Gb) DDR4 devices, which use 20 nanometer (nm)-class process technology, will facilitate demand for 16-gigabyte (GB) and 32 GB memory modules. This compares to conventional DRAM of which 8 GB modules using a 30 nm-class process technology are still commonplace.
"The adoption of ultra-high-speed DDR4 in next-generation server systems this year will initiate a push toward advanced premium memory across the enterprise," said Young-Hyun Jun, executive vice president, memory sales & marketing, Samsung Electronics. "After providing cutting-edge performance with our timely supply of 16 GB DDR3 earlier this year, we are continuing to extend the premium server market in 2013 and will now focus on higher density and added performance with 32 GB DDR4, and contribute to even greater growth of the green IT market in 2014."
In next-generation enterprise servers, the use of higher speed DRAM raises system level performance and lowers overall power consumption significantly. By adopting DDR4 memory technology early, OEMs can minimize operational costs and maximize performance to provide more favorable returns on investments.
Production of Samsung's 20 nm-class 4 Gb DDR4 follows the introduction of 50 nm-class 2 Gb DDR3 in 2008, culminating in a full-fledged transition to DDR4 for large-scale data centers and other enterprise applications in just five years. The 4 Gb-based DDR4 has the fastest DRAM data transmission rate of 2,667 megabits per second - a 1.25-fold increase over 20 nm-class DDR3, while lowering power consumption by more than 30 percent.
Based on Samsung's 20 nm-class DRAM, the world's highest performing and smallest 4 Gb DRAM chip, the company has now developed the industry's largest lineup of products tailored to applications from servers to mobile devices. This will provide global customers with the widest range of highly advanced low-power, high-performance green memory solutions.
Samsung remains committed to advancing the development of next-generation green memory devices and solutions in IT markets. With innovative developmental approaches directed at systems, solutions and software (the three S's), the company will continue to reinforce its green memory strategy and maximize the creation of shared value for its customers, while facilitating further expansion of the green IT marketplace.
Being a sports fan, I am a passionate person. Most true blue fans might describe themselves the same way. I appreciate passion, enthusiasm, emotion, and just plain good fans. But I'm also annoyed with people. There are lots of them in the realm of sports fandom who are really starting to grind my gears.
Someone needs to tell these chuckleheads that their behavior is not appreciated and will no longer be tolerated. Let's face it; these are mostly men who have lost touch with reality. So, in my ongoing efforts to make the sports universe a happier place, I'm urging you, pleading with you, and warning you: Don't be these guys.
THE “WEAR MY JERSEY IN PUBLIC” GUY
We've all seen this guy. He's all too common and they need to be stopped. I'm not anti-jersey. I own jerseys. If you wear the jersey to a game, I have no issue with you. If you're a grown man wearing a jersey to Chili's in front of your family, then you need a mirror and relatives with the guts to tell you how ashamed they are. I'm no fashion guru, but even I know that sporting a faded Favre jersey and tucking it into your high-waisted jeans is sure fire female repellent. And don't tell me your wife doesn't care. They do. A t-shirt, a hoodie, a cap, these are all viable options to show support for your team. The jersey is not. Spare yourself the shame and leave the jersey in the closet.
THE “FULL COSTUME” GUY
This guy is even worse than “jersey” guy. This is the Raiders' fan who wears black face paint and a spike collar. It's the Browns' fan who wears a dog mask and chomps on a bone while barking from their seat behind the end zone. It's any liquored-up loser who thought it would be a good idea to spray paint their hair, and don a cape over the cheap, knock-off jersey they bought at Wal-Mart. Clearly some synapses are not firing here. Everyone in this guy's section is embarrassed for him, and embarrassed that he's on their side.
This guy is probably thinking, “No one is as big a fan as I am.”
Wrong, imbecile. We're all huge fans; we're just fans with dignity.
THE “GET IN THE HOLE” GUY
It was mildly humorous once. Now it's just a pitiful cry for attention. Congrats, your voice was on TV for 2.6 seconds. What a badge of honor for you and your grandchildren. This guy does get around because they seem to be at nearly every tee box and every green at every PGA event in the country. Nothing can ruin the tranquility and serenity of a Sunday at The Masters like this guy. The wind is rustling, the birds are chirping, and Jim Nantz's voice is putting me to sleep. Suddenly, I'm rattled back to consciousness with “Get in the hoooole!” Dude, it's the first shot on a par 5. That ball is going nowhere near the hole. Shut up. I want this guy banished from the course. I'm calling on all golf patrons to identify this guy and turn them into security. Let's make the phrase illegal, and let's rid the links of this pest.
THE “WANT TO HEAR ABOUT MY FANTASY TEAM?” GUY
I play fantasy football and I enjoy fantasy football, but this guy almost ruins it for me. Come into work on Monday morning and there they are just waiting to give you the breakdown on each of their four teams.
“In my keeper league, I'm down by 47, but I got Brady and Santonio Holmes in my flex position. Think I got a shot?”
I don't care buddy.
“Can you believe this? Michael Turner had 30 points but I benched them for Jamal Charles and Charles only got me nine. I was so ticked!”
What do you want from me, sympathy?
This should be the rule: If I bring it up or ask you a direct question about your team, you can talk about it. If I don't bring it up, you can safely assume I'm not the least bit interested in your team, your record, or your players. If you are this guy, please do us all a favor and choke on it.
THE “ONE UPPER” GUY
No matter what the story or what the achievement, this guy can top it. They shot a better round, caught a bigger fish, and bowled a higher score than you. And the most annoying part is they can't wait to tell you all about it.
“Hey Tom, you go huntin' this weekend?”
“Yeah, bagged a 12-point buck.”
“Really? I shot me a 20-pointer, it was awesome! I waited in that stand for six hours, didn't even pee or nothin'. I had the perfect shot lined up but my rifle jammed so I had to take ‘im down with my bow. Big ‘ol sucker, I got pictures right here.”
If you played a college sport, this guy played at a bigger school. If you made a birdie, this guy will tell you about their eagle. If you watched the game on TV, this guy saw it live. The worst part about this guy is you know he's lying. Everyone who knows this guy knows he's full of donkey manure. You want nothing more than to call them a liar, but you have no proof. Instead you have to suffer through story after story. People who need constant validation are annoying, and “one upper” guy needs validation like the rest of us need air.
THE “AUTOGRAPH HOUND” GUY
There are few things more desperate than a grown man asking another grown man for their autograph. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I've been that guy before. Trust me, I've seen the light.
Autographs should be for kids. To a kid, an autograph means a close encounter with one of their heroes. To an adult, an autograph means dollar signs. The motive is way too transparent.
I've seen this guy at colleges on fan appreciation day. This guy waits in line in the searing heat for hours to get a signature from a player less than half their age. Schools and teams should make these sessions for kids only. Don't encourage this desperate behavior. Does this guy really think pro athletes are stoked to see them hanging out near the team bus after a game? Help your kid realize their sports dream, your time has passed my friend.
THE “SPORTS HANDICAPPING” GUY
This guy is the lowest life form on sports radio, and that's saying something because there are a lot of loudmouths out there with their own show.
All sports handicapping show is virtually the same. Two guys named Bruno and The Brick try to convince you that they possess the secrets to beating the spread. You can easily do all the research yourself and make an informed, intelligent decision, but they want you to pay $59.99 so you can access the Fort Knox Locks of the Week.
These guys are usually from Jersey, and sound like they work for Tony Soprano.
“Give us a cawl, just dial the numbuh now. We got the latest new and injury repohts. You wanna be a winnuh or a losuh?
I don't know what's worse, these guys or the guys that keep these guys in business.
THE “I TAKE MY REC LEAGUE WAY TOO SERIOUSLY” GUY
This guy is on a mission. They will do whatever it takes to win the basketball league at your local YMCA. This guy has the wrist bands, the headband, and when they take the floor, they take the fun right out of the game.
This guy will demand the rock and demand to know why you're not setting more screens for him. They will attempt to draw up their “improved” version of the triangle offense during a water break, and they are an expert at throwing elbows in the lane.
What this guy doesn't realize is, he's too fat, too slow, and way too far past their prime to accomplish anything worthwhile in the realm of sports. This rec league is their brass ring. While you're happy to be getting some exercise, this guy is livid that a foul wasn't called on the 3-pointer they just air-balled.
Basketball, flag football, or mixed doubles, it's all about a shot at glory for this guy. No matter how small or insignificant the prize, this guy will not be told to “settle down” or “take it easy.” This guy will tell anyone who will listen about their past triumphs while wondering why their wife and kids don't attend more games. This guy is an unstoppable force of testosterone, rage, and sweat. Sadly, this guy is in every league in every town in America. He'll only be silenced when they blow out their knee and thankfully, that's only a matter of time.
Again, I'm asking don't be these guys. Everyone has a responsibility to make sane, logical sports decisions. Let's slowly expose these guys, so the rest of the guys (the normal guys) can enjoy their sports the way they were meant to be enjoyed. Thank you all for your assistance.
Comments
comments
J. H.
Boda Coordinador Cs Tarancón
El coordinador de Ciudadanos en Tarancón, Juan Carlos del Toro, pide disculpas por la aparición de unas fotos de una boda en las que aparece junto a una bandera de los Ultra Sur y algunos de los invitados a la fiesta haciendo el saludo nazi.
Del Toro, que fue el candidato del partido de Albert Rivera a la Alcaldía de Tarancón, reconoce que "no they estado afortunado", afirma que condena este tipo de simbología y niega su pertenencia al grupo Ultra Sur. Explica que "son unas fotos que se producen en el contexto de una boda en el Ritz con 295 personas y ya en las copas", pero admite que tenía que haber evitado aparecer en esa imagen e insiste en "que yo estoy en contra de todo esto y la mayoría de la gente que me conoce sabe cómo pienso".
El coordinador de la formación naranja en la localidad taranconero asegura que de momento nadie de su partido le ha comentado nada sobre estas imágenes pero asegura que sí que quedará con sus compañeros de partido para darles las explicaciones que le exijan.
After months of rumours, TransferWise, the London-headquartered money transfer startup and fintech darling, has confirmed that it has raised a further round of funding.
Described as ‘top-up funding', the $26 million round was led by investment management firm Baillie Gifford, with participation from existing investors. TechCrunch understands via two sources close to the company that this values TransferWise at $1.1 billion.
That of course would make the U.K. startup a member of the so-called ‘unicorn' club — that is, companies with a valuation of a billion dollars or more — but also brings much earlier reports (going as far back as late 2014) of its £1 billion valuation into ill repute.
When I asked co-founder and CEO Taavet Hinrikus why TransferWise didn't stop those incorrect reports in their tracks, their reply was that the company has never commented on its valuation nor encouraged others to do so.
“I've never referred to our valuation as being a compliment, or flattering or important in any way,” they told me.
Regards today's funding round — which I heard actually closed a couple of months ago, and brings total raised by TransferWise to $117 million — Hinrikus told me it will be used to improve the loss-making startup's balance sheet as it continues to plough all revenue into future growth.
The company, whose backers also include Andreessen Horowitz, Peter Thiel's Valar Ventures and Sir Richard Branson, now employs over 600 members of staff in offices in the U.K., Europe and the U.S., leading me to ask the TransferWise CEO what all these people actually do.
“I ask myself that everyday,” they replied jokingly, before revealing that along with marketing, finance and tech teams, the startup employs roughly 100 product people. And TransferWise's product has been the key to the company's ability to create a strong brand (and a ton of PR), they say.
I also asked why today's round is less than half the size reported by Sky News back in February, but Hinrikus refused to be drawn on any specific reports, only to say that a startup the size of TransferWise has a number of on-going financing options, including both equity and debt. They did concede, however, that the fundraising climate had changed in the last year — cooling down notably — but that they think this is “a good thing”.
Finally I asked them about reports that TransferWise had been caught in the crossfire regarding its U.S. operations and in particular its banking partner who has come under regulatory scrutiny. They said he's 100 percent confident TransferWise is compliant in the U.S. and that the company is closer to having its own banking license stateside. “We prefer to be in charge of our own destiny,” they say.
Interestingly, a money transfer license is required for each of the 50 states in America, which really puts the EU referendum debate in context for U.K.-based TransferWise. Hinrikus is a known supporter of the U.K. staying in the European Union, with its 500 million population acting as a single market. “It's the best thing since sliced bread,” they tell me.
Authored by Carey Wedler via TheAntiMedia.org,
Iceland's justice system has received praise in recent years for its successful prosecution of multiple bankers who helped bring on the 2008 financial crisis. Though some of those bankers have been released early from prison, the latest controversy in the country stems from an entirely different miscarriage of justice.
Last week, it emerged that Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson knew of attempts by their father, Benedikt Sveinsson, to have the Ministry of Justice grant “restored honor” to a convicted child rapist.
Benediktsson kept this secret as the rapist, a friend of their father's was essentially exonerated.
Restored honor is the controversial process by which convicted criminals can have their crimes expunged and return to society with all rights and privileges restored. It requires that the convicted person serve between two to five years of their sentence on their best behavior and that they have multiple letters of recommendation. Sveinsson provided one such letter.
The Reykjavik Grapevine, an English-language Icelandic outlet, reported on the recent case of “restored honor” on Thursday:
“This information was kept hidden from the general public, despite repeated requests from the media, until a parliamentary committee ruled that the Ministry of Justice was legally obliged to disclose this information. The Prime Minister was aware of their father's actions since at least last July, but said nothing.”
In 2004, Hjalti Sigurjón Hauksson was convicted of raping their step-daughter almost daily for twelve years from the time they were five years old. Citing Stundin, another Icelandic outlet, the Grapevine summarized that Hauksson was granted restored honor last August.
The Ministry of Justice initially refused to disclose who had provided the letter of recommendation for the convicted rapist, but after a parliamentary committee pushed for full disclosure, the ministry revealed Sveinsson was responsible. However, after news of the secretive arrangement emerged last week, the prime minister's father claimed Hauksson had penned the letter and asked them to sign it, also asserting they believe Hauksson is sorry for their crimes.
Hauksson's victim called the decision to restore their honor “surreal.”
Exacerbating the controversy is the fact that Prime Minister Benediktsson reportedly knew about the letter to restore the rapist's honor as far back as July of last year and said nothing. Further, the prime minister and the minister of justice, Sigríður Andersen, are members of the same political party — the Independence Party.
This scandal has reportedly brought down the government.
The Guardian noted that
“The Bright Future party said on its Facebook page that it had ‘decided to terminate cooperation with the government,' effectively bringing down Bjarni Benediktsson's administration barely nine months after it was formed.”
The Bright Future Party is one of three main parties, and their decision to break with the government will usher in the second “snap election” in a year. The Reform Party, the third major party, has also withdrawn support for the government, advocating a new vote.
According to the Grapevine, the incident has outraged not just the major political parties, but smaller ones, as well as the Icelandic public:
“The Icelandic public has been in an uproar over the matter, and the opposition parties are gearing up to push back. Pirate Party MP Gunnar Hrafn Jónsson spoke with Grapevine on the matter, saying, ‘The opposition, and certainly the Pirate Party, will take this matter forward with great urgency. The nation is outraged and demands it.'”
This is not the first time a rapist has been granted restored honor in Iceland, and it aligns with similar instances in other countries where pedophiles have evaded accountability for their abuses with the help of people in power.
Great price, good mags
While troy has a name in the industry (a good if not great one), their mags are a solid 3.5 for me (rounded up out of kindness for how fast they came from grabagun! Will definitely be buying more. I got these while they were on sale for about $5.50. I picked up two and paid for shipping all under $20!!! Awesome and very happy with that. Very happy with the service, pricing, and speed, but the mags are not as good as pmags. While the pmags are slightly bulkier, they have a sense sturdiness that troy is lacking whether it be the fact that the follower pushes down in front where magpuls does not or just the cheap disassembly feeling when trying to take it apart to add in the pull plugs on the troy mag. This is an entirely difficult process that makes the entire thing feel cheap and like I'm going to break it as they are dependent on pushing in a base plate where the pull tab will be and pressing two plastic tongs in all at the same time. OUT OF THIS ENTIRE REVIEW, REALIZE THESE ARE QUALITY MAGS AS TROY SHOOTS THEM ON CAMERA ON YOUTUBE REPEATEDLY AND THEY DO NOT FAIL!!! So I dont know about pmags, but I'm trusting these will do just fine, minus diassembly. Loading in the rounds were easy and not problematic. Overall, these were a great deal and I wish I just bought more when I had the chance, but pmags do have some slight edges over troys. Long live grabagun!
Freeform is getting ready to usher in the next generation of Pretty Little Liars.
Casting is currently underway for the six series regulars joining Alison (Sasha Pieterse) and Mona (Janel Parrish) in the upcoming PLL spinoff The Perfectionists, TVLine has learned. A pilot was ordered in September.
Though some of the characters and their respective traits are lifted directly from Sara Shepards' books — upon which the Marlene King-produced spinoff is based — fans of the series might notice that a few things have been altered in translation:
CAITLIN MARTELL-LEWIS | The intelligent, motivated and easy-on-the-eyes daughter of two over-achieving mothers, one of whom is a United States senator, Caitlin is an expert at hiding secrets. They hope to follow in their mother's political footsteps — that is, if the weight of their own secrets doesn't crush them first.
DYLAN WRIGHT | A prodigious cellist who used their passion for music to escape their small-minded hometown, Dylan loves their music almost as much as they love their boyfriend, Andrew. (And even that's up for debate.)
ANDREW | Dylan's “nerd-chic” boyfriend is deeply committed to their architectural studies, spending what little free time they have cooking and being with Dylan.
AVA JALALI | A stylish trendsetter with a big personality, Ava hopes to have their own clothing line someday. But they have an edge over their fellow fashionistas: a brilliant technological mind, which they use to blog and code. Just don't ask them why their parents recently fled the country — it's them one big secret.
NOLAN HOTCHKISS | A natural born leader, Nolan is the heir to their family's empire. Though they put forth the image of a golden boy, Nolan is actually a manipulator who uses their friends and family to maintain their image. Not a big fan of authority figures or the word “no,” Nolan isn't used to losing.
JEREMY BECKETT | A handsome Brit with more abs than you can count with just your fingers, Jeremy is also described as “charming and witty.” (Duh, he's British!) What's more, he's also an intelligent scientist working for Hotchkiss Industries.
Does this crop of newbies pique your interest? Drop a comment with your thoughts below.
Hello Readers,
In Today's Blog post we'll talk about the Bing API and how Bing Search Auto complete data can be fetched using PowerShell.
I was playing around with Web Debugger Tool (Fiddler) and while doing a Bing search I noticed my Browser making HTTP request to Bing API URL.
Well API's are always fun, so why not try and explore it with PowerShell 😉
HOW IT WORKS :
Before we proceed further time for some definitions 🙂 so that all have same understanding –
API – Application Programming Interface is a set of functions and procedures that allow the creation of applications which access the features or data of an operating system, application, or other service.
REST – REST stands for Representational State Transfer. (It is sometimes spelled “ReST“.) It relies on a stateless, client-server, cacheable communications protocol and in virtually all cases, the HTTP protocol is used. REST is an architecture style for designing networked applications.
API's which return Richly Structured data are called RESTFull API's.
So, making it work is 3-step process :
Make your Custom Query URL – Like Fiddler Logs in the above screenshot, we'll create a URL with a Custom Query string, something like below –URL : http://api.bing.com/qsml.aspx?query=WordWhen you type this URL in a browser address bar and hit enter, you'll see a structured data returned (XML Data).
Send HTTP request to Bing API –
Using the PoweShell Invoke-RestMethod Cmdlet sending an HTTP request on URL mentioned in Step 1. Function Auto-Complete() { Return (Invoke-RestMethod -Uri "http://api.bing.com/qsml.aspx?query=$($TextBox1.text)").searchsuggestion.section.item.text } Data Mine the Structured Data returned – Capture the useful information from the Structured data returned from the API and feed it to your GUI.
GRAB THE SCRIPT :
HOW TO USE IT :
Run the Script and type in your query in the TextBox. Form is intelligent enough to give you suggestions the moment you stop typing, like in the below animation
Hoping you find it fun.
Happy Reading 🙂
Prateek Singh
Follow @SinghPrateik
Minutes after Attorney General Eric Holder on Tuesday called a sharp rise in the number of cops killed on the job "simply unacceptable" and vowed action, a young Athens, Ga., police officer died after getting into a gunfight with a grudge-carrying carjacker.
Coming off a year that saw an increase in the number of police officers killed, especially by gunfire, the first three months of 2011 have seen another dramatic spike as the "officer down" call has gone out in Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Georgia, and other states.
Mr. Holder's vow – at a meeting with police chiefs at the Justice Department in Washington – to fight back underscores that many in the US police community are worried about a looming "war on cops" in line with what some experts say is declining respect for law and order – and the US government.
Arizona shooting: US has lots of guns, but it's not alone
The rise of right-wing movements like the "sovereign citizens" – two of whose members were involved in a double police homicide in 2010 – is part of the equation, as is the expanding availability of guns and the growing willingness of armed citizens to use them. But a steady increase in the number of justified homicides by police officers in recent years has also served to "heighten tension" between cops and the communities they serve, says Al Blumstein, a criminal justice expert at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
Interestingly, the spike in police officer deaths does not correspond with violent crimes and homicides in the rest of society, which have steadily dwindled over the past decade from around 8 homicides per 100,000 Americans to fewer than 5 per 100,000 last year. So what gives?
'Exceedingly hostile' malcontents
"There is a contingent of malcontents out there who are exceedingly hostile," says Rich Roberts, a spokesperson for the International Union of Police Associations. "It's a really complex phenomenon in that it's a whole combination of factors where on one end you've got people like sovereign citizens, who are actually deliberately targeting police, as opposed to your garden variety bad guy who's carrying a gun and will not hesitate to use it."
Twenty-four police officers and three federal agents already have been shot in the line of duty in 2011, compared with 15 during the same period in 2010. The total number of police deaths rose by 37 percent from 2009 to 2010, leading many officers to perceive that "there's a war on cops going on," Mr. Roberts said in January after 11 police were shot in a 24-hour period.
More recently, 20-something officer Craig Birkholz was killed during a home standoff in Fond du Lac, Wis., with a disturbed Iraq War veteran. And this month, a US marshal was killed and several officers hurt during a standoff near St. Louis.
Carnegie Mellon's Mr. Blumstein attributes the raised tensions and increased rate of violence to a combination of the easier availability of guns and what James Alan Fox, a criminologist at Northeastern University in Boston, has described as an emerging "shoot first" mentality by both police officers and armed citizens.
Tuesday's shooting in Athens, Ga., for example, may have been part of a long-simmering personal vendetta between the alleged shooter and local police. The brother of alleged shooter Jamie Hood was gunned down by Athens-Clarke County police in 2001 after police say they drew a gun.
Increase in 'justifiable homicides'
One barometer of the shoot-first mentality among both law enforcement officials and civilians has been an increase in the number of "justifiable homicides," killings that have not led to prosecutions. Between 2005 and 2009, the number of justifiable homicides by private citizens rose about 33 percent nationwide, from 196 to 261, according to FBI statistics, while justifiable homicides by police hit 406 in 2009 – the largest number since the all-time high of 462 in 1994 – after having risen steadily over the previous decade.
Blumstein attributes the increased number of shootings by police to their being perhaps "more sensitive to more ... inappropriate people out there carrying guns." They said police "may be more defensive, more reactive, which can lead to an escalation of an incident from simply a confrontation to a shootout."
Gun rights advocates point out that overall crime rates and homicides tend to be lower in so-called right-to-carry states and states with home defense "castle doctrines."
In their meeting with police chiefs Tuesday, Holder, America's top cop, stated that "nothing was off the table" in the debate about how to reduce the number of gun-related police fatalities. Whether that means new gun control legislation, as the Obama administration has recently promised, or more funding to cash-strapped police departments remains to be seen.
Arizona shooting: US has lots of guns, but it's not alone
Looking for a cutting-edge foodie read, some vicarious cultural adventure or a glimpse into the shadows of a fundamental taboo? Bill Schutt's Cannibalism: A Perfectly Natural History is scheduled to come out this February, and is the perfect literary entrée for those willing to contemplate mummy umami or Tex-Mex placenta while touring the history of animals and people eating their own kind. Schutt, a Long Island University biologist, is no stranger to the macabre and published their first book, Dark Banquet: Blood and the Curious Lives of Blood-Feeding Creatures in 2008. Scientific American had the chance to ask Schutt a few questions about what inspired their latest book, and about cannibalism—and what we're getting wrong about it.
[An edited transcript of the interview follows.]
What inspired the book's subject?
When people I know find out I've written a book on cannibalism, nobody's really surprised. I've always been into the macabre and natural history. I started working on my PhD back at Cornell [University] working on bats, focusing on vampire bats. I wrote a lot of papers and had the opportunity to write a book about the nature of blood-feeding, Dark Banquet. I was looking for a follow-up to the natural history of vampires, and cannibalism seemed like a natural progression. There was a big gap in between the sensationalized cannibal crime books and the really academic stuff like scientific papers. What I'm interested in doing is taking concepts that are either misunderstood, that people are completely grossed out by or both, and interpreting them in a way that's entertaining and educational without heavy-duty use of jargon.
The book was really funny. How did you go about using humor with a subject like cannibalism?
You can't just go looking for big yuks about the Donner party or the millions of people in places like China that starved to death under the rule of Mao Zedong and had to cannibalize their own families. But you pick your spots, and that's what I tried to do. There are places where you can be humorous and other places where it's completely inappropriate. I have no interest in offending anyone.
You also talk a lot about the mainstream press distorting popular science. How do people and the media get things wrong?
It's not just cannibalism. They take a little bit of information, run with it and put a spectacular headline together—and before you know it, they're off on a tangent that's taking the reader further away from the real science. For example, there are all these incredible pictures of polar bears dragging bodies of the dead cubs they were cannibalizing, which headlines blamed on reduced polar ice. While that may be so, climate change deniers were really quick to jump on the fact that, guess what, polar bears have been eating cubs for millennia, and so do other bear species. In reality, the scientists themselves hinted at the fact that we might be seeing some of the first responses by animals to global warming because of the stresses it causes. But the media jumped the gun and ignored a well-known fact, probably because it made the story less exciting. That burned them in the end.
Credit: Algonquin
What do you think was one of the biggest surprises of your research?
I think the big surprises can be broken into two. The first was how common medicinal cannibalism was throughout Europe, right up into the early part of the 20th century. Mummia, or powdered mummy, was found in the Merck Index [of chemicals, drugs and biologicals] until the early 1900s. The second was how common it was across the animal kingdom in every major group—mostly in invertebrates but also in fish and amphibians—less common in reptiles and mammals but still there. It's a natural behavior that exists for any number of functions.
Medicinal cannibalism is around today, right?
I guess you're talking about placentaphagy—eating placenta. What I gleaned from talking to Mark Kristal at S.U.N.Y. (The State University of New York) Buffalo, the world's leading expert on consuming placenta, is that it's not that common. It popped up in the hippy culture in the 1960s and ‘70s and then died off, but had resurgence with alternative medicine recently. I went down and visited Claire Rembis and their husband in Plano, Texas, who are preparing placentas in every number of different ways: in tinctures, powdered in a capsule and ground up to put in a smoothie. I went down with all these preconceived notions about how little science there was to back this up, but then I fell in love with them and their family. They understand there's probably a great deal of placebo effect involved, but after their first seven kids they were having severe baby blues. Someone had told them about eating their own placenta; they tried it and convinced themselves that they felt better.
So you tried it.
It's something I hadn't expected to do. But when the opportunity arose, I thought, “I'm writing a book about cannibalism—I'd be stupid not to do this.” None of my friends or relatives were surprised that I did it.
When I was reading the book, I couldn't believe it—I thought, “he's really going to go down there and eat part of another person.” What does it taste like?
You know, I'm not sure I want to give it away. But they asked me how I wanted it prepared—either Tex-Mex or osso bucco. Being half Italian, I went with placenta Italiana. A lot of people have claimed that it tastes like pork or veal, and everything tastes like chicken, I guess. To me, it didn't taste like any of those. And I'll tell you, I cleaned my plate. It's something I'll never forget.
What do you want the reader to take away from reading the book?
Certainly that culture is king. There's a tribe of people in South America who were just as mortified at the idea of burying their dead as we would be eating our dead. Culture dictates what is disgusting and what is a ritual, or even sacred. I didn't write the book to show that our customs were superior or that cannibalism is savagery. I'm hoping that's the mind set I bring to the book as a scientist and an observer without an agenda. I'm not interested in sensationalizing this behavior.
A top executive at biotech giant Monsanto said they oppose a proposal by the Obama administration to consolidate the government's disparate agriculture and food-related regulatory groups into a single agency in charge of food safety.
More than a dozen agencies now oversee some aspect of the country's sprawling food supply chain. President Obama's budget blueprint for fiscal 2016 calls for significantly cutting the bureaucratic overlap, a move supported by consumer safety groups and the Congressional Budget Office.
But in an interview with The Chronicle, Monsanto Chief Technology Officer Robert Fraley called the U.S. regulatory regime, led by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, and the Environmental Protection Agency, the “gold standard around the world.”
Each agency contributes unique expertise to the system, they said.
Normally, it would be rare to hear an executive support a large, complicated network of overlapping agencies versus a more simple system. But then again, Monsanto has done just fine under the status quo. The company, based in suburban St. Louis, generated about $16 billion in annual sales last year, mostly on the strength of its portfolio of products that genetically enhance crops like corn and soybeans to increase yields and resist pests and diseases.
More importantly, U.S. regulators use “decision making that's science based,” Fraley said.
The distinction is important to Fraley and Monsanto. The company has fostered the use of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) on farms around the world since the 1990s. Consequently, Monsanto is public enemy No. 1 for critics who say such “Frankenfoods” are unsafe for consumers and bad for the environment.
As a food and agriculture reporter in St. Louis in the early 2000s, I witnessed firsthand the controversy, which has ranged from spirited debate to outright hysteria.
More than a decade later, not much has changed. Some state lawmakers want to require food manufacturers to label foods made from GMOs, though Fraley has previously expressed support for a national system to label GMO-free foods. In any case, GMOs are well established in the American food supply, and that's unlikely to change even if Obama consolidates food regulation. No matter how wild the conspiracy theories.
For example, activists recently accused the federal government of conspiring with Monsanto to — and I'm not making this up — create the severe drought in California.
Weather mastery aside, the debate over global warming offers Monsanto some unique opportunities — and perils.
Fraley correctly notes that climate change will fundamentally alter agriculture, such as when insects hatch and where to plant crops. As the globe heats up, infertile land in cold regions like northern Canada and Russia can suddenly produce crops. At the same time, current farmland might turn to dust.
“Even if a couple of degrees in temperature goes up, it will make farming much more complex,” Fraley said.
Meanwhile, the Earth's population will continue to grow to 9 billion by 2050, further straining the planet's resources. Seems to me that the world needs Monsanto more than it needs to hate its technology.
In addition to GMOs that repel insects, Monsanto is developing ways to make food grow in drought conditions, something that might prove particularly useful to farmers in California. The company is pioneering advanced plant breeding, thanks to its ability to map out entire genetic sequences of crops.
“The only thing that fixes climate change is (more) plants,” Fraley said.
Two years ago, Monsanto paid $1.1 billion to acquire the Climate Corp. in San Francisco, which has developed mobile apps allowing farmers to monitor real-time information on weather and soil temperature. Such data science tools can help farmers better manage their crops during times of drought.
But people who distrust established science over climate change are also likely to continue to doubt the scientific benefits of GMOs.
Fraley, who did graduate work at UCSF, couldn't help notice the irony. The Bay Area, which first gave birth to biotechnology and data science — the two technologies that revolutionized agriculture — is also home to a sizable population that distrusts GMOs and vaccinating children against the measles.
“I don't see talking about GMOs is any different from talking about the science of vaccinations,” Fraley said. “We need to make people focus on science, not people's emotions.”
Thomas Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle business columnist. E-mail: tlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ByTomLee
New Research on Chronic Anxiety and the
Transcendental Meditation Technique
An Interview with David Orme-Johnson, Ph.D.
David Orme-Johnson, Ph.D., is a leading researcher of the Transcendental Meditation technique. They have published over 100 scientific papers, edited Volumes I and V of The Transcendental Meditation Program: Collected Papers, and served as an NIH consultant on meditation research. In a recent meta-analysis published in the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine, Dr. Orme-Johnson and Georgia Regents University researcher Vernon Barnes, Ph.D., found that the Transcendental Meditation® technique has a significant effect on reducing trait anxiety for people with high anxiety.
Due to chronic stress and the resulting chronic anxiety, many people feel sick, fatigued, or unable to cope with the demands of life. The fact is that a large proportion of our modern civilization is dealing with PTSD and chronic anxiety.
Here Dr. Orme-Johnson shares their reflections on this groundbreaking research with Enlightenment readers.
Linda Egenes: What is trait anxiety, and how big a problem is it?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Trait anxiety is chronic anxiety, the level of anxiety that stays with a person from day-to-day, as opposed to the anxiety that comes with a specific problem but then subsides. Chronic anxiety is the most common mental health problem in the United States today, impacting 40 million US adults—and that's about 18 percent of the population—every year. Chronic anxiety not only is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases, but it also leads to increased use of tobacco, alcohol, and other drugs when people self-medicate to reduce their anxiety.
Linda Egenes: How does anxiety relate to stress?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Stress is the fight-or-flight reflex, which prepares the body to engage in battle or to escape when we are faced with a threatening situation. As part of the stress response, a number of physiological changes occur. The breath rate accelerates, the heart beats faster, the blood pressure increases, muscles become tense, hands and feet become cold and sweaty, and the mouth becomes dry. And what is all this for? The stress response has a valuable function. It focuses our attention and heightens our senses, which mobilizes the body for a dynamic response to a threat.
Stressful experiences will exacerbate anxiety issues that a person may already have. A person with anxiety issues will find that stressful situations increase their anxiety. Or stress may create new anxieties. A soldier almost getting blown up and seeing their buddies killed may be haunted by the experience for the rest of their life, and anxiety is a major component of that syndrome, called post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Linda Egenes: So the stress response is good when it saves your life in a threatening situation, but not so good when it becomes chronic?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Right. Stress hormones such as cortisol get elevated during this fight-or-flight reflex, and that's a good thing for dealing with a dangerous situation. But if you are experiencing a prolonged period of stress—difficulty with your boss, or your computer crashes and you lose your critical data, or you're a soldier on a long tour of duty—your body is continually being activated in that fight-or-flight reflex. Over time, this often results in chronic stress response and chronic anxiety, which deplete your body's ability to respond to stress. Even a single powerful stressful experience can result in a chronic stress response and chronic anxiety.
Due to chronic stress and the resulting chronic anxiety, many people feel sick, fatigued, or unable to cope with the demands of life. The fact is that a large proportion of our modern civilization is dealing with PTSD and chronic anxiety.
Linda Egenes: How does the TM technique reduce anxiety?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: The effects of the Transcendental Meditation technique on the body are exactly the opposite of the stress response. The TM technique decreases respiratory rate, decreases heart rate, decreases blood pressure, and decreases muscle tension. The palms become dryer, as measured by the galvanic skin response, and levels of the stress hormone cortisol drop.
The interesting point is that the Transcendental Meditation technique is not only effective in reducing anxiety from short-term trauma, but is also highly effective in reducing the chronic anxiety that people experience when they have PTSD.
“I was a member of the team of TM teachers that went to Armenia in 1989 immediately after a major earthquake in which thousands of people were killed. During the first meditation, tears began to roll down people's faces. One soldier I taught who was suffering from shell-shock could not speak. After they were instructed in the TM technique, they started talking again.”
I was a member of the team of TM teachers that went to Armenia in 1989 immediately after a major earthquake in which thousands of people were killed. The whole country was traumatized. Every person had lost a family member or a friend, or had helped dig people out of the rubble. Over a six-month period, I personally taught the Transcendental Meditation technique to 2,000 people, and our group taught well over 40,000 people.
During the first meditation, tears began to roll down people's faces. One soldier I taught who was suffering from shell-shock could not speak. After they were instructed in the TM technique, they started talking again. One woman was so traumatized that they were afraid to come out of their room. After learning TM, they rounded up their friends to learn, because they felt such relief from their fear and anxiety.
Linda Egenes: After doing research on the TM technique for so many years, that must have been a moving experience, to see the effects first-hand in such a dramatic situation.
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Yes, it was incredibly fulfilling. And the interesting thing is that by stepping out of chronic stress and anxiety, the person gains more physiological reserves to deal with future stress. For example, if you measure the resting levels of breath rate, heart rate, and blood pressure in TM practitioners, they are lower than in the control subjects. Many studies have also shown that meditators have lower baseline levels of cortisol outside of meditation. This means that when the stressful situation happens, the TM meditators actually have a greater cortisol response—a faster increase in cortisol when needed.
In the first study that I ever did, published in Psychosomatic Medicine in 1973, we found that with the practice of TM, subjects not only responded more vigorously to a stressor, but with repeated stimulation from repeated stressors, the meditators recovered faster than the control groups. And their autonomic nervous systems—that part of the nervous system involved in emotions and motivation—were more stable. This is a physiological correlate of decreased anxiety.
Linda Egenes: Let's talk about your new meta-study. Can you explain why the results were greater for highly stressed populations, such as prisoners?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Well, if you are not anxious to begin with, it won't change much with meditation. TM balances the system, so it will balance what's out of balance, which may be different for different people. We already knew from research that the Transcendental Mediation technique gives relief from stress due to the physiological changes taking place during meditation. And in looking at the studies on prisoners and other people who are highly anxious, we have found that within a few days, or within a couple of weeks, trait anxiety decreases dramatically.
This finding was based on combining the results of 16 randomized-controlled trials, the gold standard in medical research, to determine an overall effect. There were a total of 1,295 subjects in the studies.
As a result of practicing the Transcendental Meditation technique, individuals with anxiety levels in the 90th percentile—higher than 90 percent of the rest of the adult population—showed dramatic reductions in anxiety. Their anxiety levels dropped to the 57th percentile, slightly above what is considered average.
Linda Egenes: What about people with less anxiety—did their anxiety levels go down too?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Yes. The groups in the study that started in the 60th percentile, a little above average, showed more modest reductions, to the 48th percentile, which is a little below average.
The meta-analysis also found that the TM technique produces significant improvements in other areas impacted by anxiety, such as blood pressure, insomnia, emotional numbness, family problems, employment status, and drug and alcohol abuse. And prisoners showed decreased recidivism and rule infractions.
In addition, research shows that the TM technique improves clarity of thinking, creativity, and brain functioning, as shown by increased EEG coherence. All of these factors have the effect of reducing anxiety. A lot of anxiety is produced when we don't know what to do in a situation. The rest that TM produces is not just physiological rest. TM makes your thinking clearer, and then you are not so anxious because you can see how to deal with a problem and solve it.
“The rest that TM produces is not just physiological rest. TM makes your thinking clearer, and then you are not so anxious because you can see how to deal with a problem and solve it.”
Linda Egenes: So people with low anxiety may benefit in other ways from practicing the Transcendental Meditation technique?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Yes. For example, the group that showed the least change in anxiety was a group of coronary heart patients who had metabolic syndrome. In this group, anxiety was a secondary concern compared to their heart disease. Because their anxiety levels weren't high to begin with, their anxiety levels didn't change as dramatically. But their metabolic syndrome improved, and the study concluded that TM had a statistically significant effect on other important measures, such as improved metabolic syndrome, decreased systolic blood pressure, decreased insulin resistance, and heart rate variability.
So even if a person is not highly anxious to begin with, whatever health issues they do have are going to be balanced out, because during the practice of TM the physiology normalizes itself.
Linda Egenes: How does that happen?
Dr. Orme-Johnson: Everybody knows that when you get sick, probably the most important part of the treatment is that you rest. The body has its own self-regulating mechanisms—we call it your homeostatic feedback system—which are constantly trying to perfect your system and to balance it out to its most ideal state. During rest those mechanisms come into play, and the body repairs itself.
The TM technique produces a unique level of coherent deep rest, which allows your body to normalize itself. So whatever imbalances are there, TM is going to help rebalance them. And that is what the research shows.
Linda Egenes is co-editor of Enlightenment: The Transcendental Meditation® Magazine.  They are the author of five books, including Super Healthy Kids: A Parent's Guide to Maharishi Ayurveda, co-authored with Kumuda Reddy, M.D.
Tweet Myconian Kyma Perched atop a hill overlooking Mykonos Town, the Myconian Kyma is an 81-room ode to relaxation. In addition to the rooms and suites, which offer king size beds, Mediterranean views, and Nespresso machines, the property also has a massive pool area, a full-service spa, a fine-dining restaurant, and a casual poolside bar. The atmosphere is so enchanting, there's even a chapel on site for those that want to make a more permanent memory during their stay. Stay Resorts More Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Pan Am Experience Step into any economy class cabin, and it's clear that the Golden Age of flying is long gone. Or is it? The Pan Am Experience lets you relive what it was like. Your ticket includes a gourmet meal, served in a recreation of a Pan Am 747 jumbo jet from the '70s. Every detail is authentic, from the seats to the uniforms to the china to the price: expect to pay about $300 a head for your "flight." See Experiences More Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet The Line Hotel Los Angeles, California Like the Koreatown neighborhood in which it sits, The Line Hotel doesn't slow down just because it's late. Inside the walls of this new 388-room property — a modern building that dates back to 1964 — you'll find Speek, a mid-century-styled lounge from the Houston brothers that stays open until the wee hours, a late-night bakery, a Poketo store that's open 24-hours, Korean restaurant Pot from chef Roy Choi, with an adjoining bar, Commissary, a fruit and vegetable-focused greenhouse/restaurant, and a delivery service that promises to pick up anything in the neighborhood and bring it right to your door. And then there are the rooms, which feature modern decor, exposed concrete walls, Baxter of California bath goods, curated minibars, and free Wi-Fi. Stay Hotels More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Buckhead Treehouse Atlanta, Georgia Give yourself all the ambiance of a retreat in the woods and all the convenience of the city with a stay at this Buckhead Treehouse. Nestled in the woods not far from I-75, this unique retreat is made up of three separate areas connected by rope bridges: a living room with 80 year old butterfly-filled windows, a 12-candle chandelier, comfortable, antique seating for 6, and a balcony overlooking an acre of lush woods, a deck with a hammock and dart board, and a bedroom with a pillow-top double bed that can be wheeled out onto an outdoor platform, a small desk, and an antique birdcage. Just in case you feel too isolated, the house also has WiFi, but with a bottle of wine and snacks guaranteed on your arrival, we'd recommend just kicking back and relaxing. Stay Hotels More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Cane & Table New Orleans, Louisiana With warm temperatures and a location close to the water, the French Quarter seems like a perfect place for a rum-focused bar. And in Cane & Table, it has one. This rustic, vintage-looking bar features an inventive cocktail menu of "protoTiki" drinks that often feature the sugar cane-derived spirit — hence the name — as well as a short food menu made up of mostly small plates and sides. Also on the drinks menu are a selection of natural ciders, sherry, beer, and white and red wines, any of which are ideal for enjoying out on the spacious patio. Sip Bars More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Mistura Magdalena del Mar, Peru If you like Peruvian cuisine — or even if you simply want to learn more about it — there's no better place to head than Mistura. Stretching across ten days, this event is organized by the Peruvian Gastronomy Society and brings together all the country's ethnic groups and diverse cuisines together in a single celebration that ranks as the most popular food fair in Latin America, complete with a grand market, cooking demonstrations, and more, all set on the shores of the Pacific. Photos: Supayfotos/ APEGA See Events More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Brutus Montreal, Canada Alright, so it's really as much of a bar as it is a restaurant, but Brutus is making a name for itself based on its food as much as its drinks. Why? Because practically everything on the menu contains bacon, including bacon doughnuts, a bacon sausage hot dog, bacon sushi, and the pièce de résistance, Jägerpoutine — a mix of bacon, caramelized red onions, cheese curds, and Jägermeister sauce, poured over french fries, and served in half of a recycled Jägermeister bottle. There's also bacon elements to many of the drinks, making this a must-see for bacon lovers visiting Quebec. Scarf Restaurants More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Soho House Chicago Chicago, Illinois You don't need to have a membership to enjoy a stay at Soho House Chicago, but it certainly doesn't hurt. The newest member of the Soho Group, which runs 12 houses in places like Berlin, Miami, and London, this new establishment offers tiny, small, medium, and medium plus bedrooms to non-members, with guest status granting them access to the club's bars, restaurant, spa, screening room, and rooftop pool. Should you feel like becoming a member — potential members are vetted and normally come from creative industries — you'll also get access to the drawing room, library, and 15,000 sq ft gymnasium, and, depending on your membership, will be welcomed at all other Soho Houses worldwide. Stay Hotels More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet The Pastry War Houston, Texas Those of you who aren't well versed in your Mexican history might not realize The Pastry War is named after an 1838 conflict between Mexico and France, but it makes perfect sense when you realize this mezcaleria sports subtle French details throughout. The menu includes everything you'd expect, like margaritas, a healthy mezcal and tequila list, Mexican beers, and snacks including tamales and chips and salsa. What you might not expect? Several intriguing cocktail selections, craft beers from both the US and Mexico, a short menu of French wine, and, of course, pastries. Short on dough? Show up for happy hour, when house margaritas are $5, Mexican beers are $3, and games of pool are free. Sip Bars More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Poler Flagship Store Portland, Oregon Outdoor stuff purveyor Poler's original store was great, if a little cramped. That's not a problem anymore. The new Poler Flagship Store is a spacious 3,000 sq ft space where you can grab, tug on, chew, and otherwise test out their tees, bags, tents, jackets, beanies, hoodies, hats, and other goods before you decide to buy. There's also a selection of collabs with the likes of Raen, Stance, and Nike SB, camp-friendly goods from Juniper Ridge, Pendleton, Leatherman, and Airblaster, a playful mural by Lori D, and a gallery to serve as a pop-up exhibition space. Basically it's everything the old space was, just bigger and better. Shop Stuff More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
Tweet Edmund's Oast Charleston, South Carolina Named for an English-born patriot nicknamed "The Rebel Brewer" and the European term for a kiln used for drying hops, it's little surprise that Edmund's Oast is a restaurant that takes its beer seriously. They're so serious, in fact, that they have a small brewery on-site, and boast an impressive list of draught beers from around the globe. The food is is designed to be authentic and thoughtfully-sourced, with selections including fresh seafood, farm-fresh chicken, and fantastic charcuterie, and an inventive cocktail menu with two punches available on tap provides several options for those who want something a bit more powerful than beer. Scarf Restaurants More Info Share SAVE Deets Facebook Tumblr Stumble Upon Google+ Share Twitter Email Link
2. Prepare the Vegetables for Fermenting
There are several ways to prepare the vegetables for fermenting: grating, shredding, chopping, slicing, or leaving whole. How you choose to prepare your vegetables is a personal choice, though some vegetables are better suited for leaving whole, while others ferment better when shredded or grated. Read more about these nuances and how to prepare vegetables for fermenting here.
3. Decide If You Will Use Salt, Whey, or a Starter Culture
A fermented food recipe may call specifically for salt, salt and whey, or a starter culture. The method chosen can vary, depending on personal taste, special dietary requirements, and even the vegetables used. The information presented in this article can help you decide between salt, whey, and starter cultures for fermenting vegetables.
If salt fermentation is the preferred method, choose from the different kinds of salt appropriate for culturing.
4. Use Water to Prepare the Brine
Water used for preparing brine or starter culture should be as free from contaminants as possible, for the best-tasting fermented vegetables. Consider the points in this article before choosing your water source for culturing.
5. Weigh the Vegetables Down Under the Brine
Once the vegetables have been prepared and placed in the chosen fermentation vessel, weigh the vegetables down under the brine, keeping them in an anaerobic environment during the fermentation period.
6. Move the Fermented Vegetables to Cold Storage
Once the vegetables are finished culturing, it's time to move them to cold storage. When new to fermenting, it may be difficult to know exactly when to consider the vegetables finished. Follow these tips for deciding when vegetables are ready for cold storage, to enjoy the finished vegetables for as long as possible.
7. Troubleshooting
As with any culturing process, each batch of fermented vegetables can turn out differently. If the vegetables grow mold or yeast on top, use this guide to decide what to do about mold and how to prevent it in future batches.
SEE ALSO: Fermented Vegetables Terminology from A to Z
FERMENTED VEGETABLE RECIPES
Ready to get started culturing? Try out one of the following easy lacto-fermented vegetable recipes!
We also encourage you to browse our complete list of lacto-fermented vegetable recipes!
Custom report types in Salesforce are great. They let you build an array of relationships to see data in a variety of complex ways. But they also hold some secrets that most admins don't know about.
It wasn't until I took the Advanced Administrator certification class that I learned the secret functionality of custom report types. With just a few extra keystrokes, administrators can make these reports far more user-friendly.
Let's take a look!
Set Default Fields
When selecting a standard report type, Salesforce will populate the report with a few default fields. This makes the report building process much easier.
Custom report types don't default any data adding several extra steps for users. But, you can add some immediate value to the report by defaulting fields to the report type – giving users an immediate report template to build off of.
Here's how to do it!
Access the report type by clicking Setup | Create | Report Types | Report Type Name. Click Edit Layout in the Fields Available for Reports section. Fields with a checkbox in front of the label are already defaulted. To add a field to the default layout, double-click the field name. In the window that opens, check the box titled Checked by Default.
Notice that in this new window that opened, the field label can also be changed in the Display As section. The change made here doesn't reflect on the Salesforce record – it just updates the name in the report builder and the output report.
This is an excellent way to add clarification to a particular field if there tends to be user confusion or wholly rename everything. I think there is an April Fool's day joke in there somewhere!
Conversely, to remove a field from being a default value on the report, uncheck the Checked by Default box.
Hide Specific Fields from Reports
Custom report types also allow us to determine which fields can be reported on.
Have old fields that you don't want users to be able to pull into a report? Perhaps you just wish to reduce the number of fields available to report on to help streamline the report creation process. It can be done!
While fields can be removed, it is important to note that sometimes, fields also need to be added to the report type. Specifically, when adding new fields to an object, the new field doesn't always show up in the report because it hasn't been added to the report type.
If this seems janky to you, it is. Vote for this idea to have new fields automatically added to report types.
Alright, let's look at how to hide or show fields on the custom report type. Follow steps 1 and 2 above to access the report type.
First of all, notice that on the right side of the page, there is a box that shows fields for each object in the report type. In the View section, choose the object to review.
Fields that are available on the report are shaded gray. The fields with the green/brown color are hidden from the report type. This means that users will be unable to report on the data in these fields.
When a new field is added to your object, it tends to end up here – inaccessible to the report.
To add this field to the report type, simply drag it into the appropriate section.
Add Fields via Lookup
Not only can you add or remove fields related to the objects in the report type, but additional fields from related objects can be added to the report as well.
In the report type that I have been working with, Accounts and Contacts are the two primary objects. But let's say that I want to pull in more specific information on a related object (where a lookup field is used) such as owner email address. We can do that!
In the above screenshot, you'll notice a hyperlink under the object picklist which says Add fields related via lookup. When clicking on this, all objects related to the selected object will display. In this example, I am looking at Account Fields. When I click the link, this is what I see:
By clicking into any one of the options, I'm presented with and add any number of additional fields. Clicking on Account Owner, I can select any number of fields related to the owner including email address.
These additional fields are useful for adding additional context to the data but also for slicing and dicing the data multiple ways using filters.
Change Field Section Folder Names
Salesforce's report builder does a decent job of grouping fields in the field panel, but certain fields make sense in a different folder section. There may even be a need to create a whole new custom folder section.
In the above image, we can see that there are two folders in the field panel of the report – Accounts and Contacts. These folders match the sections visible in the custom report type editor (where we were adding, removing and defaulting fields above).
Let's say that we want to create a new section and organize the fields totally different than what Salesforce provides.
Following steps 1 and 2 above to access the custom report type, the click Create New Section. Once the section is created, drag and drop any fields from other sections to this new section.
To edit the labels of existing sections, click Edit in the red header to rename.
Hide Unused Report Types
In the Spring '14 release, Salesforce gave us the ability to hide unused report types. With so many default report types provided, hiding unused report types can increase adoption of reports, reduce confusion for users and streamline the process of choosing a type of report to build.
To hide specific report types:
Click Reports | New Report… Check the box titled Select Report Types to Hide Click the check mark to change it to an X and hide the report type
With these hidden functionality gems, reporting will become more productive and provide users with a lower barrier to entry when it comes to creating their own reports. We all want self-sufficient users and simplification is one of the key components to users helping themselves.
Consider adding the report type clean-up to your list of items to audit so that they are regularly cleaned and updated and unused report types are removed from view or deleted.
What other setting or tips and tricks did I miss when it comes to report types? Let me know – leave a comment!
We've seen some pretty amazing views of solar eclipses and other planets, and now Boeing's Defense, Space and Security Unit's new unmanned submarine named [Echo Voyager] (http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129658#assets_117) will explore the depths of our planet's ocean. The third autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) in Boeing's Echo series can operate for three months or more (depending on the mission) with its upgraded hybrid rechargeable power system.
Boeing is pretty excited about welcoming the new addition to the Echo family.
This new upgrade is a major step for Boeing, because Echo Voyager's two predecessors could only collect data for two to three days autonomously. Its 51-foot-long gray and yellow body is impressive next to the 32-foot Echo Seeker and 18-foot Echo Ranger. However, Echo Voyager could only dive down to 11,000 feet (about two miles), while Echo Seeker can reach 20,000 feet (3.7 miles).
Today #Boeing welcomes a new Unmanned Undersea Vehicle to the
family. Watch this feed to learn more. pic.twitter.com/VBiYvQ1knJ — Boeing Defense (@BoeingDefense) March 10, 2016
“If I choose one word to describe Echo Voyager: Awesome,” Lance Towers, director of Boeing Phantom Works, says in the below video that was posted Thursday.
Because the system enables Echo Voyager to remain submerged for longer periods of time, “missions can be conducted at significantly lower costs,” they said. “That's a capability that does not exist today.”
AUVs are basically underwater robots. Boeing's Echo vessels have gone on a wide range of missions, from sea surface surveillance to subsea search and military investigations. Last year, the baby of the family, Echo Ranger, took part in an oceanic anthropology study by the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and Coda Octopus, collecting 3-D images of the sunken World War II aircraft carrier, the U.S.S. Independence.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Boeing Echo Ranger took this 3D image of USS Independence in Half Moon Bay, California on a single pass.
Boeing foresees Echo Voyager embarking on extended operations that were not possible before: taking sonar surveys of sea floor, detecting radiation, locating ocean wreckage, and studying oil and gas deposits in the ocean.
Towers said that Echo Voyager could have helped during the Gulf of Mexico oil spill in 2010: “If we had the baseline water chemistry of the gulf before the tragic event we would have been able to take that baseline information and go back out and do subsequent surveys and determine how fast or how slow the gulf is recovering,” they said.
Today, underwater operations use surface ships that lower probes or tug along remote-operated vehicles to collect data, which can take up large amounts of time, said Towers.
Echo Voyager, on the other hand, “can do a lot of that processing while out at sea and then surface and provide that information to its users almost in a real-time environment,” they said.
It was only July of last year when Echo Seeker was announced, but engineers started designing Echo Voyager almost three years ago. Boeing has been developing AUV technology and vessels for 50 years or so, serving customers like the U.S. Department of Defense, NOAA, international governments, and agencies. The cost of operation depends on the mission, but Boeing officials could not disclose the cost of production or potential cost for the customer.
Echo Voyager will test its system off the coast of California later this summer, with a potential ocean survey as one of its first missions.
Watch out, Rust Belt: The robots are coming. And they're after one of the more precious resources in these beleaguered U.S. manufacturing hubs: jobs.
That, at least, is the implication of a new analysis by the Brookings Institute, “Where the robots are,” that suggests the rise of robotics and automation will clobber the same areas hit by manufacturing's decline, as technology radically changes how things get made (and how many workers are necessary to make them).
Since industrial robots work best where there's industry, it's no surprise they're currently clustered in the Midwest and upper South, according to the article, key areas in auto manufacturing. Michigan alone accounts for 28,000 of the nation's industrial robots, 12 percent of the total, and metro Detroit boasts 8.5 industrial robots per 1,000 workers.
The Rust Belt, as some have said, is becoming the Robot Belt, knocking another serious blow to the region, where cities, like Pittsburgh, have only in the last decade or so really bounced back with advanced manufacturing, innovation hubs, and attempts to diversify their economy. As Mark Munro, Senior Fellow and Policy Director at Brookings, puts it, “anxiety about robots—like their physical distribution—will also likely have its own geography.”
The Brookings study joins a chorus of stories predicting a new type of robot apocalypse, different than the one we see in science fiction. It's man versus machine, with manufacturing, and many other parts of the economy at stake. The takes differ considerably, especially when it comes to which industries and sectors are most at risk, and how much we're actually at risk: Some believe the real hits will come in transportation, storage, and retail, where more than 40 percent of jobs in these sectors will be replaceable due to this new wave of technology. Some reports even believe that these changes will result in economic growth and new job opportunities.
What all these predictions share, however, is a belief that we aren't prepared for this shift toward automation. Automation has become a stand-in for economic anxiety, especially in areas that have already been hit by technological shifts, globalization, and increasing inequality. For city and local leaders, however, it should become a proxy for coming economic shifts, and challenge policymakers and corporate leaders to find the will to adjust. Like it or not, automation is making an impact and will only become more pronounced.
With the Trump administration more focused on changing trade policies as a means to improve employment and the economy—Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin has said this kind of technological displacement is “not even on [the administration's] radar screen”—other levels of government need to step up.
Numerous other industries will likely be reshaped by automation, too, not just manufacturing. Telemarketers, insurance underwriters and appraisers, tax preparers, and cashiers may also be at risk, according to an Oxford University study. Many expect the retail industry, already clobbered by Amazon, to continue to shed jobs, according to a study by the Cornerstone Capital Group; up to 47 percent of the 16 million Americans currently working in retail could be made redundant.
What's most distressing about these predictions is how automation's impact is expected to move down the wage ladder; after hurting manufacturing employment, which often offered more stable and significant wages, now robots are coming after lower-wage jobs in the service sector. That'll hurt some of the least well-off Americans, and based on the way certain industries have clustered, will mean some metro areas will feel the greatest effects, according to an analysis from the Institute for Spatial Economic Analysis.
In Las Vegas and Riverside-San Bernardino in California, for example, each of which relies heavily on many of these industries, 65 and 63 percent of total jobs are at stake. Other vulnerable cities include El Paso, Texas; Orlando, Florida; and Louisville, Kentucky.
“We felt it was really stunning, since we are underestimating the probability of automation,” said Johannes Moenius, the director of the Institute for Spatial Economic Analysis at the University of Redlands, told The Atlantic, about the extent of potential losses.
So many communities are still coping with early waves of technological shifts, manufacturing moves, and economic changes. How can cities recover while readying themselves for something perhaps more swift and unpredictable?
Many cities are trying to get ahead of the shift by pursuing and promoting new manufacturing and training initiatives to help prepare for the next generation of job shifts. Creating partnerships with regional educational leaders and corporate leaders to create new training and educational programs, and encouraging initiatives that focus on skills for new manufacturing can help build new job opportunities and new businesses.
As Vox's Ezra Klein, who is skeptical that AI will lead to massive unemployment, wrote in a story this week, “as technology drives people out of the most necessary jobs, we invent less necessary jobs that we nevertheless imbue with profound meaning and even economic value.” Automation may create the conditions for new types of jobs; in that case, education and training become even more necessary to help weather and even take advantage of the transition.
The manufacturing industry is changing and favoring small companies and the maker movement; in 2014, more than 350,000 manufacturing concerns consisted of a single owner/employee, a 17 percent boost from a decade ago. Small businesses can and are growing in this sector (and, ironically, can operate in part because of the efficiencies brought about by automation).
Programs that help promote these firms have been seen as pathways to jobs that pay well: New York City has set aside $64 million in its Industrial Developer Fund to make manufacturing centers and floorspace more affordable. And the city's Tech Talent Pipeline is helping to shape education in the region and create pipelines to funnel talent in regional businesses.
The Equitable Innovation Economies Initiative, a project of the Pratt Center for Community Development, has also promoted efforts in multiple cities to increase the pool of tech talent and incubate a more diverse range of firms, like the Local Initiatives Support Corporation in Indianapolis, which has turned an abandoned industrial district into a new tech corridor.
Experts say say with a period of even more rapid adjustment and shifting employment coming, changes at the federal level that build a more flexible and robust safety net would cushion the coming blows. The U.S. government could put more money toward retraining and educational readjustment programs for workers, including the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program, which was set up to retrain and reskill workers.
No programs exist, and no funding is directly channeled, to those who have been economically displaced due to automation, and our total funding for these efforts lags far behind our peers: The U.S. currently spends about 0.1 percent of its GDP on programs to help workers adjust to workplace shifts; France spends nearly 10 times more (as measured in percent of their GDP).
With economic changes coming more rapidly than ever, improved vocational education and skills training are paramount to creating sustainable development and education. According to Preparing New York for the Next Wave of Automation, a report released by the Center for an Urban Future, with such a wide-range of urban jobs needing to evolve as automation reshapes industries, education needs to be fundamentally reformed. Industry and academia need to team up to create new ways to retrain workers faster, and with the latest technologies and job skills.
One example the new Pathways in Technology Early College High School (P-TECH) education model—which teaches high school students core subjects and provides an Associate's degree in an applied science, engineering, or a computer-related field—has been promoted as a way to teach immediately applicable skills early and often. City leaders need to take the initiative to build development programs and educational systems that reflect that new reality.
A man yelled at authorities during a protest of a grand jury's decision not to indict two white Cleveland police officers in the fatal shooting of Tamir Rice.
CLEVELAND — The city must devise a new use-of-force policy and have officers trained to implement it by the end of 2016 under a court-ordered plan to reform the troubled Cleveland Police Department.
A monitoring team hired to oversee the federal consent decree submitted the plan to US District Judge Solomon Oliver Jr. Monday.
Cleveland and the US Department of Justice agreed last year to allow the court to oversee police reform after a federal investigation concluded there was a pattern of Cleveland police officers using excessive force and violating people's civil rights.
Advertisement
The first-year plan includes requirements that the city create policies and programs to address those concerns, including development of a ‘‘comprehensive and integrated community and problem-oriented policing model.''
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
A key element is the fostering of better relationships between police and the communities they serve. The consent decree requires officers to do their jobs free of bias and prejudice.
Matthew Barge, who heads the monitoring team that reports to Oliver, said the plan was devised with the support and collaboration of Cleveland officials. City officials declined to be interviewed about the plan last week.
‘‘The specific plan sets up a framework for accomplishing some key work in fundamental areas,'' Barge said. ‘‘That's something everyone involved thought made sense.''
Steven Dettelbach, the US attorney for northern Ohio, said the amount of input and collaboration on the first-year plan is evidence of the commitment to reform the police force.
Advertisement
‘‘This 70-page, painstaking to-do list delivers a clear public message: As Clevelanders, we are not afraid to get down to work,'' Dettelbach said.
Under the plan, Cleveland is required to devise policies over the next 12 months on training; create a new recruitment policy that better reflects the makeup of the city, which is more than half black; come up with a procedure to deal with people who are having mental health crises; hire a civilian to head the department's internal affairs unit; and overhaul the city's Office of Professional Standards, which investigates citizen complaints about police.
Mayor Frank Jackson has said the consent decree will cost the city millions of dollars over the coming years.
The plan requires the city to conduct a study in the next year to assess its needs and priorities for equipment and resources, including the number of officers needed to ‘‘fulfill its mission and to satisfy the requirements of the agreement.''
All changes and the crafting of new policies will be done with input from the community and officers across the ranks, Barge said. They said reforming the department ‘‘isn't going to happen in a conference room. To change an organization and to change the culture, you have to do reform in a bottom-up kind of way.''
Advertisement
In a separate development Monday, the US Department of Justice's Office of Community Oriented Policing Services launched a review of the San Francisco Police Department, which has faced scrutiny over the shooting death of a young black man and reports of homophobic and racist text messages being exchanged between officers.
Law enforcement experts said such a review is a less onerous process for police than if the DOJ's Civil Rights Division had launched an investigation. That division can force departments into court-monitored legal settlements after finding constitutional violations, as it did in Cleveland and Ferguson, Mo.
A review by the so-called COPS office is usually designed to help the targeted department improve its operations, said University of Missouri St. Louis criminal justice professor David Klinger. ‘‘It's much more a partnership to improve policies and practices as opposed to a court takeover,'' Klinger said.
Last week, San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee called on the DOJ to look into the department after calls from the American Civil Liberties Union and lawyers for the family of Mario Woods, 26, who was shot dead by officers Dec. 2.
Police said they stabbed a stranger and then refused to drop a knife when approached by officers.
After more than a week of free-agency action, it's time to take stock of what teams have accomplished thus far. We'll assign highly scientific and inarguable grades for each NFL team's free-agent haul thus far, noting their additions and subtractions. The NFC South is below.
Atlanta Falcons
The Falcons have been on the hunt for a top-tier center since Peter Konz went bust as Todd McClure's replacement in 2013. They landed the best available one in Alex Mack, who solidifies an offensive line with two up-and-coming tackles in Jake Matthews and Ryan Schraeder. The contract for new No. 2 receiver Mohamed Sanu has been heavily criticized, but the former Bengals wideout will prove to be a marked upgrade over a declining Roddy White. Even if we'd love to see an athletic tight end to pair with Jacob Tamme, this offense is on the upswing.
Bringing back Adrian Clayborn didn't generate headlines, but they were an effective interior pass rusher after moving from defensive end last season. That wasn't even our favorite signing on Atlanta's defense. Former Dolphins defensive end Derrick Shelby was a force down the stretch as Cameron Wake's replacement. A strong run defender, they will team with Clayborn as an interior pocket pusher on obvious passing downs. Grade: A-
Carolina Panthers
Dave Gettleman remains one of the NFL's shrewdest general managers, convincing pass rusher Charles Johnson to return on a one-year, $3 million contract while Olivier Vernon coaxed more than $50 million guaranteed out of the Giants. Are we sure Vernon is a better player than a healthy Johnson? The Panthers also re-signed All-Pro fullback Mike Tolbert and added run-stuffer Paul Soliai to the menacing defensive tackle duo of Kawann Short and Star Lotulelei. This roster remains the class of the NFC South. Grade: B+
New Orleans Saints
How are the salary-cap strapped Saints going to fix a defense that earned the worst grade ever recorded by the metrics site Football Outsiders in 2015? To this point, linebacker James Laurinaitis -- cut by the Rams last month after forcing just one fumble in seven years -- is the only noteworthy addition.
We were surprised to see Coby Fleener, one of the softest tight ends in the league, land $36 million over five years in New Orleans while the Saints watched Ben Watson walk out the door on a much cheaper contract in Baltimore. Grade: D+
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Bucs got off to a quick start, re-signing tackle-breaking All-Pro tailback Doug Martin to keep the game's best backfield tandem in place. Martin teamed with passing-down specialist Charles Sims for 2,763 yards from scrimmage last season. With veteran guard Logan Mankins retiring, general manager Jason Licht imported J.R. Sweezy from Seattle. The offense should only improve as Jameis Winston continues to develop.
Although we appreciate the under-the-radar addition of Robert Ayers at defensive end, we're not convinced the patchwork secondary is any better with Brent Grimes and Josh Robinson in town. Grimes was picked on at times last season, having lost a step from their Pro Bowl prime in Miami. Grade: B
Just Updated
Sweet Escape
*Release Notes*
This is an open BETA of the multiplayer system. If there are any bugs please let us know by emailing support@sweetescapevr.com so we can fix it and make it better :-D
What? You thought we had abandoned you like our childhood dreams to be a famous action hero? Well, we're back and, man, we broke a lot of things along the way. Hearts, code, servers, the foundations of space time, and so many cans of energy drinks.
How else did you expect us to get so skinny? You noticed, right? We dropped half our size in this update. It was hard work too. Last time we dropped this much weight was the morning after we thought trying to get on the “30 Tacos or more” Wall of Shame at our favorite Mexican place was a good idea. Life tip, it's never a good idea. But this update was. And now our summer bikini bodies are ready. Time to play!
Speaking of not playing by yourself, we've injected a little instant action into our multiplayer. No more lobbys or small talk or trying to figure out if the one night thing is worth the regret. It's now one button push and you're in, wham, climbing giant mounds of sugary goodness. There's nothing like jumping into the action with someone you just met and grabbing two handfuls of victory while top. Hey, we're talking about our new multiplayer here. No teasing here, one push and you're in!
Soooo, yeah, we forgot to tell you something. If you die in Sweet Escape, we kinda, sorta, own your soul. Yeah, it's in that small type somewhere in the code when you start the game. When you die in the game, your soul is captured and we make it play against your friends when you're soullessly wandering the real world. Good thing is you can haunt your friends scoreboards by all the rounds you played before. Round after round, your well trained ghost soul can trounce their real avatar in each game. Hell, we're even breaking the laws of paranormal paradoxical metaphysics and making your own ghost haunt you. Now you can proverbially feel what it's like to kick yourself in your own junk. Hurts, don't it?
Since we were talking about your friends, or soon to be ex-friends, lets talk about our new leaderboards. Our new leaderboards will stack you up against everyone and showcase all the shiny new high scores you'll be getting, so you're going to be making a lot of enemies. But don't worry, while it's lonely at the top, it's one helluva view to look down at all the slow losers called your friends.
And who doesn't like the digital merit badges called Achievements? We certainly love them. It's like the gaming world's version of Who's shoes are bigger (substitute “shoes” for anything, like sandwiches or cars or crippling student loan debt). It's an ego building exercise. We want to squeeze all that dopamine out of your gland when that little unlock notification pops up. We want you to feel good about everything you've accomplished in your life. We're here for you. We love you. We would never lie to you.
Oh, you didn't like looking at the same player face and body beating you time and time again? Now everyone can customize their avatars so you can get beat in many different faces. Isn't diversity fun?
Finally, we updated art. What did you expect? Not every one of these has to be funny? We updated the art because we wanted it to look better. Sometimes, it's good to do things just to make the world a better, more enjoyable place. It's also really really close to the deadline for release and we just got lazy. Do you want funny release notes or really kick ass new art? Yeah, we thought so. Stop complaining.
More than 4.29 million of Scotland's adults now signed up for independence vote, with 118,640 added in last month
A record number of people have registered to vote in the Scottish independence referendum, with 97% of the adult population now ready to take part in next week's vote.
A total of 4,285,323 makes this the largest electorate the country has ever known for any election or referendum.
The figure includes 118,640 voters who have registered in the last month alone, as well as 789,024 postal voters. It marks an increase of over 300,000 since the last Westminster election in 2012 and includes 16- and 17-year-olds who have had the vote extended to them for the first time.
The unprecedented levels of registration suggest that predictions of a high turnout next Thursday – Alex Salmond has said that they expect 80% – will come to pass. Turnout in Scotland for the 2010 Westminster election was 63.8%, dipping to 50.4% the following year for elections to the Holyrood parliament.
Much has been made in recent months of the so-called "missing million" – a term that describes both those eligible to vote but missing from the register and those who are registered but habitually do not vote – and whether they could swing the referendum result in favour of independence.
While pro-independence groups like the Radical Independence Campaign (RIC) have organised registration drives in some of Scotland's most deprived and disenfranchised areas, Labour and Better Together campaigners likewise claim they had brought in thousands of new voters who will back the union.
Jock Gordon, 39, a volunteer at the Galgael Trust in Govan, on Glasgow's south side and one of RIC's target areas, explains that they had "fallen through every gap in every system" after becoming homeless in 1993. Putting themselves back on the register earlier in the summer, they describe the forthcoming referendum as "the one chance I've got to have my voice heard in a constructive way".
"This isn't for any political party. This is for the people of Scotland. It doesn't matter which way you vote as long as you're making an informed opinion."
28-year-old Lynsey MacGregor, another Galgael volunteer, came off the electoral roll to avoid a bank debt in their early twenties. They went to their local registration office as the midnight deadline was approaching last week. "The queue was out the door and there was one woman looking very harried with masses of forms."
"It was really exciting to see all these people who were like me, had never really voted, never been very interested or felt they could make a difference, thinking 'there's a point to this'. It just made me feel really hopeful."
This referendum is, says MacGregor, "the first time I've ever properly felt my vote would make a difference" and they will, like Gordon, be voting yes. A Survation poll for Thursday's Daily Record suggests that the yes campaign will win comfortably in Glasgow, and in central Scotland, but are behind in every other region.
Jonathan Shafi, co-founder of RIC, says that the figures are "testament to a movement which has been engaging with thousands of people over the past two years".
"I feel very confident that these newly registered voters will be voting yes. The reason that they have not voted before is because they feel alienated from the Westminster parties and from politics in general. People are seeing this referendum as a huge opportunity to restore democracy and grasp renewed objectives around social justice and peace."
For Des O'Sullivan, 31, a van driver who will be voting for the first time in next week's referendum, the mood in Glasgow is palpably for yes: "Everywhere you go, people are talking about it."
O'Sullivan says that they have never voted before through a mixture of disillusionment with the political system and a sense that "I didn't think it would affect my life".
But the fast approaching referendum has changed that. "People who were not exercised by any kind of politics see it as an opportunity to change how we organise our society."
One of the world's six remaining northern white rhinos died at the San Diego Zoo on Sunday, according to park officials.
Angalifu, 44, reportedly died of old age and had begun refusing to eat last week, reports the Los Angeles Times.
“Angalifu's death is a tremendous loss to all of us,” said Rancy Reiches, curator of mammals at the zoo's Safari Park.
Myriad attempts to breed Angalifu with the park's only other northern white rhino failed. The species now faces complete extinction after decades of wide-scale poaching.
[LAT]
50 Surprising Animal Pictures Felipe Dana—AP Rafael Torres—REUTERS KASPER PALSNOV—AFP/Getty Images Matej Divizna—Getty Images ALESSANDRO BIANCHI—REUTERS Petar Petrov—NurPhoto/Corbis HANDOUT—REUTERS WANG ZHAO—AFP/Getty Images REUTERS Jens Meyer—AP Carsten Rehder—ZUMAPRESS.com FABIAN BIMMER—REUTERS Amanda Brewer Chris McGrath—Getty Images MARTIN BERNETTI—AFP/Getty Images AP RONI BINTANG—REUTERS BEAWIHARTA—REUTERS Ulet Ifansasti—Getty Images Ariel Schalit—AP TOBY MELVILLE—REUTERS Chip Somodevilla—Getty Images JEROEN JUMELET—EPA Muhammed Muheisen—AP FREDRIK VON ERICHSEN—EPA Aaron Favila—AP NIR ELIAS—REUTERS ROPI/ZUMAPRESS REUTERS MUNIR UZ ZAMAN—AFP/Getty Images K.C. Alfred—ZUMAPRESS Maya Alleruzzo—AP AFP/Getty Images ODD ANDERSEN—AFP/Getty Images Bloomberg/ Getty Images SUTANTA ADITYA—AFP/Getty Images MIGUEL RIOPA—AFP/Getty Images KATE CUMMINGS—Barcroft Media /Landov Martin Mejia—AP David Gray—Reuters WILLIAM HONG—REUTERS JOHANNES EISELE—AFP/Getty Images Sue Ogrocki—AP KIMIMASA MAYAMA—EPA ALOK PATHANIA—AFP/Getty Images Corey Accardo—NOAA/AP Jorge Saenz—AP ROSLAN RAHMAN—AFP/Getty Images NACHO DOCE—REUTERS KIM JAE-SUN—EPA 1 of 50 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
(CNSNews.com) -- Two Muslim truck drivers were awarded $240,000 by a federal jury in Peoria, Illinois last month after they were fired for refusing to deliver beer because they claimed that doing so would violate their religious beliefs.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) sued Morton, Ill.-based Star Transport in May, 2013 on behalf of the two Somalis, Mahad Abass Mohamed and Abdkiarim Hassan Bulshale, for violating Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, which bans discrimination on the basis of religion.
Mohamed and Bulshale were each awarded $20,000 in compensatory damages, $100,000 in punitive damages, and $1,500 in back pay.
"Our investigation revealed that Star could have readily avoided assigning these employees to alcohol delivery without any undue hardship, but chose to force the issue despite the employees' Islamic religion," said EEOC District Director John P. Rowe when the suit was filed.
EEOC attorney June Calhoun argued that the company's decision to fire the truckers caused them “catastrophic” damages.
"This is an awesome outcome,” Calhoun said. “Star Transport failed to provide any discrimination training to its human resources personnel, which led to catastrophic results for these employees. They suffered real injustice that needed to be addressed.
“By this verdict, the jury remedied the injustice by sending clear messages to Star Transport and other employers that they will be held accountable for their unlawful employment practices. Moreover, they signaled to Mr. Mohamed and Mr. Bulshale that religious freedom is a right for all Americans."
"Everyone has a right to observe their or their religious beliefs, and employers don't get to pick and choose which religions and which religious practices they will accommodate,” said John Hendrickson, regional attorney for the EEOC's Chicago District office.
“If an employer can reasonably accommodate an employee's religious practice without an undue hardship, then it must do so. That is a principle which has been memorialized in federal employment law for almost 50 years, and it is why EEOC is in this case."
However, Star Transport went out of business earlier this year and it remains unclear how the former truckers will get their money.
A HOST of MasterChef favourites return to the reality cooking series next week.
Let's take a look at what some of the most popular contestants on the show have been up to since leaving the MasterChef kitchen:
JULIE GOODWIN The first Australian MasterChef recently starred on Network Ten's reality series, I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here.
Them recipes feature each month in the Australian Women's Weekly magazine and they have their own cooking school, Julie's Place, on the NSW central coast.
Goodwin has authored four cookbooks: Our Family Table, The Heart Of The Home, Gather and Julie Goodwin's 20/20 Meals (focusing on meals that can be created for $20 in 20 minutes).
They had their own show Home Cooked! With Julie Goodwin on the Nine Network and was nominated for the Most Popular New Female Talent Logie in 2011.
News_Rich_Media: Supermum Julie Goodwin has been crowned the first ever MasterChef champion.
News_Image_File: Poh Ling Yeow has a new show called Poh & Co.
POH LING YOW Poh stars in SBS reality series Poh and Co, which follows them and their partner Jonathan Bennett's life in Adelaide.
They have also had their own ABC television shows Poh's Kitchen and Poh's Kitchen on the Road and was nominated for the Most Popular New Female Talent Logie in 2011.
Poh, who is also an artist, is the author of Poh's Kitchen - My Cooking Adventures and Same Same But Different, which organises recipes in pairs that share a common process, ingredient or texture.
News_Rich_Media: Poh Ling Yeow has a new reality TV show Poh & Co on SBS. Courtesy: SBS TV
News_Image_File: Former MasterChef contestant Hayden Quinn.
HAYDEN QUINN Since appearing on the 2011 series, the former lifeguard has released cookbook Dish It Up and has created YouTube food adventure series Unrefined and Baking with Nutorious.
Quinn has also starred in The Dinner Project on Foxtel's LifestyleFOOD channel, where they travel to the country to meet people in their own homes and inspire them to cook simple, healthy meals.
In 2012, Quinn was crowned the Cleo Bachelor of the Year, described as the “total package” by the magazine's editor.News_Image_File: 2012 MasterChef's Kylie Millar.
KYLIE MILLAR After appearing on the series in 2012, Millar went on to work at Burch & Purchese Sweet Studio in Melbourne and Sydney's The Four Seasons, with Pei Modern's head chef Matt Germanchis.
They have also completed several stints at Spain's Mugaritz restaurant, which was voted the sixth best restaurant in the world.News_Image_File: Former MasterChef finalist Callum Hann.
CALLUM HANN Second series runner-up, Callum has cooked at The Press Club, Maha, Hellenic Republic, and PM24 and toured universities teaching students how to cook and eat well.
In 2011, they started their own cooking school in Adelaide, Sprout Cooking with dietitian Themis Chryssidis.
They have worked with Wesley Mission's Food For Families Appeal and Jamie Oliver's Home Cooking Skills. They also won $20,000 for the Cancer Council by taking out MasterChef Allstars.
Hann has two cookbooks: The Starter Kitchen and I'd Eat That!News_Image_File: Andy Allen, MasterChef 2012 winner.
ANDY ALLEN Since taking out the MasterChef 2012 title, Andy has been working at Three Blue Ducks restaurant in Sydney.
They have been making cooking content for YouTube and has recently signed with a US network.
Andy will team up with MasterChef 2012 mate Ben Milbourne for a new show on Network Ten later this year called Andy and Ben Eat The World. News_Image_File: Justine Schofield on MasterChef
JUSTINE SCHOFIELD Justine has fronted five seasons of daily weekday cooking show Everyday Gourmet on Network Ten since being one the series one favourites.
 They are writing their first cookbook, due out in the middle of next year, which will showcase their French heritage.
Justine plans to travel to Los Angeles this year to visit their partner Matt Doran, who will relocate there to host TV show Crime Watch Daily. News_Image_File: Andre Ursini of Andre's Cucina & Polenta Bar, pictured in Rymill Park.
ANDRE URSINI Andre appeared in the first ever MasterChef, cooking against Poh and Julie.
They now have their own successful Italian restaurant in Adelaide called Andre's Cucina and Polenta Bar, which was is considered among Australia's top eateries.
LAURA CASSAI Last year's series runner-up has their own cookbook, My Italian Kitchen and is working as a junior chef for Jock Zonfrillo at their Restaurant Orana, in Adelaide.
Laura also has an endorsement deal with San Remo Pasta.News_Image_File: Adam Liaw at their home in Chatswood.
ADAM LIAW The season two winner hosts Destination Flavour on SBS and has authored two cookbooks: Asian After Work and Two Asian Kitchens. They have written columns for The Wall Street Journal's Scene Asia and Good Food and is UNICEF Australia's National Ambassador for Nutrition. News_Image_File: Ex-MasterChef contestan Amina ElShafei.
AMINA ELSHAFEI MasterChef top 12 contestants in 2012 Amina Elshafei, whose mother is Korean and father Egyptian, works as a nurse. But they also have their own cookbook Amina's Kitchen, filled with Middle Eastern recipes.
Amina has also been a contributor to the Australian Women's Weekly magazine.News_Image_File: Chef Marion Grasby.
MARION GRASBY A favourite from the second series, Marion released their own supermarket meal kit range, Marion's Kitchen.
They released their first cookbook, Marion: Recipes and Stories from a Hungry Cook in 2011 and followed it up with Asia Express. They star in Marion's Thailand on Foxtel's LifestyleFOOD channel and has their own recipes app. News_Image_File: Former MasterChef contestant Alice Zaslavsky has released a children's cookbook.
ALICE ZASLAVSKY The 2012 contestant has gone on to host children's food quiz show, Kitchen Whiz on Channel Go.
 They are also the face of Prahran Market in Melbourne and author of cookbook, Alice's Food A-Z.News_Image_File: MasterChef winner Brent Owens in India.
BRENT OWENS The MasterChef 2014 champion has their own cookbook, Dig In, containing quick and simple recipes.
They have promoted MasterChef in India, where millions of people tune in each week, and will be doing cooking demonstrations at hardware store Bunnings as part of a campaign to get men into the kitchen.
For all of Donald Trump's often baffling social commentary, they could not have asked for better opponents in an ongoing culture war that has the political left crying foul. On everything from statues, to sports protests, the left seems eager to somehow try to out-do Trump's bombastic absurdity. Everyone from activists to journalists and Democrat Party members have decided that moderation is all but DOA and the cultural pendulum which swung far left for eight years is swinging back right with equal velocity.
The national anthem protests by NFL players this weekend is just the latest example of overreach (a word only seen in media to describe the right's response to Democrat scandals) by a side of the political aisle that has been drummed down to their largest governing minority since World War II. Trump's comments in Alabama resurrected a mostly dormant discussion about NFL players kneeling in protest over perceived police brutality that started with 49ers backup quarterback Colin Kaepernick last year, in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement.
To kneel down gesture was always puzzling to me, as the national anthem isn't played at sporting events to honor police officers. It's in large part to honor men and women serving in the nation's armed forces (more on that in a minute) which give us the freedom to gather in stadiums or around our televisions every Sunday and scream at grown men chasing each other with a ball.
My question to the Democrats (and media) is simple: What voters in that big chunk of the country turned red do you plan to win back on a platform of kneeling for the national anthem, revoking due process, removing monuments of our founders, or backing Kim Jong-un in a nuclear showdown?
I don't need to debate the merits or the wisdom behind Kaepernick's actions.There's been too much of that already. But what is up for debate is the wisdom of the political left throwing in with a gesture that still, to this day and despite what you see on cable news and social media, remains largely unpopular with the voting public. In 2016, a Quinnipac poll found that only 38 percent of those supported NFL players kneeling during the National Anthem. A Reuters poll found that 72 percent found the protest to be unpatriotic but also that 64 percent agreed there should be no punishment or fine.
Thanks to Trump's reinvigoration of the debate, it didn't take long for pundits on the left to start suggesting that taking a knee during the national anthem is now a direct protest of Trump himself. D.C. Bureau chief for Mother Jones, David Corn outright stated “To kneel will now become a sign of opposition to Trump,” effectively hijacking the gesture from black activists. Washington Post social justice reporter Wesley Lowery called on colleagues to demand a reasoning from players who chose not to kneel. No word yet if Lowery chose to ask Pittsburgh Steelers tackle and former Army Ranger and Bronze Star recipient Alejandro Villanueva why they chose to stand for the anthem in the tunnel, the only player from the team to do so. Villanueva's jersey sales have now skyrocketed in only a day. Jon Schwarz from the left leaning site The Intercept wrote “The National Anthem is a Celebration of Slavery”
The left has chosen to make kneeling for the national anthem now a referendum on Trump himself. A larger problem for them, and the NFL in general, is they picked this fight on a day meant to honor Gold Star mothers.
Americans can differentiate between the man in the Oval Office and the country they represent. They can acknowledge problems with community policing, or the commander-in-chief's tweets while also honoring men and women in uniform overseas and more to the point, they know the politicization of the sport they used to love didn't start with Donald Trump.
This is not a fight they will win, but like removing monuments of the founders , journalists (including the Atlantic editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg and CNN morning show host Chris Cuomo) excusing Antifa under the guise they are no different than the Greatest Generation storming Normandy on D-Day, endorsing North Korea's Kim Jong-un over Trump, or writing off ‘jihad' as a noble struggle, they continue to pick unpopular battles in culture and against a large chunk of the country they lost with Hillary Clinton in 2016.
On top of all this, Democrats also seem to be embracing such noble causes as coming out against due process for Americans accused of crimes, such as sexual assault. In response to Education Secretary Betsy Devos tossing Obama era Title IX practices on college campuses, Senator Diane Feinstein tweeted, “Sec. DeVos is putting rights of the accused above those of sexual assault victims. Absolutely unconscionable.” Beyond apparently never bothering to read "To Kill a Mockingbird," Feinstein is demanding their party stand up against the right of due process, the very thing, as it turns out, Kaepernick was protesting.
My question to the Democrats (and media) is simple: What voters in that big chunk of the country turned red do you plan to win back on a platform of kneeling for the national anthem, revoking due process, removing monuments of our founders, sympathizing with jihad, glorifying property-destroying (and journalist-punching) thugs or backing Kim Jong-un in a nuclear showdown? The more the left has ramped up its cultural war, the more their governing power has diminished. Who cares if the Affordable Care Act wiped them from the electoral map, as long as Jimmy Kimmel gets their sick burns in.
Donald Trump's election should have been a giant wake-up call to both the media and the left that the causes they care about and blast out with their bylines are not the issues Americans care about. They may view Donald Trump's twitter commentary as beneath the office of the presidency, but they can forgive a lot when the other party is demanding they bend the knee.
Source: gpointstudio/Shutterstock
Casual sex is often vilified as lower-quality, unsatisfying, and ultimately harmful to those who engage in it—especially if they're women. (See, for example, the much-talked-about Vanity Fair article on how Tinder and the "hookup culture" are making a lot of young women unhappy.) But a new study just published in the Canadian Journal of Human suggests that at least one type of casual sex— -with-benefits relationships, or FWBs—is as sexually satisfying as the more romantic types of relationships.
FWBs involve recurrent sexual activity (the “benefits”) between partners who also spend some nonsexual time together, but without the expectations of a romantic relationship. As I've written before, they sit halfway between completely casual sex (such as a one-night stand with someone you just met) and completely romantic sex (such as sex with a long-term spouse). On one hand, FWBs are somewhat casual because there is no commitment between the partners to build a romantic life together or, typically, to be sexually exclusive with each other. On the other hand, they still involve some (and sometimes substantial) levels of emotional connection, intimacy, passion, and shared history.
So how good is the sex among FWBs compared to other types of ongoing sexual relationships?
Researchers Carolyn Birnie-Porter and Mitchell Hunt of Saint Mary's University in Halifax, Nova Scotia examined this question in a sample of 475 people (drawn from a larger sample of over 1,800) recruited either from their university or through social such as and Reddit. Participants were 25 years old on average, predominantly heterosexual (76%) and white (64%); 45% were students. Those who reported they were currently in an FWB; casually ; exclusively dating; engaged; or married were asked to evaluate how satisfied they were in that relationship. Specifically, they rated how bad vs. good, unpleasant vs. pleasant, negative vs. positive, worthless vs. valuable, and unsatisfying vs. satisfying this sexual relationship was on a scale of 1 to 5 (the higher the rating, the more positive the relationship).
The graph below shows the results:
Source: Zhana Vrangalova
As you can see, satisfaction across the five different relationship types was pretty similar. Statistically, the engaged group was most satisfied, probably due to engaged people being in "the honeymoon period," when everything is going great (which is probably why they've decided to make a commitment to stay together for life). But both casual categories—FWBs and casual dating—were rated just about as satisfying as marital or exclusive dating relationships.
What's more, all relationship types (FWBs and casual dating included) were rated as highly satisfying on average—reaching almost the maximum of the scale.
I'm sure you're wondering if this differed for men and for women. I did, too. differences were not specifically addressed much in the published article, but Dr. Birnie-Porter was kind enough to run additional analyses for this post and found virtually identical results for the two sexes: Women were just as satisfied with their relationship situation as men, and that included those in FWBs and casual dating situations. In fact, the only relationship type for which the difference in genders landed anywhere close to statistical significance was the opposite of what you might expect: Women were slightly more satisfied with casual dating than were men.
So at least in this sample of people, FWBs and casual dating proved to be a highly satisfying relationship type. This is not necessarily surprising, given than longer-term casual relationships can demand a significant amount of mutual care and intimacy. Indeed, in this same study, both FWBs and casual dating were rated as somewhat intimate (about a 5 on a 7-point scale).
(Note: These results do not necessarily generalize to other, less-intimate types of casual relationships, like "booty calls" or one-night stands, which were not examined in this study.)
This is not the first or final word on this topic, of course, and in different samples and with slightly different methodologies, some differences may emerge. One earlier study, for example, found that sexual satisfaction was indeed lower in FWBs vs. . However, mean ratings of satisfaction for both groups were above the scale midpoint in that study as well, suggesting that, while perhaps less satisfying than romantic relationships, FWBs are overall a positive, pleasant relationship for people.
In other words, it seems that most people are quite happy in whatever sexual or romantic relationship they are in—which is good news.
Have a casual sex story to share with the world? Or want to read other people's hookup experiences? That's what The Casual Sex Project and @CasualSexProj are for.
Have you been to a sex party in the US recently? Take this anonymous survey, PLAY!
Connect with Zhana for more sex research:
References
Birnie-Porter, C. & Hunt, M. (2015). Does relationship status matter for sexual satisfaction? The roles of intimacy and attachment avoidance in sexual satisfaction across five types of ongoing sexual relationships. Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 24, 174-183. doi: 10.3138/cjhs.242-A5
Lehmiller, J.J., Vanderdrift, L.E., & Kelly, J.R. (2014). Sexual communication, satisfaction, and condom use behavior in friends with benefits and romantic partners. Journal of Sex Research, 51, 74–85. doi:10.1080/00224499.2012.719167
The Social Security Administration announced Monday that it will immediately cease efforts to collect on taxpayers' debts to the government that are more than 10 years old.
The action comes after The Washington Post reported that the government was seizing state and federal tax refunds that were on their way to about 400,000 Americans who had relatives who owed money to the Social Security agency. In many cases, the people whose refunds were intercepted had never heard of any debt, and the debts dated as far back as the middle of the past century.
“I have directed an immediate halt to further referrals under the Treasury Offset Program to recover debts owed to the agency that are 10 years old and older pending a thorough review of our responsibility and discretion under the current law,” the acting Social Security commissioner, Carolyn Colvin, said in a statement.
Colvin said anyone who has received Social Security or Supplemental Security Income benefits and “believes they have been incorrectly assessed with an overpayment” should contact the agency and “seek options to resolve the overpayment.”
The effort to collect on old debts began with a single line in the 2008 farm bill that lifted the statute of limitations on debts to the government that are more than 10 years old. The Treasury Department then set up rules that allowed the government to settle such debts by intercepting taxpayers' refunds. The department has collected about $2 billion in intercepted tax refunds this year, $75 million of that on debts delinquent for more than 10 years.
If you're one of the millions of Americans using your tax refund like a “forced savings account,” here's why you shouldn't — with marshmallow Peeps to help explain. Michelle Singletary contributed to this video. (Kate M. Tobey and Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Mary Grice, a federal worker who lives in Takoma Park, Md., never got the refunds they were expecting to see in their mailbox this year. The government seized their checks because of a $2,996 debt that was supposedly incurred under their father's Social Security number. Them father died in 1960, when they were 4, and their mother received survivors' benefits thereafter.
But 37 years passed between when the Social Security agency says it overpaid someone in the Grice family and when Mary Grice's refund was taken. They were unable to find out from the agency exactly who received the overpayment — their mother or perhaps their father's first wife, both of whom are no longer living.
The suspension of the collection effort is “the right thing to do,” said Grice's attorney, Robert Vogel. “It's a first step. The next thing they have to do is stop collecting debts from children under any circumstances.”
Vogel filed suit in federal court in Greenbelt, Md., last week, alleging that the government denied Grice due process by failing to give their notice of the debt and by taking the money from her, even though they were not receiving government benefits at the time the debt was incurred.
Vogel and several members of Congress argued that the government should not be holding children accountable for the financial acts of their parents. The Federal Trade Commission, on its Web site, advises Americans that “family members typically are not obligated to pay the debts of a deceased relative from their own assets.”
After The Post's article was published late last week, many hundreds of taxpayers whose refunds had been intercepted came forward and complained to members of Congress that they had been given no notice of the debts and that the government had not explained why they were being held responsible for debts that their deceased parents may have incurred.
In a note Social Security officials sent to several members of Congress on Monday, the agency said, “We will be reexamining our responsibilities under current law for such referrals and will be notifying you of our conclusions upon completion of the thorough review.”
In a letter to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Monday, Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) said that government agencies were apparently “not properly notifying individuals or allowing them to inspect records of the debt they supposedly owe, which are violations of the law.”
Grassley said that although Congress did authorize the government to seek payment on old debts, the law “says nothing about allowing the government to offset payments from an individual to pay debts not in their or their name. It is unclear where the government has that authority.”
The senator said that Congress created a rigorous system to ensure that debt collection is handled transparently but that “it appears that agencies are abusing this system.”
The gap between National and the centre left block of Labour and the Greens has tightened in the wake of John Key's departure as leader, according to the first major poll since their shock resignation.
National is at 46 per cent in the first 1 NEWS Colmar Brunton poll for the 2017 election year, down four points from the November poll.
Labour has climbed two points to 30, while the Greens are steady on 11 per cent, taking the centre left block's combined vote to 41 percent.
That narrows the gap between National and the centre left pairing to just five percent.
Back in November National was 11 per cent ahead of the Labour-Greens combo.
New Zealand First is up one per cent to 11, and, based on our polling, would hold the balance of power post-election.
ACT is up one to one per cent, as is the Mana Party, which is back in the frame on one.
The Maori Party is steady on one per cent.
BILL ENGLISH POLLS WELL
In the preferred Prime Minister rankings, Bill English comes straight in at 31 per cent - just five points shy of where John Key was in November.
Mr Key has slipped back to two percent.
Labour leader Andrew Little is down one point to seven per cent, behind Winston Peters who is steady on eight per cent.
Labour MP Jacinda Ardern, who is contesting the Mount Albert by-election on February 25, is on four percent.
While this first 1 NEWS Colmar Brunton poll shows the gap closing between National and the centre Left to just five points, National's strategists will be pleased with the party's showing, given the risks of the change from the popular John Key to the more laid back Bill English.
Remember, when Bill English was last leader of the National Party in 2002, they took them to their worst election defeat.
Likewise, Labour will be encouraged that their party vote has climbed to the psychologically important 30 per cent mark, which doesn't seem to have come at the expense of their Greens coalition partner.
However, Andrew Little's poor showing in the preferred Prime Minister stakes remains a worry as September's election draws closer.
The poll of just over 1000 eligible voters was taken between February 11 and 15.
In a season where a lot has gone wrong for the Bulls, Taj Gibson has done everything in their power to right the ship.
The seven-year veteran has quietly had a very solid season, shooting a career-high 52 percent from the field, dishing out a career high 1.5 assists, and is averaging the most rebounds since their rookie season. Those short jumpers that were a challenge for them early in their career are now solid options. Gibson turned 30 years old this season, but he's still able to finish at the rim at a great clip and is leading the team in dunks.
He's also been grinding out games while playing hurt. He's on pace to lead the team in games, missing only two so far despite recovering from ankle surgery and battling foot and hamstring problems all year.
“I tried to play for my brothers,” Taj said earlier in the year when asked about their injuries. Gibson will do anything for the team, whether that means playing big minutes and...
Appearance and function match the final product, but is made with different manufacturing methods.
Looks like the final product, but is not functional.
Demonstrates the functionality of the final product, but looks different.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
These photos and videos provide a detailed look at this project's development.
About
What is the Bixby button?
The Bixby button is a physical button on the new Samsung S8 and S8+ phones that launches a virtual assistant named Bixby.
Bixby Button
What's so bad about an extra button?
When the new Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ came out, we were incredibly excited. However, once we picked up the phone we were constantly invoking the Bixby button without reason.
Why make a case to get rid of Bixby?
Since Bixby is a hardware button, the only way to get rid of it is to use a case to disable it from being pushed. In fact, as Mashable reported in April, Samsung has completely blocked users from re-mapping the button to do something else useful.
According to Phandroid, no one is even using Bixby, with less than 80% of respondents having ever used it at all.
Phandroid Bixby Survey
Bixby is such a nuisance that we considered returning our phones, but the S8 and S8+ have incredible performance, battery life, and aesthetic appeal.
And thus, we present the Bixby-free case.
Bixby free S8 and S8+ case
Manufacturing requires an order of at least 5,000 units of both the S8 and S8+ cases given the new molds required to create a case covering up the Bixby button. If our Kickstarter is fully funded, we will be able to cover this cost. Additionally, if we raise beyond $20,000 we may be able to offer as many as 3 colors for you to choose from.
Various color versions made by our manufacturer
Thanks in advance for your support!
In the 10 days or so since the announcement of Three Days Grace 's split with frontman Adam Gontier , more and more details have surfaced about their parting of the ways. Gontier is the latest to unveil more about their exit from the band , stating that it was more of creative decision, but also reiterating that they do have health issues.
In an interview with The Pulse of Radio (via Blabbermouth ), Gontier states, "For me, I think the thing that broke the camel's back was, I had enough of the money coming before the music. It's not perfect timing, but it had to be done, you know. For the sake of my own mental health and well-being, I had to do it."
The vocalist went on to add their displeasure with the band's current creative process. They explained, "The music really wasn't coming from the heart. I can say that on the record 'Transit of Venus,' there's maybe one or two songs that actually do come from my heart, but a lot of songs have been written just for radio and for fans, you know, to relate to. Quite a bit of it just adds up to the fakeness of the whole industry and how you're writing hits for other people and not for yourself -- and that's really what the band was, has been all about."
Gontier's comments are consistent with a posting they made earlier this week on Facebook about the split. In their posting, they wrote:
I know everyone's been waiting for a post/response from me, to the recent situation between Three Days Grace and me. I've got so many things I'd love to say, but this is Facebook, and out of RESPECT, I'm not going to get into any of it right now. The one thing I can say publicly, is that I am so thankful for the outpouring of love and support from all of my fans, and that I AM NOT done making music. This is just the tip of the iceberg for me (and you) ..., trust me on that! I will have new music coming soon, and I can say, honestly, it's the best music I've EVER created. I'm so excited for you to hear it! I'll close with this for now. I am so disappointed in myself for believing, after all these years, that the ones I truly believed were closest to me, are, were, and have always been the farthest away from me. Just pick up. Move on. Pretend nothing happened. Not ONE call, text, email to see how your so-called "friend" is doing. It's sad, but it is what it is. The music BUSINESS. Remember this people..., in my/our case, it's always been about the "business". The money. What about the love for creating real music from the heart? Where did that fit in? Pretty much nowhere. No room for music from the heart, when it's just about music for the radio. Lastly, stay tuned for my new music. It's real. Honest. Not fake. It's from my soul. Which is exactly the same place that I keep all of you. In my soul.
Thank you so much for your love, support and kindness through this time.
Adam
As for the band's original statement that revealed a health concern was part of their reason for leaving, the musician attempted to clarify things in another Facebook posting . The vocalist stated:
Although I'm not completely comfortable sharing my life on a public platform, I feel a responsibility and obligation to connect with my friends, my fans, my fellow human beings, regarding my ongoing health problems. I've made the decision to do this because I know there are so many others out there suffering the same way I am. What I know for sure, during this time, is that I can connect and bond / derive hope from the human spirit. I intend to specifically make public the status of my health, via my health records, so that I can put concerns to rest, and bring light to the truth. I will share my health records, which will include my emotional struggles within Three Days Grace for over the last two years. This will be posted within the next few days. From there, my wish is that all will be put to rest, and I will move forward with dignity and faith.
Again, to all of my fans, thank you for your love and support. You are my lifeline.
Adam
Three Days Grace have announced their intent to continue without Gontier and have tapped My Darkest Days ' Matt Walst to fill in on vocals for their upcoming tour with Shinedown.
SAN RAFAEL (CBS SF) — Dead Heads are calling 2015 the year of the Grateful Dead, 20 years after Jerry Garcia's death, 50 years after the band's founding, and now the final tour and final concert for a band that has become part of the fabric of America's counter-culture. And now, long lost interviews with the late band leader shed new light on whom the Dead were and are, and their influence on a nation.
Jerry Garcia opened up about their near-death experience, and their days with the Grateful Dead in the dusty analogue tapes discovered lying in the KPIX tape vault, gathering dust since 1988.
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO GEORGE JUNG? Exclusive Interview With Former Cocaine Kingpin, Out Of Prison In The Bay Area
The Grateful Dead singer sat down with reporter Kate Kelly for the rare interview at the band's studio on Front Street in San Rafael, where they talked about their first music video for the hit single “Touch of Grey,” a modest success in “the big world of grown up records.”
KPIX EDITED STORY (SHORTER INTERVIEW):
It was made after a Dead concert at Laguna Seca in Monterey County, with real ‘dead heads' as extras.
“Everybody was excited about it. Everyone enjoyed the idea. Except for the cold. The cold, it was extremely cold,” Garcia said.
Part of Jerry's virtuosity was their ability to improvise and jam for hours.
“Some people can play the same music every night over and over again and may be never get bored by it, but for me, I hate to play anything the same twice – ever, you know? In fact, I'm almost constitutionally unable to do it, you know,” Garcia said.
ALSO READ: Cocaine Kingpin George Jung Exclusive Interview After Release
As for their health, the Dead had a history of drug busts dating back to when they were living on Ashbury in the Haight.
“What we're thinking about is a peaceful planet the more people turn on the better world it's going to be,” Garcia said.
In the seventies, Jerry began using cocaine and heroin. In the eighties, the drug use escalated. They made several attempts at rehab.
During the interview, Jerry had been clean for two years, and had some advice for the youth out there.
“The experimentation has definitely been done kids, I mean, I think, I think a lot of the news is in. You know, certain things are definitely going to burn your brains out. PCP is not good, crack is not good. A lot of drugs will definitely kill you,” Garcia said.
Jerry already had a near death experience.
“I just laid down one day and didn't get up. I felt really tired, amazingly tired,” they said.
In 1986, Jerry fell into a diabetic coma, and ended up at Marin General.
“I lost about four or five days there. They're gone. I don't know what happened,” Garcia said.
The guitar virtuoso had to relearn how to play the guitar.
“I don't recommend it, you know. Let me just start by saying i don't recommend near death experiences as a way to motivate yourself,” Garcia said.
Garcia struggled with addiction for the rest of the life.
In 1995, while at a treatment center, they died of a heart attack at 53.
During the interview, Garcia was asked how they wanted to be remembered.
“I don't know. I never thought about it in those terms,” they said with a laugh. “I guess I would want to be known as the guy who had a pretty good time while they were here…you can go at any moment so you might as well crowd as much possible into your life.”
REUTERS/Punit Paranjpe Every now and then, a scientist comes along who is so dedicated to their work that they decide to experiment on themselves.
Phil Kennedy is one of those scientists.
As MIT Technology Review's Adam Piore reported, the neuroscientist who pioneered the technology used to connect the human brain to a computer decided to get their own brain implant in 2014.
Brain computer interfaces, or BCIs, are devices that record the electrical activity of hundreds of brain cells and translate them into signals that can be used to control things like computers or robotic limbs.
Some BCIs are noninvasive, like electroencephalography (EEG) electrodes placed on the scalp. Others require surgery to implant them inside the brain, which allows them to pick up signals from individual neurons.
The 'father of cyborgs'
This electrode array is part of a brain-computer interface similar to the one Kennedy used. braingate2.org Kennedy, who has been called the "father of cyborgs," is known for developing the first BCI to allow a completely paralyzed patient with "locked-in" syndrome to move a cursor on a computer screen. Their goal since then has been to develop a "speech decoder" — a system that decodes the thoughts of these "locked-in" patients and converts them into speech. They founded a company called Neural Signals to pursue this work.
In 2008, a man who was unable to move or communicate got one of Kennedy's brain implants and was able to communicate in vowel sounds using a speech synthesizer. The implant consisted of a special kind of electrode that releases chemicals to encourage brain cells to grow onto it.
But in recent years, funding for this research has dried up. Kennedy realized that in order to continue the work, they would have to experiment on himself.
"This whole research effort of 29 years so far was going to die if I didn't do something," they told Tech Review. "I didn't want it to die on the vine. That is why I took the risk."
A risky procedure
In June 2014, Kennedy flew to Belize and paid surgeons $25,000 to implant electrodes into their brain's motor cortex, which controls their ability to move.
But the surgery, which lasted 12 hours, didn't go as well as planned. When they awoke, they couldn't speak, they told Tech Review. A spike in their blood pressure during the procedure caused their brain to swell, leaving them temporarily paralyzed. But Kennedy says they aren't afraid, because they invented the surgery and knew what to expect.
Within a few months, they had recovered, and returned for a second surgery to implant the electronics that would record the signals from their brain. When they got back to their lab in Duluth, Georgia, Kennedy began recording their brain signals while saying or thinking basic sounds or words, like "plum" or "hello world," Tech Review reported.
They found that specific combinations of brain cells fired when they said or thought certain phrases, which could lay the foundation for a true speech decoder. Such a device could vastly improve the quality of life for people who are unable to speak due to a brain injury or illness. They presented their research at a major neuroscience conference in Chicago in October, according to Tech Review.
They were planning to have the implant for years, but unfortunately, the wound in their skull didn't heal properly, and they were forced to have it removed after just a few weeks. The surgery cost them $94,000.
Still, he's happy they got the implant, and plans to study those few weeks' worth of data for a long time to come.
The Toronto Argonauts may be playing for the Grey Cup on Sunday, Nov. 26 in Ottawa, but Peel residents may also have a vested interest in their opponent, the Calgary Stampeders.
Four players from Peel will play for the championship and three of them are from the Stampeders, last year's finalists and the top team through the Canadian Football League regular season.
The most notable player is Stampeders running back Jerome Messam from Brampton. He'll play alongside Brampton punter Rob Maver and Mississauga receiver Juwan Brescacin while Brampton linebacker Nakas Onyeka will suit up for the East Division champion Argos.
Messam, a Notre Dame graduate, is a two-time CFL Most Outstanding Canadian and finished third in the league in rushing yards this season with 1,016 and tied for second in touchdowns with nine.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The distress call by a 16-year-old teen whose father and brother were murdered, presumably by a Palestinian gunman, near Hebron on Friday reveals that a Palestinian Red Crescent ambulance had driven by the scene of the shooting yet did not stop to administer first aid treatment.
Channel 10's weekly Friday evening newscast aired audio of the call, which confirmed earlier reports on social media that Palestinian paramedics did not tend to the victims of the shooting near the West Bank settlement of Otniel.
Ya'akov Litman and their son, Natanel, were pronounced dead at the scene by Magen David Adom ambulance crews after they were shot by unidentified assailants on Route 60."When we arrived at the scene, we saw seven people outside of a van, two of whom, a man in their 40s and an 18-year-old youth, were lying unconscious with gunshot wounds to their upper bodies," said Noam Bar, an MDA paramedic. "They were showing no signs of life, and there was no other choice but to pronounce them dead at the scene."Bar said that their team administered first aid to a 16-year-old boy who was lightly wounded after being shot in one of their extremities. They were rushed to Soroka University Medical Center in Beersheba for treatment. Four others were treated for shock.The IDF and Magen David Adom said they will investigate the incident further and, if the need arises, will file a formal complaint with the International Red Cross, the umbrella organization whose bylaws apply to both MDA and the Red Crescent.An initial probe by investigators revealed that the father, Litman, was driving along Route 60 when the driver of another vehicle pulled up alongside him. Litman was shot and subsequently lost control of the vehicle, swerving to the side of the road.His 18-year-old son then dialed emergency services before he, too, was shot dead. Their younger brother, 16, who was lightly wounded in the attack after being shot in the leg, called MDA and reported the incident."We're about a kilometer past Otniel," they said. "They shot at our car.""There's a Red Crescent ambulance here," they said. "There are two wounded. At least two. We were seven in the car. One of the wounded was in the middle of calling . We have the Red Crescent here. The Red Crescent left us. I don't know why."Israeli security officials told Channel 10 that it was their understanding that the Red Crescent is responsible for treating Palestinians in areas that are under the jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority.Friday's attack took place in an area under Israeli control, yet Red Crescent personnel are still required to administer first aid to injured civilians irrespective of their nationality.If it becomes apparent that Red Crescent first responders deliberately fled the scene and were derelict in their duty to provide care, then the organization is at risk of international sanctions.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Aliens: Newt's Tale is a two-issue comic book based on the film Aliens that was first published by Dark Horse Comics from June-July 1992. It was written by Mike Richardson, based on the original screenplay by James Cameron, and was illustrated by Jim Somerville, inked by Brian Garvey, colored by Gregory Wright, lettered by Pat Brosseau and edited by Randy Stradley, with cover art by John Bolton. While ostensibly an adaptation of the movie, it is presented entirely from the perspective of Newt and also features numerous scenes not included in the film, including a lengthy section set during the initial stages of the Xenomorph infestation at Hadley's Hope, before the Colonial Marines arrive.
In the Aliens comics line, Aliens: Newt's Tale was preceded by Aliens: Harvest and Alien3: Alone, published concurrently with the movie adaptation Alien3, and was followed by Aliens: Renegade.
Contents show]
Publisher's Summary
#1: Adapted from writer/director James Cameron's original screenplay, Aliens: Newt's Tale includes all of the action you never saw in the movie: from the discovery of the derelict extraterrestrial spacecraft by Newt's parents, to the Alien attack on the colony of Hadley's Hope!
#2: Newt, Ripley and the remaining Marines find themselves hopelessly outnumbered by Aliens. To make matters worse, the nuclear reactor in the nearby oxygen plant is close to meltdown! Don't miss the climactic battle between Ripley and the Queen Alien! Adapted from writer/director James Cameron's original screenplay.
Plot
The story starts with the USS Sulaco on its return trip to Earth following the disastrous mission to LV-426. Inside the hypersleep bay, Newt is dreaming, reliving a Nightmare once more.
The story then flashes back to Hadley's Hope.
The beginning of the end
In the Operations building, Lydecker and Administrator Simpson are discussing Russ Jorden, who has called into question their salvage rights after being sent to the Ilium Range several days previously on company orders. Simpson says that as far as they are concerned, anything Jorden finds is his.
On the Illium Range, the Jordens — Russ, Anne and their children Timmy and Newt — are in their Daihotai Tractor searching a grid. Timmy is yelling to Newt about cheating at monster maze (a game the children play inside the colony's air ducts) because Newt can go in places the other kids cannot reach due to their smaller size. Anne stops the fight, before the family stumble upon a derelict spacecraft. Anne and Russ head inside to investigate, but Russ is attacked by a Facehugger. Anne calls back to Hadley's Hope for help as Newt screams.
Russ awakens in the colony's infirmary 25 hours later while Anne and Dr. Kent check on their present condition. Timmy and Newt are not allowed in to see their father, but Timmy's friend Aaron convinces them to sneak through the air ducts so that they can see him. They reach a vent overlooking the infirmary, from where they observe as Dr. Kent tells Russ and Anne that more people have been sent to investigate the ship. At that moment, several of the men return, some of whom have also been subdued by Facehuggers. Suddenly, the Chestburster inside Russ emerges, killing them as Newt watches in terror.
Hell breaks loose
A few days later, Anne, Newt, Timmy and the rest of the colonists are being moved to a sub-level storage room for safety. One of the men explains that the Xenomorphs are hunting them one by one and it is better to barricade themselves and make a stand because the Marines are on their way.
One of the colonists, Bill Andrews, tells Anne that they have located the Xenomorph's nest inside the colony's Atmosphere Processing Plant and that an armed party has been sent to kill the creatures. However, Drapers, the man commanding the party, soon radios in and frantically explains that there are a lot more Xenomorphs than they anticipated, and that they have discovered what has happened to the missing colonists and livestock. Then, the signal is lost.
After repelling the attack on their nest, the Xenomorphs head for the colony en masse. In the sub-basement, Anne asks another colonist for a gun, telling them that, if it comes to it, they would rather kill their own children than let the Xenomorphs take them alive. After hearing gunshots outside, one of the men insists they open the door and try to help the survivors. Against the protests of others, the barricade is opened and they find a badly injured and dying Drapers, along with the entire Xenomorph horde. The Xenomorphs pour inside the storage room and proceed to slaughter or capture everyone. Amidst the chaos, Anne prepares to kill their children, but Timmy insists they can escape trough the air ducts. However, as they try to flee a Xenomorph Warrior attacks Anne and kills them Timmy grabs their pistol and shoots the creature, but is hit by the acid blood that bursts from its body, killing them too. Only Newt manages to escape.
Sole survivor
Newt hides alone in the colony's vents for almost two weeks, before the Colonial Marines arrive with Ellen Ripley. Soon after their arrival, the Marines detect Newt on their motion trackers and Ripley grabs them inside a duct. After a brief medical examination by Corporal Dietrich, the Marines elect to investigate the Atmosphere Processor when the colonists' PDTs are located there. Newt knows what this means, but when they try to escape again they are stopped by Corporal Hicks.
The Marines enter the Hive inside the Atmosphere Processor and find Mary cocooned to the wall. Before they can save her, a Chestburster erupts from her, and when it is incinerated with flamethrowers the rest of the Hive awakens. During the resultant ambush Ripley drives the unit's APC into the Hive and saves Hicks and Privates Hudson and Vazquez. Lieutenant Gorman is knocked unconscious by some falling grates while they escape. Following the disaster, the survivors elect to destroy the entire colony with a nuclear strike from orbit, against company rep Carter Burke's protests. They call their drop-ship pilot, Corporal Ferro, for immediate evacuation, but an stowaway Warrior kills Ferro en route and the drop-ship crashes into the APC. Now stranded, the survivors retreat to the Operations building.
Last stand
With no other choice, the remaining Marines repair the barricades inside the colony and set up several sentry guns, hoping to make a stand until a rescue mission can arrive. Ripley sends Newt to sleep and tells them they will never let them go, even if it means to die. Ripley confronts Burke about the fate of the colony, having discovered that it was they who first ordered the derelict to be investigated. Meanwhile, the Xenomorphs attack through a tunnel beneath the complex and overwhelm the first sentry gun position.
Bishop informs the survivors that the Atmosphere Processing Plant has been damaged, and that the impending meltdown will destroy the colony. The survivors decide to bring down their reserve drop-ship from the Sulaco by remote control, and Bishop volunteers to go to the uplink and pilot it. While they wait, Ripley falls asleep beside Newt, but when they wake they discover that two Facehuggers have been set loose in the room. The Marines save them and learn Burke was responsible. They elect to kill him, but at that moment the Xenomorphs attack the Operations rooms.
Hudson is dragged away through the floor, while Burke escapes and locks the others inside, before they are ambushed by a Warrior. Newt leads the others to safety through the air ducts, although Vazquez and Gorman sacrifice themselves with a grenade when they are trapped. Newt slips into a vertical shaft and they are separated from Ripley and Hicks. Despite their efforts to rescue her, Newt is captured by the Xenomorphs.
Escape and exodus
Newt awakens cocooned inside the Hive, and is moments from being attacked by a Facehugger when Ripley arrives to save them As they make their escape, they discover Burke, also cocooned to the wall and begging for help. Ripley hands them a grenade and moves on. The two then stumble into the Queen's chamber. Ripley promptly incinerates their Eggs, enraging the Queen, before escaping with the Queen in pursuit. They reach the landing platform, only to discover Bishop has left. The Queen appears and prepares to attack, but Bishop returns in the drop-ship. Together they escape the moon just seconds before Atmosphere Processor explodes.
Back on the Sulaco, Bishop is severely damaged when the Queen reappears and tears them in half, having stowed away in the drop-ship's undercarriage. Ripley fights the Queen with a Power Loader and ejects them through the hangar's airlock. Ripley, Bishop, Hicks and Newt enter cryosleep for the return to Earth.
The story returns to the opening scene, with Newt sleeping peacefully in the hypersleep chamber. As they dream, a Facehugger slowly crawls towards them cryotube...
Reprint History
Aliens: Newt's Tale was first serialized and reprinted in the United Kingdom in 7 parts in Aliens magazine, Vol. 2 #2-8, from August 1992-February 1993. The reprint was originally supposed to begin in Vol. 2 #1 of the magazine, hence the use of John Bolton's Newt's Tale artwork on that issue's cover, but delays in re-editing the comic for the magazine meant it had to be delayed until Vol. 2 #2.[1]
The comic was also briefly reissued in trade paperback form in the UK in 1994 by Titan Comics, reusing Bolton's cover from issue 2. The story has not been collected or reissued since.
Behind the Scenes
Prior to release, a short preview of the comic was published in Dark Horse Insider, Vol. 2 #4.
Writer Mike Richardson is in fact the founder and chief publisher for Dark Horse Comics. Richardson has created the story premise or worked as writer on a number of projects for the company over the years. They started out as a comic book store owner in the Portland, Oregon area before establishing Dark Horse in 1986.
Trivia
Goofs
The sign outside Hadley's Hope gives the colony's population as 159. However, in Aliens, the colony's population is 158 (given both on the sign outside in the extended Special Edition, and when Ripley tells Burke they are responsible for 157 deaths — 157 + Newt = 158).
Gallery
Issue covers
Other
See Also
Final Fantasy x Dragon Quest MMO collaborations detailed
Revealed back at TGS, Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest will be crossing over to each other starting next month in their respective online worlds in an anniversary celebration of sorts. Final Fantasy XI marks 11 years of service, while Dragon Quest X has been around for one year and Final Fantasy XIV restarted back in August.
Final Fantasy XI will be the first title to kick off the event, with Dragon Quest items invading on December 11th. Sage Hourou from Dragon Quest X has turned up in the land of Vana'diel and somehow players will be able to obtain slime-themed gear. FFXIV's spriggans have also shown up and clearing certain requirements will earn you a special spriggan-themed outfit.
Final Fantasy XIV's main events are scheduled to run from around mid January to mid February. A giant Shantotto from FFXI has appeared in Eorzea and players will be able to take them on in a special FATE event that will net a Shantotto minion pet. Golems from DQX will be apart of another FATE with the reward for completion a minion as well.
Further details and an official English announcement from Square Enix is expected soon, but in the meantime you can view the first direct feed screenshots of each event below.
And they got one big signal in particular. The initial results of the three flights were published this month in the Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres. The research could dramatically revise scientists' understanding of how much pollution is caused by wildfires.
Specifically, Huey and their colleagues found that wildfires seem to emit three times as much of the smallest type of particulate matter—PM1, particulate matter less than 1 micrometer thick—as is commonly estimated. This would be enough to notably worsen air quality in nearby cities.
However, they also suggest a solution. When the NASA plane observed prescribed fires—that is, a wildfire that had been lit and controlled by local authorities—air pollution fell significantly. Prescribed burns have previously been found to reduce wildfire risk; this research suggests they might be healthier, too.
Particulate matter is the deadliest form of air pollution. It's not a specific chemical, like ozone or nitrous oxide, but any kind of tiny dust that seeps into the lungs, where it can lead to higher blood pressure, heart attacks, and lung cancer. Particulate matter that measures 2.5 micrometers across, or PM2.5, is one of the most tightly regulated and most common forms of air pollution. Less is known about the health effects of PM1.
Huey limited their warning about PM1 to speculation. “The smaller particles can probably deposit into the lungs better—anything that deposits to the lungs more efficiently is probably an issue,” they told me. “Smaller aerosol tends to follow the gas into your lungs pretty easily.”
The study is “high-quality and important work,” said Sean Raffuse, a fire and atmospheric scientist at the University of California, Davis, who was not connected to the research. Raffuse led work on the 2011 National Emissions Inventory, which provided the baseline estimates of particulate-matter pollution from wildfires.
“This is strong evidence that our PM estimates are low for at least a subset of wildfires, probably many of them. The models we use to estimate wildfire emissions depend on this kind of research, as they themselves are based on very limited information,” they told me in an email. While recent experimental work has suggested that these estimates might be low, especially for particulate matter, it has not predicted this great a disparity.
“Perhaps the biggest weakness [in this research] is that the researchers are extrapolating measurements from three wildfires across the entire western U.S.,” Raffuse noted. “One of them, the Rim Fire, was one of the largest in California history, so it might not be representative of wildfires in, say, Colorado. The landscape, fuels, and burning conditions vary dramatically even within single fires, and certainly across the U.S.”
Holy seven million, Batman! The Affordable Care Act, a k a Obamacare, has made a stunning comeback from its shambolic start. As the March 31 deadline for 2014 coverage approached, there was a surge in applications at the “exchanges” — the special insurance marketplaces the law set up. And the original target of seven million signups, widely dismissed as unattainable, has been surpassed.
But what does it mean? That depends on whether you ask the law's opponents or its supporters. You see, the opponents think that it means a lot, while the law's supporters are being very cautious. And, in this one case, the enemies of health reform are right. This is a very big deal indeed.
Of course, you don't find many Obamacare opponents admitting outright that 7.1 million and counting signups is a huge victory for reform. But their reaction to the results — It's a fraud! They're cooking the books! — tells the tale. Conservative thinking and Republican political strategy were based entirely on the assumption that it would always be October, that Obamacare's rollout would be an unremitting tale of disaster. They have no idea what to do now that it's turning into a success story.
So why are many reform supporters being diffident, telling us not to read too much into the figures? Well, at a technical level they're right: The precise number of signups doesn't matter much for the functioning of the law, and there may still be many problems despite the March surge. But I'd argue that they're missing the forest for the trees.
For Mountain Dew, quenching customers' desire for premium online content is just as important as satisfying their thirst. In late September, the beverage company brought a live-action, 3D, 360-degree Oculus VR video to its Dew Tour Brooklyn stop. Attendees were able to try on the virtual reality headset and spend two minutes skating right next to pro skateboader Paul Rodriguez and the all-star "Mtn Dew" skate team.
"This is not an advertisement. This is an experience," Mountain Dew director of brand marketing Jamal Henderson said.
The project, which was developed by agency Firstborn, marked Mountain Dew's first foray into creating content for the Oculus Rift device—but it's not going to be its last. The soft drink company has been carefully currating its image to align with the action-sports scene, through its Dew Tours, branded lifestyle website Green Label, and sponsorship of its Call of Duty and Halo franchises.
Now, it wants to take its laid-back image and create a library of content for Oculus Rift users to download and consume, ideally in the comfort of their own homes. Henderson said relying on banners and other display advertisements just doesn't cut it these days: You need to engage your consumer if you want to leave a lasting impression.
"When you think about the consumer—and it all starts with the consumer—they're consuming more media. In our feeds, we want to see more content. The more we can be a part of that editorial and a part of the feed and not disruptive pre-roll, I think that's the way for our brand to tell our story," they said.
It's a strategy that many other marketers are employing. Red Bull and GoPro have cemented themselves as purveyors of premium lifestyle video content, while Marriott recently announced it's launching an in-house division dedicated to making original editorial and social media content.
Betting on the virtual reality technology is a risky move. The latest Oculus Rift headset (Development Kit 2) costs $350—and it comes with the disclaimer that it's meant for developers. No official release date has been set for the consumer version, although it's rumored to be in 2015. So the number of people who actually own the headset is limited. In addition, Mountain Dew's skateboarding experience takes so much hard-drive space that to get consumers to try it, the company had to invite them to a place with a powerful computer. We're a long way from these immersive videos being one click away.
Despite the risks, Mountain Dew hopes that by getting ahead of the curve as one of the only brands creating for this platform, it can score big.
"Brands that target millennials are going to be in that 'lean-in experience' space," Henderson said. Oculus VR "is the next iteration of that. I 100 percent think that this is where brands are going. I just hope they don't do it as fast as we do."
Indications are that the Senate Intelligence Committee does not currently intend to offer Michael Flynn immunity from prosecution in exchange for their testimony on the congressional probe into Russia's activities concerning the 2016 election.
Chris Jansing took a report from Kasie Hunt on MSNBC Live today, and said that the panel is “not receptive” to the offer put forward by the former National Security Adviser to President Trump. According to Hunt's congressional sources, committee members have spoken with Flynn's lawyer and told them that any immunity offer would be “wildly preliminary” and is currently “not on the table.”
Hunt acknowledged that the investigation is in its earliest phases and that an offer might be made in the future, though the committee's current view is that they are “not receptive” to an immunity deal at the moment.
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Foto: Camila Nobrega/Canal Ibase
Camila Nobrega e Rogério Daflon
Do Canal Ibase
Na plateia, dois funcionários da Fifa, vestidos como executivos. Projetados num quadro à frente, dados sobre o número de pessoas removidas na cidade do Rio – 50 mil – em função dos megaeventos. Esse cenário se completou na última quinta-feira (17) com a presença do jornalista inglês Andrew Jennings (aquele que provocou a renúncia de Ricardo Teixeira, mandachuva do futebol internacional e da CBF), cuja palestra foi anunciada como “Jogo Sujo: Venha conhecer a Familia Fifa”.
Sob pressão, os dois se comprometeram a marcar um encontro da Fifa com representantes da sociedade civil brasileira em breve, a fim de ouvir as violações aos direitos humanos que vêm sendo denunciadas nos protestos.
Antes, a dupla escutou as considerações do professor Carlos Vainer, do Ippur/UFRJ, e Gustavo Mehl, do Comitê Popular da Copa e das Olimpíadas, nada simpáticas à associação. Andrew radicalizou o discurso, fazendo afirmações sobre a corrupção de cartolas da entidade e perguntando aos representantes do órgão se eles concordavam com a expulsão dele da sede da Fifa, em Lousanne, na Suíça. “Se vocês concordam, por favor, levantem os braços”. disse.
Os dois se entreolharam e não se mexeram. Nesse momento, os presentes no auditório no Sindicato dos Jornalistas, no Centro do Rio, começaram a gritar “Fora, Fifa”. Ao perceber que os dois nada entendiam, traduziram: “Fifa, Go Home”.
Os dois funcionários da Fifa pediram a palavra. O clima esquentou. Alguns momentos vão entrar para a história. Diretor de comunicação da Fifa, Alexander Koch, a certa altura, pegou o microfone e perguntou: “Vocês acham mesmo que os brasileiros querem tirar a Copa do país?”
O coro unânime caprichou na pronúncia com um sonoro “Yessssssssssss”, que se seguiu pelo de “não vai ter Copa, não vai ter Copa”. Foi quando Koch percebeu onde havia se metido.
O executivo quis então dissociar as ações da Fifa das do governo brasileiro. Afirmou que não concorda com remoções de famílias. Mas, segundo ele, a entidade não tem como controlar isso.
“Cada governo resolve como vai fazer a Copa. Não temos como interferir nisso”, disse Koch, que, junto com mais um funcionário, avisou à direção do sindicato, por volta das 17h, que iria participar do debate que começaria às 19h.
Parecendo ainda alheio a alguns acontecimentos mais recentes no Rio de Janeiro, ele afirmou, porém, que a remoção de pessoas para a Copa do Mundo na África do Sul repercutiu mal para o órgão internacional.
“Removiam as pessoas para quilômetros de distância de suas casas. Era péssimo para nós”, disse ele, encurralado por jornalistas já dentro do elevador, para ir embora, sem fazer referência, no entanto, à repetição da situação no Rio. (Veja aqui vídeo do momento)
O professor do Ippur/ UFRJ Carlos Vainer havia discursado logo antes, apresentando dados sobre a retirada de famílias de seus locais de origem, para dar lugar a obras de infraestrutura para os megaeventos. Ele também fez uma dura crítica à repressão de manifestantes que estão denunciando a violação de direitos humanos na cidade do Rio.
“Na ditadura militar, foram removidas cerca de 25 mil pessoas. Agora estamos falando de mais de 50 mil. E ainda criminalizam o direito de manifestação política. A democracia terá que ser conquistada na luta e nas ruas.”
Em determinado momento, Vainer se irritou com os representantes da Fifa, que insistiam em afirmar que, segundo pesquisas, a Copa será benéfica para a maioria dos brasileiros. Logo, as pessoas ali presentes representariam uma minoria. “Minoria são vocês no nosso país”, retrucou o professor.
A partir daí, uma intensa sabatina começou. Perguntas como “Por que nos impuseram a Lei Geral da Copa?”; “Qual será o lucro da Fifa com o evento no Brasil”; “O que vocês estão achando das manifestações?” deram o tom e tiveram respostas surpreendentes.
Sobre a lei, eles disseram que não sabiam do que se tratava. Na segunda, a resposta foi: US$ 2,1 bilhões, a serem revertidos a Copas do Mundo de categorias de base. Na última, saíram pela tangente dizendo que são a favor dos protestos pacíficos.
Ficou acertado, então, que o pedido de uma reunião aberta da sociedade civil brasileira com a Fifa seria levado ao alto escalão da entidade. A plateia queria mais. O pedido era que ali fosse firmado um compromisso: com violência e remoções, não haverá Copa. Não aconteceu.
Let's get one thing straight. Loyalty in football is the preserve of the supporters. They are the ones who maintain it and make sure the game isn't just a barren wasteland inhabited only by the fickle and the flaky.
For the footballer, loyalty is something that was once tangible early in your career.
I went home feeling like I was due at the gallows the next morning.
You can feel it. Touch it. Smell it. The feeling seems mutual. It's like a love story. You'll do anything for them and vice versa.
That loyalty helps drive you on to sprint that little bit harder. It motivates you to get up in the morning, to throw yourself into tackles that that might injure you.
But that's all right, the club will look after you, won't they? Won't they?
Well, not always.
You see, footballers are commodities to be bought, sold or discarded as the club sees fit and to expect anything more than that would be too much.
I've seen too many players refused moves then thrown onto the scrapheap within two seasons.
I've seen too many players who have suffered injuries and need another six months to get fully fit again released because they would just be a hindrance.
I've seen players practically beg for acknowledgement when they approach their testimonial year.
Clubs do not owe their players a living and regardless of their commitment, footballers should never expect their club to provide them with one.
That's how it works. That one-size-fits-all answer you're given is one that papers over an earthquake of cracks. You're just told ‘that's football' and you get on with your life.
When you're a kid, you get drawn into the romanticism of it all. The boyhood dream of leading your hometown club out at Wembley in the FA Cup final, captain's armband tightly embracing your left arm.
But that ideal is chipped away by the realities of the game so that by the time you're 25 and part of the 1% of the 1% of players who are still playing full-time football at the age of 21, you've woken up to the truth.
Dmitri Payet has come in for a lot of criticism for the way their inevitable departure from West Ham has been handled but it's more than just about the money.
Too late in life did it dawn on me that there was more to life than football and only recently have I accepted that happiness comes in different forms and not just what football can provide.
We wrongly assume that the playing in the English Premier League and the UEFA Champions League is the be-all and end-all that will make every footballer happy, but it isn't. We castigate players for having the temerity to accept huge deals from China that will set them and their families up for a life without financial worry but forget that they didn't come to play English football in the first place because the weather is nice.
Payet and their family are clearly unhappy in England and if they are, I can't really understand why someone would hold that against him.
They should be applauded for putting the happiness of their family first rather than selfishly pursue their own career.
People might question their motives for signing a new contract but that contract also secured West Ham a fee double in size they paid for him. And they certainly won't command the same wages at Marseille as the reported £125k a week salary they get at West Ham.
All we've heard so far is Slaven Bilic telling us how hurt they are that Payet now longer wants to play for West Ham. That they wish to return to the club they never wanted to leave in the first place and was only sold to ease their financial difficulties. That last part is something I can relate to.
While Darlington were experiencing financial difficulties, Ayr United - in the second tier of Scottish football - made an offer for me and I was summoned to the manager's office to be told either the club sold me or the rest of the players wouldn't be getting paid for the third consecutive month.
I was still living at home at the time but the players who had families and mortgages to pay were struggling and the way the situation stood, I had no choice in the matter.
Did I want to go to Ayr United? No offence, but it wasn't moved the move I'd been dreaming of.
I went home feeling like I was due at the gallows the next morning. The transfer fee might have been giving Darlington a stay of execution but it felt like I was being consigned to the death penalty.
Luckily for me, Darlington were taken over within a matter of days and I was allowed to have some say in where my future lay.
I drew the line at writing “SLAVE” across my cheek like Prince in protest against their record label, but it seemed pretty unfair at the time.
The things are, if you are naive as I was back then, you just feel grateful for being a footballer at all. You feel so lucky that someone has given you the opportunity that you just take what they give you. And when you are so desperate to be a footballer, clubs can take advantage of the model professionals who are loyal.
The ones who take pay cuts to stay at clubs because they are happy where they are and don't want to move.
That was me. That's how I thought and I was wrong because you can't use loyalty for anything when your career is over.
It's nice that people appreciate your effort and see that you really cared, but you're left feeling naive and green behind the ears. The clubs will see this as a good bargain on their behalf, taking advantage of the loyal player. Good business.
But when it's the players who look at it with a business-like manner, they don't seem to like it. Which is tough really, because they are the ones who made it that way.
The biggest opening weekend of all time stands at $208 million for Jurassic World, closely followed by $207 million for The Avengers. The biggest opening weekend in December is the $84 million haul for The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, after which they are all $77 million or below. In the 18 years since James Cameron's Titanic, there has not been a single film save James Cameron's Avatar that has surpassed the original 1997 $1.8 billion worldwide cume for the Oscar winning boat sinking romance. The Avengers couldn't do it. Jurassic World couldn't do it. The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King couldn't do it. So when I read articles like this one from Deadline swearing that Star Wars: The Force Awakens is going to earn $615 million in its global debut weekend and may well earn $300 million on its domestic opening weekend (and others of its ilk), I have to wonder if we are setting the movie up for box office failure. Will it be considered a whiff if it merely performs like a top-tier blockbuster? After all, we've done that before when it came to new Star Wars movies.
Star Wars Episode One: The Phantom Menace was going to make $240 million on its opening weekend. That was the calculation that my father and I had come to in the months leading up to release. It was a mathematical solution to the question of how much could the new Star Wars film gross if it sold out every theater of every showing during its Friday-to-Sunday opening weekend. Yes, this was before Lucasfilm made the last minute choice to open on a Wednesday. Like many box office pundits young and old, we saw the proverbial sky as the limit for how much George Lucas's prequel could gross. Would it dethrone Titanic? Could it break $100 million in a single weekend? Surely it would demolish the $26 million single-day record set by The Lost World: Jurassic Park, right? And there is nothing wrong with pie-in-the-sky box office predictions among fathers and sons, or among fellow film nerds online, at the water cooler, or in school cafeterias. But what was merely playful speculation on our part was all-but-repeated elsewhere as ironclad analysis and foolproof predictions.
Mainstream media outlets reported not just that the film would break records but that basically every single seat would be sold out on May 19th, 1999 until May 23rd, 1999. And thus when it did open, with surprisingly mixed reviews and on a weekend when kids were still in school, it was initially written off as a disappointment for merely doing really well. Star Wars Episode One: The Phantom Menace broke the single day record ($28 million opening on a Wednesday) and became the first film to cross $100 million in five days with a $105m Wed-Sun total. But the Fri-Sun weekend was "only" $64 million, so The Lost World: Jurassic Park's $72 million Fri-Sun record still stood. The film was unquestionably a smash, but yet it was discussed as a disappointment because it wasn't unquestionably the biggest movie ever. The professional pundits hemmed and hawed about why this might have happened. My dad and I joked that the talk of overcrowding may have led to a Yogi Berra effect ("Nobody goes to that restaurant anymore, it's too crowded!").
And that may have been the case, as the film dropped just 25% on its second weekend, racked up another $66m over the Fri-Mon Memorial Day weekend, and crossed the $200 million mark in a then-record 13 days. The film played all summer long, with minimal drops, and eventually earned $431 million domestic, second only to Star Wars and Titanic at the time, but the picture never escaped the notion that it coulda/shoulda done better. As irrelevant as that may be in hindsight, there can be a price when would-be professional pundits (often quoting unnamed box office analysts or unaffiliated financial experts who don't generally study the movie business) start throwing out fantasy baseball box office predictions which are then treated not just as serious analysis but the would-be bar for success. Avengers: Age of Ultron earned $191 million on opening weekend and $1.4 billion worldwide. But there are still those who swear it was supposed to earn $250 million on opening weekend and $2 billion worldwide and consider its performance an example of Marvel's waning popularity and/or superhero fatigue..
The notion that the film is going to open with $300 million in America, in a month where no movie has ever opened with more than $84 million, in an industry where no movie has ever opened with more than $208 million, is so fantastical that it almost resembles an act of industrial sabotage by setting a bar that the film will probably not even approach. Is it realistic to presume that J.J. Abrams's sci-fi sequel will open 44% bigger on opening weekend than any other movie ever, or 3.5x larger than any December weekend ever? If Walt Disney wanted a new opening weekend record, they would have opened the film in the summer, just as 20th Century Fox gave away Phantom Menace's shot at a record by moving to Wednesday in 1999. The reason the pre-Christmas weekend is so good for big movies is the legs you get after opening weekend, not the actual "kids are still in school and/or studying for exams" weekend that leads into the long holiday.
And on that very same weekend King Kong was written off as a failure for "only" opening with $66 million over the Wed-Sun weekend because overeager box office pundits thought the three-hour ape/woman platonic romance adventure would threaten Titanic. Ten years later, the $210 million-budgeted Peter Jackson remake is still considered a failure despite earning $550 million worldwide. This stuff has consequences. Overenthusiastic predictions that The Force Awakens is going to demolish every single short term and long term box office record ever stops being fun chit-chat when it starts coming from would-be serious analysts and being treated as likely gospel. Barring an inexplicable fluke, Star Wars: The Force Awakens will be a massive domestic and worldwide smash that will earn back many times its $200 million production budget. And that December weekend sets it up for long legs here and abroad, especially with a month-long hold on IMAX screens. The only way Walt Disney can really lose with Star Wars, aside from the first movie being terrible and poisoning the well, is for the notion of anything less than record-breaking performances being written off as a failure.
Will a $125 million opening weekend, followed by a $110 million second weekend over Christmas and then another $90 million weekend over New Year's be good enough? Will a worldwide total of "only" $1.3 billion be written off as a catastrophe with damage done to Disney's stock as a result? Star Wars in this current box office environment is something of an unknown. We don't know how the public at-large will react, nor do we know if overseas audiences are as gung-ho for the franchise as Americans allegedly are. Say what you will about Jurassic World, but that one didn't require you to have seen at least three prior films from 30-35 years ago to get maximum enjoyment out of the film. Okay, sure, the film could live up to the hype in every way and break $1 billion in ten days while dethroning Titanic and Avatar by Christmas Day or some other silliness. Preemptively declaring Star Wars: The Force Awakens as the biggest thing ever right out of the gate makes good copy, is fun to write, and gets clicks. We should remember that becoming the biggest everything ever isn't remotely the bare minimum bar for success. I would hope we all learned that lesson sixteen years ago when the Jedi first returned. Because this kind of speculation is, well, "It's a trap!"
Did you drink the Kool-Aid? The phrase has become such a part of the vocabulary that, for many, its origins in the infamous Nov. 18, 1978, Jonestown Massacre has been obscured.
During the massacre—a series of killings followed by a mass suicide—a California member of congress and an estimated 900 followers of the People's Temple cult led by Jim Jones perished in the jungles of Guyana. Frequent news reports said those who killed themselves upon Jones' orders drank cyanide-laced Kool-Aid as authorities began to close in on the group.
The events were sparked by the assassination of California Congressman Leo Ryan, who was there to investigate complaints after the group moved from San Francisco. But like many aspects of the Jonestown tragedy, its details have been changed in the popular imagination. In fact, the group didn't drink Kool-Aid; instead, they drank a British version of the popular sugary American drink. And not everyone committed suicide. At least some tried to flee the scene, only to be shot by Jones' henchmen.
At the time, the massacre shook the world. It was blamed on Jones' charismatic hold on the cult. The tragedy involved a racially-integrated community, a rarity in American life at the time, composed of both African Americans and whites. Back in Indiana, Jones was a white Christian preacher who claimed allegiance to the civil rights' struggles of African Americans in the 1960s and 70s. The People's Temple relocated from Indianapolis to San Francisco before emigrating to Guyana en masse, and in some quarters the tragedy was blamed on California quirkiness.
Jonestown was seen as inspiring a conservative turn in the nation at large, which was soon to elect Ronald Reagan president. Many analyzed the power of cult leaders to manipulate their followers. Some saw Jones as another powerful white man exploiting black people for their own ends (an estimated 80 percent of their followers were African Americans). While it jolted the world at the time, the massacre gradually got lost in the swirl of events. The victims generated relatively little public sympathy, as Christians and Americans looked upon them as brainwashed cult adherents, isolated from the mainstream. Politicians argued over where the bodies should be buried. Officials in Delaware—where the bodies came to Dover Air Force Base—and in Guyana made sure that publicity about the remains was minimized, lest the Jonestown dead be glorified in the public mind.
What remains is the “drinking the Kool-Aid phrase,” implying derision. In contemporary language, it remains a warning about ignoring personal doubts about dangerous groupthink, a legacy of Jonestown that continues.
Open Source (Almost) Everything
When Chris and I first started working on GitHub in late 2007, we split the work into two parts. Chris worked on the Rails app and I worked on Grit, the first ever Git bindings for Ruby. After six months of development, Grit had become complete enough to power GitHub during our public launch of the site and we were faced with an interesting question:
Should we open source Grit or keep it proprietary?
Keeping it private would provide a higher hurdle for competing Ruby-based Git hosting sites, giving us an advantage. Open sourcing it would mean thousands of people worldwide could use it to build interesting Git tools, creating an even more vibrant Git ecosystem.
After a small amount of debate we decided to open source Grit. I don't recall the specifics of the conversation but that decision nearly four years ago has led to what I think is one of our most important core values: open source (almost) everything.
Why is it awesome to open source (almost) everything?
If you do it right, open sourcing code is great advertising for you and your company. At GitHub we like to talk publicly about libraries and systems we've written that are still closed but destined to become open source. This technique has several advantages. It helps determine what to open source and how much care we should put into a launch. We recently open sourced Hubot, our chat bot, to widespread delight. Within two days it had 500 watchers on GitHub and 409 upvotes on Hacker News. This translates into goodwill for GitHub and more superfans than ever before.
If your code is popular enough to attract outside contributions, you will have created a force multiplier that helps you get more work done faster and cheaper. More users mean more use cases being explored which means more robust code. Our very own resque has been improved by 115 different individuals outside the company, with hundreds more providing 3rd-party plugins that extend resque's functionality. Every bug fix and feature that you merge is time saved and customer frustration avoided.
Smart people like to hang out with other smart people. Smart developers like to hang out with smart code. When you open source useful code, you attract talent. Every time a talented developer cracks open the code to one of your projects, you win. I've had many great conversations at tech conferences about my open source code. Some of these encounters have led to ideas that directly resulted in better solutions to problems I was having with my projects. In an industry with such a huge range of creativity and productivity between developers, the right eyeballs on your code can make a big difference.
If you're hiring, the best technical interview possible is the one you don't have to do because the candidate is already kicking ass on one of your open source projects. Once technical excellence has been established in this way, all that remains is to verify cultural fit and convince that person to come work for you. If they're passionate about the open source code they've been writing, and you're the kind of company that cares about well-crafted code (which clearly you are), that should be simple! We hired Vicent Martí after we saw them doing stellar work on libgit2, a project we're spearheading at GitHub to extract core Git functionality into a standalone C library. No technical interview was necessary, Vicent had already proven their skills via open source.
Once you've hired all those great people through their contributions, dedication to open source code is an amazingly effective way to retain that talent. Let's face it, great developers can take their pick of jobs right now. These same developers know the value of coding in the open and will want to build up a portfolio of projects they can show off to their friends and potential future employers. That's right, a paradox! In order to keep a killer developer happy, you have to help them become more attractive to other employers. But that's ok, because that's exactly the kind of developer you want to have working for you. So relax and let them work on open source or they'll go somewhere else where they can.
When I start a new project, I assume it will eventually be open sourced (even if it's unlikely). This mindset leads to effortless modularization. If you think about how other people outside your company might use your code, you become much less likely to bake in proprietary configuration details or tightly coupled interfaces. This, in turn, leads to cleaner, more maintainable code. Even internal code should pretend to be open source code.
Have you ever written an amazing library or tool at one job and then left to join another company only to rewrite that code or remain miserable in its absence? I have, and it sucks. By getting code out in the public we can drastically reduce duplication of effort. Less duplication means more work towards things that matter.
Lastly, it's the right thing to do. It's almost impossible to do anything these days without directly or indirectly executing huge amounts of open source code. If you use the internet, you're using open source. That code represents millions of man-hours of time that has been spent and then given away so that everyone may benefit. We all enjoy the benefits of open source software, and I believe we are all morally obligated to give back to that community. If software is an ocean, then open source is the rising tide that raises all ships.
Ok, then what shouldn't I open source?
That's easy. Don't open source anything that represents core business value.
Here are some examples of what we don't open source and why:
Core GitHub Rails app (easier to sell when closed)
The Jobs Sinatra app (specially crafted integration with github.com)
Here are some examples of things we do open source and why:
Grit (general purpose Git bindings, useful for building many tools)
Ernie (general purpose BERT-RPC server)
Resque (general purpose job processing)
Jekyll (general purpose static site generator)
Gollum (general purpose wiki app)
Hubot (general purpose chat bot)
Charlock_Holmes (general purpose character encoding detection)
Albino (general purpose syntax highlighting)
Linguist (general purpose filetype detection)
Notice that everything we keep closed has specific business value that could be compromised by giving it away to our competitors. Everything we open is a general purpose tool that can be used by all kinds of people and companies to build all kinds of things.
What is the One True License?
I prefer the MIT license and almost everything we open source at GitHub carries this license. I love this license for several reasons:
It's short. Anyone can read this license and understand exactly what it means without wasting a bunch of money consulting high-octane lawyers.
Enough protection is offered to be relatively sure you won't sue me if something goes wrong when you use my code.
Everyone understands the legal implications of the MIT license. Weird licenses like the WTFPL and the Beer license pretend to be the “ultimate in free licenses” but utterly fail at this goal. These fringe licenses are too vague and unenforceable to be acceptable for use in some companies. On the other side, the GPL is too restrictive and dogmatic to be usable in many cases. I want everyone to benefit from my code. Everyone. That's what Open should mean, and that's what Free should mean.
Rad, how do I get started?
Easy, just flip that switch on your GitHub repository from private to public and tell the world about your software via your blog, Twitter, Hacker News, and over beers at your local pub. Then sit back, relax, and enjoy being part of something big.
Discuss this post on Hacker News
This was my first Secret Santa so naturally I was kinda nervous if really something good will come out of this. I put all the random informations I could think of about myself in the likes/dislikes section and waited for my matching. Shortly after my Santa contacted me and I started to have a good feeling about this especially as my gift was already marked sent on december 10th.
Then I waited and time got by but finally a whole month later the package finally found it's way to my doorstep and I can no-doubtly say that it was worth the wait.
I shortly started longboarding and now I got all I need to really get started. I can't wait for the winter to end to get going. The graphic novels look very promising (I really loved the movie and wasn't even aware it's origin is a comic book) An issue of geek magazine which looks like my new favourite magazine of all time. Some cards of virgina beach a hoodie and a cap and how you managed to find out that I'm kind of a coffee addict is beyond me.
Thank you so very much! A Happy new year to you too!
And don't worry I will bring the tale of the greatness of the Yankees out to the world! Thanks again!
With more than three months remaining until opening day, and 52 more days until Dodgers pitchers and catchers report to spring training at Camelback Ranch, we are stuck with pockets of downtime for much of the next several weeks, such as now in between Christmas and New Year's Day.
So it's a good thing the 2015 edition of the annual Bill James Handbook is out, which I picked up last week. There are several morsels of information throughout the book, like the Dodgers were 22-for-38 in instant replay challenges in 2014 (57.9 percent), ahead of the major league success rate of 52.6 percent.
Or that using park factors from the last three years (2012-2014), Dodger Stadium was favorable for home run hitters (a 111 park factor, meaning 11 percent above average, with 100 being average), but below average for doubles (95 park factor, fourth-lowest in the NL) and absolutely death to triples (43 park factors, the lowest in the majors).
Or that the average National League used 33 double switches in 2014, but only two managers called for 40 or more. Don Mattingly, not surprisingly, called for 62 double switches last year, but they didn't lead the league; Giants manager Bruce Bochy called for 64.
But perhaps the most fun part of the annual book is the 2015 projections for just about every player.
In 2014, James pretty much nailed most of their projection for Matt Kemp:
projected: 157-for-543, .289/.352/.483, 23 home runs, 30 doubles, three triples, 85 RBI, 50 walks, 147 strikeouts
actual: 155-for-541, .287/.346/.506, 25 home runs, 38 doubles, three triples, 89 RBI, 52 walks 145 strikeouts
In 2015, most of the projections were done before the flurry of trades at the winter meetings, so Kemp is projected as a Dodger, Jimmy Rollins as a member of the Phillies, Howie Kendrick with the Angels, and so on.
I won't share all of these projections since the book and James' website are for-profit ventures with information behind pay walls, but there are a few noteworthy items to point out.
James' offensive projections tend to be on the favorable side, so take this with a grain of salt, but Alex Guerrero — assuming they find enough playing time — is projected to hit .278/.300/.483 with 24 home runs in 2015.
Kemp was projected — again, as a Dodger — to hit .289/.353/.495 with 25 home runs.
Joc Pederson is projected to hit .269/.355/.462 with 26 home runs and 29 steals, which would qualify as "jump for joy" status at the very least and would likely net Pederson NL Rookie of the Year honors.
Andre Ethier is projected to hit .270/.350/.420 with 12 home runs.
Newcomer Yasmani Grandal was projected to hit .260/.362/.447 with 17 home runs, 28 doubles and 68 walks with the Padres, so adjust accordingly for their new team.
James projects Yasiel Puig to hit .316/.399/530 with 23 home runs, ranking fifth in MLB in OPS, behind only Mike Trout (.992), Miguel Cabrera (.965), Paul Goldschmidt (.955) and Giancarlo Stanton (.950).
Clayton Kershaw is projected to go 21-5 with a 2.37 ERA and 245 strikeouts in 232 innings, the only pitcher in baseball projected by James to win more than 16 games. In 2014, James also had Kershaw as the only 20-game winner, projecting 20-5 with a 2.50 ERA, and Kershaw went 21-3 with a 1.77 ERA.
James gives Kershaw, with 98 career wins through age 26, a 31 percent chance at 300 wins, the best chance among active pitchers. Felix Hernandez (125 wins through age 28) has a 26 percent chance, the only other pitcher really close.
Kershaw also is the most likely pitcher in baseball to throw a(nother) no-hitter, with a 25-percent chance to hurl another one in their career.
With Steamer projections currently on FanGraphs, and Dodgers ZiPS projections due out next week, we will have more to work with in terms of projections soon. The 2015 player profiles will begin in February.
Story highlights Man fleeing thieves collides with officer responding to scene
Police commissioner said the two men 'became entangled' and officer's gun went off
Shooting believed to be an accident
New York police involved in two high profile shootings last month
A New York police officer, in an apparent accident, shot and killed a grocery store clerk early Friday as the man fled a robbery, authorities said.
The case in the Bronx marked another deadly shooting involving police in recent weeks. Other high-profile incidents occurred around Midtown landmarks in broad daylight.
in Friday's incident, police said three suspects entered the corner bodega around 2 a.m. and ordered Reynaldo Cuevas, 20, to lie on the floor as they took cash, lottery tickets, and cigarettes.
One suspect pistol-whipped the night manager, who was there with Cuevas, before retreating to the back of the store after a look-out warned that officers had arrived, police said.
Apparently sensing an opportunity to escape, Cuevas sprinted from the scene and collided at full speed with one of the responding officers, Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said at a news conference.
"The two became entangled, at which point we believe the officer accidentally discharged their weapon," Kelly said.
Cuevas, who was unarmed and was the nephew of the store's owner, was pronounced dead at St. Barnabas Hospital from a gunshot wound to their left shoulder, police said.
The officer was not identified.
The robbery was captured by surveillance cameras and shown at the news conference.
New York police were involved in two high profile shootings last month.
Nine pedestrians suffered bullet or fragment wounds when police shot and killed an armed man outside the Empire State Building on August 24. Jeffrey Johnson had just shot and killed a former coworker, police said.
Police also fatally shot Darrius Kennedy, who they said was brandishing a knife near Times Square on August 11. Police said they ordered Kennedy to drop the weapon and sprayed pepper spray multiple times before using lethal force.
Dele Alli has vowed to be more in control of their temper which we saw them lose on numerous occasions last season. Most notably, their clash with Claudio Yacob towards the back end of last season saw them pick up a three match ban and arguably played a big role in Spurs' capitulation in May which saw them drop from second to third.
“The manager spoke to me and from what happened last year I had to miss the last three games, so I realised I can't do those sorts of things,” said the 20-year-old at the England press conference on Friday.
“So I have been working on it and I know I need to keep it under control. It was a crazy year for me, it's happening quickly and I've got a lot of people to thank for it. There were definitely a lot of things that I've learnt from last season.”
“I'm young, I'm 20 now and I've hopefully got a long career ahead of me. I just want to keep improving and getting better, then hopefully this season can be better than last season.”
Spur fans and certainly Mauricio Pochettino will be hopeful that Dele Alli uses last season as a learning curve and sticks to their words and doesn't let oppositional players get under their skin as quickly as they did during the course of last season.
Advertisements
By Steve Barnes
LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas (Reuters) – A federal judge on Friday struck down an Arkansas law that would ban most abortions starting at 12 weeks of pregnancy, one of the most restrictive such statutes enacted in the United States, declaring the measure unconstitutional.
U.S. District Judge Susan Webber Wright ruled that the law “impermissibly infringes a woman's Fourteenth Amendment right to elect to terminate a pregnancy before viability” of the fetus, as established by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Webber had previously barred enforcement of the measure while they reviewed a legal challenge to it brought by two Arkansas abortion providers.
As enacted, the Arkansas Human Heartbeat Protection Act would have banned most abortions at or after 12 weeks of pregnancy, if a fetal heartbeat could be detected by standard ultrasound.
Doctors who were found to violate the statute risked having their licenses revoked by the state medical board.
Exemptions were allowed in cases where the pregnancy resulted from rape or incest, if the life of the mother were in danger, or in cases of a gross fetal abnormality that made its survival impossible.
Webber's decision let stand the law's requirement that a woman seeking an abortion first undergo an ultrasound to determine whether a fetal heartbeat is present.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which represented the doctors in the lawsuit, applauded Wright's ruling.
“This ban would have inserted politicians into the deeply personal medical decisions of Arkansas women,” said Rita Sklar, president of the organization's Arkansas chapter.
State Senator Jason Rapert, the primary sponsor of the measure, said they were “disturbed” by the ruling but added that the outcome “was not unexpected because of the posture of our courts for the last 40 years.”
Rapert said they nonetheless are gratified that Wright had let stand “one of the strongest informed consent laws in the nation.”
Governor Mike Beebe of Arkansas, a Democrat, vetoed the law after it was passed by the Republican-controlled state legislature in March 2013, citing its conflict with Supreme Court doctrine, but their veto was overridden.
The Arkansas attorney general, Dustin McDaniel, who had echoed Beebe's reservations about the bill, said they had not decided whether the state would appeal Wright's decision.
Rapert said they had urged McDaniel to defend the law, and said a national anti-abortion organization had volunteered to undertake the appeal “at no cost to the Arkansas taxpayers” if the attorney general would designate the group as “special counsel.”
Alabama lawmakers earlier this month approved similar legislation. North Dakota passed a fetal heartbeat law last year that critics said could effectively ban abortions as early as six weeks after conception, but that measure was blocked by a federal judge in July.
About a dozen states, including Arkansas, have enacted prohibitions on abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, though some of those measures have also been enjoined by federal courts.
(Reporting by Steve Barnes; Editing by Steve Gorman and Lisa Shumaker)
[Male Judge In A Courtroom Striking The Gavel on Shutterstock]
The Wall Street Journal editors keep wishing that the Iraq war was still going on:
The best use of such aid would be as part of a counterinsurgency campaign to win back the Sunni population. But the U.S. gave up most of its leverage with Mr. Maliki when President Obama chose to leave Iraq in toto to serve their re-election theme that “the tide of war is receding.” It would have been far better for U.S. security to have kept 5,000 or 10,000 troops, as well as air and intelligence assets, as a bulwark against al Qaeda's revival and Iran's regional dominance.
When we remember that U.S. forces weren't able to do this when there were more than 100,000 of them in Iraq, it should be immediately clear how useless and needlessly risky it would be to keep a few thousand Americans in Iraq with no end in sight. Leave aside the inconvenient fact that the Iraqi government wasn't going to agree to their presence. Just ask whether it would have made any sense to leave a small number of American soldiers in a country where they would frequently come under attack for the sake of shoring up a semi-authoritarian and sectarian government. Is it likely that there would be fewer terrorist attacks in Iraq if U.S. forces were still there? Is it not rather more likely that their continued presence would serve as an invitation for even more? Keeping 10,000 Americans in Iraq wouldn't provide a “bulwark” against anything. It would mean more Americans getting needlessly killed in a desperate bid to vindicate a disastrous and unnecessary war.
The states' rights candidate failed today in their first attempt to overturn Virginia's state election laws.
A federal judge in Richmond today rejected Texas Gov. Rick Perry's request for an emergency court order to require Virginia's Board of Elections to place their name on the March Republican presidential primary ballot.
Lawyers for Perry, whose presidential campaign failed to submit enough valid signatures to win a spot on the Old Dominion's primary ballot, argued that Virginia's requirements are “overly burdensome and unconstitutional.”
Virginia requires that presidential candidates submit the valid signatures of 10,000 registered Virginia voters — including 400 from each of the state's 11 congressional districts — to gain ballot access. Perry was one of five Republican presidential candidates unable to meet Virginia's standards. Only fellow Texan Ron Paul and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney qualified for the ballot.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich also is challenging the Virginia rules.
Today's setback does not necessarily mean an end to Perry's hopes to win a ballot spot. U.S. District Judge John A. Gibney Jr. scheduled a Jan. 13 court date to hear arguments in the case.
Since Virginia's primary ballots are required to be printed by Jan. 9, Perry will not meet that deadline. But the federal judge did leave open the possibility that they could order the state to print a second set of ballots if Perry (and other off-the-ballot candidates) are successful in their legal challenges.
The European Union's foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini has gone to the United Nations Security Council seeking help for “saving migrants' lives” in the Mediterranean, and approval for the plan to use force against people smugglers.
It is not only a humanitarian emergency, but also a security crisis since smuggling networks are linked to and in some cases finance terrorist activities
The EU wants clear legal backing at international level for a draft resolution authorising military operations to inspect and possibly destroy traffickers' boats.
The move follows a dramatic rise in the number of people trying to cross to Europe from Africa – with a corresponding increase in the number of sinkings and deaths.
In their speech to the UN Security Council, Mogherini said there was an urgent need to face the tragedies unfolding in the Mediterranean.
“2015 looks even worse than the previous year. And considered that in 2014, 3,300 migrants died trying to enter the European Union by sea, which means that three out of four people who perished while crossing the border in the world, died in the Mediterranean Sea, three out of four,” the EU's foreign policy chief said.
“It is not only a humanitarian emergency, but also a security crisis since smuggling networks are linked to and in some cases finance terrorist activities, which contributes to instability in a region that is already unstable enough.”
The Guardian has reported that Britain has been drafting the resolution that would authorise the military mission. Diplomats from Italy, France, Lithuania and Spain are also said to be involved.
Russia and some African countries are said to be reticent about the possible use of force. Mogherini travelled to Beijing last week seeking support for the proposal amid fears that China and Russia could veto the resolution.
Libya has objected to the proposals, which were agreed by EU governments last month.
The measures include tripling funding to boost search and rescue efforts, tackling smuggling networks, and destroying vessels.
The increased funding has been welcomed, but the repressive measures have been criticised.
Amnesty International says in a new report that without alternative solutions, migrants and refugees could be trapped in Libya and exposed to serious human rights abuses.
Last month the EU's plan was attacked by independent UN human rights experts for an over-emphasis on security and repression.
The plan for military action has also been criticised by International refugee lawyer Guy Goodwin-Gill, who said desperate refugees and people traffickers would find ways around them.
“This is the trouble with so many of these short-sighted, short-term responses to the phenomenon of migration – the ‘building fence' mentality, the ‘use of military force' mentality – which does absolutely nothing to deal with the root causes of movement between states, and we have to engage long-term,” they told BBC radio.
The European Union is to unveil a new European “migration agenda” on Wednesday, which is expected to call for a quota system of sharing refugees among the EU's 28 member states.
Sony's booth at Tokyo Games Show is probably not the best place to play Deep Down. TGS has a deafeningly loud show floor, where rival companies hope to win your attention with ridiculously-dressed show staff and ever-increasing volumes designed to drown out the stand opposite.
Deep Down, meanwhile, feels like a game that should be played at home with the curtains drawn, a furrowed look on your brow and a few fingers crossed, hoping for the best. It's about inching your heavy plate armour forward towards the next tunnel corner and straining to hear what's breathing beyond. It's about feeling protected in your hulking suit, whatever might be up next, then suddenly hating your metal protection for being so cumbersome - you've seen what lies beyond, and now you'd quite like to nip away.
The short demo I played revealed little about the game's overall mechanics and less of the game's plot, which sees warriors named Ravens travel back in time to face what inhabits the dark, randomly-generated pathways of Deep Down's labyrinthine dungeons. The trial level saw my unnamed character face a tribe of pig-faced monsters: tusked, sinewy beasts that look like the chaps Jabba the Hutt had guarded their palace in Return of the Jedi. But these are no mere pointy stick fodder. By default, the demo suggests you explore in "Casual Mode", an option which saw me survive the area bruised but alive. Those who switch it off will have a much tougher time.
The trial began with the choice of two characters (though the final game will support at least four players simultaneously), each with their own style of armour. I chose my heavily fortified fellow over a chainmail-wearing alternative - presumably that option would have been nimbler at the cost of having less protection. After a rare brightly-lit sequence in an open cavern I stepped into the dark. The crumbling, dusty walls soon swallowed me up as I edged forward toward a guttering brazier. I tested my pike-like weapon against a few nearby pots, hoping to find something of use inside. I did not. Holding down L1 and tapping R1 allows you to perform a short stabby swipe, handy for close contact and any nearby terracotta. L1 and tapping R2 activates your standard attack, a powerful thrust that can be aimed manually at key areas of an enemy's body.
It wasn't long before the first pig-guard - they had their back to me, which made them somewhat easy pickings. I prodded them twice in their rump before they could fully turn around, damage numbers spewing forth alongside a shower of blood, their health bar mildly depleted. They charged, I caught them between the eyes with a second volley of slashes, and they were suddenly upon me. I found out later you can perform a quick backstep move to dodge an attack (you have no shield or way of blocking blows manually), but at the time it was another flurry of swift stabs that saved me. I think I had managed to interrupt at least some of their swipes - either way, they keeled over.
Deep Down delights in unexpected surprises and the need for quick reflexes, although with its procedurally generated levels it's unclear how much of this is planned. Capcom's Yoshinori Ono - who turned up in person while I was queuing and demoed the game to a whipped-up crowd - previously stated that the game would be "regulated random". I watched the person in front of me complete their run and saw the layout in their preview was certainly different - at one point they managed to pike a pig-guard around a corner by awkwardly aiming across a gap. Cave sections remain the same length, however, and split up by discrete warp points. These welcome sights mark the end of your trials and can only be activated by waiting on them for a number of seconds - enough to make sure you've made the area safe, and presumably for the next section's layout to be generated.
Motes of dust float within rare shafts of light. Lost? You can press the DualShock 4's touch pad to bring up a basic map overlay.
Other obstacles include rotating stone pillars that spit flaming arrows, and fire jets that roast both yourself and foes alike. Kiting an enemy into the latter burns off a significant portion of their health, although it's obviously a risky manoeuvre. Another trap saw the portion of flooring I'd stepped on suddenly collapse under me without warning, a surprise both to myself and the guard beneath I happened to land next to.
The only disappointing aspect to the demo was how little it revealed of the game's other systems. You collect dollops of sparkling blue mana from downed enemies and find a similar reward in certain chests. Some of this substance fills up gauges for special attacks - such as a whirlwind strike where your knight windmills their pike around - but what else it did wasn't apparent, nor was any other detail on how your character might be upgraded.
How much of what I played was a scripted event? How many other people had the same experience? I can't say. But whether through pure luck, scripting or, most likely, a mix of both, Deep Down's unpredictable underworld always compelled me to continue on. Its surprises were frequent enough to make my character's slow-paced plod an adventure, and never unfair or repetitive enough to become an interruption. I'm reminded of standing in the first, brightly-lit area, having only scratched the game's surface. I can't wait to go deeper.
Elijah Foster and the Wolf Pack make their public debut Friday. (Photo: Andy Barron/RGJ file)
The Wolf Pack will play its one and only exhibition game of the season Friday when it hosts Division II San Francisco State at 7 p.m. Friday night at Lawlor Events Center.
The game will be preceded by the unveiling of the College Basketball Invitational title banner. In years past, Nevada's exhibition games have been free. This year, all seats cost $5 with open seating on a first-come, first-served basis. Season-ticket holders have a stub for free entrance on their ticket packages.
The Wolf Pack returns four starters (Cameron Oliver, D.J. Fenner, Lindsey Drew, Elijah Foster) from last year's team, which went 24-14 overall and finished tied for fourth in the Mountain West at 10-8. Nevada adds three Division I transfers (Jordan Caroline, Leland King, Marcus Marshall) who are now eligible as well as two freshmen (Devearl Ramsey, Josh Hall) who were both top-150 national recruits.
San Francisco State went 16-11 last season, including a 10-10 conference record. The team is coached by Paul Trevor, who enters their seventh year running the program. These programs have met 59 times before, with Nevada posting a 24-35 record in those games. They last met in 2010, a 78-64 Nevada win.
Teams are allowed two exhibition games per season but Nevada opted to play a private scrimmage at Stanford in exchange for one of those games.
The Wolf Pack opens the regular season Nov. 11 at Saint Mary's, which is ranked in both major polls.
WOLF PACK BASKETBALL
Who: San Francisco State (0-0) at Nevada (0-0)
When: Friday, 7 p.m.
Where: Lawlor Events Center (capacity, 11,536)
TV/Radio: None
Online: None
Betting line: None
My Resource Grind Loadouts (Wyldbill)
My Full Loadout
My Warframe (Nekros)
My Warframe LFX (Augmented Nekros)
My Warframe End Game Grind (Hydroid w/ Pilfering Swarm)
My Primary (Soma)
I pick Nekros obviously for Desecrate, I set them up for Max Range and EffeciencySometimes things just keep shooting you, it happens and you tend to fall over and call for medic. This build is a slightly sturdier version of Nekros, sacrificing cast rate and some effeciency for survivability.Despoil allows for constant use of Desecrete EVEN if there is Leech Eximi in play, useful for infested maps while Soul Survivor is useful as you cannot stop for 5 seconds to pick someone up else you'd die, it allows for drive by revives on teammates.The survivability primarily comes from the extra health generated by Desecrete, you can replace equilibrium as I just tossed it in since I had extra space. Remember to use Terror, that is what the duration mods are for.Note: I actually like Equilibrium now, even with the low rank only giving maybe 8 energy/health per health/energy orb, if I am ever low on both at a time it stacks up and very quickly fills up both gauges. If it weren't for the fact that I bet Nekros Prime will be one of the next ones coming up, I'd forma them and get equilibrium higher.Sadly, Hydroid is more of a supplementary role to Nekros ever since they removed Power Strength from affecting Pilfering Swarm. Also, as Tentacle Swarm is recastable without waiting for its duration to wear off, you don't need to fret about avoiding duration mods (They help your Undertow ability so you might as well not worry too much about going negative). I still say a short range is key to getting the tentacles to hit where you aim so do your best to keep that down.I pick Soma because of its high Slash damage and fire rate. The Crit chance is just a bonus. When using it for resource grinds, shoot at enemies torso. If lucky, it will rip them in half allowing for you to desecrate both the upper and lower body. If it doesn't work on the first try, wait till the ragdoll is on the floor, then shoot it a few times, it should rip apart easily then.The rest of the loadout is up to you, I do suggest Carrier as your Companion purely for the Vacuum Preset.Any suggestions are welcome, as well as donations (Mostly Plat for Reactors and Catalysts as they are always helpful.
At October's Windows Phone 8 launch event, Microsoft's Joe Belfiore stood on stage and eagerly announced a laundry list of popular apps that were confirmed to be coming to the platform in the coming months. To the delight of many, Pandora was on the list -- and to top it all off, the music streaming service would come ad-free for the first year. The question then shifted to when it would actually make it to the Windows Phone Store, and we finally have an answer: today.
The free app will take advantage of a Live Tile in all three possible sizes, the two largest showing which song is currently playing, along with its album cover art. Pandora's arrival also marks another milestone: not only will it be available on Kids Corner, it's also the first app capable of automatically filtering out explicit content when the feature is activated. The service will only be available for Windows Phone 8 devices, but anyone accesses Pandora through alternate apps on Windows Phone 7.x can continue to do so.
Lost Squadron Of Pickled Spitfires Found
Aviation historians and warbird enthusiasts are drooling at the discovery of at least 12 and maybe as many 20 perfectly preserved brand-new Spitfire Mark 14s buried in Myanmar, which was formerly Burma. Thanks to the tenacity (and apparently considerable diplomatic skills) of British farmer David Cundall, the lost squadron of pristine fighters was found where they were buried by U.S. troops in 1945 when it became clear they wouldn't be needed in the final days of the Second World War. At least a dozen of the aircraft, one of the latest variants with their 2,035-horsepower Roll Royce Griffon engines replacing the 1,200-1,500-horsepower Merlins in earlier models, were buried without ever being removed from their original packing crates. It's possible another eight were also buried after the war ended. After spending 15 years and $200,000 of their own money, Cundall was rewarded with visual proof of the magnitude of their discovery. "We sent a borehole down and used a camera to look at the crates," they told the Telegraph. "They seemed to be in good condition."
The aircraft were declared surplus when they arrived in Burma because the Japanese were in retreat by then and carrier-based Seafires were getting all the action. They were ordered buried in their original crates, waxed, swaddled in grease paper and their joints tarred against the elements. Cundall found some of the soldiers who buried the planes by placing ads in magazines and was able to narrow down the search before using ground-penetrating radar to confirm the burial site. The next obstacles to recovery are political. Myanmar's former military junta was under a variety of sanctions, among them an international convention that prevented the transfer of military goods to and from the country. Recent political reforms have led to the lifting of that ban effective April 23. Cundall will also need the permission of the new Myanmar government to unearth the treasure. They helped their own cause by making numerous trips to the country and earning the trust of government officials. British Prime Minister David Cameron is expected to seal the deal with Myanmar President Thein Sein during a visit.
Loggerhead turtles blown off course rest easy in south-west WA sanctuary
Updated
A fresh batch of juvenile loggerhead turtles has been offered temporary lodgings in a Western Australian wildlife sanctuary after being blown off course by strong winds and large swells.
It is thought the turtles were travelling along WA's Leeuwin current, which runs north to south, and were pushed towards the coast long before their final destination.
Bunbury Dolphin Discovery Centre marine biologist Phil Coulthard said that while the find is not a first for the region, it serves a timely reminder of the life cycle of the ocean's living creatures and the importance of alerting authorities to such discoveries.
"The lucky ones are the ones that wash up on the beach and are found by beach walkers," Mr Coulthard said.
"Generally if they're not found they'll die, or get picked up by sharp-eyed predators."
Mr Coulthard said numbers of loggerhead turtles off WA's coast was "okay" compared to the east, however they are considered an endangered species.
"Exactly how many wash up on the beaches every year depends on a number of factors including how many are born in the north in the late summer or autumn," Mr Coulthard said.
"Their mums lay the eggs, they hatch then scurry down to the ocean as fast as they can and ride the currents from there. There could be tens, hundreds or thousands riding those currents."
Loggerhead turtles are thought to have a lifespan of between 47 to 67 years and can weigh anything up to 450 kilograms.
Mr Coulthard said although those found were often missing flippers or entangled in discarded fishing gear, they are nonetheless a "robust little critter" known to be "creatures of habit".
They said the turtles in the sanctuary will be fed, weighed and monitored before being released when they reached a stable condition and deemed fit enough to re-join the currents.
"It's still early in their cycle as far as their migration pattern goes," Mr Coulthard said.
"We've had four or five wash up so far, we could end up to 400 over the next few months.
"So it's really important beachgoers keep an eye out to make sure what they're looking at isn't a little baby turtle."
Topics: environment, animals-and-nature, animals, endangered-and-protected-species, reptiles, animal-science, bunbury-6230, wa
First posted
You have not shopped this item yet, shop it now.
Upload your order images to get 2 points & your order videos to get 4 points. Credits'll be added to your account automatically.
*Please enter the link to your YouTube video, if not, please upload your video first.
To gain 2 points by uploading your order images and 4 points by uploading video clips of your order, The credits will be funded to your account automatically.
The requirement for showing your order:
1. You need to place an order on OASAP first.
2. The photo must be about the products from your OASAP order.
3. The photo must relate to you personally, not others.
4. You can get credits one time only for a single product, even if you upload several different photos of the product. Where will Oasap display my photo?
Your photo with an Oasap item will be displayed at the product page of this item and your personal page in Your photo with an Oasap item will be displayed at the product page of this item and your personal page in PIN.OASAP.COM
The requirement for showing your video:
1. You need to place an order on OASAP first.
2. The video must be about the products from your OASAP order.
3. The video must relate to you personally, not others.
4. You can get credits one time only for a single product, even if you upload several different videos of the product.
Where will Oasap display my video?
Your video will be displayed at the product page of this item.
MUMBAI: Russian state atomic energy corporation Rosatom opened a regional centre in Mumbai, which would coordinate the company's projects in India and Bangladesh.Rosatom are the makers of Kudankulam Nuclear Power in India. Unity 1 and 2 are complete, while the construction of 3rd and 4th unit is underway. The company hopes to get started with building the final two power units by end of this year.According to South Asia CEO Alexey Pimenov, the worldwide creation of regional centres' network was due to expansion of Rosatom's global presence and a long-term development strategy, according to which the purpose of the company for the next ten years was to increase the portfolio of foreign orders up to $150 billion.Similar regional centres of Rosatom had already been opened in Western Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, Central Asia, East and South-East Asia, the Middle East and North Africa.Andrei Zhiltov, consul general of the Russian Federation in Mumbai, said they hope to get a new plot of land to build a new nuclear project in one to two years."Indian market is booming and there is space for everyone. We would like to continue to build," said Zhiltov. "Serial production of units brings down cost as one does not have to move equipment and personnel. We don't want interruptions."
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
The Dress Shop on Cherry Tree Lane at Disney Springs is now officially open, and they've got everything a Disney fashion fan might desire. As promised, the shop offers a collection of stylish dresses and accessories inspired by classic characters and attractions, from Minnie Mouse to the Haunted Mansion.
WATCH:
Rock polka dots like Minnie Mouse:
Take the poisoned apple with Snow White:
Paint the roses AND town red with some Alice in Wonderland styles:
Wake the dead with this ensemble from the Haunted Mansion:
Wear tropical styles from the Enchanted Tiki Room:
Look like a Hollywood starlet from the Hollywood Tower Hotel:
Become a pirate queen from Pirates of the Caribbean:
You'll sing in this Orange Bird dress and hat:
Walk tall in this “it's a small world” dress:
Or put together your own ensemble with a variety of blouses, skirts and sundresses that give a nod to Dumbo, Mary Poppins, the Wicked Queen and Cinderella's Castle:
Most prices for the dresses hover between $100-$160. The skirts run for $98 while the price of the accessories varies greatly. The dresses are being sold exclusively at The Dress Shop for the time being, but in a few months select styles will become available online.
Volvo Car Group initiates world unique Swedish pilot project with self-driving cars on public roads
Volvo Cars will play a leading role in the world's first large-scale autonomous driving pilot project in which 100 self-driving Volvo cars will use public roads in everyday driving conditions around the Swedish city of Gothenburg.
The ground-breaking project ‘Drive Me – Self-driving cars for sustainable mobility' is a joint initiative between Volvo Car Group, the Swedish Transport Administration, the Swedish Transport Agency, Lindholmen Science Park and the City of Gothenburg.
The ‘Drive Me' project is endorsed by the Swedish Government. The aim is to pinpoint the societal benefits of autonomous driving and position Sweden and Volvo Cars as leaders in the development of future mobility.
“Autonomous vehicles are an integrated part of Volvo Cars' as well as the Swedish government's vision of zero traffic fatalities. This public pilot represents an important step towards this goal,” says Håkan Samuelsson, President and CEO of Volvo Car Group. “It will give us an insight into the technological challenges at the same time as we get valuable feedback from real customers driving on public roads.”
The pilot will involve self-driving cars using approximately 50 kilometres of selected roads in and around Gothenburg. These roads are typical commuter arteries and include motorway conditions and frequent queues.
“Our aim is for the car to be able to handle all possible traffic scenarios by itself, including leaving the traffic flow and finding a safe ‘harbour' if the driver for any reason is unable to regain control,” explains Erik Coelingh, Technical Specialist at Volvo Car Group.
Focus areas
The ‘Drive Me' project will focus on a number of areas, such as:
How autonomous vehicles bring societal and economic benefits by improving traffic efficiency, the traffic environment and road safety
Infrastructure requirements for autonomous driving
Typical traffic situations suitable for autonomous vehicles
Customers' confidence in autonomous vehicles
How surrounding drivers interact smoothly with a self-driving car
The project will commence in 2014 with customer research and technology development, as well as the development of a user interface and cloud functionality. The first cars are expected to be on the roads in Gothenburg by 2017.
Joining forces
Recognising that growing urbanisation continues to put pressure on transport systems in and around urban areas all over the world, ‘Drive Me' addresses the need to join forces in the quest to develop a sustainable society and mobility.
“The public pilot will provide us with a valuable insight into the societal benefits of making autonomous vehicles a natural part of the traffic environment. Smart vehicles are part of the solution, but a broad societal approach is also necessary to offer sustainable personal mobility in the future. We believe that this cross-functional co-operation can give this development a boost,” says Erik Coelingh.
Unique teamwork
“Sweden has developed unique co-operation between the authorities, the industry and the academic community. This has resulted in a world-leading position in traffic safety. Autonomous vehicles and a smarter infrastructure will bring us another step towards even safer traffic and an improved environment. It will also contribute to new jobs and new opportunities in Sweden,” says Catharina Elmsäter-Svärd, the Swedish Minister for Infrastructure.
Enriching city life
The ‘Drive Me' project will help define the role of self-driving vehicles in future city planning. By paving the way for more efficient land use they can contribute to reducing infrastructure investments. Self-driving vehicles can also enrich city life in other ways, such as by lowering emissions and thus improving air quality and traffic safety.
Making Gothenburg the arena for this unique public pilot is a strong demonstration of the city's aim to pioneer the development of efficient, clean and safe urban transportation systems.
Individual benefits
Autonomous driving will give significant consumer benefits. It will fundamentally change the way we look at driving cars. As a driver in the future, you will be able to plan your drive with a mix of autonomous and active driving, making your daily journey more efficient.
Autonomous driving will pave the way for more efficient time-management behind the wheel. You will be able to interact safely via phone or tablets or simply choose to relax.
“The self-driving technology used in the pilot allows you to hand over the driving to the car when the circumstances are appropriate,” says Håkan Samuelsson.
Prepared for autonomous drive
The vehicles in the pilot project are defined as Highly Autonomous Cars, according to the official definition by the Federal Highway Research Institute (BASt) in Germany. In practical terms this means that the responsibility is handed over to the vehicle, which can handle all driving functions at the driver's discretion. The driver is expected to be available for occasional control but with a sufficiently comfortable transition time.
The 100 Volvo cars driven by customers will be new models developed on the company's upcoming Scalable Product Architecture (SPA). The architecture is prepared for the continuous introduction of new support and safety systems all the way to technologies that enable highly autonomous drive. The first SPA model will be the all-new Volvo XC90, which will be introduced in 2014.
Autonomous parking included
The project also includes fully automated parking, without a driver in the car. This allows the driver to walk away from the car at the parking entrance while the vehicle finds a vacant spot and parks by itself.
“Our approach is based on the principle that autonomously driven cars must be able to move safely in environments with non-autonomous vehicles and unprotected road users,” says Erik Coelingh.
Note to editors: Additional video footage and imagery from today's press conference in Stockholm wil be published on the Global Newsroom later today.
Media contacts
Volvo Car Group Volvo Cars Media Relations Phone: +46 31-596525 media@volvocars.com
City of Gothenburg
Carin Malmberg
Phone: +46-31-368 05 33
E-mail: carin.malmberg@stadshuset.goteborg.se
Swedish Transport Administration
Monica Näslund
Phone: +46-70-724 55 75
E-mail: monica.naslund@trafikverket.se
Swedish Transport Agency
Henrik Olars
Phone: +46-10- 495 4042
E-mail: henrik.olars@transportstyrelsen.se
Lindholmen Science Park
Anita Bengtson
Phone: +46-703-950222
E-mail: anita.bengtson@lindholmen.se
Washington's Hau'oli Kikaha is a terror to opposing quarterbacks and a legitimate threat to become only the third player to record 20 sacks in a season since the NCAA started tracking them. Blocking them is a truly miserable proposition.
Poor guy. You got spun around and wound up on your ass watching everything disintegrate in front of you. You're like Bruce Wayne watching their parents get murdered except yeah, it's definitely your fault.
What is an offense supposed to do when facing Kikaha? We have a few helpful strategies.
1. Don't assume you can just block them with a single player, even a larger one. Kikaha's not huge at 6'3, 245, but he's really strong for their size, and their speed won't give a single blocker time to recover once they've lost him.
2. Consider reading him. A classic solution to the question of "what does one do with an unblockable player?" The answer: do not block him, and instead place them in option situations where they must decide between tackling two offensive players.
3. Avoid them altogether. Run away from their side of the line. Roll the quarterback out of the pocket and buy some distance. Kick a field goal on second down. They can't legally sack the holder.
4. Find them off the field, push a stack of hundreds into their hand, and film the entire ordeal. Send immediately to Pete Thamel or Darren Rovell for best results.
5. Line up a panda opposite him. Pandas are adorable and super cuddly and no way Kikaha risks the public backlash by pancaking a panda.
6. Kikaha has pancaked your panda. You're going to have a motherfucker of an apology to write to the People's Republic of China now. Sorry, Larry Scott.
7. Consider traffic humps. They slow traffic on residential streets well enough.
8. Steal their identity. Excuse me, Chris Petersen, but that man can't be Hau'oli Kikaha. I'M Hau'oli Kikaha! See, I have this out of state trucker's license to prove it!
9. Play on another field and do not tell him. (No one check in on Facebook! That's how he'll find you!)
10.
To determine the 50 best and 50 worst cities for driving, we first examined the top 500 cities with the highest number of registered vehicles. Looking then into the cities with the most available traffic data, we decided on this definitive list of 100 cities.
To make a comparable quantification of how good or bad each city is to drive, we made a three-step evaluation of the data. First, we ranked the raw data from highest to lowest value and then we awarded a standard score based on their ranking in the following manner:
A low score indicates poor driving quality for that category, with each increasing number indicating that the city is better to drive in. A score of 1 represents the worst conditions possible and 10 indicates the best. Secondly, all categories were given an overall percentage. To create a comprehensive ranking, the Final Score is a weighted average of each individual category, as follows:
Final Score (i) =30% Congestion (i) + 15% Offroad (i) + 10% Parking (i) + 15% Speed (i) + 5% Air (i)+
+5% Petrol (i) + 10% Traffic Deaths (i) + 5% Road Quality (i) + 5% Road Rage (i)
Finally, we standardized the data to have a true final score. Note that for the congestion level category we represent the actual % of congestion and for the price of gasoline and diesel we put the actual price.
The study examined several key factors in order to determine the quality of driving in the 100 cities: congestion level, public transport options, the cost of parking, the cost of petrol, air pollution, the average speed between the city centre and the international airport, road fatalities, road quality and road rage.
For the congestion level score, the data was provided primarily by the TomTom Traffic Index. For the cities not included in the TomTom index, data was provided by the city councils of the respective cities. Any traffic delays or congestion caused by temporary construction work was not taken into account for this study.
The public transport options score affects the quality of driving in a city, because if there are poor public transport alternatives then there is no other option than for people to drive their cars, leading to increased congestion, faster degradation of road quality and increased road rage. A lack of off-road alternatives also means that elderly drivers are forced to continue using their cars when it might no longer be safe, leading to more road accidents. The score was calculated based on the length of the rapid transit system and suburban railway network for each city, with more kilometres of metro rail per capita equating to a higher score. Information on the size of the networks was provided by the system operators.
The parking score was calculated based on the cost of parking for one hour. Information on parking was provided by the official parking authority of the city.
The average speed score was based on the average speed between the city centre and the international airport. The average speed was calculated for three times of the day (morning rush hour, midday and evening rush hour), and then the three scores were averaged for a final score.
The air pollution score was calculated based on data provided by the World Health Organisation's 2016 air quality in cities database.
The petrol price score was based on information from local stations taken on August 18th 2017.
The World Health Organisation's status report on road safety 2013 was used to calculate the road traffic injuries score for the cities.
The road quality score was based on the Travel & Tourism Competitiveness Report 2013 produced by the World Economic Forum, where citizens of each country were asked to assess the quality of the roads in their country. This is also a national score and does not account for minor differences between cities.
The road rage score was calculated based on the results of a poll conducted in each of the cities asking over 1000 drivers to rate their perception of road rage and the number of incidents witnessed in the past 12 months.
Pandora's Tower, the last of the big three Japanese action RPGs's, could be facing a small delay in North America. The game is supposed to be launching on Tuesday, March 26th, but an email to Amazon customers states that Pandora's Tower has been delayed by three weeks. Amazon says that customers can expect the game to be released between April 22, 2013 – April 26, 2013. The game is being published by XSEED in North America.
Hello, We have received new release date information related to your pre-ordered video game in the order you placed on January 19, 2013 (Order# XXXXXXXX). The release date for the video game listed below has been changed by the publisher, and we want to provide you with a new delivery estimate based on the new release date: “Pandora's Tower”
Estimated arrival date: April 22, 2013 – April 26, 2013
Thanks, Eric
I have a strong faith in God. I believe  They are our Creator, and made us in Their image. I pray for Their guidance and wisdom daily.
To say it is "foreign" to me to consider that not all people feel this way, is not a very broad-minded view, and is not realistic in today's world. I realize there are those who have never experienced or tried to understand the relationship between God and humankind. Without judgment, each person must decide where their faith is, or isn't.
However, it was not until the day at the luggage store that I was confronted with how to respond to someone who called themselves an atheist.
It was near Christmas time, and I, along with one of my teenage sons at the time, went to the local mall to find a present in the luggage store. My son wandered in the store looking at items, while I waited my turn in line to check out at the counter. When I reached the front, I saw an elderly fellow at the register, stooped as if they were burdened by life, and with no smile. They rang up the item, and I said to them "Thank you, Merry Christmas!"
They replied "I don't believe in Christmas. I'm an atheist."
It seemed like I was frozen standing there. I wasn't sure I heard them right, have never liked the word "atheist," and didn't know how to respond.
"You don't believe in Christmas?" I asked. "You don't believe there is a much higher power than mere humans, a Great Creator?"
"No" they said with a scowl on their face. They seemed so unhappy and burdened. My mind went blank, not knowing what to say at first. I seemed to stare at him, almost in disbelief. Then when I opened my mouth, out came:
"Well, can I ask you something?"
"What is it?" they asked, irritated.
"Have you ever pondered a bird?" I blurted.
"Pondered a what?" they asked.
"Pondered a bird? Have you ever really looked at a bird? Have you ever pondered a bird's heartbeat?"
To this day, I don't know how that question was formed, it seemed to simply pop out of my mouth. On reflection, I believe it was the Holy Spirit in action right then and there!
"No," they flatly stated.
"Well, will you do me a favor, do yourself a favor, and next time you are at a park, sit down on a bench, and wait until a bird perches nearby. Then take a close look, a really close look, and watch the bird's chest, where you see its heartbeat. Watch the bird's chest go in and out, breathing, and you can see its tiny heartbeat. Even if it's a tiny hummingbird," I said, "you can see its heartbeat beating up and down."
The man said nothing. Then they said, "So?"
I responded "When you gaze upon that bird's heartbeat, you will see how wonderful a creation there is, and I hope you will ponder that bird, along with Creation. Ponder the bird's heart beating, its beak, its feathers, its amazing beauty, and know that no human, no man or woman, could ever create such beauty. Only something much much bigger than ourselves could do that."
They said nothing.
"Will you do that? Will you ponder a bird next time you see one?" I almost pleaded.
"Ok" they said. "Ok, I will do that."
I felt elated. For some strange reason, I felt happy that this strange man with their downtrodden look would one day "ponder a bird." I imagined a whole new world opening up to him!
I thanked them and went to find my son in the store, and we left. On my way to the car, I told my son about the man and what took place. They listened and smiled. The parking lot was completely full when we came out and I couldn't find where I had parked. I said, "Well, let's hunt for the car; it's got to be here somewhere." At that moment, my son said, "Mom, look, it's right over there. It's the one with all the birds on top."
Sure enough, there were at least 20 birds covering the roof of my car. I looked around, and saw all the birds had gathered on our car, in a huge huddle on the roof, as if to send a message: "Share the story, share the joy and Merry Christmas!!"
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Donald Trump again praises the Russian president's leadership
Donald Trump has showered Vladimir Putin with praise as they and rival Hillary Clinton took pointed questions from military veterans.
The Republican presidential nominee told the forum the Russian president "has been a leader far more than our president [Obama] has been".
It came on the same day the chief of the Pentagon accused Russia of sowing the seeds of global instability.
Mrs Clinton, meanwhile, defended their judgment despite their email scandal.
The White House candidates appeared back to back on stage in half-hour segments at the Intrepid Air and Sea Museum in New York on Wednesday night.
Trump and Clinton quizzed - as it happened
Trump defends military sex assault tweet
Why Trump strikes a chord with Russians
Are there any Trump links to Putin?
Quizzed by NBC host Matt Lauer on their previous complimentary remarks about Mr Putin, Mr Trump responded: "He does have an 82% approval rating."
"I think when they call me brilliant I'll take the compliment, ok?" added the business person.
They said Mr Putin had "great control over their country".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Hillary Clinton admitted mistakes over their email account
Mr Trump also predicted that if elected in November, "I think that I'll be able to get along with him."
The property magnate recently drew sharp criticism when they urged Russia to dig up the emails that Mrs Clinton deleted from their email server.
'Unilluminating blather' - US media's initial response
Gabriel Debenedetti writes on the Politico website that neither candidate did much to advance their cause, with Hillary Clinton spending "a third of the time fending off questions about their emails" while "Donald Trump struggled to explain their secret plan to defeat the Islamic State."
Time agreed, citing "plenty of unilluminating blather spewed by both candidates". It said: "The most dispiriting thing was the grim view of the world the candidates gave Americans, with their relentless focus on fighting and terror... There was scant optimism."
One focus was on the performance of NBC moderator Matt Lauer. The New York Times pronounced that the "consensus afterwards was not kind". "Mr Lauer found themselves besieged... by critics of all political stripes, who accused the anchor of unfairness, sloppiness and even sexism in their handling of the event."
Lauer's main miss, it seemed, was not to press Donald Trump when they said they had not supported the war in Iraq. Vox was among those pointing to a 2002 Trump interview with radio host Howard Stern that contradicts this.
Forum moderator Lauer suffers backlash
It is not the first time Mr Trump has made admiring comments about the Russian leader.
Last December they said it was "a great honour" when Mr Putin called them "a talented person".
Mr Trump's latest remarks came hours after US Defence Secretary Ash Carter said Russia "has clear ambition to erode the principled international order".
In a speech at Oxford University, Mr Carter also appeared to allude to suspected Russian involvement in hacking of Democratic National Committee computers in the US.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Russia's most famous pop star explained why they back Trump
On Wednesday night, Mr Trump also courted controversy over sex abuse in the military.
They stood by a comment they made three years ago when they appeared to blame such assaults on the decision to allow women in the forces.
"It is a correct tweet," Mr Trump said of the 2013 Twitter post in which they remarked: "What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together?"
Uncomfortable moments - Anthony Zurcher, BBC News
The 30 minutes allotted to each candidate made the proceedings feel like the political equivalent of speed-dating.
And like speed-dating gone wrong, there was plenty of time for the participants to bury themselves with their words.
Mrs Clinton once again tripped up when discussing their use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Mr Trump found new and interesting ways to show their tenuous command of policy details and shower questionable praise on a US rival.
Read Anthony's analysis in full
Mrs Clinton, who appeared first on stage by virtue of a coin toss, found themselves once again on the defensive over their private email server.
A US naval flight officer told the former secretary of state they would have been jailed if they had handled classified information as they had done.
Image copyright Twitter
The Democratic nominee replied: "I did exactly what I should have done and I take it very seriously. Always have, always will."
The former secretary of state vowed to defeat the Islamic State group, though they emphasised: "We are not putting ground troops into Iraq ever again."
Mrs Clinton also said their 2002 Senate vote in favour of the Iraq War was "a mistake".
But they said it meant they were in "the best possible position" to ensure it never happened again.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Trump appeared impressed by Mr Putin's "82% approval rating"
Mrs Clinton also pointed out that Mr Trump had once supported the invasion.
However, in their comments Donald Trump said: "I was totally against the war in Iraq."
NBC moderator Matt Lauer came in for intense criticism after the debate for not pressing Mr Trump on the statement.
Unusually for a US presidential candidate, Mr Trump made unflattering remarks about America's military leaders.
They said the generals had been "reduced to rubble" during President Barack Obama's administration.
Mr Trump and Mrs Clinton's forum offered a preview of the questions they will face in their three forthcoming presidential debates.
The first will be at Hofstra University near New York on 26 September.
Following rumors that Microsoft was set to acquire Israel-based security company Secure Islands for $150 million, Microsoft has now confirmed the deal that will see Secure Islands' technology integrated into Microsoft's Azure Rights Management Service. Neither company has disclosed how much the deal is worth.
Today's news marks Microsoft's fourth Israeli acquisition of recent times, and two of these prior acquisitions also included cybersecurity startups. Microsoft snapped up Adallom for an undisclosed sum in September, and has also bought enterprise security startup Aorato, along with Equivio, and N-Trig.
Secure Islands' technology is already used by big-name companies including Credit Suisse, Vodafone, and UBS, and it's designed to protect data across nearly any file-type. Secure Islands and Microsoft have worked together for some time already through Microsoft's Azure Rights Management Service, and while this deal brings the two firms together, Secure Islands will continue to offer its existing services to other companies.
“When Yuval (cofounder Yuval Eldar) and I founded Secure Islands nine years ago, we shared one vision: to provide customers with the most efficient and reliable solution for information protection and control,” explained Secure Islands CEO Aki Eldar, in a statement.
“In those days, it was still a nascent market for technology like ours, but we knew the customer need was there. Together, with our team of “marathon runners,” we have been thrilled to see our solutions adopted by some of the most prestigious companies around the world.”
Eldar went on to explain the benefits of this deal, “By joining Microsoft, we will be able to extend and expand our vision. Microsoft has been a long time partner and its leadership in enterprise IT, its resources and global reach will help us innovate and deliver new information protection capabilities to both our current and new customer base.”
Microsoft has been pushing its cloud credentials of late, and chief executive Satya Nadella announced back in June that creating “the intelligent cloud platform” would be one of three key investment areas moving forward. And acquisitions are proving pivotal to this new direction.
The cloud is clearly a big focus for this latest acquisition, with Microsoft able to offer its own customers better data-protection services across Azure and Office 365, though it can also work with on-site storage systems.
Start 'Em & Sit 'Em is the ultimate look at the weekly NFL matchups and how they'll affect your fantasy football team. All starts and sits are based on standard scoring leagues. Obvious fantasy starters like Aaron Rodgers and Adrian Peterson will not be featured. For your final lineup decisions, check our lineup rankings.
Select An Option... Quarterbacks Running Backs Wide Receivers Tight Ends Defense Kickers
Byes: Browns, Giants, Saints, Steelers
Start 'Em vs. Start of the Week - Mike Evans vs. Philadelphia Eagles Evans has had their troubles with dropping passes this season, but that hasn't kept them from posting consecutive 100-yard performances. Fantasy fans should expect them to produce another nice stat line in Week 10, as Evans faces an Eagles defense that has allowed an average of 27.73 fantasy points per game to opposing wide receivers. vs. Allen Robinson vs. Tennessee Titans Robinson has emerged into a legitimate No. 1 fantasy wideout this season, scoring 11-plus fantasy points in each of their last five games. The Penn State product has a great matchup coming up on Thursday night too, as he'll face a Titans defense that has surrendered an average of over 23 fantasy points per game to wideouts since Week 7. vs. Jarvis Landry vs. Dallas Cowboys A PPR asset for fantasy fans, Landry has scored no fewer than 13.1 points in such formats since Week 6. The talented wideout should remain on the positive side of the stat lines against the Cowboys, who have surrendered the third-most catches, the most yardage and are tied for the third-most touchdowns to No. 1 wide receivers. vs. Sammy Watkins vs. New England Patriots Watkins, listed as a sit 'em last week, failed to produce much in the stat sheets while stranded on Revis Island. I do expect them to rebound against the Patriots, though. New England has allowed the fifth-most fantasy points to wide receivers this season, including 12 points to Watkins back in Week 2. Consider them a viable No. 2 option. vs. Steve Johnson vs. Kansas City Chiefs Johnson's value is on the rise in the absence of Keenan Allen (and maybe Malcom Floyd), making them an attractive option for fantasy fans in a home game versus the Chiefs. While their defense has been more effective in recent weeks, Kansas City has still surrendered the second-most fantasy points to wide receivers (30.56 PPG). Good matchups: Amari Cooper at Lions, Brandon LaFell vs. Bills (MNF), Tavon Austin at Ravens
Sit 'Em vs. Sit of the Week - Randall Cobb vs. Minnesota Vikings It's tough to sit Cobb, but take a look at their level of production this season. He's scored more than five fantasy points once in their last six games, and their upcoming matchup against the Vikings isn't at all favorable. In fact, Cobb has averaged a mere 39.4 yards and scored just one touchdown in five career contests against Minnesota. vs. Jeremy Maclin vs. San Diego Chargers Like Cobb, Maclin has under performed for fantasy fans in 2015. He's scored double-digit points in just two of their eight games, and has averaged fewer than six fantasy points in their last three contests. If that weren't enough to keep them on the bench, also consider that San Diego has allowed the eighth-fewest fantasy points to wideouts. vs. T.Y. Hilton vs. Atlanta Falcons Hilton hasn't been the most reliable fantasy wideout this season, scoring fewer than nine points in six of their first nine games. This week they face the Falcons, who have surrendered the fourth-fewest fantasy points to wide receivers (14.94 PPG). Hilton will also have to take the field without Andrew Luck, who is out with a lacerated kidney. vs. Jordan Matthews vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers Matthews has failed to meet fantasy owners' expectations this season, scoring five or fewer fantasy points in six of their last seven games. He's also been unable to exploit good matchups, so even a game against the Buccaneers questionable pass defense isn't enough to move them from a bench spot and into the starting lineup this weekend. vs. DeSean Jackson vs. Carolina Panthers How bad have things become for Jackson this season? Kirk Cousins threw for 324 yards and four touchdowns in last week's win over the Saints, and Jackson scored a mere 4.4 fantasy points. He's unlikely to see an improvement this week against Carolina and Josh Norman, who has emerged into one of the NFL's elite cover cornerbacks. Bad matchups: John Brown vs. Bengals, Kamar Aiken vs. Rams, Anquan Boldin at Seahawks
In the latest episode of the NFL Fantasy LIVE podcast the gang discusses Week 11 waiver targets, and several big-namefantasy offenses that might be in trouble. Don't forget to subscribe and listen in HERE!
Michael Fabiano is an award-winning fantasy football analyst on NFL.com and NFL Network and a member of the Fantasy Sports Writers Association (FSWA) Hall of Fame. Have a burning question on anything fantasy related? Tweet it to @Michael_Fabiano or send a question via Facebook!
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – A group of Argentian beach goers ended up killing a young dolphin after they pulled it from the water, and then passed it around, so they could take selfies with it.
It happened at the beach resort of Santa Teresita, according to Sky News.
The dolphin was of the Franciscana variety, which is found off the coasts of Argentina and Brazil. They are considered “vulnerable” because there are only about 30,000 left in the wild.
After the dolphin overheated and died, it was continued to be passed around until it was ultimately discarded in the sand
The Argentine Wildlife Foundation cautioned the public about pulling a stunt like this again.
“The Franciscana, like other species, cannot remain for much time outside of the water, it has thick fatty skin which gives it heat and means that taking it out of the water rapidly causes it to dehydrate and die,” it said in a statement. “It is fundamental that people help to rescue these animals, because every Franciscana counts now.”
One of the largest toy chains in America and the world has just unveiled their plans for Force Friday. Click ahead to read a summary of what they have planned.
An excerpt of the press release reads as follows:
TOYS“R”US® TO LAUNCH NEW STAR WARS™ SAGA PRODUCTS WITH MIDNIGHT OPENING EVENTS WORLDWIDE The Next Chapter of the Legendary Franchise Begins at Toys“R”Us Stores Across the Globe on Force Friday, September 4 at 12:01am as Fans Get First Access to New Toys, Exclusive Giveaways and More Company's International Flagship Store in Times Square to Host Historic Star Wars Toy Exhibition and Ultimate Midnight Opening Celebration “Since the introduction of the first Star Wars toy in 1977, Toys“R”Us has served as the ultimate destination for Star Wars playthings, providing millions of kids and collectors worldwide with their most beloved memorabilia,” said Richard Barry, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Merchandising Officer, Toys“R”Us, Inc. “Since then, Star Wars has become a time-honored franchise with loyal fan interest, making it a perennial, top-selling licensed property. With the upcoming introduction of the new Star Wars toy line, we're excited to welcome the next generation of fans into our stores around the world with exclusive products, special events, feature shops and giveaways.” With operations in 38 countries, Toys“R”Us is leveraging its global footprint and position as the toy authority to provide an unprecedented Star Wars experience worldwide. On Force Friday, September 4, Toys“R”Us locations in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Japan, Poland, Portugal, Spain and the U.K, will open at 12:01am to welcome eager shoppers. The first customers to line up for the big product debut will receive Star Wars giveaways, including an exclusive poster, as well as the chance to be among the first to purchase exclusive Star Wars merchandise in dedicated front-of-store feature shops.
The main pieces of information covered by the press release include the following:
An exhibition of Star Wars toys throughout the years in the flagship store in Times Square; the event at the location – called Destination: Star Wars – will also have special activities for kids well before midnight.
Exclusive posters for people who arrive on a first-come, first-serve basis.
Kids and their families attending may also receive special giveaway items.
Pre-orders for Star Wars Battlefront and Disney Infinity 3.0 will now be available.
These events are expected to be packed, so arriving in advance is probably paramount if you plan on getting a lot of toys. I still think it's impressive that Disney, Lucasfilm, and the various toy companies have managed to keep absolutely quiet about these for so long! It's likely that they'll fully unveil the toys at D23 in a little over a week – and with the event occurring in a month, the wait is nearly over.
Stay tuned to Star Wars 7 News for more information on The Force Awakens and all things Star Wars as we approach the release of the film.
In the aftermath of last year's bombings at the Boston Marathon, Glenn Beck publicly and vocally accused Abdul Rahman Ali Alharbi, a 20-year-old Saudi Arabian student who was injured at the marathon, of funding and participating in the attacks. That turned out to be very much untrue. Now, nearly a year after the bombing, Alharbi is suing the radio host and their parent companies for defamation.
A week after the marathon Beck told their audience that they were absolutely certain that Alharbi was behind the attacks, and refused to relent even after FBI officials investigated Alharbi and declared them innocent. According to the complaint, Beck “repeatedly questioned the motives of federal officials in failing to pursue or detain Alharbi and repeatedly suggested that Alharbi had engaged in wrongful and criminal activity…but was being protected by the wrongful acts of others covering up those crimes on their behalf.”
As a result, due to Beck's actions, the complaint claims that Alharbi's reputation has been severely damaged, and they receive “numerous messages, internet postings, and communications” accusing them of being a “murderer, child killer, and terrorist.”
It should be noted that Beck made their claims about Alharbi long after after the Boston police publicly identified the men involved in the bombing and arrested one.
Alharbi is seeking punitive damages for defamation.
[h/t Boston Magazine]
— —
>> Follow Tina Nguyen (@Tina_Nguyen) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
A Future Led by Bitcoin Unlimited is a Centralized Future
David Vorick Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 23, 2016
Bitcoin Unlimited is a Bitcoin full node implementation that allows each node to select their own block size limit. The claim and allure is that with Bitcoin Unlimited, you have the power to vote with your full node and with your economic power for what the block size should be. If a node picks a block size that is too small, they will be forked off of the network because they will not be following the longest chain. If a miner picks a block size that is too large, the block will be ignored because not enough full nodes will see it and accept it. The market gets to decide which block size is best, and thus we can resolve the block size debate by leveraging the power of the free market.
As a practical idea, this has a lot of problems with it. When part of the community decides it's time to raise the block size, the miners are the only ones who are able to reliably signal that they are ready for a change, because they are the only entity in the ecosystem that has protection against Sybil attacks. But lets assume that there's some practical way to figure out when the economic majority is ready for a change.
So, now we have to understand what counts as an economic majority. During a contentious fork, you get two chains. In a really bad fork, you might get more than two, and there might not be any clear winner. Ethereum and Ethereum Classic are a great example of what happens during a contentious hardfork. The community splits, and in the case of Ethereum the economic and political majority clearly favored the hardfork, with a economic and political minority preferring Ethereum Classic. Any block size adjustment within Bitcoin Unlimited is likely to have the same outcome.
In Ethereum, the exchanges, the services, the websites, and the developers all followed the hard fork. Individuals tend to trust the developers heavily in the Ethereum ecosystem, and most of the individuals followed the developers during the hardfork. In Bitcoin Unlimited, you'd likely have something very similar. Lite nodes would likely not detect the hardfork, so you get all of them automatically. If you can also convince the exchanges and merchant service providers (like BitGo) to switch over, and then you get a majority of the hashrate, you're going to have the economic majority. And that's a problem for decentralization, because it basically means that you can win the economic majority by winning all the centralized services who stand to make a ton of money. You get a picture that's perhaps reminiscent of this:
Bitcoin's reality today is that the economic majority relies on centralized services. If you can get agreement from the 2–3 largest miners, the 2–3 largest exchanges, and the 2–3 largest payment processors (like BitGo), you're going to cover substantially more than a majority of the Bitcoin users in the ecosystem. It means that if you are letting the economic majority do the voting, full nodes don't really mean anything. Your full node only counts if it's powering thousands of wallets doing millions of dollars in daily transactions. You give up control to the centralized few.
But that's not the bad part. The bad part is that when these centralized players decide to raise the block size, they raise the requirements for participating in the ecosystem. So now you go from being able to run a full node that represents practically no economic power, to not even being able to run a full node, which means you have to trust one of the centralized services that can. But that's still not the bad part.
A time is going to come when Bitcoin is going to want even more scale. So the economic majority begins voting on what the new block size should be. Only this time, all that remains are the centralized services. And most of them can handle the new increase, but at this point the scale is large enough that some of the smaller centralized players can't keep up. Because the new block size requires a small data center to keep up with, and you just can't afford that if you only have 100,000 users. But these smaller players don't make up the economic majority, and they would if you could include the full nodes from before, but those full nodes are long gone, eliminated in previous block size increases. And Coinbase really wants this upgrade, is really pushing for this upgrade, and the rest of the economic majority agrees it's a good idea. They are the ones with the power, so without consent of the users of the ecosystem they decide to increase the block size and increase the scale of Bitcoin. And they push out their smaller competitors.
See where this is headed? Not only have the everyday users completely lost control of Bitcoin, not only is Bitcoin controlled by a small number of centralized players, but the number of centralized players in control is shrinking, because every time scale becomes an issue, the biggest players are able to push through scale as the economic majority, and the next round of the smallest players is eliminated. Soon, you've only got 2 or 3 centralized entities left who are capable of keeping up with Bitcoin's scale, and everyone else is left trusting them. And 2–3 massive entities are much easier for governments to regulate and manipulate, and Bitcoin now resembles a modern bank, except for having unique roots.
The crux of the problem with Bitcoin Unlimited is that the economic majority is making the decisions, including the decision of who gets to be a part of the economic majority (by increasing the cost of participation). Those in power can use that ability to bring more power towards themselves by making the system too expensive for the less powerful to participate. This is a massive centralization pressure, and would be a disaster for any cryptocurrency with decentralization as a goal.
If you like decentralization, you should dislike Bitcoin Unlimited. I feel it necessary to say that Bitcoin Unlimited has many problems besides the one I described here, but this one is the most significant and most unresolvable. If you want to scale decentralized cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin Unlimited is not the right solution.
Absintheuse
Administrator
Posts: 346
11/3/2017 Play a game of strategy with an exiled Princess, as they plot to reconquer their lost throne. Will you encourage them to bloody invasion? Or popular rebellion?
The Season of Sceptres has finished. If you played Trial and Error, The Stone Guest and The Sinking Synod, you will have gained an item unique to each tale. You can trade in these items to unlock a short tale suffused with lore and adorned with an alluring reward.
This option opens today, and will remain permanently, so there is no need to trade in your items by any deadline.
The story can be found via The Season of Sceptres: The Game is Afoot
edited by Absintheuse on 11/3/2017
Mr Sables
Posts: 597
11/3/2017 I was extremely disappointed by that story.
The topic I found flat and the character also flat, although I did enjoy the unique mechanics of the game (just a shame it felt like my choices had zero impact and absolutely no impact on the final results). I am grateful for the final item, but it would have been easier just to be handed it and waved off. I hope other people find more enjoyment from this one than myself, but I do still look forward to the next trade-in.
0 links
John Moose
Posts: 276
11/3/2017 Oh this was really nice. I really felt like I was planning some big military tactic, and I put lots of thought to every click, much moreso than in most turn-ins where, if I recall correctly, you're usually just a passive observer until a choice right at the end. Also, Vesture sounds magical, spiders are friends, and this has rekindled my old flame for the Elder Continent. Now excuse me, as I go prepare my armies to storm Nidah. FOR ETERNITY!
thessilian
Posts: 5
11/3/2017 Is some text missing to the opening storylet? The last line is - On the board . - and it looks like there should be something between the space and full stop?
edited by thessilian on 11/3/2017
--
http://www.fallenlondon.com/Profile/Georgina Kamsika
sekar
Posts: 18
11/3/2017 This season's stories aren't particularly exciting, but I'm always grateful for more details on the systems and bureaucracies of Fallen London, as it gives more foundation for fan content. And more Elder Continent stories!!!! Yay for Presbyterate content!! The possibility of my main later joining the Injurious Princess in retaking their land and then marrying them actually made me squeal in delight for a few seconds because it's like the stuff of fairytales >////////<
--
Main:
Sekar, a Rambunctious Socialist with an unhealthy inclination towards a particularly combustible language.
Other characters:
The Reluctant Oneironaut : Spends the better part of their days sleeping while their daughters study them in their dreaming-state.
The Uproarious Mechanic : A new challenger to the drinking champions of the Blind Helmsman.
The Eloquent Chromatomancer : Young enough to be an urchin, yet too clean to pass as one.
babelfishwars
Administrator
Posts: 1124
11/3/2017 thessilian wrote:
Is some text missing to the opening storylet? The last line is - On the board . - and it looks like there should be something between the space and full stop?
edited by thessilian on 11/3/2017
Fixed, sorry. Not text missing, bonus text! :p
--
Mars, God of Fish; Leaning Tower of Fish
Cthonius
Posts: 362
11/3/2017 I liked the game and its mechanics, but couldn't bring myself to play another round as I was content with my first choices. Loved the art for the Injurious Princess. Enjoyed extra lore on the Presbyterate and its kingdoms. All in all had fun with this seasonal conclusion, though it felt lighter in content overall.
--
Cthonius, gone North. Gone.
Oneiropompus, a Scarlet Saint, eager to help make your dreams realities. Accepting all social requests for now.
Estelle Knoht
Posts: 1751
11/3/2017 I am not quite used to the the seasonal epilogue coming in so fast! I am pretty used to waiting for the conclusion after finishing the season, but I am not going to complain.
--
Estelle Knoht, a juvenile, unreliable and respectable lady.
I currently do not accept any catbox, cider, suppers, calling cards or proteges.
Anchovies
Posts: 421
11/3/2017 The descriptive writing here is beautiful. Superb. Sublime. I can see the board, its pieces, the threads between. The map, in a style not unlike Tolkien's, unfolds before me. I really do mean it; the mental imagery this story evokes is clear and cohesive. The Princess's description of the passage south to Vesture stood out especially. I've already played Flint, and so the names were familiar; that foreknowledge added a lot of depth to the game, and learning a bit about where the northern kingdoms all fit on a map has added a lot of life to that background knowledge from Flint. Maybe the Princess could be convinced to allow a copy of the board be made before their departure. The Dilmun Club would be very interested...
"Kingdoms of dust" (result text for confining the cousin to a fading palace) contained two typos. End of the first paragraph, "medicority". End of the second paragraph, "it's life ends".
Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna queue up some epic metal, play through the game again to see the other choices, and then once more to make the proper RP decisions. Invading the Presbyterate is fun.
edit: I want these dice. Failbetter, consider making these dice.
edited by Anchovies on 11/3/2017
edit 2:
Loyalists divert the Venom Canals into the Vespertine Excuse me? Venom canals?
edited by Anchovies on 11/3/2017
--
Perhaps our role on this planet is not to worship God — but to create Him.
—Sir Arthur C Clarke
Lionel Anchovies. Character on indefinite hiatus.
menaulon
Posts: 94
11/3/2017 This was super enthralling! I really enjoyed planning a campaign and learning about the Presbyrate, especially the little details. Makes me excited to visit Presbyterate, although not to live there.
The Injurious Princess wrote:
Here are the towers of Befari and Conei-Samanti, which watch for invasion from the north, and guard the woods for when the spiders try to flee our realm. Vesture does like its spiders, but not all spiders seem to enjoy being in Vesture.
--
Menaulon
Open to social actions, but would prefer to be betrayed in the search for Photographer.
Cthonius
Posts: 362
11/3/2017 I realize now we've never asked something, never considered it a question...where the heck does the humans of the Presbyterate even come from? Like were there humans before the first city fell, just chilling with Stone? How? Are they refugees of the First City?
--
Cthonius, gone North. Gone.
Oneiropompus, a Scarlet Saint, eager to help make your dreams realities. Accepting all social requests for now.
Catherine Raymond
Posts: 2211
11/3/2017 It was nice to have the opportunity to experience the other possible choices before deciding. I played through two alternatives before going with my original set of decisions--the non-violent ones. [spoiler] (i.e., coming to Vesture by stealth, instigating a popular uprising, imprisoning the treacherous Regent). The reward was a Starstone Demark. I do regret declining the war chariot, but I didn't think bloodshed was the right answer to the Princess's situation. [/spoiler]
edited by cathyr19355 on 11/3/2017
edited by cathyr19355 on 11/3/2017
--
Cathy Raymond
http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/cathyr19355
Catherine Raymond aka Mrs. Rykar Malkus http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/Catherine%20Raymond (Gone NORTH)
0 links
Catherine Raymond
Posts: 2211
11/3/2017 [spoiler] Speaking of the war chariot, did anyone actually get one? If so, what are its stats? [/spoiler]
edited by cathyr19355 on 11/3/2017
--
Cathy Raymond
http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/cathyr19355
Catherine Raymond aka Mrs. Rykar Malkus http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/Catherine%20Raymond (Gone NORTH)
0 links
halogenlamp
Posts: 8
11/3/2017 Catherine Raymond wrote:
[spoiler]I do regret declining the war chariot, but I didn't think bloodshed was the right answer to the Princess's situation.
[/spoiler]
[spoiler]There was a war chariot? How would you get that?[/spoiler]
edited by halogenlamp on 11/3/2017
edited by halogenlamp on 11/3/2017
edited by halogenlamp on 11/3/2017
edited by halogenlamp on 11/3/2017
--
http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/Franklin~Bancroft
0 links
menaulon
Posts: 94
11/3/2017 halogenlamp wrote:
[spoiler]There was a war chariot? How would you get that?[/spoiler]
I don't believe it is actually obtainable. It is just a figure on the board and the Princess will need the board in the future.
--
Menaulon
Open to social actions, but would prefer to be betrayed in the search for Photographer.
0 links
Anchovies
Posts: 421
11/3/2017 Cthonius wrote:
I realize now we've never asked something, never considered it a question...where the heck does the humans of the Presbyterate even come from? Like were there humans before the first city fell, just chilling with Stone? How? Are they refugees of the First City?
--
Perhaps our role on this planet is not to worship God — but to create Him.
—Sir Arthur C Clarke
Lionel Anchovies. Character on indefinite hiatus.
0 links
HarperMargrave
Posts: 19
11/4/2017 Chiming in to say that while the stories of this season were a little hit-or-miss for me, I really enjoyed the wrap-up! Clear and satisfying options as part of an intriguing scenario, excellent text and descriptions of some really interesting kingdoms (it somewhat felt like going through a bloody travelogue, which was fun!), and having the option to go through the game multiple times was nice.
And I'll second/Nth wanting to know more about the history of the Presbyterate...
--
http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/Harper%20Margrave
Open to many social actions; please no Photographers, Loitering, or cats in boxes.
An investigative sort with a flair for danger and a dark, vengeful streak.
http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/Bram%20Serranian
A skulker, cunning and guileful, seeking knowledge of that best left forgotten.
ExceptionallyDelicious
Posts: 188
11/4/2017 Phenomenal wrap-up. This is honestly stellar. I've dumped two full candles into replaying and plan on doing more tomorrow. I have a doc where I've tried to connect how the choices affect each other and will be replaying until I've done every possible combination or have a result where everything goes right. Really just a bang-up job all around.
--
Any and all social actions are appreciated, and most will be reciprocated.
DavidJ, a self reflection (main): http://fallenlondon.com/Profile/DavidJ
Damien Erebus, a broken man and aspiring spymaster: http://fallenlondon.com/Profile/Damien%20Erebus
Catherine Raymond
Posts: 2211
11/4/2017 menaulon wrote:
halogenlamp wrote:
[spoiler]There was a war chariot? How would you get that?[/spoiler]
I don't believe it is actually obtainable. It is just a figure on the board and the Princess will need the board in the future.
How sad! I would like to know what reward corresponded to the violent option, then.
--
Cathy Raymond
http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/cathyr19355
Catherine Raymond aka Mrs. Rykar Malkus http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/Profile/Catherine%20Raymond (Gone NORTH)
