Story highlights A Republican senator is drafting legislation to allow Congress to vote on negotiations with Iran
The White House sent a letter saying it would further threaten talks over Tehran's nuclear program
Washington (CNN) In a strongly worded letter, the White House Saturday told Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker (R-TN) a bill they are drafting would likely have a "profoundly negative impact" on the ongoing negotiations between the U.S. and Iran over Tehran's nuclear program.
Corker is working on legislation that would force the Obama Administration to submit any deal reached with Iran for a vote by Congress. The White House earlier threatened to veto such a measure.
JUST WATCHED Sen. Sanders: GOP letter may help seal deal with Iran Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sen. Sanders: GOP letter may help seal deal with Iran 01:08
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, in the three page letter released publicly Saturday evening, told Corker their legislation could be detrimental to the talks with Iran by "emboldening Iranian hard-liners, inviting a counter-productive response from the Iranian majiles (Majles, the Parliament); differentiating the U.S. position from our allies in the negotiations; and once again calling into question our ability to negotiate this deal."
As the U.S. and Iran prepare for the next round of negotiations this coming week, there has been a growing debate between Republicans on Capitol Hill and the Obama Administration about how much authority Congress has regarding the fate of the agreement.
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough
"The legislation you have introduced in the Senate goes well beyond ensuring that Congress has a role to play in any deal with Iran. Instead, the legislation would potentially prevent any deal from succeeding by suggesting that Congress must vote to 'approve' any deal and by removing existing sanctions waiver authorities that have already been granted to the President," McDonough wrote.
Read More
As we see racism increasingly permeating social media, the carefully crafted public apology from a celebrity who has said or done or tweeted something racist, has practically become rote, and utterly useless.
Last week, James Bond author Anthony Horowitz issued an apology for saying that black British actor Idris Elba was “too street” to play 007 – albeit, of course, only after the Twitterati went nuts, the hashtag #TooStreet was created, and the requisite torrent of thinkpieces were written about the pervasive use of racial codespeak around the world. Horowitz explained themselves in a post on Twitter: “Clumsily, I chose the word ‘street' as Elba's gritty portrayal of DCI John Luther was in my mind but I admit it was a poor choice of word. I am mortified to have caused offence.”
Anthony Horowitz (@AnthonyHorowitz) I'm really sorry my comments about Idris Elba have caused offence [full statement attached] pic.twitter.com/UD6ouA45Uv
Their comments hit all the formulaic benchmarks of the modern apology for being, or saying something, racist in the media: abject self-deprecation, noted honorable intention, semi-plausible reasoning and questionable contrition. And then it's all good. But if all we needed were individual apologies – if you can even call them that – for the ongoing and widespread acts of micro- and macro-aggression racism, well.
This year alone has been full of examples. We started out with former E! correspondent Giuliana Rancic's casually offensive comment that Disney star Zendaya's dreadlocks that they donned on the Oscars red carpet evoked the smell of “patchouli oil or weed”. Rancic made their apology live on air before a rerun of the offending show: “I'd really like to address something that is weighing very heavily on my heart. I want to say to Zendaya that I am so sincerely sorry. I didn't intend to hurt anybody, but I've learned it's not my intent that matters. It's the result.” Heavy on their heart, check. Sincerely sorry, check. Good intentions, check. Contrition vis-a-vis enlightenment about the result mattering more than the intention, check.
Not long afterward, actor Ben Affleck issued their public apology on Facebook for trying to conceal their slave-owning ancestors from the PBS series Finding Your Roots: “I felt embarrassed. The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth … It's important to remember that this isn't a news program. Finding Your Roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family, making you quite vulnerable … I regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story.” But you know what? I'm Batman, so.
Over the summer, Paula Deen once again revealed themselves to be racially ignorant after their social media manager tweeted out a picture of Deen and their son posing as Lucy and Ricky Ricardo. Deen's son, Bobby, appears in brownface. Unlike that time they got caught using the N-word, for which they were sued and issued a relentless series of self-serving public apologies, this time they just had their publicist issue a statement on their behalf: “Paula immediately had this picture taken down as soon as they saw the post and apologizes to all who were offended.” Because honestly, she's probably too busy preparing for their guest stint on Dancing with the Stars, which cast them two months after this incident occurred.
Fresh off the heels of Deen's apology came Kelly Osbourne's public statement in August after they said on The View: “If you kick every Latino out of this country, then who is going to be cleaning your toilet, Donald Trump?” Osbourne, who openly criticized Rancic for their earlier remarks about Zendaya (pot, kettle, black), took their apology to Instagram: “I want to start by saying I ALWAYS take responsibility for my actions. In this particular case I will take responsibility for my poor choice of words but I will not apologize for being a racist as I am NOT. I whole-hearted fucked up today. I don't want to bullshit anyone with lame excuses.” What is especially striking about Osbourne's apology, though, is that in their self-assured effort to make clear who or what they really are (not a racist), they double down on what their initial comment implies – that while they may not be a racist, they clearly do not understand that systemic racism goes a whole lot deeper than a “poor choice of words”.
The truth is, most white people don't understand this – certainly, I would argue, most white celebrities. These are people who live in a magic bubble of protected privilege with malleable rules and realities, where racial justice is a priority only when the time is right. This message is far louder than the canned public apology that serves little more than self-prescribed absolution. But until white celebrities shift racial justice to the forefront of their priorities, and fully understand the stunning impact of their ignorance, an apology means nothing beyond: we may unwittingly perpetuate racism, but … wait for it … here's my apology.
Name: Peter Holland
Age: 24 years old
Height: 6'02
Weight: 194 lbs
Experience: 4th Pro Season
Cap Hit: $775,000
Stats: 59GP, 11G, 12A, 29PIM, -1
See below for all advanced stats formulas. It helps!
Corsi Relative: -3.3
– A Corsi relative score of -3.3 indicates that the Toronto Maple Leafs get 3.3 Fewer shot attempts than their opponents when they are on the ice (60 minute measurement) as opposed to when they are off the ice.
– This number ranks Peter Holland second last among Maple Leafs centerman and given that they are facing the oppositions third line it would lead us to believe that Holland is best suited against bottom six competition but unlikely to be able to slide onto the second line and provide efficient minutes.
PDO: 1020
– The average PDO for an NHL player should hover somewhere around 1000 (or 100%).
– This metric is derived from the fact that the on-ice shooting percentage of your team, added to the sv% of the opposing goalie, should equal to 1.000 (.920 sv% + 0.08 sh%).
– Peter Holland's even-strength shooting percentage is sitting at 10.21% for the season, while their on ice save % is .918. Holland is benefiting from inflated numbers on both metrics (relative to the league average) indicating that their +/- is likely to regress if they continue to play this way.
Relative Quality of Competition: 0.002
– Peter Holland has the second lowest QoC Rel among Maple Leafs centerman, indicating that they are playing against the opposing teams third line. Not much to read into here given that Holland will always be playing behind Bozak and Kadri and likely will remain there for the foreseeable future.
– The takeaway from this is the same as we saw in our Corsi Rel analysis, Holland is best suited to play against bottom six players. If they were to be slotted in against the oppositions top six forwards their possession would get worse and they would be exposed even further.
– It should be noted that despite the fact that their possession is lower than desired, Holland is only a -1 on the season, while Leafs are a paltry -47 for the year, so while they may not be possessing the puck their line is at least keeping it out of their net (Note: This is a house of cards, if you continue to be out-possessed by the opposition, the goals against will come).
On/Off Ice +/-: 0.20
On Ice +/- per 60 Minutes: 0.09
Off Ice +/- per 60 Minutes: -0.11
– The Toronto Maple Leafs even strength +/- improved by 0.20 goals per 60 minutes when Peter Holland was on the ice as opposed to when they were not.
– This statistic is a bit mis-leading, as we have already seen that Holland's PDO is boosting both their offensive and defensive numbers right now. While their PDO isn't high enough to indicate that Holland's +/- will fall of a cliff, it should be noted as a point of concern going forward,
Face-Off Zone Starts:
Offensive Zone Start: 38.1% of the time. (Finishes there 47.6%)
– Peter Holland is used primarily in defensive zone face-off situations. This is an odd deployment given that Holland only has a 44.8% face-off winning percentage.
– Given that Holland ranks last among Maple Leafs centerman (in this category) this is absolutely baffling usage on the parts of Carlyle/Horachek. Possession is king in the new world,
you should deploy your best face-off man in defensive zone scenarios to secure the puck and move it out of your zone.
Top Linemate: Jake Gardiner
– This represents the second time in a row that a forward has played the majority of their minutes with a defenceman. Holland and Gardiner are deployed together 37% of the time when Toronto is at even strength.
– Diving a bit deeper into the analysis we see that Holland played with David Clarkson 36.6% of the time this season, which would have made Clarkson their top linemate pre-trade. This couldn't have helped Holland's overall statistics in any of the metrics measured above.
NEW: Relative Performance Analysis
– A new feature in the advanced stats series will be analyzing the performance of a player relative to their peers at their position. The chart below provides ice-time, goals, assists, possession and more, relative to the other NHL players.
– Holland's tableau is consistent with what we have seen in the analysis above.  They are deployed as a bottom six forward, has slightly higher than average goal totals and their possession numbers are on-par or slightly below the position they have been slotted into.
– Holland does not appear to be able to handle better competition so their future appears to be in a 3rd/4th line role. Their face-off percentage and possession will both need to improve relatively quickly if they want to be effective in this role.
Conclusion:
– Peter Holland, in their 4th NHL season, appears to be settling into the role of a bottom six players with the ability to chip in some offence.
– Their +/- is currently being buoyed up by a high 5 on 5 shooting and save percentage, indicating that their -1 is benefiting from some puck luck and likely to regress.
– Holland appears unlikely to be able to become a top 6 players but with some improvement to their face-off % and a bit more focus on getting pucks to the net in the offensive zone, they could mature into a solid two-way centerman, occupying your third line.
FUTURE: Should remain with the Leafs through a portion of the rebuild but unlikely to be considered a required piece of the core group.
Stay tuned for the next installment of Maple Leafs Advanced Stats Analysis featuring Leafs forward Nazem Kadri.
– Brandon Finley
Don't forget to like the Leafs Diary on Facebook!
Thanks to Behind The Net for compiling the Advanced Stats.
Thank you to Own The Puck for the tableau visuals.
Legend:
Corsi Number = (Shots on Target For + Missed Shots For + Blocked Shots Against ) – (Shots on Target Against + Missed Shots Against + Blocked Shots For)
Corsi Relative = (Corsi Number of Player X) – (Corsi of Team with player X not on the ice)
On/Off Ice +/- = (On Ice +/- per 60 minutes) – (Off Ice +/- per 60 minutes)
Corsi Relative QoC = The weighted relative corsi of a player's opposition
Advertisements
SEATTLE — Surrounded by thousands of packages of marijuana, Seattle's top prosecutor sought some advice: Which one should they buy?
A new day, indeed.
Twenty months after voters legalized recreational cannabis for adults over 21, Washington state's first few licensed pot shops opened for business Tuesday, catering to hundreds of customers who lined up outside, thrilled to be part of the historic moment.
The pot being sold at four stores in Seattle, Bellingham, Prosser and Spokane was regulated, tested for impurities, heavily taxed and in short supply — such short supply that several other shops couldn't open because they had nothing to sell.
Pete Holmes, Seattle's elected city attorney and a main backer of the state's recreational marijuana law, said they wanted to be one of the first customers to demonstrate there are alternatives to the nation's failed drug war.
"This is a tectonic shift in public policy," they said. "You have to honor it. This is real. This is legal. This is a wonderful place to purchase marijuana where it's out of the shadows."
In this July 8, 2014, photo, Bob Leeds, owner of Sea of Green Farms, pours packets of recreational marijuana into boxes at their business in Seattle for delivery to a store in Bellingham, Wash. It was the first delivery for the company since retail licenses were issued by the state on Monday, July 7. Image: AP Photo/Ted S. Warren/Associated Press
Dressed in a pinstripe suit, Holmes stood inside Seattle's first and, for now, only licensed pot shop, Cannabis City, south of downtown. The shop was sweltering. They fanned themselves with a state-produced pamphlet titled "Marijuana Use in Washington State: An Adult Consumer's Guide."
Unsure what to buy, they asked the owner of the company that grew it, Nine Point Growth Industries of Bremerton, who recommended OG's Pearl. The strain tested at 21.5 percent THC, marijuana's main psychoactive compound.
The shop's 26-year-old twin salespersons, Andrew and Adam Powers, explained its benefits to Holmes: mainly, that the taste is not too "skunky" to turn off the occasional user.
"If you're willing to stand in line for 5 hours to buy pot in Seattle, you don't know anything about buying pot in Seattle."~Random stoner — Eric Wilkinson (@EricWilkinson) July 9, 2014
Holmes noted it had been quite some time since they smoked pot. They paraphrased a line from the "South Park" cartoon series: "Remember, children, there's a time and place for everything. That place is college."
They spent $80 on 4 grams, including $20.57 in taxes.
“I bought 2-2 gram bags of OG pearl which was recommended. I'm keeping one bag for posterity and one for personal enjoyment at some point when it's appropriate,” said Holmes.
Read more: http://q13fox.com/2014/07/08/seattle-city-attorney-in-line-to-buy-legal-pot-hopes-dea-wont-mind/#ixzz36y0g6igI
Washington is the second state to allow marijuana sales without a doctor's note. Voters in Colorado also legalized pot in 2012, and sales began there Jan. 1.
Washington's Liquor Control Board began working right away to develop rules governing just about every aspect of the industry, from what fertilizers can be used to how extracts are produced.
But the board has been overwhelmed: Nearly 7,000 people applied to grow, process or sell pot, and those licenses are being reviewed glacially by the board's 18 investigators.
Seattle's first licensed pot retailer. #CanabisCity James is very excited for opening day on Tuesday! @TeresaYuan pic.twitter.com/3Rwsu4jhCG — Doug Dillon (@dougdKING5) July 2, 2014
Fewer than 100 growers have been approved, and only about a dozen were ready to harvest in time for the market's launch. As for the stores, most first had to get lucky in state-run lotteries for 300-plus retail licenses being issued. Then they had to strike deals to buy product from the growers — in many cases at exorbitant prices.
Much of the marijuana being sold Tuesday cost at least twice the $10 to $12 per gram offered by the state's unregulated medical dispensaries.
In Seattle, hundreds of people waited in the warm sunshine outside for Cannabis City to open at noon. Store owner James Lathrop declared it time to "free the weed" and cut the ribbon — actually yellow police tape strung across the shop's door.
Their first customer, 65-year-old retiree Deb Greene, hugged and thanked Alison Holcomb, the author of Washington's marijuana law, before placing their order for 8 grams, totaling $160 with tax. Greene said they got excited and bought twice as much as they intended to.
The hype surrounding the pot shop openings was unwelcome in some quarters.
Derek Franklin, head of the Washington Association for Substance Abuse and Violence Prevention, said it can "normalize" marijuana use for children. They lamented that the state only recently scraped together some money for a digital and radio advertising campaign to urge parents to talk to their children about marijuana.
Seattle's city attorney bought some marijuana today. http://t.co/Ad6HGi11cP Cue outrage about the message they sent to children in 3, 2, 1... — Dan Riffle (@DanRiffle) July 9, 2014
"This kind of messaging, not only is it too late, but it's not nearly in-depth enough," they said. "If we're the big marijuana social experiment, well, there's no experiment I'm aware of that you go into without informed consent."
Bellingham's first store, Top Shelf Cannabis, made more than 400 transactions by late afternoon. It opened at 8 a.m., when Cale Holdsworth strode to the counter and bought 2 grams for $26.50.
"This is a great moment," said the 29-year-old from Abilene, Kansas, as a swarm of reporters and television cameras recorded the moment.
Holdsworth was in town with their girlfriend, Sarah Gorton, and their younger brother for their grandfather's birthday.
"It's just a happy coincidence and an opportunity we're not going to have for a long time," said Gorton, 24. "I'm really thrilled to be a part of something that I never thought would happen."
The trio planned to head back to their relatives' house and sample the purchase.
"We're probably going to break open a bottle of wine, sit on the porch and enjoy this," they said.
Additional reporting by Mashable
World Book Day display, 3 March 2011
John le Carré, one of the worlds most celebrated authors, has offered their literary archive to Oxfords Bodleian Library with the intention that it should become its permanent home.
Le Carré said, I am delighted to be able to do this. Oxford was Smileys spiritual home, as it is mine. And while I have the greatest respect for American universities, the Bodleian is where I shall most happily rest.
To mark the arrival of the archive, the Bodleian is displaying a small selection of le Carrés working papers for members of the public to see on World Book Day, Thursday 3 March. This will include sections from the various handwritten and typed drafts of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy which show how the novel evolved in the process of composition from its early working title, The Reluctant Autumn of George Smiley, to the final published text. The display will also include private photographs of le Carré with Alec Guinness, who memorably starred in the 1979 BBC series, as well as manuscripts of two of le Carrés own favourite novels, The Tailor of Panama and The Constant Gardener.
John le Carré is the nom de plume of David John Moore Cornwell. Their writing career spans 50 years and 22 novels which have been translated into 36 languages and adapted for film, TV and radio.  They are renowned for their intricate espionage and political fiction, and for the creation of one of modern literatures most subtle and carefully crafted protagonists, George Smiley. Le Carrés evocative accounts of the cold war era in novels such as Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (1974) and The Spy Who Came in from the Cold (1963) were drawn in part from their own experiences working for MI5 and MI6. They have also pointed to the enduring influence upon them of their time as an undergraduate at Oxford. The complex and brilliantly drawn character of Smiley owes something to the Rev. Vivian Green who was Rector of Lincoln College, where le Carré read Modern Languages and graduated with a First Class Honours degree. Previously, Green had been Chaplain at Sherborne School while le Carré was a pupil. More recent novels such as The Constant Gardener and The Mission Song have left behind the complexities of the cold war in favour of more pressing global issues of our times. In le Carrés words, The almost unimaginable poverty of Nairobis slums, depicted in The Constant Gardener, provoked the formation of a registered British charity by the producers and crew working on the film adaptation. The Constant Gardener Trust continues to provide precious educational resources in the remote Turkana area of northern Kenya, where parts of the novel were set. Le Carrés most recent novel, Our Kind of Traitor, published in September 2010, features a young Oxford academic who becomes embroiled in a murky Establishment intelligence plot.
AutoGuide.com
Honda has announced that it will build a new test course and mega solar system on its property in Sakura, Japan.
Six years ago, the Japanese automaker had initially planned to build its large-scale test course featuring a high-speed circuit with a 2.5-mile track, but that was postponed due to the economic recession that began in 2008. But now that things are back on track, Honda will go back to building a new test course that will be used to help develop advanced safety technologies.
Within the same property on Sakura, Honda will build a solar power generation system with an annual capacity of 10 MW, consisting of approximately 70,000 solar panels. The automaker plans to begin sales of the generated electricity in 2015.
In addition, it will build a biotope within the property and will welcome local members of the community to enjoy it.
Discuss this story at SuperHonda.com
They flashed gang signs in selfies, posted a photo of a Smith & Wesson on their Facebook page, and had a rap sheet even a veteran street gangster could be proud of.
And now he's been murdered — at age 14.
Bronx seventh-grader Christopher Duran was stalked and gunned down on a sidewalk near their Bronx home Friday morning — the victim, cops believe, of gang violence.
“He was a gangbanger,” one law-enforcement source said of Christopher, a child known in their Morrisania neighborhood as already well on the road to doom when they were shot dead.
“He terrorized the neighborhood,” said a woman who passed by the grim crime scene.
“Christopher is no good,” another neighbor said.
“I saw them fighting last summer in the street,” the man said. “We told them to quit fighting, but they would not listen. The person they were fighting wanted to quit, but they wouldn't quit.”
Christopher had been walking to school with their little brother just a few paces from their Sheridan Avenue doorstep when their killer — who had been lying in wait with a lookout posted down the block — pulled a gun.
As the little brother watched, the gunman pumped a single bullet into Christopher's neck, sources said.
The gunman then stood over the youth's prone body and blasted away some more, striking the boy multiple times in the torso before they and the lookout both fled.
Christopher was pronounced dead where they lay, in a pool of blood amid eight shell casings cast from a .45-caliber pistol, according to sources.
The boy's older brother is a “very active leader” in a notorious and violent gang known as 280, law-enforcement said.
Police do not suspect that Christopher was mistaken for their brother.
“You've got to believe this guy was specifically targeted,” a police source explained. “You're not going to confuse this guy with their older brother. It's believed this guy was purposely targeted, directly targeted.”
Police released video footage of a suspect on Friday afternoon.
“He's trying to disguise what they look like,” Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce told reporters. “[He's wearing] a red bandana. We don't know what that means just yet. But if you look at that, it's a very distinctive piece of ­clothing.”
The shooting itself is also on surveillance video but won't be released because “it's pretty gruesome,” Boyce said.
Despite their youth, the victim had a lengthy criminal record that includes five arrests — one for an attempted assault with a brick, sources said.
Photos posted to their Facebook page show Christopher flashing what appear to be gang signs. There is also an image of a Smith & Wesson pistol with an extended magazine.
Asked whether they were a good kid who stayed out of trouble, Christopher's neighbor, Marilyn, 27, replied, “Not really.”
“All I know is they hung out on the block,” they added.
Marilyn heard the gunfire Friday morning as they were getting their own son ready for school.
“When I heard the shots there were four or five, real fast . . . Bang, bang, bang, bang!” they said. “I heard voices yelling, ‘Call the cops! Call the cops!' When I came out, they were on the sidewalk and people were all around him. Must've been 20 people. They aren't moving.”
Gerardo Moreno, 19, who lives nearby, described walking up on the hectic scene moments after the shooting.
“All you saw was their mother running out the building, crying hysterically,” they said.
“No mother deserves to go through that. They were a happy kid, always had a smile on theirs face.
“We would always say what's up,” Moreno recalled of Christopher. “I've known them since they were about 11. It shocks me that such a young kid has their life taken away from them . . . on their way to school.”
Christopher's uncle, Jesus Mendoza, 29, disputed claims that their nephew was involved in a gang.
“It breaks my heart,” they said, sobbing uncontrollably.
“In the end . . . I want to know why . . . He's a good kid, nice-looking guy. They never did anything. They never hung out with gangs, nothing like that.”
GLOBOCAN 2012: Cancer Incidence and Mortality Worldwide: GLOBOCAN 2012, IARC -4.2.2014 [Internet]. Cancer rate is 100,000 persons per year and is age-standardized. An age-standardized rate is the rate that a population would have if it had a standard age structure. Standardization is necessary when comparing several populations that differ with respect to age because age has a powerful influence on the risk of cancer. Cumulative risk is the risk of getting or dying from the disease before age 75. It is expressed as the number of new-born children (out of 100) who would be expected to develop/die from cancer before the age of 75 in the absence of other causes of death. Data excludes non-melanoma skin cancer. List last accessed by top 5 of Anything: February 4th, 2014.Please note: According to GLOBOCAN the increasing availability of incidence data from cancer registries and mortality data from vital statistics offices, coupled with the fine-tuning of the estimation methods means that the current incidence and mortality estimates for 2012 cannot be directly compared to estimates from previous versions (e.g. GLOBOCAN 2008). Thus data and country rankings have changed from the previous list found on Top 5 of Anything.com.
Many teams have expressed their interest in Yu Darvish, and I am going to break down why each team could use him.
Chicago Cubs
@jonmorosi at MLBN stated that the Cubs have “inquired the Rangers on availability of Yu Darvish.” It has also been reported that the Rangers have had scouts at the Cubs minor league games.
Yu Darvish would be a huge help to the Cubs starting rotation. Darvish has posted a 6-8 record with a 3.44 ERA so far this year. Just imagine a rotation of Jon Lester, Jake Arrieta, Jose Quintana, Kyle Hendricks, and Yu Darvish. I'm just saying that would be pretty dangerous as the Cubs make a playoff push.
Houston Astros
@jonmorosi also stated that the Astros had a scout in attendance for Darvish's last start. They also reported that the Astros are tracking all major rotation trade candidates.
With Keuchel about to come back the Astros starting pitching will look pretty good, but one more big pitcher could push them over the edge and give them a World Series ring.
Los Angeles Dodgers
The Dodgers were another team that was scouting Darvish the other night, and I think it would be huge if they landed him.
I don't want to even think about the Dodgers starting rotation if they acquire Yu Darvish. The Dodgers already have two incredible pitchers in Clayton Kershaw and Alex Wood, so just imagine them with one more all star pitcher. If the Dodgers acquire them it will not be easy to beat them when it comes playoff time.
New York Yankees
The Yankees are shopping for a big time starter, and one of the big names is Darvish. @jonheyman stated that The Yankees are checking out Darvish, Gray, and Garcia.
The Yankees have proved that they can be a contender in the AL east, but they might need one more big name pitcher to help them. With Pineda done for the year and Montgomery struggling lately the Yankees could really use someone like Darvish.
Check us out on our twitter @1N2W_ for my trade deadline news
@jteeter67
During an interview Tuesday with Texas Democratic gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis about their shameless crippled-Abbott-hates-cripples ad, MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell seemed to suggest that Greg Abbott might not really be disabled, referencing at one point their “supposed disability.”
Davis' "Justice" ad released last week highlighted Abbott's own crippling accident in order to portray them as a man who hypocritically received care for themselves but denied it others. "A tree fell on Greg Abbot," says the ad as the camera focuses on an empty wheelchair. "He sued and got millions. Since then, they spent their career working against other victims."
In the interview Tuesday Mitchell gave Davis several opportunities to walk back the tasteless ad. Davis, however, refused to swing away at the softballs Mitchell lobbed their way, doubling and tripling down on the “fair and important” ad.
Perhaps worse, though, was one of Mitchell's statements, which drew on the empty wheelchair image and suggested that Abbott wasn't really disabled at all:
Mitchell: Could you have gone after what you see as their hypocrisy by pointing out what they did in that rape case, what they did in these other cases, without the stark image of the empty wheelchair, which seemed to be trying to point people towards their own supposed disability?
So far no apology for or even acknowledgment of the gaff by Mitchell.
Video via TheDC.
While cities like New York struggle to get people onto bikes, Amsterdam is trying to keep its hordes of bikes under control. In a city of 800,000, there are 880,000 bicycles, the government estimates, four times the number of cars. In the past two decades, travel by bike has grown by 40 percent so that now about 32 percent of all trips within the city are by bike, compared with 22 percent by car.
Applauding this accomplishment, a Danish urban planning consultancy, Copenhagenize Design, which publishes an annual list of the 20 most bike-friendly cities, placed Amsterdam in first place this year, as it has frequently in the past. (The list consists mostly of European cities, though Tokyo; Nagoya, Japan; and Rio de Janeiro made the cut. Montreal is the only North American city included.)
But many Amsterdamers say it is not so much the traffic jams like those at the morning ferry that annoy them most, but the problem of where to park their bikes once they get to where they're going, in a city with almost more water than paved surfaces.
“Just look at this place!” said Xem Smit, 22, who for the past year has struggled to maintain order at a municipal bike parking lot in the heart of town, waving a hand at bikes chained to lampposts, benches, trees and almost any other permanent object across a tree-lined square between the stock market and the big De Bijenkorf department store.
“I hear complaints all the time,” Mr. Smit said. “It's not bike friendly — no!” Their tiny, fenced-in parking lot has space officially for 140 bikes, but they routinely cram in more. “My record is 152,” they said.
The NYPD has ordered police precincts to stop giving out details about local crimes to reporters, sources told DNAinfo New York. View Full Caption Getty Images/Spencer Platt
NEW YORK — The NYPD has ordered the city's 77 police precincts to stop giving out any information to the media about crimes taking place in their neighborhoods, cutting off a long-standing source of information for New Yorkers.
According to a terse NYPD edict transmitted citywide, precinct commanders were instructed: “Any requests by media to view complaint reports be referred to the office of the Deputy Commissioner For Public Information.”
The NYPD's public information office, known as DCPI, typically disemminates only select major crimes such as murders, sexual assaults and grand larcenies, but often does not include lower level neighborhood crimes. Those complaints could traditionally be found at the precinct, a reliable source for information of interest for residents.
According to sources, the latest media restriction was sent last week to the precinct supervisors from their borough commanders, who received the transmission from the NYPD's Chief of Patrol James Hall.
Reporters from DNAinfo New York, and other local news sites, experienced the crackdown this week when they were told that access to the precinct's reports were suddenly revoked. The crackdown was first reported by The Nabe.
"It's a big policy change," a source said
However, the source questioned whether DCPI would be able to cope with the influx of media requests if reporters couldn't get information from the precincts. “DCPI is a small unit, so I don't know how they're going to handle it."
The move is the latest — and perhaps not the last — taken against the media by outgoing Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly.
“This is just another sign of the current NYPD's hostility to public accountability," said Christopher Dunn, associate legal director of the New York Civil Liberties Union. "Starting in January, we expect the department to take a dramatically different approach to openness, one that will benefit not only local newspapers but the press and public in general."
Under their flight attendantship, DCPI has systematically diminished the type of information it provides as well as overall access to department personnel. The clampdown evolved even though Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a media mogul, pledged that their administration would be a beacon of open government and transparency.
Kelly made themselves the face of the NYPD and, with rare exception, the only police person permitted to speak to television, radio and print reporters about department matters, large and small.
Leaked information not sanctioned by the NYPD has led to what critics call "witch hunts" inside the department, including suspected leakers being grilled by the Internal Affairs Bureau.
Kelly went so far as to attempt to oust the city's in-house press corps, including the New York Times, the AP, the Daily News and the New York Post, among others, from their offices within Police Headquarters several years ago.
The news came in a two-paragraph letter that gave barely one month's notice, claiming there was no longer room for them inside One Police Plaza. The eviction was halted, only after owners of several news outlets complained to Mayor Bloomberg.
The NYPD released a statement early Friday evening:
"The New York City Police Department's Patrol Guide clearly states that all media requests shall occur through the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Public Information (DCPI). Local crime information is available to media and distributed through DCPI, which is operational 24/7 to facilitate press inquiries from the media. This procedure has been in place for decades."
A motorcycle driver from Hants County has been airlifted to hospital after a car in front of them stopped to allow a family of ducks to cross the road, say Nova Scotia RCMP.
RCMP Const. Kelli Gaudet says a black car yielded to the ducks along Highway 101 near Wolfville around 9:45 a.m. on Thursday. A Kia Rio stopped for that black car, and it was rear-ended by the motorcycle driver.
The motorcycle driver, an Upper Rawdon man in their 60s, was transported to hospital via LifeFlight with serious injuries. The driver of the car was not hurt.
Police are still looking for the driver of the black car.
Highway 101 between Exits 10 and 11 was shut down for several hours in both directions while police investigated.
Top DOD brass pushed Senator John McCain, chairperson of Senate Armed Services Committee, to gut veterans preference for specialized, hard to fill positions.
To accomplish this, Senate Republicans put forth hiring language that would restrict veterans preference for federal jobs to only the first job. After you use it the first time, you lose it forever. So, you better pick the best job you can get. If you guess wrong, then you lose out.
I am highly suspicious of this issue since it seems to have been slipped into national defense spending without much discussion. And, the problem was relayed by high brass within DOD.
Since when do Americans believe much of anything when it leaks out of DOD like a fart in church? This was not an announcement but instead some kind of backdoor dealing.
Does anyone else smell a stinky rat in the woodpile? Since when do we trust DOD to present anything to the American public in an honorable and transparent manner?
MCCAIN TO SCREW VETERANS
As in the past, Sen. McCain (R-Az) was more than happy to comply with an anti-veteran position and is working to push through legislation to end veterans preference. The new bill included with the defense spending bill allows a veteran to have one shot using the preference. Once they use it and are hired, they lose the preference.
RELATED: Senate Votes To Scale Back Veterans Preference
According to a statement from Sen. McCain:
“We must balance the goals of rewarding those who are eligible for a federal hiring advantage with the needs of the federal government and notably the Department of Defense to attract and hire the best talent for a variety of important national security jobs,” the senator said in a statement. The defense bill “achieves this balance by ensuring veterans still have the ability to get a foot in the door for federal civilian employment, after which they stand on merit,” McCain said.
The Washington Post cited a DOD a Capital Hill aide, saying:
But Defense Department officials have told senators that pressure to hire veterans is forcing them to fill some jobs in procurement, acquisitions, science and technical offices with former service members when a non-veteran may be a better fit, Senate aides said. “This was considered the best way to capture the intent to tweak the policy without causing emotional alarm, a step to get the conversation going,” said a Senate aide involved in negotiations over the change who was not authorized to speak publicly.
Apparently, Senate Republicans are sure the intent of President Obama's veterans preference initiative was not to be broad an impactful.
But since when do Senate Republicans know anything about what Obama was thinking? Congress and the President have been largely deadlocked during these past terms.
Does anyone else find the solution to this supposed problem questionable? How will limiting veterans preference to only a one shot deal truly ensure the best candidates are available to DOD?
Or, is DOD trying to load up on civilians without military experience for some other kind of purpose, and using the issue as a red herring to screw veterans and the American public?
If DOD truly wanted more qualified soldiers, then they should do everything in their power to ensure we are the best trained in performing both military and civilian operations.
WILL THE VETERANS PREFERENCE MOVE ACCOMPLISH THE GOAL?
Put a different way, the issue here, according to McCain and the aide, is that the policy is designed to help more qualified non-veterans compete equally with veterans. To accomplish the goal, they will restrict veterans preference to a one shot opportunity. Once you use it, you lose it.
Now how does this affect the overall problem as stated by DOD officials? Won't positions still exist where a veteran applies for their or their first time, and beats out someone who is a non-veteran but a better fit?
Doesn't a veterans preference as it stands right now create an incentive to ensure the military better trains military personnel for civilian jobs?
Over the years, I have noticed that McCain chides against initiatives that encourage active duty personnel to leave the services for better paying civilian alternatives. Some of you might recall that McCain voted against the Post 9/11 GI Bill because they thought it would encourage enlisted soldiers to exit the military.
Since they were unsuccessful in winning on that front, perhaps eroding the veterans preference set in place by Obama is a next best thing?
VETERANS PREFERENCE RESTRICTIONS A BAD IDEA
According to veteran and former bureaucrat Jeffrey Neal, this plan is flawed because of the high turnover rate amongst veterans from their first federal job.
Neal, a former DOD human resources leader turned senior VP for ICF International, says it takes a while for veterans to find an agency that is a right fit. For that reason, the veterans preference entitlement should not be a one shot fix.
RELATED: Veteran Preference In Federal Hiring Third Rail Of Reform
JOHN DOE VETERAN EXAMPLE
For example, VA hires a lot of veterans as janitors. But lets say that janitor just needed a job while finishing college to do something bigger. Under this new proposed legislation, they would lose their ability to use veterans preference when they are done with college.
FIGHT BACK AGAINST THE MOVE
The Senate plan is the first change to the high-profile veterans hiring initiative created under the Obama Administration.
Meanwhile, numerous Democrats in the House of Representatives are trying to counter the move.
Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-Az), a Marine Corps veteran, has proposed a counter. Their bill would amend a financial services spending bill that would bar federal money from being used to revise policy to alter veterans preference in federal hiring.
Gallego's bill was co-sponsored by Reps. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Az), Pete Aguilar (D-Ca) and Mark Takano (D-Ca). It was also endorsed by numerous veterans groups.
How is that for the current election cycle? As your lawmakers return home to gather votes and election money, be sure to get your voice heard on veterans preference.
This is one initiative of Obama's that I definitely like. I am not surprised to see McCain come out in favor of totally gutting something that no doubt benefited thousands of disabled veterans.
Sources:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/06/17/tktk-veterans/?tid=a_inl
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/06/27/veteran-preference-in-federal-hiring-the-third-rail-of-civil-service-reform-expert-says/
It's no secret that the U.S. government has been domestically stockpiling unimaginable amounts of ammunition and weapons. So much ammunition, in fact, that it surpasses even what the military uses on a yearly basis in the mid east theaters of war.
All of these arms and ammunition are being transported within the borders of the United States by third-party truck drivers contracted by the Department of Homeland Security, and some of these drivers are reportedly foreign born originating from countries like Russia and Poland.
In a recent radio interview on World News with Dave Vose, a caller relays a shocking story from a FEMA insider that is apparently well known within the FEMA/DHS transportation community, and it has some U.S. drivers spooked.
According to the report, truckers have been hauling large volumes of weapons-related supplies, some of which have been carried by Russian and Polish drivers, to destinations like military bases and DHS supply depots all over the country. But about 30% of the loads operated by Russian and Polish drivers have vanished en route to their destinations, and the drivers are never heard from again.
It's a story that has appeared nowhere in the mainstream media, and will likely never be validated by the Department of Homeland Security.
But given reports of foreign troops on the ground in the United States, treaties signed by President Obama authorizing the deployment of Russian security experts on American soil, and recent revelations that the U.S. Army is stockpiling foreign made ammunition and supplies, one can't help but consider there may be a connection.
Vose: This is a person that you've been talking to that's a truck driver, he's a private contractor for FEMA, and they transport things for them all over the United States and Canada. Insider: Yes… They said to me on the phone that he's been driving stuff to military bases. He's been carrying crates of these bullets and delivering them to the military bases and he's carrying sixteen crates at a time. They said they're very heavy. They're two feet high by eight feed wide. The other thing they told me is he's been carrying truck loads of stun grenades. …There has been also… they said that in the Mojave desert they are having military drops. They are dropping stuff – big equipment, military equipment – in the Mojave desert. …The other thing that they said to me which was really interesting, is they said to me that all the truck drivers are all talking about it… about Russian and Polish truck drivers in Canada that have disappeared in the United States. 30% of them. Thirty percent of the Russians and Polish, they said in particular, truck drivers… that their trucks and their drivers have disappeared. What the means I don't know. …Everybody's aware of it, or the truckers at least. He's saying he's going to give it three more weeks and then he's getting out of there.
That truck drivers have been robbed of their loads would be nothing new. But given that they are of eastern European origination, are working for FEMA, have reportedly vanished during their deliveries, and were carrying weapons and ammunition, is it possible they are somehow tied to the foreign troops reportedly operating on U.S. soil?
This is no doubt a ‘conspiracy theory', and a grand one at that. But given the scores of other ‘theories' that have proven to be fact recently, can we completely discount this as a possibility?
San Francisco has passed a "retail workers' bill of rights" — a package of legislation aimed at improving life for workers in stores and restaurants. The measure addresses a problem less quantifiable than wages: unpredictable scheduling. A recent study found that 41 percent of early-career (26 to 32 years old) hourly workers said they only knew their schedules one week in advance or less.
The "bill of rights" is really two bills
San Francisco is becoming known for its worker-friendly policies, having recently voted to gradually raise its minimum wage — already nearly $3.50 above the federal minimum, at $10.74 per hour — to $15 per hour over three years.
On Tuesday afternoon, San Francisco's Board of Supervisors took another step in that direction, unanimously passing a "retail workers' bill of rights," the first such bill to be passed in a large US city. That "bill" is in fact two pieces of legislation containing five provisions aimed at making life easier for hourly workers at the city's chain restaurants and stores.
Among other things, the bill will require employers to post schedules two or more weeks in advance, give additional hours to part-time employees instead of hiring new workers, and pay employees for any hours they are put "on call," only to have their shifts canceled.
The latest measures are meant to provide protection against unpredictable scheduling, which has become huge problem for low-income workers. Many employers have started using sophisticated "just-in-time" scheduling software, which decides how many workers have to work at a given time based on data points like traffic, sales levels, and even weather, as MSNBC has reported. This type of software has often led to erratic, short shifts for many workers.
Hourly workers increasingly don't know when they'll work
According to one recent University of Chicago study, 41 percent of early-career (26 to 32 years old) hourly workers said they only knew their schedules one week in advance or less. In addition, those hours could swing dramatically: "in the course of a single month, workers' hours varied on average by 37 percent in comparison to what they considered their usual hours."
This of course makes life tougher for workers who have to schedule their workaround children and other family members (not to mention juggle two or more jobs), but the problems go beyond scheduling. Unpredictable shifts — and thus, unpredictable income — makes financial planning nearly impossible.
One of the most serious, and least covered, problems low-income Americans face is fluctuations in income. Fully 20 percent of Americans in the bottom quintile of earners experienced an income drop of 50 percent or more within a year, according to a 2010 paper from the Urban Institute.
Workers in San Francisco will now know two weeks ahead of time if this week's 30 hours could become 15 later in the month. That can hurt, but it at least allows a family to better save and plan for lean times ahead.
Bills like this one are partially a response, as Politico's Marianne Levine writes, to the decline of unions in the US. While scheduling and wages were once the province of union-business negotiations, labor's waning power has driven these sorts of fights into the political arena, like City Hall and state houses.
This type of bill has been introduced on the federal level; Democrats in July introduced the Schedules that Work Act, which would have similarly promoted more advance scheduling. That bill is in committee but isn't expected to pass.
Liverpool have signed 'an extraordinary talent' in Lazar Markovic, according to a man who watched their Benfica displays with a vested interest week in, week out last season.
Football journalist Luis Pedro Ferreira spent many afternoons throughout 2013-14 at the Estadio Da Luz watching the Reds' new signing in awe while penning match reports on The Eagles' fortunes.
Despite spending just one season at Benfica, the Maisfutebol.pt reporter believes he's seen enough to suggest Markovic has all the attributes to become a star at Anfield.
What kind of player have Liverpool just bought?
An extraordinary talent. The first thing one notices is their speed. The way they carry the ball is quite impressive and really sets them apart, with their head held high and quality in decision making. He's very, very quick with the ball, something I haven't seen since Di Maria played for Benfica - but Markovic is probably even faster. That's their main weapon.
And then, of course, there's their passing quality, due to their good decision making, and in front of goal. They don't shoot from distance - they rarely try to score from outside of the penalty box. But they finish very well, sometimes with finesse, when he's one-on-one with the goalkeeper.
Playing as a winger, one could expect a lot of crosses; however, Markovic rarely crosses the ball - they rarely needed to at Benfica, I must say - because he's not a traditional winger that's always trying to get to the line. Their favourite move is coming from the touchline to the inside and he's so, so good playing between the defensive lines, where they usually make a difference. I think they made huge progress there.
They stopped resolving things by themselves and understood what the team needed. When they arrived, they gave away possession a little bit too easily because they used to get the ball and try to solve things by himself. But then they grew up; they were intelligent enough to realise that they didn't have to carry the ball every time, to run with it in every single moment. They could make a simple pass, constructing the offensive, and receive the ball a few moments afterwards in a better position.
All of this is also true regarding their defensive game. When pressing high, their speed is a danger to opponents. If an opponent gets distracted, he's so quick that it will get them into trouble. They learned how to close down and to sacrifice themselves for the team too. They matured in tactical terms, no doubt about that.
How did they perform for Benfica last season?
Very well. We had seen glimpses of their talent during pre-season, but we also saw that their game was raw in tactical terms. Their first incredible moment - and they had quite a few - was in Lisbon's derby against Sporting.
They had already scored against Gil Vicente a week earlier but people realised they were really special when they scored at Alvalade. The way they carried the ball through defenders was absolutely stunning.
In that same game, Eduardo Salvio got a knee ligament injury. Salvio was Benfica's first choice to play on the right wing but this gave Markovic the opportunity to become a regular. They got minutes, they learned, they progressed and was one of the most influential players in the team. Their speed changed Benfica into a dangerous team when counter-attacking and a solid one defending.
They had 49 games for Benfica, scoring seven goals and, one very important thing, they had an impact in big games. The one at Alvalade against Sporting, but also against FC Porto at Da Luz, where they made an assist for Benfica's opening goal in a 2-0 victory.
Watch the video here »
How quickly did they adapt to Portuguese football after moving from Partizan?
Quick enough because they had to. It was always going to be a working process, but it was accelerated by Toto Salvio's injury. Markovic can also play in a central role, behind the strikers, and they would probably have spent some time there if the Argentinian was fit.
But Salvio's injury meant that Markovic was needed and had to grow up fast. Their first months were irregular. They scored against Gil Vicente in the second game of the season and left people with their mouths open at the Lisbon derby. But after that they also had a few games in which they aren't at what we now know to be their best. Of course, one has to keep in mind Benfica's overall form: despite the wins, the performances weren't that good until January.
Their understanding of the game became better and better as the season unfolded, but they had an immediate impact due to their excellent skills and their first two goals - both extremely important in Benfica's season.
Another very important factor was that Benfica had another five Serbians in the first team (Matic and Mitrovic later left) and Markovic's brother, Filip, played in the Benfica B team. There were eight Serbs in total, as Matic's brother, Uros, also played for Benfica B until January.
They can play in several different roles, but were done Benfica play them most?
Benfica played a 4-4-2 formation and Markovic was the right winger. They spent some time on the left and in a central role, as a second striker. Even if they played on the right, they showed up quite often in the middle (with or without the ball), because that's their best move and because they do it so well, when opponents aren't really expecting it.
How have Benfica fans reacted to the deal?
Benfica supporters are used to losing some of their star players at the end of the season. In Markovic's case, they had accepted that, sooner or later, they would leave. Of course, as any other supporter, they are sad to see such a great talent leave.
[SLIDESHOW]
How do you see them fitting in here at Liverpool? What will they bring to the Liverpool team?
Tactically speaking, I think they will play on the right because they developed so much as a player there. I imagine a very dangerous team with Markovic and Sturridge using their speed to counter-attack and pressing opponents. They will also be of great help in defence. If anyone has doubts about this, just watch their display in Turin against Juventus.
It will be very interesting to see how Premier League defenders will cope with their speed. They will also bring intensity to Liverpool's game, and that is one of the reasons why they usually play well in big games.
Just how good can Lazar Markovic become?
This is the simplest question about Markovic: they have all the qualities to be a world-class footballer. They just needs to continue on this path, progressing like they did at Benfica.
Di Maria and James Rodriguez are two wonderkids that have left the Portuguese league in the last four years. The Argentinian is already a star, and the Colombian is proving they will be. I don't know if Markovic is going to reach Di Maria's level - but I do know that they can. And that they learnt faster than Di Maria.
If they played like this at 19, in their first year as a senior, they have everything to become one of football's greatest stars.
Follow Luis @luispedro10.
OTTAWA — Canada is among 40 countries pledging a worldwide crackdown on money laundering and illegal corporate tax schemes during an anti-corruption summit in London.
But there are lingering concerns that proposed rules agreed to Thursday — including requiring governments to set up public registries of company ownership — may be slow in coming and not go far enough.
The one-day gathering of diplomats and politicians — among them, Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale — ended with a general pledge to “uncover corruption wherever it exists and to pursue and punish those who perpetrate, facilitate or are complicit in it.”
So far, however, there are few signatories to back up the goals outlined in the communiqué.
In fact, just six countries agreed to create public registries of company ownership and locations — a move that is hoped will expose those hiding behind shell companies, not only to hide profits but also to make it more difficult for governments and tax authorities to know who has purchased properties, or been awarded contracts, and in what countries.
Canada is not yet on the short list of supporters for public registries.
The only countries to sign up were the U.K., France, the Netherlands, Afghanistan, Kenya and Nigeria — although Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, Georgia, Indonesia and Jordan have committed to taking initial steps in that direction.
Others have committed to establishing such registries farther down the road, something Canada has also agreed to do.
“Transparency is important, especially when you're trying to expose a scourge like corruption,” Goodale said in a telephone interview following Thursday's summit. “From Canada's point of view, there are a number of issues that need to be addressed before we can make the (registries) commitment.”
For instance, “there are the inter-jurisdictional arrangements between the federal government, the provinces and, in some cases, municipalities — this is the Canadian constitutional complexity,” Goodale said.
The minister pointed to another issue of concern, the Privacy Act, and how “an initiative of this kind can be done properly” without affecting the rights of Canadians.
Still, the London summit managed to get broad support for initiatives to fight bribery across countries — including and commercial activities and sporting events.
“The kind of discussion that took place is a demonstration of growing concern around the world about the impacts of corruption — and the pervasiveness of corruption,” Goodale said.
Transparency is important, especially when you're trying to expose a scourge like corruption.
There is also “the need for countries to begin to do more and more and more about it — and not just (with) companies, but private-sector players, inter-governmental and non-governmental organizations.”
During Thursday's meeting, U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron said their country already requires companies — domestic or foreign — to disclose who benefits financially from their property holdings.
At the same time, Cameron characterized international corruption as “the cancer at the heart of so many problems we need to tackle in our world.”
There were equally strong words from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who said they were concerned by how corruption has become “pandemic” around the world.
“It is a contributor to terrorism in many different ways and the extremism that we see in the world today comes to no small degree from the utter exasperation that people have with the sense that the system is rigged.”
Although tax evasion and other forms of corruption, such as money laundering, have been a global concern for decades, it has taken the so-called Panama Papers to push these issues to the public forefront.
In the past few weeks, a consortium of international journalists has posted leaked documents with the names used in 200,000 offshore accounts registered by the law firm Mossack Fonseca, based in Panama.
Among the data were tax havens belonging to some well-known business figures and politicians from a wide range of countries.
Financial Post
gisfeld@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/gisfeld
Posted by Mark Williams | June 17, 2013
OK, we've been through the testing, we've put on the miles, and now we're just about ready to render our verdict.
We decided to judge these trucks both on their physical capabilities and other more subjective characteristics. Thankfully, we were able to get experts from RaceLogic and Popular Mechanics to help out. The end result is mountains of data and impressions collected, and one overall winner for our 2013 Light-Duty Challenge.
Scoring a test like this can be complicated. In the past, we used a series of formulas that weighted each category according to how important (or not) we thought those categories were. Not so this time. This year each winner of each quantitative test was awarded 100 points and all other competitors received whatever fraction of points their own score deserved when compared to the winning time or distance.
For example, if the winning truck accelerated a prescribed distance in 10 seconds and the second-place finisher accelerated in 11 seconds, the former would be awarded 100 points and the latter 91 (10 divided by 11= 90.9). Likewise, in stopping distances, if the winner stopped in 135 feet (100 points) and the fourth-place finisher stopped in 153 feet, the fourth-place truck got 88 points. (You can do the math.)
The only place where fractions were allowed into total scoring was in the qualitative section, where judges could award points in any way they saw fit. As you can see from our judges' impressions, each expert had their own biases and preferences, and each reflected those opinions in their scores. The fact that this particular section can be considered "fuzzy" motivated us to designate this section to be worth about half as much as the 13 objective categories.
Before we get to the final finishing order, we'd like to thank our third-party experts at RaceLogic (thanks Joe Lachovsky) who were responsible for collecting our test data and providing tons of helpful testing advice, as well as both original equipment manufacturer support teams that helped us use the Chrysler and GM Milford Proving Grounds to their fullest (Ford, it's your turn next time). And thanks also to our compatriots at Popular Mechanics: Your insights and driving skills were hugely appreciated. We've been told readers can look for PM's own half-ton challenge in the September issue, going on sale near the beginning of August.
For all our quantitative test and calculated data in one head-to-head chart, click here.
Sixth Place
2013 Nissan Titan Pro-4X | 1,605.5 points
(Nissan Scorecard)
Even though the Titan did not win a single category in our tests, the news is not all bad. The foundation of this truck is solid, and our judges seemed to have a soft spot for the Titan as the sportiest player in the segment. Sure, the engine and interior are the weakest links but there are some good qualities that Nissan can build off of when the next-generation Titan debuts, hopefully by 2015. The Titan was the last-place finisher in our quantitative testing, but our judges did not believe it deserved last place in interior and exterior scoring. At the end of the testing, the Titan was simply outgunned with more under-hood technology and firepower from the other trucks; it also is significantly in need of a new interior design. On a positive note, from what we're hearing, the next-gen Titan will offer many more powertrain options and cab configurations, something that all the players in this arena must have.
Fifth Place
2013 Toyota Tundra SR5 | 1,624.5 points
(Toyota Scorecard)
The Tundra did not win a single one of our testing categories either, but it did perform well during our most extreme tow tests, thanks in large part to a relatively solid Max Tow Package that included 4.30:1 axle gears but no integrated brake controller (just like the Nissan). Unfortunately, the biggest weaknesses centered on the outdated gauge cluster and split center stack, as well as the underperforming tire choice. The 2014 Toyota Tundra is set to debut later this year with a new interior and exterior design, and since our judges scored the current Tundra in last place for our contest in both those categories, we'd say that's good timing. Our judges all liked the powerful sound that the Tundra's engine made when hauling and towing, but it somehow seems appropriate given the quality of the all-new or recently updated competitive powertrains that the Tundra finished fifth in our quantitative tests, fifth in our qualitative categories and fifth in total points. As a small piece of advice, we'd suggest giving some serious thought to updating and modifying this truck's powertrain and chassis choices soon.
Fourth Place
2014 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 LT Z71 | 1,715.75 points
(Chevrolet Scorecard)
The only contest the new Chevy Silverado 1500 won was the fuel economy loop with the trailers in tow, scoring just a hair better than its GMC cousin. Beyond that one category, the Silverado was a solid middle-of-the-pack player, often getting close to joining the leaders, yet never threatening to join the bottom two. It's worth noting the Silverado is less than 34 points from third place and more than 90 points better than fifth position. Due to a few option differences with the GMC, the Chevy weighed 60 pounds heavier than its cousin, which generally hurt it most in performance and fuel economy (at least when empty). With our judges, the new Silverado was usually a top-three finisher, garnering plenty of comments about creature comforts and stellar ride quality; unfortunately, the GMC interior resonated with our judges just a touch louder. Finishing in fourth place after all the quantitative testing and calculations, and a strong third place in the qualitative portion, the 2014 Chevy Silverado just couldn't keep up with the better-looking and ever-so-slightly better-performing Sierra.
Third Place
2014 GMC Sierra 1500 SLE Z71 | 1,749.25 points
(GMC Scorecard)
If there was a surprise in this competition, it was that the all-new GMC Sierra 1500 won two of our 13 quantitative contests outright, and came in second in four others, all done without a maximum trailer package or the all-new 6.2-liter V-8 (both arriving later this year). Impressively, that put the GMC within striking distance of the Ford (only 55 points behind out of 1,300) after the quantitative section of the test. Unfortunately, the GMC made up less than 40 points in the judge's scoring, winning the exterior styling portion outright but finishing in second place to the Ram 1500 in both interior and overall value. Our judges were clearly impressed with the new material choices and gauge cluster layout inside the GMC but they weren't impressed enough to take away points from Ram or Chevy, both of which also scored well. As strong as the push was for the Sierra near the end (it was like we were watching a long-distance runner finish a marathon with back-to-back five-minute miles), it wasn't enough to overtake the hard-performing Hemi in the Ram 1500 or the monster-strong F-150.
Second Place
2013 Ram 1500 SLT Big Horn | 1,753.5 points
(Ram 1500 Scorecard)
Watching the top two in a comparison test like this is more like witnessing King Kong wrestle a giant anaconda or a T. rex; you know you shouldn't be standing around watching the bloody battle, but it's just too dang mesmerizing to look away. Together, the Ford and Ram pickups won more than three-quarters of all the test events. In fact, the new Ram 1500 won five separate events (both autocross tests, both hill-climb events and the empty zero-to-60 run), as well as coming in a close second in three categories. Additionally, the new Ram was a strong player with our judges, winning both the interior and overall value categories, and finishing second in the exterior section behind the stylish GMC. If the Ram 1500 had one obvious weakness, it was in our calculated payload and towing capacity events. In those two categories, the Ram gave up the most points of any other competitor in any event, and with that huge distance to make up, it couldn't close the gap enough on the Ford no matter how well it performed in the other events. In the end, this truck missed the tape by a nose.
First Place
2013 Ford F-150 XLT | 1,765 points
(Ford Scorecard)
Say what you will about the F-150, but as the biggest-selling half-ton in the U.S. offering the most engine choices and trim packages in the class, you had to think this was the favorite from Day One. Although the F-150 hasn't won a PUTC comparison test since the 2010 V-6 Work Truck Shootout, we should note we're not counting last year's Ultimate 4x4 Shootout because the Ford Raptor is in a class by itself. The performance in this well-equipped XLT SuperCrew with its Max Tow Package was, quite simply, dominating. In the quantitative section of our test, with 13 different performance tests and max rating calculations, the Ford outdistanced the competition by a significant margin. It won five competitive events outright and came in second in six others. However, in the qualitative section of our testing, the Ford's domination fell short. In fact, even though the F-150 did not garner any harsh criticisms, the XLT interior was clearly not up to the levels seen in the new GM trucks and Ram 1500. After the judges' scores were sorted, the Ford never received higher than a third-place finish in this section, winding up in fourth place overall in our qualitative portion of the test. But this contest wasn't only about what a few experts think, so now that all the dust has settled on one of our most thorough and exhaustive half-ton pickup truck comparison tests, the 2013 Ford F-150 is PickupTrucks.com's 2013 Light-Duty Challenge Champion by 11.5 points more than the Ram and 15.75 points more than the GMC. Congrats to Ford and to all of our competitors, because this was one crazy, brutal battle royale.
Overview | Judges' Impressions | 0-60 Acceleration | 60-0 Braking | Mileage Drive | Hill Climb | Autocross | Payload and Towing | Results
WWE will have a major presence at this year's Arnold Classic, taking place in early March in Columbus, Ohio, as the following has been announced:
WWE Experience at the Arnold Sports Festival
WWE Universe, don't miss your chance to take part in the WWE Experience at the Arnold Sports Festival March 5-8, 2015, in Columbus, Ohio!
NXT Live Event
For the first time in WWE history, NXT comes to Columbus, Ohio, as part of the Arnold Sports Festival! See WWE's Superstars of tomorrow, as WWE presents NXT Live at the LC Pavilion on Thursday, March 5! See NXT Champion Sami Zayn, NXT Women's Champion Charlotte, WWE Superstars Ryback and Big Show, WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair, Adrian Neville, Kevin Owens, Finn Bálor, Hideo Itami, Sasha Banks and many more!
Tickets will be available on Friday, Jan. 23, at 10 a.m. ET at the LC Pavilion Box Office and Ticketmaster.com.
Don't miss your chance to attend VIP Experiences, including ringside seats and exclusive meet-and-greets with Ric Flair, Ryback and Big Show!
WWE Experience Event
For a jam-packed weekend of action and entertainment, there's no better spot at this year's Arnold Sports Festival than the WWE Experience on Saturday, March 7, and Sunday, March 8.
Enjoy live matches, featuring some of the best up-and-coming talent from WWE and NXT. Meet the Superstars and Divas of WWE's next generation during autograph signings with Finn Bálor, Hideo Itami, Kevin Owens, Sami Zayn, Tyler Breeze, Sasha Banks, Charlotte, Alexa Bliss and more, plus don't miss your chance to get up close and personal with WWE Legends during Q&A Sessions.
See what it takes to become a WWE Superstar and watch a live tryout. Will any of these recruits become the next breakout Superstar? Better yet, will you? If you're serious about a future in sports entertainment, stop by the WWE recruiting booth and tell us.
Location: Columbus Convention Center
Attractions include:
* Live Matches
* Autograph Signings
* Guest Appearances
* Q&A Sessions with WWE Legends
* Live Tryouts
* Recruiting Information
* WWE Shop and Much More
Schedule of Events:
Saturday, March 7
9:00 AM – 11:00 AM Autograph Signings
10:00 AM – 10:30 AM Q&A Sessions
10:30 AM – 11:30 AM Live Matches
11:00 AM – 1:00 PM Autograph Signings
11:30 AM – 1:00 PM Live Tryouts
1:00 PM – 1:30 PM Q&A Session
1:00 PM – 3:00 PM Autograph Signings
1:30 PM – 2:30 PM Live Matches
2:30 PM – 3:00 PM Q&A Session
3:00 PM – 4:00 PM Live Matches
3:00 PM – 5:00 PM Autograph Signings
4:00 PM – 4:30 PM Q&A Session
4:30 PM – 5:30 PM Live Tryouts
Sunday, March 8
10:00 AM – 12:00PM Autograph Signings
10:30 AM – 11:00 AM Q&A Session
11:00 AM – 11:30 AM Q&A Session
11:30 AM – 12:30 PM Live Matches
12:00 PM – 2:00 PM Autograph Signings
2:00 PM – 4:00 PM Autograph Signings
2:30 PM – 3:00 PM Q&A Session
3:00 PM – 4:00 PM Live Matches
*Talent and schedule subject to change. A daily expo ticket is required for admission. One autograph per person. Autographs are first come, first served. Admission into the event does not guarantee an autograph. No posed photo opportunities are permitted.
General Admission Daily Expo Tickets: $10*
Daily Expo Tickets offer admission to the Arnold Fitness Expo on any one day.
*Note: The WWE Experience will only take place on March 7 & 8. Expo ticket prices will increase at the door, so be sure to purchase in advance at ticketmaster.com/arnold.
Visit arnoldsportsfestival.com for more info.
State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman's witch hunt against supposed “climate-science deniers” became an even more embarrassing debacle late last month — and just might wind up ending their career.
A state judge ruled in favor of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a think tank whose Freedom of Information request the AG had denied. That gave Schneiderman 30 days to cough up documents concerning their agreements with other states' AGs, and with a group of green activists, about their joint persecution of ExxonMobile and other entities for supposed “climate fraud.”
CEI had been targeted by one of Schneiderman's co-conspirators, the Virgin Islands AG, with legal demands that plainly aimed at suppressing free speech and scientific inquiry that the nonprofit sponsors.
The think tank's lawyers believe the documents could show improper conduct by the AGs. If they do, Schneiderman faces serious trouble.
Oh, and New York taxpayers are out some more cash over the AG's bid to dodge the Freedom of Information Law: The court ordered Schneiderman to cover CEI's court costs, because their defense of their denial of the FOIL request was so transparently lame. (His brief merely quoted New York law, without even making any argument as to why it applied in this case.)
It all began in March, at a press conference where Schneiderman and 16 other AGs seemed to join Al Gore to announce joint operations against Exxon. In fact, more of the AGs were never on board — they'd shown up for a far less ambitious announcement.
And both of the two AGs who did mean to work with Schneiderman have now backed out, with the Virgin Islands AG completely abandoning their suits and the Massachusetts AG “suspending” their work until further notice.
Schneiderman, meanwhile, has dropped their initial claims that Exxon covered up scientific findings. They had to: The evidence is clear that for decades the company's been publishing scientific results that fit neatly into the mainstream.
Instead, the AG is now (supposedly) chasing a legal case based on the company's failure to report the value of its oil reserves in the way they think it should.
(Seriously: The charge is that Exxon is overvaluing its oil reserves, because it doesn't note the risk that anti-warming laws might make the petroleum worthless. Hmm: How is that going to fly with “climate science skeptic” Donald Trump sitting in the White House?)
Schneiderman maintains they shouldn't have to come clean because they signed confidentiality agreements with the other AGs. But their office won't say whether it's going to appeal the FOIL ruling or obey the judge's order.
If they do keep refusing to comply with the Freedom of Information Law, you have to think he's worried about what those documents will reveal.
LUCKNOW: A special CBI court on Monday sentenced 47 police officers to life imprisonment for killing 10 Sikh pilgrims in a fake encounter in Pilibhit in Uttar Pradesh 25 years ago.Special judge Lallu Singh had on April 1 held the police officers guilty of a "fake encounter".On July 12, 1991, the police officers stopped a luxury bus filled with Sikh pilgrims and forced 10 passengers to get off. A charge sheet said they were divided into groups, taken to different areas in a jungle and killed in "cold blood".The police officers claimed the next day that 10 Khalistani terrorists had been killed. They claimed that some of the Sikhs in the bus had criminal cases and were armed.The case dates back to 1991 when the state's Terai region witnessed a surge in militancy-related incidents.The CBI investigated the case on the orders of the Supreme Court and said the motive behind the killings was to earn awards and recognition for killing "terrorists".According to CBI, the bus was on its way to Pilibhit on July 12, when a police team stopped it at Kachlapul ghat. Eleven Sikh men were allegedly dragged out of the vehicle. The other passengers, including women and children, were taken to a gurdwara in Pilibhit while the men were made to sit in another vehicle.Late in the evening, additional force joined the police team and they divided the Sikh men into three groups.On the intervening night of July 12 and 13, the police officers gunned down the Sikh men in three encounters in the thickets falling under three different police station areas - Bilsanda, Niuria and Pooranpur - in Pilibhit.The police then claimed that these men had criminal cases against them and claimed to have recovered arms and ammunition from their possession.The CBI probe found that the police got the autopsy done on 10 of the bodies and got them cremated the same day.Fifty-seven police officers were charged in the case, but 10 have died since.
The central premise behind the new Adam Sandler comedy "Pixels" is so undeniably promising on its most basic level that as I walked into the screening, I felt a genuine anticipation that I cannot easily recall ever feeling in conjunction with one of their films, at least of those cranked out by their Happy Madison production company. Unfortunately, a good premise can only take a film so far if it has been accompanied by abysmal execution. Oh, "Pixels" does have a couple of laughs scattered here and there, and the film as a whole is certainly better than such recent Sandler disasters as "That's My Boy," "Blended" and the truly inexplicable "The Cobbler," but when one considers how good this material might have been if placed in the right hands, to see it squandered this way makes it almost more painful to view than the typical Sandler stinker.
Advertisement
The conceit here is that back in 1982, NASA launched into orbit a capsule that contained numerous examples of our then-contemporary popular culture as a way of reaching out to possible alien life forms that might be curious to know about that thing that we on Earth called "The Pirate Movie," including a cassette chronicling a video game championship featuring young arcade masters showing their skills at the top games of the era. Unfortunately, a hostile alien force intercepts the tape, determines its contents to be an act of war, and begins sending down large and malevolent versions of the characters from those games to attack Earth as a response to the alleged challenge with the fate of the planet hanging in the balance. The spaceships from "Galaga" rain pixilated horror in Peru, a "Centipede" games breaks out over London's Hyde Park and the grid-like layout of New York City sets the scene for what proves to be the world's largest Pac-Man game.
Drastic times call for drastic measures and so the President (Kevin James) hits upon the idea of bringing in old school gamers to advise on how to stop the invading forces. Luckily, their childhood best friend, Sam Brenner (Sandler), was a young gaming prodigy back in the day until their life was ruined after losing that asupervisorstioned championship when they placed second at Donkey Kong.  They are joined by Ludlow (Josh Gad), another participant in that competition who has become a paranoid conspiracy buff (he is convinced JFK fired first, chuckle chuckle) with an unhealthy obsession towards Lady Lisa, the scantily-clad hero of "Dojo Girl." (This game does not actually exist but as those scoring at home will quickly discover, verisimilitude is not exactly the film's strong point) Overblown egomaniac Eddie "The Fireblaster" Plant (Peter Dinklage)—who beat Sam at that fateful Donkey Kong game—signs on as well but carries a shocking secret that could lead to the destruction of the world. Finally, in a small concession that women also play games as well, the guys are joined by Lt. Col. Violet van Patten (Michelle Monaghan), a brilliant specialist who creates the weird weaponry to be used against the invaders. (Of course, they are just a girl in a movie aimed at adolescent boys so their signature moves include zapping a Smurf and downing Chardonnay while sobbing about their romantic troubles at length to the guy who has arrived to install their flat-screen TV.)
Like I said, the premise of "Pixels" (which was inspired by a 2010 short) is sound, and in a perfect world, it could have been the hi-tech hybrid of "The Last Starfighter" and "Ghostbusters" that it clearly wants to be. Indeed, there are moments when the sight of giant-sized arcade icons wreaking havoc do have a certain grandeur to them, even if their overexposure in the coming attractions previews has inevitably reduced much of their immediate impact. Alas, while the technologies used to bring these characters from their 8-bit origins to the CGI world are as state-of-the-art as can be, the screenplay is closer to "Oregon Trail" by comparison. Instead of taking the time to really hash out the concept, co-writers and frequent Sandler collaborators Tim Herlihy and Timothy Dowling have essentially shunted it to the side in order to make room for the usual nonsense: people acting like idiots for no apparent reason, an attitude towards women that should appeal to those Gamergate oafs, cameo appearances from Sandler's buddies and the usual bits of gross-out humor. (You'll believe a Q*Bert can whiz!)
Advertisement
Although I can't help but wonder what someone like Joe Dante, an excellent filmmaker with a genuine interest in the perils and pleasures of American popular culture, might have done with this concept, Chris Columbus, the guy behind "Home Alone," "Mrs. Doubtfire" and the first two "Harry Potter" joints, does what they can with the material, but while some of the big special effects set-pieces are nicely put together, they seem as bored directing all the stuff in between as viewers will be watching it. On the other side of the camera, Sandler and James simply bounce from scene to scene delivering their shopworn material with such little effort that they somehow seem less substantial than the pixelated creatures they are battling, Monaghan is thoroughly wasted in a role that doesn't even begin to hint at the talents that they have displayed in the past in such things as the little-seen drama "Trucker" and the first season of "True Detective," and Josh Gad continues their campaign to become the single most obnoxious performer to grace movie screens in our time. On the other hand, Peter Dinklage does wind up scoring the lion's share of the laughs here with a swaggeringly silly turn that has clearly been inspired by Billy Mitchell, the obnoxious real-life gaming champion who was the subject of the documentary "The King of Kong."
Viewers of a certain age may look at "Pixels" with a degree of nostalgia, although it stands to reason that if you are old enough to feel nostalgic about playing "Donkey Kong" in the arcade, you are probably too old for an Adam Sandler film. However, when you consider how good it could have been and should have been, it has to go down as one of the season's bigger disappointments in the way that it quickly gives up the ghost(s). On the bright side, Hollywood is remaking films so quickly these days that it is only a matter of time before they get to doing this one again.
Clemson-SC game has an official name
On Saturday, Clemson University and the University of South Carolina are set to meet on the football field for the 112th time, dating back to their first gridiron encounter in 1896. One of the most storied and historic rivalries in all college football, the annual game between the state's largest public institutions has never had an official name. The athletic departments of both schools announced this week the official adoption of The Palmetto Bowl™ as the name of the game moving forward, and a trophy and logo will be developed and unveiled prior to the 2015 game.
“This is one of the premier games every year in college football, and it's a great opportunity for our institutions to increase exposure to the State of South Carolina and all the great people here,” Clemson Director of Athletics Dan Radakovich said. “To name this game The Palmetto Bowl hopefully adds to the identity of this great rivalry.”
“From ‘Big Thursday' to ‘The Palmetto Bowl,' there is so much history and tradition to showcase about this rivalry,” said South Carolina Director of Athletics Ray Tanner. “The Palmetto Bowl gives this rivalry an identity that highlights the State of South Carolina and the accomplishments of these outstanding institutions.”
The Tigers and Gamecocks kick off at 12 noon Saturday, in a contest set for broadcast on ESPN.
Poe on Programming
One of the strongest influences on my programming has always been an essay I read in my sophomore year of high school, around about the same time I began to feel the magic of programming. Mr. Carino was a young man just out of college, a Slayer fan and ardent Twain admirer, and a man who would disappear mysteriously a year later. That year, though, they gave the most electric class I've ever taken, and one of the works we read in American Literature was Edgar Allan Poe's The Philosophy of Composition.
Code As Poetry
In The Philosophy of Composition, Poe attempts to describe exactly how they composed The Raven, simply because he's never seen such an attempt before. While we might be wise to doubt their motives (as did TS Eliot), it nevertheless may be interpreted to provide solid principles for the construction of a program.
Before we do so, I must first convince you that code should be read as poetry instead of prose. Since this will always be a matter of opinion, and I know that many people will disagree, my argument will be short and simple.
When you read prose, you read it as if it is being narrated to you; whether by a narrator, a character in the story, or many characters, the distinguishing characteristic of prose is its similarity to speech. We find that it is allowed a much greater freedom of verbosity, so long as it accomplishes its goal of conveying a plot to its reader.
Poetry, on the other hand, is an abstract block of words in which every one must carry meaning if the poem is to be any good. We value the poem for the beauty not only of the story or image given, but of the way in which it is constructed as well. It tends to be much denser and more compact than prose. When you read it, you must proceed carefully and consider the meaning of each word, and each group of words, and pay attention for double meanings and allusions if you are to grasp it fully.
To help us decide how we read code, let's go to a particularly nice bit of it, and meditate on it for a moment. Did you read it as if it were speech, or poetry? Did it have a narrative "flow" for you, or was it something of an abstract block of "words"?
Of course, code is really neither prose nor poetry; it is a distinct art form of which Poe could not have been aware. I like to think that it may be read much more closely to poetry than to prose, and we will proceed from here as if this were true.
Unity of Impression
If any literary work is too long to be read at one sitting, we must be content to dispense with the immensely important effect derivable from unity of impression- for, if two sittings be required, the affairs of the world interfere, and everything like totality is at once destroyed. But since, ceteris paribus, no poet can afford to dispense with anything that may advance their design, it but remains to be seen whether there is, in extent, any advantage to counterbalance the loss of unity which attends it. Here I say no, at once. What we term a long poem is, in fact, merely a succession of brief ones- that is to say, of brief poetical effects. It is needless to demonstrate that a poem is such only inasmuch as it intensely excites, by elevating the soul; and all intense excitements are, through a psychal necessity, brief. For this reason, at least, one-half of the Paradise Lost is essentially prose- a succession of poetical excitements interspersed, inevitably, with corresponding depressions- the whole being deprived, through the extremeness of its length, of the vastly important artistic element, totality, or unity of effect.
In the first sentence of this paragraph, Poe provides an alternate metric to Yegge's metric of "code size" - that of "unity of impression". Beautiful code is that which is not composed of "a succession of brief.. poetical effects", but of just the poem. It is code without filler, bureaucracy, or artifice, regardless of how long it is.
As a practical matter, not all programs may be written in this manner. In an operating system kernel, a great deal of "corresponding depressions" — documentation, error handling, and interrupt handling — must be interspersed in between the "poetical effects", making it "essentially prose".
This does not change the fact that the Linux kernel or a BSD kernel is a thing of beauty, just as Paradise Lost is great despite "the extremeness of its length". Instead, it should give us motivation for our programs, to write them with as few depressions as possible so as not to drag down their unity of impression.
A great example of code as poetry is OpenBSD's tail1, which I referenced in a previous post. After I sat down with it for an hour, it was extremely clear to me what it did. In the beginning, it set out the patterns of code which would continue throughout, enabling me to quickly find my way to the part that mattered, despite my relative unfamiliarity with C.
It is a great strength of the Unix philosophy that each bit of code may be kept as brief, self-contained, unified, and therefore beautiful. It is a pleasure to work with tools which have been pared down to their bare bits instead of expanded to encompass ever more functionality.
Design for a Purpose
My next thought concerned the choice of an impression, or effect, to be conveyed: and here I may as well observe that throughout the construction, I kept steadily in view the design of rendering the work universally appreciable. I should be carried too far out of my immediate topic were I to demonstrate a point upon which I have repeatedly insisted, and which, with the poetical, stands not in the slightest need of demonstration- the point, I mean, that Beauty is the sole legitimate province of the poem.
If beauty is the sole province of poetry, I propose that data transformation is the sole province of the computer program. (I am not the first to do, although I cannot recall where I read it first). Therefore, when designing a program, we should at all times keep in mind the transformation which we wish to achieve, and discard all those parts which do not assist in that goal.
While this seems at first straightforward, it is important to consider that programs are designed for humans and by humans. Unlike poetry, most code is not generated by its author for the appreciation of the masses. Instead, it is designed to fulfill a purpose, specifically to achieve a certain data transformation.
Just as very few great poems were authored by multiple people, very few great programs have been authored by multiple people. If we consider long programs to be composed of many poems separated by dull bits, their great parts are almost exclusively those parts over which their maintainers have slaved to bring to a state of terse beauty.
If you must have many people working on a program, it is of the utmost importance that they all know and share an understanding of what exactly it is that the program is intended to accomplish. Without this deep shared knowledge of intent, the program will lack a single impression, or effect, to be conveyed, and likely fail to impress.
All The Rest
The length, the province, and the tone, being thus determined, I betook myself to ordinary induction
Once you have determined the length, purpose, and tone of your program, the rest is, as they say, trivial. Poe dedicates the rest of their essay to applying the principles discussed in this essay, and showing how "The Raven" falls ever so simply out of them. If you write a program while at all times keeping in mind its unity of purpose and the impression you intend to convey, perhaps you will find some beauty in it.
I hope that you will read the essay in its entirety; I'm sure that I have failed to do it justice here. Although it is of questionable merit as a method of writing the next "The Raven", perhaps it will help you think about how to write your next program.
1 pybloxsom is another, and reddit readers provide many more.
Flat-plane crank, magnetic dampers, all of Ford's performance wizardry: the 2016 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350 is packing a lot of heat. How does it stack up on track?
We don't know yet for ourselves, but from this video, it looks like things are shaping up well.
You might remember we were a bit underwhelmed by the last Shelby Mustang—the GT500. It was very competent, but lacked driver involvement. It was also very heavy and working with a variety of high-tech kludges to make its old-school suspension work.
Much of that should be changed with the upcoming GT350, which promises more than 500 hp and more than 400 lb-ft of torque from its flat-plane 5.2-liter V-8. The move to independent suspension in the new Mustang will be further aided by the addition of the MagneRide magneto-rheological dampers, and the GT350's improved aerodynamics should prove to be effective on the track.
On-track performance counts, too, as the new GT350 is really more of a successor to the BOSS 302 and its Laguna Seca edition than to the bruiser that was the GT500. Like the GT350, the BOSS 302 line used a juiced normally aspirated V-8 and ample track-tuned upgrades, including aerodynamics, to extract the maximum potential from the previous S197 platform.
Ford hasn't announced when the 2016 Mustang Shelby GT350 will hit the streets, but it's looking like it may be sooner than later.
CLOSE Amazon lowered prices on key items at Whole Foods Market, on its first day of acquisition. Here's a before-and-after comparison of five food prices. USA TODAY
Whole Foods has been taken over by Amazon and customers will see some lower prices right away. (Photo11: Whole Foods)
NEW YORK -- Amazon kept its promise Monday to lower prices on some key items at Whole Foods Market, its first day as the new owner of the chain long known as high quality but high cost.
And in another hint at how the online giant plans to integrate its new network of stores with its current operations, banners started showing up to cross-promote other Amazon products. At one store, the display offered discounts on the Amazon Echo home connectivity system.
Mostly, the first day of Amazon's $13.7-billion acquisition of Whole Foods was decidedly low key. The big difference was the prices. Here, for instance, are examples from a midtown Manhattan store on Monday:
Whole Trade bananas -- 49 cents per pound , down 38% from 79 cents
Organic Fuji apples -- $1.99 per pound, reduced 43% from $3.49.
Organic large brown eggs -- $3.99 per dozen, a cut of 7% from $4.29.
"Animal-welfare-rated" 85% lean ground beef -- $4.99 pound, down 29% from $6.99.
Organic rotisserie chicken -- $9.99 each, also pared 29% compared to $13.99 before.
Whole Foods has for years been mocked as "Whole Paycheck" for its high prices, but Wall Street has already pickup up on the changes that are afoot.
The price cuts are "the first salvo in what we believe will be a period of heavy promotions throughout the grocery industry" as competitors try to figure out how to keep their own customers loyal while making money, said Moody's retail analyst Charlie O'Shea.. They predict larger players, like Walmart, will be able to make it through.
Butchers formed the Amazon logo out of ground beef, which got a new, lower price, at the Whole Foods Market in the Playa Vista section of Los Angeles (Photo11: Chris Woodyard. USA TODAY)
"As we have seen multiple times and in multiple product segments, Amazon has the advantage of not facing the same scrutiny surrounding its profitability from its shareholders as other competitors, and we believe the company will continue to exploit this in the grocery segment," O'Shea said.
Then there is Amazon's chance to sell non-grocery items, the synergy with its huge online sales operation. A large sign at the front of one of the Manhattan stores read "Farm Fresh/Pick of the season" to advertise a sale on Echo and the Echo Dot. The two-way wireless smart speakers were going for $99.99, down from $179.99; and $44.99, down from $49.99; respectively.
Amazon's expansion beyond more traditional Whole Foods grocery items didn't shock Forrester technology analyst James McQuivey. The Seattle-based online seller has determined that people who buy its devices, like Echos and Fire tablets, spend more money and more often, they said. Getting Whole Foods devotees to buy the hardware is a way to recruit new customers for its primary platform -- the Web site.
"The only thing that's surprising is that they went in on day one," they said. "You might think you don't want to annoy traditional Whole Foods buyers."
Related:
Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wMcSTs
EDMONTON – For some, Edmonton may be the land of “opertunity.” At least, that's what some flawed city signs are saying.
The signs, advertising City of Edmonton land sales, advertise a “multi family opertunity” to any interested buyers.
The signs are located near the Belvedere LRT station. To add to the embarrassment, the web address on some of the signs leads any interested users to a dead link.
@doniveson looks bad when we spell things wrong on our own signs…. Doesn't shout confidence pic.twitter.com/m8MLNZnDbD — Teej (@teej_85) September 25, 2015
Mayor Don Iveson wasn't thrilled with the signs. The mayor, just back in town after a Canadian mayor's conference in Toronto, tweeted their frustration Friday.
@doniveson we are already in the process of removing this sign and addressing these errors with the vendor. (cc: this tweet thread) — City of Edmonton (@CityofEdmonton) September 25, 2015
The city will be removing the signs Friday. By 11 a.m. crews were already at the site removing or altering them.
“The errors were brought to our attention yesterday and we've been working with the sign vendor to address it immediately,” said a city spokesperson in a statement. “This was an unfortunate mistake in a small print run of signs, and we are looking into how it happened in this case.”
Related Welcome to Edmonton signs targeted by vandals
“We understand that errors like these are highly visible and impact the city's image, and because of that, citizens feel very strongly about them, and we take them very seriously.”
For the record, the word is spelled “opportunity.”
Colin Babiuk, a public relations instructor at MacEwan University, said there seems to have been a lapse in the proof-reading process.
“Where that took place, I'm not really sure. Is it the sign company themselves who just put those pieces on the sign or did somebody at the city actually see that?”
So, what does the mistake mean for the city?
“It kind of has an impact on your credibility,” said Babiuk.
“Being a professional organization such as the city, you'd expect that things would be spelled correctly.”
However, Babiuk thinks officials handling the incident the right way.
“Don Iveson with their tweets… he's addressing the issue,” they explained. “The way he's engaged in social media and kind of acknowledging it and having a little bit of fun with it themselves I think is the right thing to do in this situation.”
“It's a typo,” Babiuk added. “These things happen and you clean it up as soon as you can.”
IOWA CITY — One of the earliest photographs of Iowa City's Old Capitol is an 1854 daguerreotype showing the stately limestone building — now the heart of a bustling college town — as it once was, a grand, but solitary structure, surrounded by white picket fence and dirt roads.
This image, and many others of its time, are featured in a new exhibit, “Faces of Iowa Through the Early Lens,” at the Old Capitol Museum in Iowa City.
The exhibit, which runs through May 20, is about early photography, but it's also about the photographers who lived and worked in Iowa City, capturing images of the growing city and its citizens. The main photographer featured is Isaac Wetherby, a painter who bought their first camera in 1841 and later opened a photo studio in downtown Iowa City.
Kathrine Moermond, education and outreach coordinator for the Old Capitol Museum, collaborated on the exhibit with Marybeth Slonneger, an Iowa City historian who wrote the book, “Wetherby's Gallery: Painting, Daguerreotypes & Ambrotypes of an Artist.” Moermond read the book soon after its release in 2006 and was struck by how Wetherby's records of who they photographed told a broader story.
“It was Iowa City's history,” they said.
There are tintype “gems,” postage-stamp size photos, of Iowa soldiers heading off to fight in the Civil War. There also are photos of William and Hannah Maxon, who provided shelter near Springdale for John Brown, an American abolitionist who made trips through Iowa to help slaves escape to Canada. A photo of a rare 1864 Abraham Lincoln campaign banner, painted by Wetherby, shows the banner may have been recycled because “Hamlin,” Lincoln's 1860 running mate, is visible under the name “Johnson.”
The UI exhibit has a kids' wall with dozens of black-and-white studio portraits showing adorable, if unsmiling, children Wetherby photographed in their nicest clothes, undoubtedly to make their parents happy.
Some particularly fragile photos and items will appear in shorter rotations. From Nov. 3-19, the museum will display the images of Esther L. Worden, including what curators believe is the first photograph taken in Iowa City, around 1846.
Some of Wetherby's equipment, donated by their daughter, Carrie, to the State Historical Society of Iowa, is on display in the UI exhibit. A nine-lens plate was used in the 1880s to make multiple exposures of the same image, rather like “wallet” photos. Wetherby's Ideal Portrait Lens No. 2 by Burke and James from the 1890s still has its original box.
Visitors to the UI exhibit can experiment with a NeoLucida, a modern drawing aid modeled after the camera lucida Wetherby used. The devices use mirrors and angles to cast the superimposed image of a nearby object — in the UI exhibit, a vase of flowers — onto paper for tracing.
Even with photography's growing popularity in Wetherby's time, portraits and other paintings still were quite popular, Moermond said.
“When their son, Charles, took over the photography business, Isaac Wetherby went back to painting,” they said.
IF YOU GO
What: Faces of Iowa Through the Early Lens, an exhibit of early photography
Where: Keyes Gallery for Arts, Humanities & Sciences in the Old Capitol Museum, 21 Old Capitol, Iowa City
When: Through May 2
Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday; 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday
Cost: Free
l Comments: (319) 339-3157; erin.jordan@thegazette.com
Toronto mayor Rob Ford follows in the footsteps of one of the city's great traditions.
Here's a guy who has admitted to smoking crack (let's be honest though: how else is they supposed to stay awake during those city council meetings?), often found themselves in “drunken stupors” (if this doesn't make them more identifiable with the common man, I don't what will) and vehemently denied being in the company of prostitutes because he's supposedly “got plenty to eat” at home (and he's definitely not talking about eating a salad). Plus, on top of all that, he's repeatedly said that they won't step down in the wake of all this controversy swirling around him, and that he'll just “take some time off” from being in office. That kind of blind optimism and unfounded confidence mirrors the attitude of Mr. Ford's favorite hockey team, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
There are many similarities that can be drawn between the current unraveling of Mayor Ford and a Maple Leafs franchise that is still unraveling forty-six years after their last championship. In fact, the team's communication with its fans during their Cup drought has sounded eerily like Ford's postulation with the media over the last two weeks. On the one hand, you have the bold-face lies, like telling your supporters that you're a “playoff team” when Vesa Toskala is your starting goalie – for me, that's just as bad as denying the existence of crack-smoking video evidence. On the other hand, you have the remorseful public apologies (I'm looking at you Brian Burke) where both representatives from the team and the incumbent Mr. Ford have repeatedly uttered the phrase “I'm not perfect”. No, we get that no one's perfect, that's not what the public wants – they just want competence. That's it. Apparently, this cry for competence translated into two things: 1) the Leafs trading their best goalie prospect (a guy who'd later appear in two Stanley Cup Finals with the Boston Bruins) for a netminder who played bad enough that Ron Wilson thought “I'd rather give that guy Toskala more playing time”, and 2) publicly imply that your rampant drinking problem somehow excuses your rampant crack problem.
Seems legit, right?
Rob Ford is deeply etched into the fabric of Toronto's cultural identity, for they too have struggled with Toronto's now habitual NHL mediocrity. Remember in 2006, when Ford (then Etobicoke counsellor) got thrown out of a Leafs' home game for being drunk and disorderly? Say what you want about the man's conduct, but I think they were merely personifying the two adjectives that best described what Toronto looked like on the ice against playoff-caliber competition that year, and every other year. Even when they make the playoffs (like last season), and have a lead with less than half of the third period of Game 7 of their first round series to go (again, last season), they can't even cross the finish line without collapsing due to ineptitude. I mean, I'm from Montreal, and our team hasn't won a damn thing in twenty years, but at least they don't tease us like that.
For Toronto fans, I can't imagine what it's like to have a team let you down and, just when you think it's over, they hit another gear and you're suddenly in the sub-sub-basement of sports enthusiasm. No, wait – actually I can. It's like having a crackhead mayor who, just when you think they can't possibly embarrass your city any more, they start talking about cunnilingus. To reporters. With cameras rolling. And they thought this was a good idea. Overall, you can see how Rob Ford is basically the human incarnation of the Maple Leafs, minus the dignity and a trademarked logo.
Thanks for reading. You can follow me on Twitter @aFishCalledMatt. While you're at it, why not give the site a follow too – @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
In my Lego profile I told my gifters I was going to try to make accessible instructions for Blind Lego enthusiasts. I requested my gifter put the kits together if they had the time so that I could take them apart and make text instructions, since I am blind as well. My gifter more than met expectations. I received 3 kits. two small kits which are perfect for trying to write instructions and not to simple. The first is a truck with dumpster that you can turn a nob to drop the dumpster off the back. The second seems to be a swamp boat of some kind and has a lot of cool parts. The third kit is a much larger one. My wife had to help put them back together they might be great for picking up trash or running the swamps but when they hit the mail it was as if they got caught in a hurricane.
The third kit is a more difficult kit and I think I might have trouble writing accessible instructions for it. That is OK though because this will help me show how hard making instructions for some of t hese higher difficulty kits are. It is a pretty cool kit though because it has a couple pull cord racing cars and parts that flap when you turn a lever.
These kits were exactly what I was hoping for and my gifter went out of their way to do extra work putting the small kits together for me even if the mail tried to take them appart.
My wife said they will post pictures of all three and once I get the numbers of the kits I will post them as well.
I want to thank my gifter for all the hard work put into getting a perfect gift.
Did you download apps on your new gadget last week? You're not alone. According to data from mobile analytics firm Flurry, people downloaded 1.2 billion iOS and Android apps between Dec. 25 and Dec. 31.
The week before Christmas, from Dec. 18 to Dec. 24, was already a record-breaking period, with approximately 857 million app downloads. But after everyone unwrapped their new smartphones and tablets on Christmas morning, that record was quickly broken.
"The final week of the year, between Christmas and New Year's Day, grew by 60 percent over the early-December baseline, historically punching through the billion download barrier for the first time ever to deliver 1.2 billion downloads," Flurry said in a blog post.
Most of those activations, or 509 million, came from the United States, followed by China with 99 million and the U.K. with 81 million. Rounding out the top five were Canada (41 million) as well as Germany and France, which both saw 40 million downloads.
Christmas Day was the largest single-activation day of the year, with 242 million downloads, Flurry revealed last week, up from an average of 108 million per day during the first 20 days of December and 150 million on Christmas Eve.
Flurry tracked approximately 6.8 million iOS and Android device activations during the last week of December, meanwhile. Last week, Google revealed that there were 3.7 million Android activations on Dec. 24 and Dec. 25.
Still not sure what to download? Check out PCMag's roundup of the best apps for your new smartphone or Kindle Fire or Nook device.
For more from Chloe, follow them on Twitter @ChloeAlbanesius.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
Ruh-Roh… 46% of Massachusetts Voters Don't Want Fauxahontas Warren Re-Elected
Bad News for Fake Indian
A new poll from Massachusetts finds 46% of voters do not want Fauxahontas Elizabeth Warren re-elected.
The Republican governor has a higher favorability rating than Elizabeth Warren.
Mass Live reported:
Asked whether Sen. Elizabeth Warren deserves re-election in 2018, 46 percent of Mass. registered voters said someone else should get a shot at the job, according to a new poll from WBUR/MassINC Polling Group. Forty-four percent of poll respondents said they deserve re-election. Ten percent said they didn't know or were undecided. Warren, D-Mass., has a favorable rating of 51 percent, while 37 percent have a generally unfavorable view of them President Obama and Gov. Charlie Baker received higher favorable ratings, 66 percent and 59 percent, respectively.
The pro-Trump super PAC that vowed an ad campaign against Nevada Republican Sen. Dean Heller within hours of them on Friday opposing the GOP's ObamaCare overhaul bill previewed its attack Saturday on social media.
“Why did @SenDeanHeller lie to voters about #RepealAndReplace? He's now with @NancyPelosi. NOT GOOD! #HellerVotesYes,” tweeted America First Policies, run by former President Trump and Vice President Pence campaign staffers.
The group has bought $1 million worth of traditional ads (typically TV and radio) and is expected to start running them next week in Nevada, in addition to a digital ad campaign.
Heller is one of five GOP senators opposing the bill. The chamber has 52 GOP senators. Leaders of the GOP-controlled chamber need 51 votes to pass their ObamaCare bill. That means a maximum of two can defect, and that would require Pence to cast the deciding vote in what would be a 50-50 tie with Senate Democrats.
Heller is up for re-election in 2018 and is considered one of the most vulnerable GOP senators.
"Obamacare is collapsing. This is a crisis for the American people. There is no excuse for any Republican or Democrat to oppose the Senate health care bill outright," group President Brian Walsh said Friday. "Senator Heller ... appears to be heading down a path with Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer and the radical left."
The other GOP senators who oppose the bill are Sens. Ted Cruz, Texas; Ron Johnson, Wisconsin; Mike Lee, Utah; and Rand Paul, Kentucky.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., released the bill Thursday, which awaits a financial analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and a floor vote by as early as next week.
“This bill currently in front of the United States Senate is not the answer.” Heller said Friday. “In this form, I will not support it.”
When Will the U.S. Go the Way of Rome?
When do you suppose the citizens of imperial Rome first realized that their way of life had tipped into inexorable decline?
A few foresaw the impact of Caesar's usurpation of the rule of law, marking their ascension as the beginning of the end. Many more sounded the alarm when Rome's fiscal balance spiraled out of control, debts multiplying faster than the ability to extract taxes from a dwindling base of productive citizens. The plebeian masses, accustomed to bread and circuses, were probably oblivious until Rome was finally sacked. Everything was fine yesterday, how did these barbarians arrive at our gates?
A strange sign of the times has begun traversing America's rural byways. The sole purpose of this giant machine is to grind up paved roads leaving behind a trail of chopped asphalt and gravel. Strapped county administrators are throwing in the towel, unable to maintain their road systems absent the flow of largess cut off from near bankrupt state and federal agencies. Instead of reducing their carbon footprint by driving ecologically friendly electric cars these people will soon be riding horses. The Sierra Club must be thrilled.
Large parts of Detroit are returning to the wild as abandoned sections of the city succumb to bulldozers. Homes whose purchases were made possible by an unsustainable conflux of bloated union wages, liar's loan mortgages, and easy Federal money are disappearing faster than Barney Frank can say "roll the dice."
The response to these signs of decline? Our own aspiring Caesar and their phalanx of facilitators promises more, not less. Free healthcare for all! Free cash for not working! Buy a car, buy a house, get a check! Bottomless subsidies are being shoveled at environmental impresarios promising to save us from invisible gas by covering the land with windmills and algae farms. Court economists scream that things will keep getting worse unless we tax, borrow, and spend our way back to prosperity.
Pay no attention to that deficit behind the curtain! The "rich" will foot the bill! Inequality is the root of all evil! The malefactors of wealth that caused our misery will be brought to heel! Every business that puts profits before people will be loaded with mandates, rules and regulations guaranteed to make life fair!
Alas, there is one thing that life has never been and will never be. Fair.
The other day while out to dinner with a number of tech investors and entrepreneurs the conversation turned to a disturbing subject. "What is your back-up country?" These people weren't kidding. Property was being purchased. Contingency plans were being made.
What will it take to make most people realize that the grand American experiment is tottering on the brink? The destruction of their life savings? The nationalization of vast industries? The high seas teaming with pirates? A humiliating military defeat at the hands of primitives in a far off land?
Today's barbarians don't catapult rocks at city walls. They hurl airplanes at skyscrapers. They blow themselves up on trains and buses. They hunt down merchant ships afraid to arm themselves. Turning our own technology against us they fashion atomic bombs that can reduce a city to rubble a lot faster than a horde of marauding Visigoths.
Calling for a new world order subservient to the will of their desert god their teeming faithful don't need to invade in order to conquer. Why bother when their victims invite them to move in, collect welfare, and crank out babies? They fill the cities of emasculated Europe torching cars on weekends as a form of recreational protest that is not only tolerated but excused. All the while their clerics preach hatred for the host countries that welcomed them.
A society that consumes more than it produces, rewarding the former and punishing the latter, is not sustainable. A society that feels entitled to the good life without understanding where it comes from is delusional, rendering itself incapable of solving problems. A society sapped of vigor, constantly apologizing for its way of life while extending moral equivalence to medievalism, cannot compete. A society that refuses to label sworn enemies as such, responding to each new insult with an olive branch, will never be respected much less feared. A society that gives up defending its way of life physically, morally, and intellectually will not last long in a hostile world.
Rome was the peak of civilization for a thousand years. Will American find the strength to make it to 300?
A La Crosse man suspected of underage drinking is accused of fleeing a traffic stop with a police officer inside their vehicle.
An Onalaska officer said they could smell alcohol after pulling over Ryan Lichtie about 12:40 a.m. Saturday for driving through a stop sign at Vilas Street and 10th Avenue North in Onalaska, according to a police report.
While being arrested, Lichtie, 19, managed to get back into their car, police said. One officer grabbed their arm, then a second officer jumped into the vehicle on the driver's side, the report stated.
Lichtie drove about 1 1/2 blocks at about 10 to 15 mph with the officer on top of him, according to the report, then stopped and attempted to kick and punch the officer.
The other officer caught up with the vehicle and hit Lichtie with a Taser in the lower abdomen when they continued to fight, the report stated. They were taken to Gundersen Lutheran Medical Center after hyperventilating.
Lichtie was arrested on suspicion of recklessly endangering safety, escape, fleeing, obstructing, failure to comply with an officer's attempt to take a person into custody, six counts of bail jumping, underage consumption and failure to stop at a stop sign.
They had been out on $450 cash bond in a March misdemeanor case that accuses them of charging a La Crosse police officer while intoxicated.
Lichtie “doesn't have two brain cells between their ears” when drinking, La Crosse County Circuit Judge Ramona Gonzalez said during their brief court appearance Monday.
Lichtie will return to court May 11.
Series overview
This is the third in a series of blog posts about the process and experience of creating and publishing our “RateTheApp” widget in an Android Library.
The series as a whole will look something like this:
In this post, we'll look at how to distribute your Library using JCenter.
Sit back and wait?
Once you've open sourced your library, you might be tempted to sit back and wait for the world to realise how brilliant you've been and for your library to go viral.
However, back in the real world, you realise that no-one has noticed that your wonderful library has landed. Or maybe they've seen it but don't seem motivated to try it out (developers are a lazy bunch by nature and any barriers to adoption you can remove the better).
You need a way of getting your library into the hands of developers that doesn't require any effort on their part.
In this blog post, I'll be describing how to “distribute your library” so that it is laughably simple for developers to start using it. In fact, it is so simple they can just try it out, on a whim almost, before deciding whether to stick with it.
Now they've got NO excuse for not using your wonderful library.
Gradle
Most Android developers will be developing their apps using Android Studio which uses Gradle, an advanced build toolkit, to automate and manage the build process.
Including your Android library can be as simple as including the following one-liner in your project!
dependencies { compile 'uk.co.brightec.ratetheapp:rate-the-app:0.9.1' }
NB. If you want to know how it all works, I got my information from this excellent blog post which explains things in a lot more detail.
Gradle Repository
There are two main repositories that are generally used; JCenter (hosted by Bintray) and the older Maven Central.
In this post, I'll be describing the process for distributing your library through JCenter which is the default repository for new projects created in Android Studio.
The basic process will be to:
Create an account on Bintray and create a new package ready to receive your library
Prepare your Android Studio project and then build arr and pom files
Upload project files to Bintray
Sync to JCenter
Steps to distribute your library
1. Create an account and register a new package on Bintray
Register for an account on bintray.com and click the activation email they send you.
Add a new Maven repository and click Create New Package
You should now have a maven repository. For instance: https://bintray.com/brightec/maven
2. Prepare your Android Studio project
Apply the Bintray plugin to your project - add the following dependencies to your project build.gradle file
dependencies { classpath 'com.jfrog.bintray.gradle:gradle-bintray-plugin:1.4' classpath 'com.github.dcendents:android-maven-gradle-plugin:1.3' }
Define your Bintray username and apikey in a local.properties file (note your API Key should be kept secret so don't commit your local.properties file to GitHub)
bintray.user=brightec bintray.apikey=<your bintray apikey>
Modify library module build.gradle file to include Bintray repo name etc.
ext { bintrayRepo = 'maven' bintrayName = 'rate-the-app' publishedGroupId = 'uk.co.brightec.ratetheapp' libraryName = 'RateTheApp' artifact = 'rate-the-app' libraryDescription = 'RateTheApp is an Android component that allows users to rate your app prompting them for further action depending on the rating they gave.' siteUrl = 'https://github.com/brightec/RateTheApp-Android' gitUrl = 'https://github.com/brightec/RateTheApp-Android.git' libraryVersion = '0.9.1' developerId = 'nickh' developerName = 'Nick Holcombe' developerEmail = 'nick@brightec.co.uk' licenseName = 'The Apache Software License, Version 2.0' licenseUrl = 'http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt' allLicenses = ["Apache-2.0"] }
Fork JCenter repo to get access to the installation scripts e.g. https://github.com/brightec/JCenter
Add the following to the end of the library module build.gradle file to access the installation scripts you just forked
// Place it at the end of the file apply from: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brightec/JCenter/master/installv1.gradle' apply from: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brightec/JCenter/master/bintrayv1.gradle'
3. Build arr and pom files and upload them to Bintray space
From the terminal sudo ./gradlew install sudo ./gradlew bintrayUpload
If all went well, you should be able to use the code from your private Maven repository on Bintray. Test it out in a new Android Project and update your build.gradle file.
repositories { maven { url 'https://dl.bintray.com/brightec/maven' } } dependencies { compile 'uk.co.brightec.ratetheapp:ratetheapp:0.9.1' }
But you don't want developers to have to use your private repo - they'll already be using JCenter - so we need to set that up next
4. Sync Bintray user repository to JCenter
As the blog instructions say “It is pretty easy to sync your library to JCenter. Just go to the web interface and simply click at Add to JCenter”. Once you have done that, you'll have to wait 2-3 hours to let the Bintray team approve your request - you'll get an email letting you know when that's done.
Once approved, you should see the Linked to (1) section on Bintray has a link to JCenter. You can check whether your package is on JCenter by going to http://jcenter.bintray.com and navigating to the directory you setup. For example; http://jcenter.bintray.com/uk/co/brightec/ratetheapp/ratetheapp/
Two warnings from the blog post I was following:
“Please note that linking to JCenter is a one-time action. From now on, if you do any modification in your package, for example, upload new version binary, delete old version binary, etc. The change would affect to JCenter as well. Anyway since your own repository and JCenter are at the different place so you may need to wait for around 2-3 minutes to let JCenter sync the change.”
“And please be careful. If you decide to remove the whole package, library files placed on JCenter repository would not be deleted in this case. And they will be left just like zombie files which nobody could delete it anymore. So I suggest you that if you want to delete the whole package, please delete every single version from web interface first before removing the package.”
Finally, let developers know
From now on, any developer that uses the JCenter() repository will be able to use our library with a single line of Gradle script.
dependencies { compile 'uk.co.brightec.ratetheapp:rate-the-app:0.9.1' }
So, don't forget to update your README file on GitHub showing how (easily) your library can be installed and used.
As we said earlier, now the developers of the world have NO excuse for not using your wonderful library…
...assuming, of course, your library was worth using in the first place!
After I finished my treatments, months passed and my cancer did not return. According to my doctors, the longer I went without a recurrence, the less likely I was to have one. That meant my odds of survival were not a static 9 percent, as I'd thought, but actually increased over time. By November 2015, I had gone 19 months with no evidence of the disease, and based on the calculations of a physicist friend of mine, my odds of survival were 70 percent. The chances were high — very high — that I would beat my cancer for good.
Around Christmas of that year, however, I began to have trouble eating. One night, shortly after a small meal, I started to feel the sensation of being repeatedly stabbed in the belly with a knife. I had to go to the emergency room, for the first of several hospital stays. Soon, I was no longer able to eat solid foods, only protein shakes, and after a while I couldn't even drink those anymore. I was living on 700 calories a day, and at 5 feet 10, I saw my weight drop to 105 pounds. Walking took enormous effort, and my starvation coincided with a seemingly never-ending battery of CT scans, ultrasounds, X-rays, procedures and biopsies, until my cancer's return was confirmed.
It had not returned when my chance of recurrence was high but when it finally became low. So the fact that my outlook had become rosy meant nothing in the end. My surgeon had been right to say that the numbers weren't predictive — neither when they were against me nor, unfortunately, when they were in my favor.
In retrospect, I'd used survival rates not as a piece of information, but as a coping mechanism. I'd used them to measure the amount of hope I could give rope to. They'd allowed for my otherwise unjustifiable optimism to feel rooted in reality. Deep down, every cancer patient wants to believe they are going to make it, and the survival rate is the blunt, messy tool we use to convince ourselves.
However, cancer does not respect the rational nature of numbers. It operates within its own cruel logic. Nowhere is this truer than in the way cancer is treated today. Stage 4 cancer used to be pretty much a death sentence to all patients; the rise of immunotherapy has turned the battle against the disease into a wheel of fortune in which some people continue to die while others live longer and a few achieve seemingly miraculous long-term remission.
In one trial, patients with advanced melanoma who received immunotherapy had a response rate of about 50 percent to 60 percent. But that's not true for most patients with solid tumors. In a recent clinic trial for the drug Opdivo, for instance, only 14 percent of stomach cancer participants benefited.
My 10-year-old niece recently saw one of the $2 bills that I carry in my wallet. She'd never seen one before, and asked me if they could have it. I hesitated, wondering if I was going to have to either dispense with some good luck, or saddle them with the opposite. But the hesitation passed, and I handed them the note.
Welcome back to the Rocket Talk podcast! In this week's podcast episode, Justin is visited by regular guest, Sam Sykes and first time guest, Tiffany Reisz. The trio discuss sex scenes, including a live reading of one of Joe Abercrombie's sexual liaisons in their novel, Best Served Cold. Their conversation moves on to discuss why sex scenes can be rejected in some types of fiction and embraced in others.
Note: This episode of Rocket Talk contains explicit language.
Sam Sykes is the author of the Bring Down Heaven series from Orbit Books. The first book, A City Stained Red, is out now, and its sequel, The Mortal Tally, will be available later this year. They own a pug named Otis, lives in Arizona, and tweets a lot.
Tiffany Reisz is the author of the internationally bestselling and award-winning Original Sinners series for Mira Books (Harlequin/Mills & Boon). Tiffany's books inhabit a sexy shadowy world where romance, erotica and literature meet and do immoral and possibly illegal things to each other. They describe their genre as “literary friction.” They live in Portland, Oregon and also tweets a lot.
Rocket Talk, Episode 60 (56:50)
On a mobile device or want to save the podcast for later?
Listen to Episode 60: Sam Sykes and Tiffany Reisz
Get Rocket Talk on iTunes
Get the Rocket Talk feed
Also! If you have an idea for an episode of Rocket Talk or would like to come on as a guest, reach out to Justin Landon at [email protected]. Obviously, we can't accommodate everyone, but we're always looking for new ideas and fresh perspectives. You can find all of the episodes of Rocket Talk on Tor.com here.
When printing, select LANDSCAPE and enable background colors for the best results.
Drums Along the Rockies - Boise Edition Tuesday, July 11, 2017 - Boise, ID Chief Judge: Michael Stone
World Class General Effect 1 General Effect 2 Visual Analysis Music - Analysis Music - Percussion Sub
Total Penalties Total M. Stone G. Howarth J. Orefice J. Bell M. Griffin M. Canote Rep Perf Tot Rep Perf Tot Comp Achv Tot Cont Achv Tot Cont Achv Tot Pen Blue Devils 85 1 82 1 16.70 1 82 1 80 1 16.20 1 85 1 83 1 16.80 1 83 1 81 1 16.40 1 84 1 80 1 16.40 1 82.500 1 0 82.500 1 Blue Knights 76 2 74 2 15.00 2 78 2 75 2 15.30 2 78 2 76 2 15.40 2 78 2 75 2 15.30 2 81 2 79 2 16.00 2 77.000 2 0 77.000 2 Mandarins 75 3 71 3 14.60 3 75 3 70 3 14.50 3 75 3 72 3 14.70 3 75 3 72 3 14.70 3 71 3 67 3 13.80 3 72.300 3 0 72.300 3 Pacific Crest 67 5 68 4 13.50 4 71 4 69 4 14.00 4 72 4 68 4 14.00 4 69 5 67 5 13.60 5 67 5 62 6 12.90 5 68.000 4 0 68.000 4 Oregon Crusaders 65 6 64 5 12.90 6 70 5 68 5 13.80 5 68 6 65 6 13.30 6 71 4 68 4 13.90 4 70 4 65 4 13.50 4 67.400 5 0 67.400 5 Seattle Cascades 68 4 63 6 13.10 5 68 6 65 6 13.30 6 70 5 66 5 13.60 5 68 6 65 6 13.30 6 65 6 63 5 12.80 6 66.100 6 0 66.100 6
* Total reflects factored subcaptions
One hot pepper list to rule them all…
Just like grapes grown for wine, hot peppers are incredibly complex. There are multiple varieties that come in unique shapes, flavors, and, of course, heat. It's our goal to help you traverse this wide world of spiciness, and it all starts with the Scoville scale through which the heat is measured. Our hot pepper list brings that famous pepper scale to life in many ways.
It allows you to see the heat from mild to hot, as well as get an idea of what that heat is like via our jalapeño reference point. We show you how much hotter (or milder) a hot pepper could be from the jalapeño – a chili most everyone has tried. We find it to be a great way to bring the big numbers on the Scoville scale into perspective.
To read more about a chili pepper, click on its name to view PepperScale's full profile on the pepper. Use the advanced search to filter chilies by name (for instance, type “habanero” to see a list of habaneros currently covered by PepperScale.) You can also filter by region to see where chilies hail from (it's literally around the globe.)
Scroll to the bottom of our hot pepper list to view a glossary of key terms.
Hot Pepper List Glossary:
SHU: Scoville heat units. The units by which the Scoville scale is measured (read more about them here). It is the key numerical value of our (or any) hot pepper list.
Min/Max SHU: Even individual hot peppers have a range of heat, depending on where they are grown, how long they've matured, and even the amount of sun they've received. The minimum SHU is the mildest a pepper could be, the maximum SHU is the hottest possible for the variety.
Heat: Mild, Medium, Hot, or Scorching-Hot. You get the picture. This is the simplest way to explore our hot pepper list and get an idea of where things sit. Note – “Medium” is plenty hot here. It contains the likes of jalapeños and cayenne peppers which many with milder tastes find very spicy.
JalRP: Jalapeño reference point. Built to give you a perspective of how hot these peppers really are by comparing them against a reference point most everyone has tried. A negative number (like -50) means the number of times the pepper is milder. A zero (0) means equal heat. Any positive numbers show the number of times that the pepper is hotter than a jalapeño.
Origin: Where the chili pepper has its roots. Try typing an origin into the search filter to see all chilies from that region.
You know that old adage about being a coach on the field? Rarely has it been personified better than by Florida cornerback Vernon Hargreaves III. The son of Houston linebackers coach Vernon Hargreaves and now a sophomore consensus preseason first-team All-American for the Gators, Hargreaves has emerged as Florida's unquestioned leader in the secondary.
During fall camp, Hargreaves frequently took over and basically did Travaris Robinson's job as the defensive backs coach at various points in different drills. Robinson was more than content to let Florida's most recognizable star do their thing, standing back and nodding approval while occasionally giving some additional input.
"I guess I gained their trust from last year playing," Hargreaves said. "I understand the defense, and I feel like it's my job to get the younger players ready. So I kind of take it upon myself to tell what I see, tell them how I would play it, give them advice. They trust me."
Hargreaves and the Gators will get their first test against Paul Petrino's passing game at Idaho on Saturday in the Swamp. Fans should get an early chance to see Hargreaves' coaching pay dividends, with several freshmen expected to play in the secondary.
Nintendo's president Satoru Iwata has addressed some of the issues faced by the Wii U upon its launch. In a Nintendo Direct video posted to the company's Japanese site, Iwata acknowledges the inconveniences caused by the system's slow performance for tasks like switching between applications, as well as the long update required to unlock all online functionality, and says the company will work to address the issues. No timeframe was given for any possible patch.
On a slightly less negative note for Nintendo, Iwata also apologized for the low supplies of the Wii U Premium Set in Japan, and said that stock is being replenished each week. It seems the Wii U's launch issues haven't prevented the system selling fairly briskly in its first few weeks — hopefully Nintendo acts quickly to fix the remaining problems.
Shocking riots in Paris during the French presidential election Mon, April 24, 2017 Demonstrators clash with riot police after partial results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, in Paris Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 12 A member of feminist activist group Femen is detained by a police officer as they protest against French presidential election candidate Marine Le Pen
Riot police continue to engage in violent clashes with anti fascist groups who seemingly cannot accept the result of the public vote - which shows Mr Macron won 23.3 per cent of support compared to Ms Le Pen's estimated 21.7 per cent. Reports say tear gas has been used against the hundreds of protesters, who have also been struck with battens.
It appears a peaceful left-wing protest was taken over by more radical leftists, who are intent on engaging in violence. Pictures show protesters armed with pieces of wood charging at police and throwing a volley of missiles. Initial polling data shows Ms Le Pen and Mr Macron will face off in the final round of voting, which takes place on May 7.
RUPTLY Violent clashes with French riot police are taking place in Paris
RUPTLY Anti-fascists clash with police after French Election first round result
by ROBERT BECKHUSEN
Viking warriors storm into the torch-lit camp of a rival clan. Outnumbered, the ambushed Norsemen are far from their boats. Their one goal: flee to a nearby castle while keeping their king alive.
At first glance, Hnefatafl (prounounced “nef-ah-tah-fel”) might just look like a knock-off version of chess with Norse helms and impressive beards, but the game is at least 600 years older—already well-known by 400 A.D.—and is perhaps a lot more relevant to the conflicts of the 21st century.
“I love the asymmetry in this game. To win in this game, you absolutely have to think like your opponent,” emails Kristan Wheaton, a former Army foreign area officer and ex-analyst at U.S. European Command's Intelligence Directorate. “Geography, force structure, force size and objectives are different for the two sides. If you can't think like your opponent, you can't win. I don't know of a better analogy for post-Cold War conflict.”
The game is similar to chess, but with several important differences. Instead of two identical and equal opponents facing each other, Hnefatafl is a game where one side is surrounded and outnumbered—like a Viking war party caught in an ambush.
The game might seem unbalanced. The attacking black player has 24 total pieces—known as “hunns”—to white's meager and surrounded 12 hunns. But white has several advantages.
White has an additional unique unit, a king, which must be surrounded on four horizontal sides to be captured. Hunns require being surrounded on two sides, and that's pretty hard by itself. White's goal is also simple: move the king to one of four corner squares known as “castles.” Black's goal is to stop them.
Other rules? All pieces move like chess rooks. Black makes the first move. Black cannot occupy a castle, which would end the game in short order. But black can block off several castles by moving quickly, forming the equivalent of a medieval shield wall.
“If the king goes as hard as they can as early as they can for the corner and the other side is not really on its toes, the non-king side typically loses in just a few turns,” adds Wheaton, who now teaches intelligence studies at Mercyhurst University. “Among experienced players, however, this rarely happens.”
Hnefatafl starting positions with four corner castles. Kenneth Beckhusen/War is Boring photo
If lines are solid, they have to be flanked. Thus, it's in black's interest to force a symmetrical battle to force a likely win. If white can avoid engaging in a battle on black's terms, then white's chances of winning improve.
This was especially true at the time period this game was played, when battles were largely skirmishes and sieges, and before heavy cavalry arrived on the scene. Two warring sides would sit opposite each other, hacking away until the loser was either exhausted or flanked.
“Hnefatafl seems to teach a number of lessons to young Viking warriors,” Wheaton explains. “For example, it takes two soldiers to ‘kill' an enemy (elementary battle tactics?), the king is the most important piece on the board (reinforcing the social order?), and, surrounded and cut off, it is easier (in novice games) for the smaller force to win (morale booster?). Someone analyzing the Vikings might learn a good bit about how they fight and what they value (and what they fear) by playing this game.”
That's how, Wheaton notes, the game gives insight for generals, diplomats and spies tasked with fighting, besting—or at least—understanding what an enemy or rival thinks.
Hnefatafl is a Viking's worst case scenario: Outnumbered, cut off from their boats—and on the verge of being massacred. Understanding the game played by Viking war parties on the way to raid England of its booty meant understanding something about the way the Vikings saw themselves. The total time spent playing the game may have been more than any individual warrior spent sacking the Anglo-Saxons, for instance.
“I think the games cultures play can help intelligence professionals understand something about the way cultures think about strategy. Much of the language of strategy gets re-cast as the language of the game,” Wheaton adds.
“There is no U.S. military officer who would not know what their or their boss meant if the boss said, ‘we are going to do an end-run on them' and no U.S. official would misunderstand ‘It's fourth and 10 and we have to punt.' These kinds of games produce a common strategic language that cuts across bureaucratic lines. The military and the State Department may not understand each other but they both understand American football.”
More than that, understanding the games people play might help you learn more about how they operate.
Maybe Wheaton is overthinking it … or maybe not. “[Barack Obama's] got the personality of a sniper,” journalist Michael Lewis said after watching one of Obama's pick-up basketball games for a Vanity Fair profile. A commentary on drones, perhaps? George W. Bush used their co-ownership of the Texas Rangers baseball team to boost their business credentials during their first presidential campaign. And what about Vladimir Putin? They have a black belt in judo.
“I don't want to make more of this than it deserves,” Wheaton wrote, “but it seems logical to me, if I am very interested in a senior leader of a foreign country, to ask, ‘What game do they like to play?'”
Fears of an NHS staffing crisis are looming as the numbers of EU nurses registering to work in the UK has plunged dramatically.
Applications of this kind have plummeted from the 1,304 last July to just 46 in April this year, official figures show.
The nose dive figures from the Nursing and Midwifery Council come amid the health service's known struggle with a surge in demand and slashed funding.
It furthers the ongoing recruitment crisis, with the NHS desperately battling to find more doctors and paramedics.
The NHS has long relied on foreign staff to fill gaps in rotas, with a large proportion of these coming from Europe.
But the sharp fall in registrants suggest a more sustainable approach is needed to recruit, train and keep hold of British staff.
The statistics, obtained by The Health Foundation, should serve as a 'wake-up call' to politicians, experts stress.
Applications for EU nurses registering to work in the UK have plummeted from the 1,304 last July to just 46 in April this year, official figures show
'The drop could not be more stark'
Anita Charlesworth, director of research and economics at the Health Foundation, said: 'The recruitment and retention of nurses is one of the biggest challenges facing health and social care, with a shortage of 30,000 nurses in England alone.
'The drop in EU nurses registering to work in the UK could not be more stark - just 46 registered to work in the UK in April.
'Without EU nurses it will be even harder for the NHS and other employers to find the staff they need to provide safe patient care. The findings should be a wake-up call to politicians and health service leaders.
DWINDLING NUMBERS OF GPS Just last month it was reported that more than 900 family doctors left the NHS last year - despite a special programme designed to eradicate the growing shortage. Numbers of GPs across England are known to be dwindling in recent years, placing even more pressure on an over-stretched health service. In September 2015, there were 34,592 full-time GPs across the country. This dropped to 34,495 just a year later, NHS Digital data showed. While the number of these doctors has fallen by 542 since last April, when the NHS adopted a plan to recruit 5,000 extra GPs by 2021, Pulse reported. It shows the health service is falling well-short of Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt's pledge, which was said to be the answer to the staffing shortage.
'But the overall shortage of 30,000 nurses is not a shortage caused by the Brexit vote. The chronic shortage of nurses is the result of years of short-term planning and cuts to training places.
'A sustainable, long-term approach to workforce planning is desperately needed.'
'We rely on EU staff'
Janet Davies, chief executive of the Royal College of Nursing, said: 'We rely on the contributions of EU staff and this drop in numbers could have severe consequences for patients and their families.
'Our nursing workforce is in a state of crisis, with more than 40,000 vacancies in England alone. Across our health service, from A&E to elderly care, this puts patients at serious risk.
'These figures should act as a wake-up call to the Government as they enter Brexit negotiations. EU staff should be left in no doubt that their contributions are welcome and valued.'
There are slightly more than 650,000 nurses registered to work in the UK, with five per cent of these having been trained in the UK.
Easier language tests
It comes just weeks after it was reported that easier language tests may be given to foreign nurses to boost staffing numbers.
Senior managers are campaigning for regulators to reduce the pass rate as too many are being turned away on the basis of their English.
One in 10 NHS nursing positions is unfilled, with 13 per cent of the workforce coming from overseas, according to statistics from the Institute of Employment Studies published last year.
A health boss last month warned that the NHS is in danger of facing a recruitment and morale crisis if the Government doesn't address concerns over pay freezes.
Niall Dickson, chief executive of the NHS Confederation, said they fear staff will flee the NHS in the coming years unless measures are taken to improve pay.
WIKIMEDIA, BOTGut bacteria are critical in fighting Clostridium difficile, highlighted by the recent successes in using fecal transplants in treating such infections. But resistance to C. diff infections can't be attributed to any one microbe; rather, it's the community of bacteria in the gut that matter, according to a new study that modeled the incidence of infection in mice based on their microbiota.
Patrick Schloss, a microbiologist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and their colleagues started by giving mice various antibiotics to see how the treatments affected the composition of bacteria in their guts. Then, the researchers challenged the mice with C. difficile and built a mathematical model that could predict a mouse's susceptibility to the pathogen with 90-percent accuracy. They published their results today (July 14) in mBio.
Bacteria belonging to certain groups, such as Porphyromonadaceae, Lachnospiraceae, Lactobacillus, Alistipes, and Turicibacter, appeared to protect the mice against C. difficile. Loss of those species correlated with an increase in susceptibility, as did an increase in Escherichia or Streptococcus bacteria. “Susceptibility is not all or nothing—it's extremely context dependent,” Schloss said in a press release. “I think about it as a buffet, where you have to mix and match different ingredients to get resistance or sensitivity to C. difficile.”
The researchers note that if a predictive model of this kind could be constructed for humans' susceptibility to C. difficile, it could help prevent hospital patients from becoming infected. “If we could assess a patient's microbiota from a stool sample—especially if they are getting antibiotics—we could look at what bacteria are missing,” coauthor Alyxandria Schubert, a postdoc in Schloss's lab, said in the release. “You could perhaps give patients a probiotic supplement with the goal of restoring their microbiota community structure to a healthy state.”
i'm trying to create a 2d rotation without any luck, here's the code!
public void render(int xPos, int yPos, double a, BitMap data){ double angle = Math.toRadians(a); int xScr = 0; int yScr = 0; int CenterX = data.getWidth() / 2; int CenterY = data.getHeight() / 2; for(int y = 0; y < data.getHeight(); y++){ yScr = (y + yPos); if(yScr < 0){ continue; } else if(yScr >= height){ return; } for(int x = 0; x < data.getWidth(); x++){ xScr = (x + xPos); if(xScr < 0){ continue; } if(yScr >= width){ return; } int dataX = (int)(CenterX + (x - CenterX) * Math.cos(angle) - (y - CenterY) *Math.sin(angle)); int dataY = (int)(CenterY + (x - CenterX) * Math.sin(angle) + (y - CenterY) * Math.cos(angle)); if(dataX > 0 && dataX < data.getWidth()){ if(dataY > 0 && dataY < data.getHeight()){ screenPixels.setValue(dataX, dataY, data.getValue(x, y)); } } } } }
The cube is rendering and is rotating, but it's leaving holes. I know it's because dataX and dataY is rounding of and there for there will be pixels left. I don't really know where to get started, and I would be really happy if someone could code write the code that's is missing, because i'm going to participate in Ludumdare this weekend and haven't still figured out this. Please, help me!
This is a guest post written by Aidan Baron, aka @ALittleMedic, student-prehospitalist, one of the youngest FOAMers around and author of The Little Medic's Blog
Explosive growth. Ever increasing content. Trailblazing innovations. FOAM is undoubtedly going places: the question is, where? What does the future hold for the FOAM movement? Only time will tell And that's the most exciting part.
Our FOAM world has come a very long way, though there are still challenges ahead.
There is an inherent risk of information overload, the ongoing process of developing a distinct identity and a steady stream of critiques; ranging from reflective self-evaluation to fear-mongering by the often technophobic.
One thing is for sure; the way we access medical education will continue to evolve over time.
Will #FOAMed endure as a distinctive force? Or will it simply dissipate into generic online learning?
What is it that distinguishes #FOAMed from soft copy e-textbooks and narcolepsy-inducing online lectures? Is it simply the free access? I would hope that our online evolution represents something greater.
Will the pain of information overload and substance heterogeneity outweigh the pleasure of instantaneous collaboration, inspiration and innovative learning?
We have witnessed how FOAM translated from a niche group of primarily critical care physicians, to a mainstream paradigm embraced by a range of diverse clinicians. It could be said that in the process it has lost some, though not all, of its loveable quirkiness in exchange for wider-spread recognition and uptake.
So, Where to from here?
Contribution vs Consolidation:
One of the biggest challenges facing FOAM is the management of information overload – a problem common to many aspects of the online world. Likely you too have recognised how near impossible a task it is to keep abreast of the horde of enthusiastic contributors who have taken a seat at the FOAM table. Luckily, a trend of content consolidation has gained momentum and many blog writers and clinicians have begun synchronising and summarising the information out there. The creation of these reviews and bite-sized tasters has allowed readers to benefit from maximal exposure with minimal exertion.
Even so, this process is relatively inconsistent and many times is duplicated by multiple authors. (Personally, I'm of the opinion that this is actually a strength, though that might just be the Darwinian in me)
Could a large part of the future of FOAM lie in consolidation and organisation rather than the explosive content-driven growth of the past half-decade?
Could Social media become a ‘Source Engine'?
A paradigm shift might be in order.
Why are we using Search Engines such as Google to find educational content?
Quality, usefulness and impact are easily distinguishable. The ‘better' a resource, the more likely one is to remember and then recommend it when asked. This is a truly underappreciated strength of FOAM that sails beneath the radar – we are a collaborative network who aid each other in sourcing content! We are not discussing peer reviewed evidence here, rather the impact of educational content on people – who better to adjudicate this than other people!?
Let's stop using search engines to find content that drives humans, and instead start using humans who've already experienced that content, and been driven by it, to recommend it to us!
Could Social media become a ‘Source Engine'?
Should we be ‘Sourcing' quality content rather than ‘Searching' for it?
A Question of Quality:
“But what about quality control?” is the cry sounded again and again by the rightfully sceptical.
First, let's consider that #FOAMed is a movement built on the sharing of knowledge for the mutual benefit of our practice and thus ultimately our patients. Stringent critical analysis is applied by FOAMed readers in the form of post-publication comments and critiques, and more importantly, by content creators themselves. The best content is thoroughly researched, meticulously referenced and openly discloses the strengths and weaknesses of its arguments
Fortunately, good quality, high impact, clinically useful content stands out from the crowd.
The best FOAM bubbles to the surface.
SoMe (Social Media) is how we interact and share – we are all our own independent review process – highly shared content is thus far more likely (even though not guaranteed) to be of superior quality. The Internet is a ‘quality democracy'.
As with any new information, the onus is on the learner to evaluate the quality and trustworthiness of the source. In this, reputation is just as important in the online world as in any other teaching environment. After all, when was the last time you recall seeing poorly evidenced, low quality educational content from a well-regarded FOAM contributor? With this in mind, there is the potential for quality content from newer sources to go underappreciated, though FOAMed's welcoming and egalitarian ethic makes this far less likely than in almost any other field!
There is no question in my mind that the benefits to our education and, most importantly; to patient care, outweigh the thus far theoretical risks.
Diversity in Delivery:
As learners, we have different needs.
Students are in search of entirely different content to residents, and in turn, to faculty.
Content creators and online educators shouldn't attempt to be ‘all things to all people' but rather pitch to a target within the FOAM spectrum of users.
There is a noticeable trend of increasing content relevance (e.g. CCH journal, It has become apparent that trying to create an online one-stop-shop for all interests is both unrealistic and undesirable, and that a diversity of both contributors and consumers is healthy.As learners, we have different needs.Students are in search of entirely different content to residents, and in turn, to faculty.Content creators and online educators shouldn't attempt to be ‘all things to all people' but rather pitch to a target within the FOAM spectrum of users.There is a noticeable trend of increasing content relevance (e.g. Foamcast LITFL R&R ) with resources that target different audiences. Perhaps this will become even more apparent in the future as more individuals from different career stages turn to FOAM for their learning needs.
As the FOAMed spreads:
Social Media can be intimidating and FOAM shouldn't necessarily be synonymous with it.
Does FOAM exist without mainstream social media platforms?
In my opinion: Yes!
I prefer to view FOAM as a Tao. A way. An ethos.
As much as it pains me to admit, one does not need twitter to support or use FOAM.
Part-and-parcel of our global expansion is accepting that many find social media confronting or confusing. You wouldn't throw a medical student into a resus room and shout “intubate!”
Let's not apply a similar pressure to the more technologically conservative amongst us. In order to assist our colleagues, we can encourage them to start gradually, perhaps with an email subscription to a few high output blogs relevant to their area of interest.
Having said that, I truly believe that the connectedness that occurs through social media is one of the greatest strengths of FOAM.
What began as a small and tight knit circle of content creators in the critical care arena – the original pioneers of FOAM, has become a diverse and vibrant community – branching off into; paediatrics, general practice, family medicine, toxicology, wilderness medicine, ultrasound, ICU and many more: each with their own focus, leaders, memes, subcultures and hashtag !
The essential component remains that through Social Media, these offshoots and diverse threads of #FOAMed are able to constantly interact. With this comes a cross-pollination. We are maintaining a refreshing and innovative culture which encourages interdisciplinary collaboration and the breaking down of silos, rather than the tribal mentality of many modern medical institutions.
Information Overload
Content Consolidation
Sourcing Quality
Delivering Diversity
Just a few of the many tribulations and triumphs we have to look forwards to.
I see a bright future reflected in the glimmering surface of #FOAMed
Watch this space.
With Special thanks and gratitude to Dr Michelle Johnston ( @Eleytherius) and Dr Penny Wilson ( @NomadicGP ) for their advice, input and editing.
Senator Bernie Sanders, for the second time in as many weeks, is indicating serious contemplation for a presidential run in 2016 if none of the potential Democratic candidates show the proper urgency when it comes to addressing a key set of issues that they think now face the country and the world.
Stressing the overarching crisis of out-of-control income and wealth inequality coupled with the planetary emergencies of global warming and climate change, Sanders' message has been that unless these problems are put at the forefront of the domestic policy agenda they will feel compelled to run.
In an extended interview with Salon journalist Josh Eidelson published Wednesday, Sanders admitted they do not "wake up every morning with a huge desire to be president of the United States... I don't."
"What distresses me enormously is that there is very little discussion about [our] major crises, and even less discussion about ideas that can resolve these issues."
However, they continued, "I do wake up believing [that] this country is facing more serious crises than we have faced since the Great Depression. And if you include the planetary crisis of global warming, the situation today may even be worse. And given that reality, what distresses me enormously is that there is very little discussion about these major crises, and even less discussion about ideas that can resolve these issues."
In an interview ten days ago with a local Vermont paper, the Independent senator for the first time indicated they would be willing to run if it seemed necessary.
“These are not normal times," they told the Burlington Free Press. "The United States right now is in the middle of a severe crisis and you have to call it what it is.”
As John Nichols reported for The Nation recently, a run by the Vermont senator would pit the populism that is bubbling up from the progressive base of the Democratic Party and among independents against what the Sanders plainly terms the forces of "oligarchy."
"That's what oligarchy is. Oligarchy is when a small number of people control the economic and political life of the country."
A "small handful of multi-billionaires control the economics of this country," Sanders told Nichols. "Economically, they clearly have an enormous amount of power. And, now, especially with Citizens United, these very same people are now investing in politics. That's what oligarchy is. Oligarchy is when a small number of people control the economic and political life of the country—certainly including the media—and we are rapidly moving toward an oligarchic form of society.”
According to Nichols, Sanders would enjoy a run again the oligarchs and the sytem that insulates them from the displeasure and will of the public. In their exchange, Sanders asked Nichols to imagine a presidential candidate who said to voters:
“I am going to stand with you. And I am going to take these guys on. And I understand that they're going to be throwing thirty-second ads at me every minute. They're going to do everything they can to undermine my agenda. But I believe that if we stand together, we can defeat them.”
Sanders continued:
“If you had a President who said: ‘Nobody in America is going to make less than $12 or $14 an hour,' what do you think that would do? If you had a President who said: ‘You know what, everybody in this country is going to get free primary health care within a year,' what do you think that would do? If you had a President say, ‘Every kid in this country is going to go to college regardless of their income,' what do you think that would do? If you had a President say, ‘I stand here today and guarantee you that we are not going to cut a nickel in Social Security; in fact we're going to improve the Social Security program,' what do you think that would do? If you had a president who said, ‘Global warming is the great planetary crisis of our time, I'm going to create millions jobs as we transform our energy system. I know the oil companies don't like it. I know the coal companies don't like it. But that is what this planet needs: we're going to lead the world in that direction. We're going to transform the energy system across this planet—and create millions of jobs while we do that.' If you had a President say that, what kind of excitement would you generate from young people all over this world?”:
Pivoting on those comments and the video interview (below) given to the Vermont paper, Eidelson asked Sanders to elaborate on a range of issues. Responding, Sanders spoke of the threats of climate change and unemployment; shared a critique of Walmart and the virtues of socialism; discussed the attack on programs like Social Security and Medicare; and offered an explanation to why a possible run against a Democratic candidate—whether it be Hillary Clinton or others—would be a positive strategy for bringing these often ignored, but vital, issues to the forefront of the national dialogue.
What follows are selected remarks from Sanders taken from their exchange with Eidelson.
On the political/media landscape and income inequality
"We are in a situation where we have not been since the late 1920s, before the Depression, where the top 1 percent owns 38 percent of the financial wealth of America, while the bottom 60 – six zero – percent owns 2.3 percent of the wealth in America. That is obscene beyond belief." "The great moral and economic and political crisis facing this country, which gets relatively little discussion, is the growing disparity in income and wealth that exists in America. We are in a situation where we have not been since the late 1920s, before the Depression, where the top 1 percent owns 38 percent of the financial wealth of America, while the bottom 60 – six zero – percent owns 2.3 percent of the wealth in America. That is obscene beyond belief. The worst wealth inequality in the entire — of any major country in the world. And in terms of income, the last statistics we have seen from 2009 to 2012 tell us that 95 percent of all new income in this country went to the top 1 percent. "So what you have there is obviously [a] horrendous economic situation, but it is very dangerous to our political system. Because big money interests are putting huge amounts of money into the political process through Citizens United. And these are issues that have got to be addressed, or else in my view the United States will move very rapidly toward an oligarchic form of society when our economic and political life is controlled by a handful of billionaires. "I see this as a huge moral issue, an economic issue, a political issue. There is virtually no discussion about that, virtually none. I don't know how we can be a serious nation when this issue is not front and center, and there are not real ideas out there on how we address it."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
On the crisis of unemployment
"Real unemployment is not 7.2 percent — it's close to 14 percent, including those people who have given up looking for work, and who are working part-time. Youth unemployment, youth unemployment is close to 20 percent. African-American youth unemployment is close to 40 percent. These are crises. And yet day after day, we hear about the deficit — which is a serious issue — and we hear almost nothing about the unemployment issue, which among other things is having a horrendous impact on the current young generation, the kids who have graduated from high school and college."
On climate change and global warming
"We have almost no movement at all [on climate change], virtually no movement in Congress on this planetary crisis." "It is beyond comprehension — although the scientific community is almost unanimous in telling us that global warming is human-made, that it is already causing disastrous problems, and that those problems will only get worse in years to come — that we have almost no movement at all, virtually no movement in Congress on this planetary crisis."
On the social safety net and the middle class
"I would say that while the American people feel very strongly — and this is, by the way, across the board, Democrats, Republicans and independents — in opposition to cuts in Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, inside the Beltway, the political establishments, there is support for cuts to those terribly important programs. [...] "We have a middle class that is disappearing, and somebody has got to be speaking strongly to defend our middle class."
On the value of a presidential run
"You can give all the speeches you want on the floor of the Senate, that's great, but I think being involved in debates and being out there around the country allows — gives you the opportunity to talk about these issues in a way that you otherwise could not." "The nature of media is that presidential campaigns and candidates are a means, to some degree at least, of getting these issues out there. And I think that you can give all the speeches you want on the floor of the Senate, that's great, but I think being involved in debates and being out there around the country allows — gives you the opportunity to talk about these issues in a way that you otherwise could not."
On Elizabeth Warren
"Elizabeth Warren is [...] clearly one of the smartest people in the Senate.  They are a true progressive. [...]  They are doing a great job, and understands fully the issues facing the middle class and working class in this country.  They are a very strong proponent in defending the working families in this country."
On Hillary Clinton
"I have known Hillary Clinton for a number of years, not terribly well, but I knew them when they were first lady and I knew them when they were in the Senate. I like them  They are extremely smart. But it's — we will have to see what they have to say, so — but based on the kind of centrist positions that we have seen them take in the past, it remains to be seen — although I may be wrong — it remains to be seen whether they will be a forceful advocate for working families."
On socialism
"I think in recent years, especially since the Wall Street collapse of 2008, the American people are becoming profoundly disgusted about a nation in which a small handful of billionaires have incredible control over the political and economic life in this country. They are very upset that the middle class is disappearing, while the wealthy and large corporations are doing phenomenally well. And I think what we have seen is that a whole lot of people out there are prepared to support candidates who are willing to stand up to big money interests and protect working families."
On Walmart
"The Wal-Mart family, the wealthiest family in this country, should be paying their workers a living wage, not starvation wages." "Now what is particularly outrageous about the Wal-Mart business model is that the Walton family that owns Wal-Mart is the wealthiest family in this country … The six heirs of Sam Walton are worth about, I believe, over $100 billion. Which is more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people, interestingly. And what is quite amazing is that one of the reasons this family has become so wealthy is that the taxpayers of the United States provide more welfare to the Walton family than any family in America. So that — when you have workers in Wal-Mart who in order to feed their families have got to go on food stamps, have got to go on Medicaid to get their healthcare, have got to live in government-subsidized affordable housing in order to have a roof over their heads — what that dynamic is, essentially, is that the United States, that the taxpayers of this country are in partnership with the Walton family. The Walton family makes all of the money – the wealthiest family in America – while the taxpayers have to subsidize the low-paid employees. And that to me is totally absurd. "The Wal-Mart family, the wealthiest family in this country, should be paying their workers a living wage, not starvation wages."
________________________________
Food prices have dropped since peaking six months ago but remain near record levels, pushing the world's poorest people toward “undernutrition” and obesity, the World Bank says.
“Unhealthy food tends to be cheaper than healthy ones, like junk food in developed countries,” said Otaviano Canuto, World Bank Group's vice president for poverty reduction and economic management.
“When poor people with some disposable income in developing countries try to cope with high and increasingly volatile food prices, they also tend to choose cheap food that is high in calories but without much nutritious value.”
Between October and February, world food prices dropped by four percent overall, driven in part by wheat (minus 11 percent) and sugar (minus 10 percent), due to weaker demand for wheat feed and reduced maize consumption for ethanol as well as improved harvest conditions, according to the World Bank.
But they remain at very high levels and are just nine percent less than historic levels in August.
In February alone, prices increased one percent overall for a year-long period. The increases were especially notable for rice and corn (five percent each), two staple foods in many developing countries.
The World Bank also worried about “uncertainties” that remain in the world food supply.
Last year, global stocks of cereals dropped by three percent, mostly driven by a decline in the supply of wheat and coarse grains. Persistently dry conditions in Argentina, Australia and South Africa could also further hamper supplies in the months ahead.
Meanwhile, oil prices have been rising for three consecutive months, reaching their highest levels in February since April.
“In the ‘new normal' of high and volatile food prices, millions will continue to suffer from poor nutrition, whether it is hunger, undernutrition or obesity which can cause premature death,” the bank stressed.
In 2008, there were 1.46 billion overweight adults, including 508 million who were obese.
That number could rise to 2.16 billion for overweight adults, and nearly double to 1.12 billion for the obese by 2030 across all regions and in fast-developing nations such as China and India, said the bank in citing “even conservative estimates.”
“Half of the world's overweight people live in just nine countries — China, United States, Germany, India, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Indonesia and Turkey — evidence that obesity is not an epidemic restricted only to rich countries,” added Canuto.
[image via Shutterstock.com]
Mayor Tory's once substantial lead on possible mayoral candidate Doug Ford has slipped away and the duo are now in a statistical tie with the election still a year-and-a-half away, a new poll has found.
The Forum Research poll of 1,035 residents found that 40 per cent of those who are decided or leaning would support Tory in 2018 while 38 per cent would support Ford. A further 22 per cent said they would vote for someone else entirely.
Tory tended to perform the best in Scarborough (45 per cent support) and North York (40 per cent support) while Ford was more popular in Etobicoke (46 per cent). Ford also outperformed Tory in East York (38 per cent to 34 per cent), where a greater proportion of voters said they would support someone else.
“Doug Ford and John Tory are virtually tied, which is remarkable given that just six months ago John Tory led Ford by almost thirty-percent," Forum Research President Lorne Bozinoff said in a press release." Perhaps what makes this result all the more concerning for the mayor is that support is galvanizing against them for a candidate that hasn't even declared yet."
Though an election will not be held until October, 2018, the results suggest a tightening of the still-hypothetical race.
Tory's lead over Ford was as high as 19 per cent in January but dropped to 16 points in March and 11 points in April.
The two-point lead Tory now enjoys is within the poll's margin of error, which is three percent.
For their part, Ford has said that they are considering running for mayor or under the Progressive Conservative party banner provincially.
Probiotic supplement Sweet Peach will analyse micro-organisms and has nothing to do with peach, roses or soft drinks – or the men who introduced it
Remember Sweet Peach? The “personalised probiotic supplement” announced just last week, which was supposed to make vaginas smell like peach?
Well, it turns out the supplement all about “personal empowerment”, which aims to prevent yeast infections and UTIs, isn't quite what it seems.
Presented at the Demo conference in San Jose, California, Austen Heinz, CEO of Cambrian Genomics, and biotech entrepreneur Gilad Gome told an audience:
“The idea we're pushing is to do sequencing and synthesis as a way of restoring it [the vagina] to natural health. The company is being seen as wanting to smell like peach. But the vagina produces smells like any other microbiome. “We think people should have control over their microbes and code, so if they want to add that function [fragrance] to any of their microbes, then that should be up to them.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Austen Heinz speaks about Sweet Peach, from 8m32s.
However, it turns out that the inventor of the product is neither Heinz nor Gome, but the 20-year-old self-described “ultra-feminist” Audrey Hutchinson, the CEO of Sweet Peach Probiotics.
Clarifying things somewhat, Hutchinson said: “I don't think women should have vaginas that smell like peaches or anything like that.”
Inc.com also reports that while Heinz owns 10% of Hutchinson's company, Gome has no part whatsoever.
Heinz said Gome might have started talking about Hutchinson's company because they “got excited”.
A screengrab from the Sweet Peach presentation. Photograph: YouTube screengrab/Cambrian Genetics
Previously, in an interview with Motherboard – and again, despite having no involvement with Sweet Peach – Gome had described the product as being able to “make their vagina smell like roses and taste like Diet Coke.”
Hutchinson says they are furious about their product being misrepresented, telling Inc.com they vomited twice when reading the bad press around Sweet Peach.
The supplement will actually be personalised according to individuals. A sample of the “vaginal biocrome” (the makeup and ecology of microorganisms in the vagina) will be sent for analysis. Sweet Peach will then supply a course of supplements designed to balance the pH levels of the vagina, allowing “good” microbes to thrive, therefore reducing the risk of yeast infections and UTIs with the aim of optimal vaginal health.
Heinz said their company, Cambrian Genomics, might have lost funding after its association with Sweet Peach and the backlash against it, reporting that their lawyer said they “looks like Bill Cosby right now”.
Meanwhile, Heinz's other company – which Gome is involved with – called Petomics, aims to make cat and dog poo “smell like bananas”.
Hope that clears things up.
• Forget London v Silicon Valley - tech is now international, startups told
A woman in the US created a fender-bender of the vanities when their Mercedes-Benz convertible ended up on top of a Ferrari outside a motoring enthusiasts' café.
Possibly distracted by the two young boys in the back, the driver of the Merc somehow managed to botch their reverse park so badly that they found their 380SL Roadster straddling the bonnet of the $550,000 458 Speciale.
So blasphemous was the poor woman's error that the attendant gawkers stayed hushed as they gravely filmed the abomination. There was no such restraint from the owner of the 458, however, who saw rosso corsa upon spying the smash.
"Are you f---ing serious?" they said to the woman, who could only stand mute in trembling supplication. "That's the dumbest thing I've ever seen."
Click through for more dumb-dumb with vroom-vroom.
China police arrest suspect over death of 19 people in remote Yunnan village
Posted
Police in China have ruled out terrorism as a motive for the mass killing of 19 people in a remote village in the south-western province of Yunnan.
The killings have shocked China, a country where mass murder is rare.
The official Xinhua news agency said 19 victims from six different families were found in different parts of the remote mountainous village of Yema.
At least three of those killed were children, including a three-year-old girl.
It is not clear exactly how they were killed or what the motive was.
Video being spread via social media appears to show a suspect being arrested at the scene, but authorities have said a man in their twenties was detained in the provincial capital Kunming, 200 kilometres away.
Yunnan police named them as 27-year-old Yang Qingpei.
So far police have not revealed a motive for the killings, but they have ruled out terrorism.
News dominates Chinese social media platforms
Mass killings are rare in China, and the news has dominated Chinese social media platforms.
Last year China executed three people for a mass stabbing at the Kunming railway station in which 31 people died.
More than 140 were injured in the rampage, which Chinese President Xi Jinping labelled a "violent terrorist" attack.
Xinhau said knife-wielding attackers dressed in black burst into the station on March 1, 2014, and began slashing indiscriminately.
State-run media dubbed it "China's 9/11".
Beijing blamed the bloodshed on "separatists" from the resource-rich far-western province of Xinjiang, where at least 200 people had died in attacks and clashes between locals and security forces in the year before.
ABC/wires
Topics: murder-and-manslaughter, crime, law-crime-and-justice, china, asia
FOR the benefit of anyone who has not heard a “death rattle” before, Jason Wallace puts on a short video clip. One second a cheerful Bulgarian heroin addict is shooting up. The next they go limp, and the sound of a chilling, throaty rasp fills the room. Mr Wallace stops the tape. As the national training officer of Scotland's naloxone programme, they are here to show a group of ex-users—about half of whom have in the past overdosed on heroin themselves—how to save the life of anyone they hear making that dreadful noise.
Not all overdoses are fatal. But the death rattle, which signals the collapse of the respiratory system, is bad news: if oxygen does not reach the vital organs in short order, the body will die. This is where naloxone comes in. When injected, it blocks heroin's access to opioid receptors in the brain, allowing a user's lungs to kick back into action. You hear a gasp “like a baby's first breath”, says Mr Wallace. At the end of the session, in the Gorbals district of Glasgow, bright yellow naloxone packs, small enough to fit into a pocket, are handed out.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Spiralling drug deaths load their message with urgency. Figures for England and Wales released on September 9th showed that annual fatalities involving heroin have doubled in the past three years, to 1,201, the highest since comparable records began in 1993. Some blame the end of a “heroin drought”, which coincided with the departure of British troops from the Afghan province of Helmand and its poppy farms. Purity has risen and the price of a gram has dropped, from £74 ($100) in 2011 to £45 in 2014. Others suggest that the “Trainspotting” generation of users, who started to inject in the late 1980s, are becoming more frail.
Naloxone has been used by medical professionals for more than 40 years. But the attempt to make it more widely available—distributing it in hostels for the homeless and to heroin users themselves—is just beginning. Activists underline the potential. “Nobody needs to die from a heroin overdose,” says Judith Yates, a former doctor in Birmingham. So long as an overdose is witnessed (and 80% are), a jab of naloxone in the thigh will revive those in even the most perilous of “nods”, as the state of being very high is known. A trial in Scotland on recently released prisoners reported a 36% decline in fatalities.
Since last October drug-treatment staff in England who are not medically trained have been allowed to hand out naloxone kits themselves to anyone, including children, who they think might run into an overdose situation. The number of packs circulating has almost doubled as a result.
But provision is patchy. Unlike Scotland and Wales, England has no national naloxone programme. Local authorities have controlled their own health budgets since 2013 and roughly one-third spend nothing on the drug. Addicts in Liverpool and Leeds, to name two heroin hotspots, rely on pot luck if they overdose. During summer last year, six heroin users died in Nottinghamshire; had they lived within the city of Nottingham they would have had access to naloxone. “It's a postcode lottery,” says Mr Wallace, comparing support in England with the system they co-ordinate over the border in Scotland.
It is not hard to see why local health-commissioners might drag their heels. Heroin users are an unpopular group. Nor will naloxone necessarily do much to persuade them to change their ways: those injected with it sometimes score in the hours after they have been “brought back”. Some areas may lack a local advocate to pester bureaucrats until they cough up for the drug.
Health budgets are strained. But that is all the more reason for shelling out for naloxone. A pack costs about £15. A 2013 study found that one would have to cost over £1,825 before it stopped being cost-effective, given the savings it generates in police work, autopsies and other things.
Australia, Norway and Sweden licensed over-the-counter sales of naloxone earlier this year. Britain should follow suit, reckons Kevin Jaffray, a former addict who was saved five times by the drug in their using days. “I wouldn't be here without it,” they say. “From the moment of my last injection, I changed the direction of my life.” It would be cheap and easy to give thousands more like them another chance.
… Some reader comments are just too good to be kept hidden away in the com-box. Some deserve the light of day.
I really do have the best readers who contribute quite a good deal to the content here with comments and insights. I know some blogs don't even allow comments and I can see the appeal of that practice. It saves a great deal of frustration; however, you miss out on some wonderful opportunities for thoughtful dialogue.
It would feel weird to me not to have comments enabled, like talking to myself or talking at you rather than with you.
That being said, I'd like to share this one comment with you.
First some context.
A lot of people have expressed to me the almost schizophrenic spiritual state Pope Francis puts them in. Admittedly, I too have felt this same bit of anxiousness at times. I've even heard comments suggesting the Pope is to blame for the divisive polarizing atmosphere between the “traddies” and “trendies”. They feel like they are constantly criticizing while we try and decipher who specifically they are admonishing.
Francis the Finger Wagger.
Instead of interpreting the popes words as criticism we can start to view them as an examination of conscience. Also, instead of trying to view their remarks through a political filter, view them through an internal filter.
Which brings us to the very helpful comment that prompted this post.
George writes,
When Francis says something challenging ‘uniformists,' instead of trying to figure out what group he's referring to, assume they mean you, personally. Think of ways in which you can be rigid and cold towards others, and accept the challenge to better yourself as a Catholic. When they criticize cafeteria Catholics as in this homily when they discuss those who enter the Church with ‘their own ideas', not the Church's, assume he's talking about you. Ask yourself what teachings you struggle with, what one's you wish didn't exist and why.
Basically, stop worrying about everyone else. Worry about yourself and your own salvation.
I'd also like to add that, as lay practicing Catholics, we can't do a toot about the pope's personal style and demeanor. He's going to do things how he's going to do them. We can't change the pontiff and it's arrogant of us to try or expect them to change for us.
The only thing we can change is ourselves and our reactions to their words.
Law enforcers picked up four suspected operatives of banned militant outfit Jama'atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) in Kachua upazila of Bagerhat early yesterday.
The arrestees are Akash Mollah alias Babu, 19, of Kachua, Habibullah Sheikh, 19, Kabirullah Faraji, 26, and Mizanur Rahman Hawladar, 28, of Sadar, Nazirpur and Mathbaria upazilas of Pirojpur.
A joint team of police and detectives raided a farmhouse of one Safayet Sheikh at Khalishakhali village in Kachua around 2:30am and nabbed the four, reports a correspondent in Bagerhat quoting police officials.
The team also seized a revolver, two bullets, seven empty bullet casings, five crude bombs, five cell phones and a computer from there, said police.
Pankaj Chandra Roy, Bagerhat superintendent of police, said law enforcers raided the farmhouse on information that some 12 JMB operatives would be in a secret meeting there.
As the joint team reached the area, the suspected militants hurled crude bombs at the team, forcing it to retaliate with gunshots, the SP added.
A little later, law enforcers were able to arrest the four when they were trying to flee the area.
Three cops were hurt during the raid. Police were communicating with other law enforcement agencies to know about the arrestees' criminal records, said Pankaj.
TWO 'PICKED UP EARLIER'
Fathers of Kabirullah and Habibullah alleged that a team of Bagerhat police picked up their sons from Pirojpur town around 3:00am on October 14, reports our Pirojpur correspondent.
Talking to The Daily Star, they said they went to Pirojpur Sadar Police Station on the same day to file general diaries, but police refused to record GDs.
Habibullah's father Abdul Hai, a tile fitter, said their son had been staying at a mess in Rajarhat of Pirojpur town for around three months. Riding on eight microbuses, a team of uniformed cops went to the mess and picked up Habibullah.
An SSC examinee from Kiamuddin High School in the town, Habibullah used to run a computer service centre, said Hai, adding that their son did not hang out in bad company.
Kabirullah's father Lokman Faraji lives at a rented house in CO Office area of Pirojpur town. They said law enforcers arrested their son from the house.
The arrestee passed Dakhil exams from Pirojpur Fazil Madrasha around eight years ago.  They are an assistant of a lawyer at Pirojpur Judge's Court.
WASHINGTON: The battle for India, pre-independence India, is being fought in California. In a long-running wrangle that has stretched over decades, academics and historians are once again fighting a pitched verbal battle over how sub-continental history will be taught in American schools. At the heart of the latest clash, the nomenclature of pre-1947 India as “South Asia“ at the instance of some left-leaning academics, because, they maintain, the geographic entities of India and Pakistan came into being only after the two countries gained independence from British India.In other words, India did not exist before 1947.The proposal has enraged academics on the right side of the debate who say attempts to delete references to India and replace it with the “geopolitically motivated Cold War-era phrase `South Asia“.... is “misinformed and bizarre.““If this is indeed correct that `India' is not an accurate term for India before 1947, how is it possible that the word `India' has been in usage in some form or another from the time of the ancient Greeks and Romans? Did Columbus go sear ching for `South Asia'? Are the islands of the Caribbean Sea called the `West South Asianes' instead of the `West Indies'? Was it the British East `South Asia' Company that led colonial trade and exploitation?Was it the `South Asian Ocean' which constituted the center of the world's largest trade network before the rise of modern Europe? Do you write, perhaps, with `South Asian' ink?“ Vamsee Juluri, a professor of Media Studies at the University of San Francisco, sneered in a recent letter to the California Board of Education , ridiculing the leftist proposals that the board has reportedly accepted. The battle between the left-wing historians and right-wing academics and organisations in the US over Indian history has been simmering for a long time now with arguments over everything from the Aryan invasion theory to the use of expressions like Brahminism. The Instructional Quality Commission (IQC) of the California Board of Education (CBE) meets once in ten years to review the “frameworks“ for how the syllabus will be taught and the current scrap is tied to the ongoing review.The new HSS (History Social Science) framework draft was issued last Fall, and since then the two sides have been sparring over what will be taught. Juluri says the leftist historians have a stranglehold on the debate mainly on account of the Indian community and organisations working at cross-purposes and overestimating their own strength.“Indian-Americans are a successful community , wellsettled in American life and creating companies and jobs, building bridges with new and old country through culture and business, and yet we have only recently woken up with a start to realize that we don't own our history . In California, and even in India, 68 years after independence, we were still being taught a repackaged version of scholarship that was current in, say , the 1890s!“ Juluri wrote in a statement on Teaching Approaches and Experiences they submitted to the California board.The term “South Asia“ to describe the Indian subcontinent became current and began to be used widely after the US state department and some lawmakers instituted the “South Asia bureau“ in 19911992, carving it out of the the Bureau of Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs. Some Indian nationalists have long argued that the etymology is aimed at diluting India's primacy in the region.
Canada celebrated a milestone in CSA ‘s robotics work on rovers.
These terrestrial rovers are bringing the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) one step closer to developing the next generation of rovers for space exploration. The rovers performed robotic demonstrations at the CSA's analogue testing terrain, the largest of its kind in the world, which replicates the surface of the Moon or Mars.
The terrestrial rovers and scientific equipment unveiled are the forerunners of vehicles and science instruments that may one day serve in exploring destinations like the Moon or Mars. They will be put to work in field tests to: help define the science and technology most likely to be required in future space exploration missions of interest to Canada; assess potential contributions to such missions; and refine the required technologies so they are sufficiently mature when opportunities arise.
Video, animations and pictures are available at the following address: ftp://ftp.asc-csa.gc.ca/users/Medias/pub/1_MOIS/2012-10-18 Canadian Rovers B-Roll /
Source: www.asc-csa.gc.ca 19 Oct 2012
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Embattled commuters should finally get more frequent and reliable train services after Transport for London confirmed today it would take control of the capital's suburban rail network.
The long-running campaign to persuade ministers to devolve powers over services should increase capacity, eventually bringing an end to the cattle truck conditions for millions of Londoners, and improve accessibility.
TfL plans to streamline fares and travel information across the whole suburban rail network, rebranding the services London Overground and turning the capital's transport map orange.
Commuter services running from Cannon Street, Charing Cross, Moorgate, Victoria, Waterloo and London Bridge, which has suffered some of the worst delays, would all be transferred under the plans.
With the capital's population set to rise from 8.6 million today to 10 million by 2030, the proposals should ensure the network is able to cope, especially in South London which is heavily reliant on surface rail.
The new era for rail travel was hailed a victory for Boris Johnson who has spearheaded the campaign, which has cross-party support and was first initiated by Ken Livingstone, to take over control of each route as its franchise comes up for renewal.
The Mayor told the Standard: "Our railways have been the workhorse of the London and South East economy since Victorian times.
"They're key to the day-to-day lives of millions of people and vital to our future prosperity, and that's exactly why this new partnership is such a seminal moment.
"By working closely together and taking on these new services, we're going to emulate the success of the London Overground and give the entire capital and surrounding areas the services they truly deserve."
Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin added: “We are committed to making journeys better across London and the South East, and this new partnership represents a huge opportunity to transform travel by putting passengers where they should be – at the heart of the rail network."
The first route to come under the next Mayor's control will be Southeastern in 2018, followed by Southern, Thameslink and Great Northern services in 2021.
The South West trains franchise is currently under negotiation but is likely to include a "break clause" that means it could be taken over in 2019.
TfL, which will set up a joint management team with the Department of Transport, will run services which operate within the capital's boundaries while DfT officials will be responsible for the wider South East.
The Mayor's control could stretch as far as Sevenoaks and Dartford in the South East, Epsom and Croydon in the South, Hampton and Chessington in the West and Hertford and Welwyn Garden City in the North.
It could mean that more than 80 per cent of stations has a train every 15 minutes, up from 67 per cent today.
Since TfL took over suburban rail routes from Silverlink in 2007 and created London Overground, passenger numbers on the routes have increased sixfold and the network has become one of the most popular railways anywhere in the country.
The proposal means town halls, local enterprise partnerships and other regional bodies could play a more hands on role in how services are planned.
Unlike most of the existing franchise agreements, income from fares would be handed over to TfL to invest in the network, for example bringing in new walk-through trains with more doors and staffing 100 per cent of stations during operating hours.
However, huge sums would still be needed to bring the network up to scratch, especially across South London where demand is highest, at a time when TfL's finances will be under pressure.
City Hall insiders suggested cash for investment could also be raised from the land value increase around stations, as well as from Network Rail and the Government.
This mailbox in Japan lies 10-feet underwater but still receives 1,500 mails each year
Susami, a small fishing town in Japan's Wakayama Prefecture has a unique mailbox which has been featuring in the Guinness Book of World Records since 2002. It is Japan's deepest underwater mailbox which lies at 10 metres depth in Susami Bay.
The mailbox was set up in 1999 to promote Japan's ancient Kumano Kodo pilgrimage. 70-year old Toshihiko Matsumoto, the then post master of the town was the first person to come up with this unique idea.
The mailbox receive anywhere between 1,000 to 1,500 mails each year. The mails are retrieved by employees of the Yamatani Dive Shop, who dive and collect. Interestingly, the shop also sells water-resistant postcards and oil-based markers for those who like their mail inundated.
The only problem is that seawater takes its toll on these cast-iron mailboxes and need to be replaced once every two-years.
A tricky imposter is trying to mimic MyEtherWallet's website.
UPDATED | October 24, 2017:
It appears that the website is not currently accessible via the email link, but the spoof version of the MyEtherWallet site is still up.
ORIGINAL | October 24, 2017:
On October 24, 2017, ETHNews received an email from a scammer attempting to impersonate MyEtherWallet (MEW). At the time of press, it appears the fraudulent site may have been taken down.
Users are warned not to follow links from sender “MyEtherWaIIet” (note: capital i's instead of l's) with a return address of noreply@myetherwallet.coml (note: the L at the end of the .com). The email provides the following message , falsely claiming that the recent Ethereum hard fork had an impact on MEW and directing wallet holders to “synchronize their wallets for continuous undisturbed services,” something that they do not actually need to do:
Close inspection of the counterfeit link reveals that one of the characters used to spell the web address is a Roman 'ț' (T-comma) and, while the site is set up as a mirror of the MEW official web presence, it's IP address is based out of the Netherlands.
Often the targets of scammers, many users' MEW accounts have been entered into sites that are impersonating the official website of the widely-embraced Ethereum wallet. When they are, the false entity masquerading as MEW usurps the contents of the wallets, after users enter their valuable private keys. MEW does not store any of its user's private keys, meaning that the phishers must get targets to manually enter keys and passphrases.
ETHNews reached out and spoke to Taylor at MEW. They said, "We're doing what we can to stop the phishers and shut them down as quickly as they pop up, but they will only stop when they stop making money from these attacks. Protect yourself by installing MetaMask or EAL Chrome Extensions, not clicking links from emails or messages, and/or [invest] in a hardware wallet. Tell your friends and warn others to do the same."
Taylor went on to say, “You don't need to do anything for the hard fork. If it sounds too good to be true, it's a scam. If you get a scary DM but no one else is talking about the scary DM, it's a scam. Don't trust the scary Slack DMs. Don't listen to links or messages sent to you unprovoked. Get yourself a hardware wallet.”
MEW advocates the use of hardware wallets as a safety measure, and users have a fair number of choices regarding that option. Furthermore, integrating extensions for chrome like MetaMask can also help protect against malicious URLs, and MEW has a public-facing repository of information that users can ply to help protect both themselves and their funds.
Ammo Grrrll decries A RACKET WRIT LARGE. They write:
A book that had a profound effect on me as a teenager was A Tree Grows in Brooklyn by Betty Smith. Francie, the young protagonist, was, like me, a READER who discovers the library and it changes their lives. Unlike Francie, however, we were middle-middle class, living in small towns in South Dakota and Minnesota, and Francie was starvation-level poor, living in a tenement in Brooklyn with a distant mother and a loving but hopelessly alcoholic father.
In the book, there is a neighborhood candy store, run by a fat, creepy child molester. (No, not Lena Dunham; this was in 1912.) They run a “game” in which a little board has several covered squares with prizes behind them from penny candy to a gorgeous doll prominently displayed. The child can choose a square for a small sum, a nickel, if memory serves me. But nickels were very hard to come by. In all the time Francie plays, they never wins the doll or anything else of value, and only loses their precious coins.
They grow up, is a modest success, and returns to the candy store. They have a couple of dollars now and, in front of witnesses, buys every square on the whole board, over the strenuous objections of the crooked candy store operator. As even I had figured out as a kid, there was NO DOLL behind any of the squares. It was just a cruel racket.
I was put in mind of that racket when we Deplorables won the Presidency, the House and the Senate. We had run the table, bought all the squares on the card! Surely, Conservatism would now have its way draining the swamp! Lucy can't pick up the football forever, can she? Can she? At some point, shouldn't Charlie Brown man up and just clock her? Oh, not with a bike lock or anything – that's just legal for antifa fighters against free speech – just enough of a whack that they maybe wouldn't do it again.
I do not expect miracles, especially in some silly artificial time limit like 100 days. But for the love of God where is the budget for The Wall? How are the bids going for the project? If money is “owed” to the criminal-protecting scofflaws in “sanctuary” cities or states, just don't write the checks. How hard is that? Make the judge-shoppers who shut that down try to enforce it.
Here's what I think: I think the main reason that dozens of self-serving, treacherous Republican elected officials lost their minds when the Deplorables got Trump the nomination was that they had no confidence that Trump understood how this giant con game was supposed to work.
Hillary was SUPPOSED to win; the Obama Third Term would roll on; and the Congresspeople and Senators for Life with a whimsical, meaningless “R” after their names would consort amiably with the D's, lining their pockets, feathering their nests, eating the famous Senate Bean Soup, never having to abide by the laws they passed, and clucking their teeth every two or six years about how they were prevented from DOING even one thing they promised because Hillary would just veto it. It's great to be a Minority Party with all of the perks and none of the responsibility. And a lifetime sinecure. Everybody wins but the conservative taxpayer. And anyone who loves America. But I repeat myself.
What real policy differences do John McCain, Paul Ryan, Lindsey Graham and those mealymouthed women I can never even keep straight (Lisa and Susan something?) actually have with Schumer and Pelosi? Please list the differences, ladies. We're all just supposed to be so gosh-darn happy that you have lady bits that we don't realize you are worse-than-useless turncoats always on the wrong side of every question?
If the Wall does not get built, if pretend refugees from terror-loving countries do not get properly vetted, if the “peace process” continues to mean taking more pieces from Israel, as God is my witness, I will never vote Republican again or give any money to buy another square behind which is just another liberal prize.
Except for the fact that I would vomit all over myself, why not just go over to The Dark Side? If you're a Democrat, you get to riot in a mask, burn down buildings, make fake rape charges, make fake hate crime charges, admit to child molestation in your own book, use many branches of the Federal Government to unlawfully harass and intimidate conservatives, advocate cop killing, shout down speakers, call for the murder of the President, and clap like a spastic seal at late-night comics making obscene jokes about the President of the United States. Jokes that would absolutely be deemed “homophobic” from any conservative.
Can you imagine any late-night host keeping their job after saying that Obama's mouth was a “holster” for the Ayatollah of Iran's wee-wee? Which, according to the new book about Barry, was not nearly as far-fetched.
And here's the great part: there are no consequences for any of it!! Consequences are for Life's Deplorable little losers.
Mike Pence's Iraq lie: The VP candidate (wrongly) announced the discovery of WMDs In 2004, Mike Pence tried to help George W. Bush by declaring "weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq"
Back in May 2004, the Iraq war wasn't going particularly well. It had been over a year since George W. Bush had triumphantly landed on an aircraft carrier to declare semi-victory in the war they had initiated against Saddam Hussein's regime, and the situation in Iraq had been steadily unraveling ever since. Insurgent attacks were on the rise, American human rights abuses had been uncovered at Abu Ghraib, and the weapons of mass destruction the Bush administration had warned were present in Iraq had not been discovered. The CIA's former chief weapons inspector had said in January that, in all likelihood, those weapons did not exist.
With the security situation in Iraq deteriorating and the rationale for the conflict crumbling, President Bush and their Republican backers in Congress found themselves in a politically dangerous situation. They needed some good news, something to lift their spirits and prove the war critics wrong. One man stepped up: then-Indiana representative, and current Republican vice presidential nominee, Mike Pence.
Advertisement:
On May 19, 2004, Pence gave a short speech on the floor of the House of Representatives pushing back against the idea that America under George W. Bush was substantially worse than it had been four years earlier. As evidence of how things had improved, Pence argued that in the year 2000, Saddam Hussein had “amassed weapons of mass destruction,” but four years later Hussein had been captured and “we have found pieces of their WMDs.”
It wasn't entirely clear what Pence meant by “pieces of their WMDs,” but they helpfully elaborated on this claim the following day. On May 20, 2004, Pence once again took to the floor of the House and said “I am here to report… weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq.”
As Pence made clear in their remarks, they were referring to the discovery of two (2) munitions by U.S. soldiers that were found to contain sarin and mustard gas. In Pence's estimation, those two weapons validated the administration's arguments for war. “‘Where are the WMDs?' We've been asked that again and again,” Pence said. “They are where they've always been: hidden in Iraq, within the reach of terrorists, a threat to the Iraqi people, U.S. soldiers and the world.”
Here's what actually happened. Pence, in claiming that WMDs had been found, was way out ahead of the Bush administration itself, which was unwilling to wave around the discovery of these munitions as validation of its rationale for war. The reason the administration held back was simple: they weren't the weapons Bush and their top officials had warned about. They were old munitions from the weapons program Saddam Hussein had discontinued in 1991. The Bush administration's argument for the war was that the Iraqi dictator had restarted chemical weapons production and stockpiled new WMDs.
Advertisement:
Indeed, contemporaneous news reports show Bush administration officials urging caution in drawing any conclusions from the discovery the munitions. Here's what the Associated Press reported on May 18, 2004:
But officials stopped short of claiming the munition was definite evidence of a large weapons stockpile in prewar Iraq or evidence of recent production by Saddam's regime - the Bush administration's chief stated reason for invasion.
Some U.S. officials and weapons experts suggested the artillery shell may be an experimental design that predates the 1991 Gulf War.
A defense official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the origin and age of the artillery shell are under investigation, but said shells of this type have a long shelf life, so it could have been constructed some time ago.
Advertisement:
Sure enough, it was later determined that the sarin shell was an experimental remnant from the Hussein regime's old chemical weapons program. A few months after the discovery of those shells, the Iraq Survey Group released its final report which found that “while a small number of old, abandoned chemical munitions have been discovered, ISG judges that Iraq unilaterally destroyed its undeclared chemical weapons stockpile in 1991. There are no credible indications that Baghdad resumed production of chemical munitions thereafter.”
But Pence just blew right past all the warnings and grandiloquently declared that these old, degraded munitions were evidence of the chemical weapons stockpile Saddam Hussein had allegedly “amassed” in the years leading up to the war. It was a politically motivated lie that not even the Bush White House was willing to go along with.
The Knox Art/Zine Club seeks to foster an informal, inclusive art environment on campus.
On Jan. 29, the Art/Zine Club will hold its first meeting of the year. The meeting will begin at 5 p.m. in the CFA Drawing Studio, and all those who embrace creativity and artistic experimentation in their lives are welcome.
Although many Knox students may be unfamiliar with the concept of a zine, the genre encompasses many of the qualities that the college champions: innovation, independence and activism.
Junior Carmen Ribaudo, the informal president of Art/Zine club, defines a zine as “a self-published or a homemade magazine. Mostly they're made using a copy machine.”
“They're made cheaply. There are no limitations on what they can be about,” Ribaudo said.
The zine emerged on the stage of American culture in the early 20th century, and has been associated with a number of movements (pulp, punk, riot grrrl notable amongst them). Subsequently, the genre has expanded to incorporate an almost infinite array of subjects Ñ art, literature, politics, comics and personal accounts, which function much like the confessional.
Deeply informed by and entrenched in DIY culture, zines act as forums for underground social and political movements. Self-publishing has also provided a recourse for artists hoping to gain exposure independent of the gallery and exhibit system. The Art/Zine Club hopes to revitalize this rich history at Knox, where zine culture has flourished in the past.
Ribaudo hopes to increase visibility and awareness of this culture.
“Seymour Library has a zine library, which I don't think a lot of people know about,” they said.
In an effort to further cement Zine Club's presence on campus, Ribaudo chose to support the unification of Zine Club and Art Club.
“Last year, I was going to art club and art club was pretty small, and leadership was kind of shaky. So we decided to combine the two clubs,” Ribaudo said.
Art Club and Zine Club cohered fairly easily, which enabled the student members to focus on facilitating the creation of zines and other art projects.
“The purpose of the zine workshops is to show people you can make a zine in an hour. It's not intimidating. It can be a quick thing that you do for fun, and then mail to your friends who are in college in other states,” Ribaudo said.
Although the newly consolidated group was active on campus last year, Art/Zine Club took a hiatus during the fall of 2014.
“Both of us [ Ribaudo and former co-leader, Carolyn Agnes Dussault] had emergencies at the beginning of the term, so it took us a few weeks to recover from that. By the time we had our personal lives figured out, we didn't have time to do a club,” Ribaudo said.
Dussault, who was Ribaudo's partner in further establishing the club on campus, left Knox to pursue art in New York, but Ribaudo believes they will continue to play an active role in Art/Zine Club.
“I'm hoping that, because she's in New York, she'll have a lot of insights about what's going on there, and hopefully she'll be able to send us some zines they pick up there,” Ribaudo said.
The Art/Zine Club encourages student experimentation and independent projects. It endeavors to create a casual environment in which one can pursue his/her own artistic interests without regard for academic standards.
“Everyone is welcome. You don't have to be an artist. As long as you are interested, and feel energized by creativity, then I think that you will find something there,” Ribaudo said.
10 Tips On How To Stay Safe And Healthy While In China
On January 18, 2018
On By Monica Guan
By Monica Guan In Tips for travellers No Comments
42 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Linkedin Reddit Tumblr
I have been lucky enough to travel to quite a few places around the world including many cities in China, but I also experienced and seen some unfortunate situations during my time. Here are my top tips for how to stay safe and healthy during your trip to China!
#1 Don't drink the tap water
The tap water in almost all parts of China is undrinkable. If you plan on drinking any tap water, you have to boil it before drinking. But fear not, water bottles are available everywhere from local convenient stores to vending stations.
[Book your China tour today]
Be careful of iced beverages as well! Try to only drink bottled or canned drinks, unless you're sure that the ice has been made with clean water.
#2 Be careful of street food
One of the great pleasures of traveling is eating new local food. Street food is a big part of the food culture in China and it would be a crime not to try some. However, be smart when consuming street food. Pick items that are cooked thoroughly and have no risk of uncooked meat or raw eggs. Also before you eat, make sure to wash or sanitize your hands. Even if the food is clean, if you're eating on the street who knows what your hands picked up throughout the day.
#3 Wash your hands often
Not only before you eat, but in general try to wash your hands often. Major Chinese cities are one of the most populated places in the world. With so many people passing through the same areas every day, you never know what you touched or who you touched.
#4 Carry tissues
This is a must! The majority of washrooms in China do not provide toilet paper, sometimes not even in major malls or public areas. Same thing with if you're going to be eating street food or even at a cafeteria style food court, it'll be hard to find a vendor that will give you paper napkins. In any case, there are probably going to be tons of situations where you'll need to wipe something off yourself, so make sure to carry a few packs of tissues.
#5 Bring sanitary wipes
Baby wipes, hand sanitizer, etc… anything you can use to clean. You should always wipe your utensils before you use them. You can use it to clean your seat or in general wipe yourself off after a sweaty day outside.
#6 Wear closed toe shoes
Although in major cities the streets get cleaned regularly. Due to the sheer amount of people in these cities, it's safer and cleaner to wear close toe shoes. Protect your feet from the grime of the road and also from passersby who might decide to step on you.
#7 Medicine
Pack some of the basic over-the-counter medicine like, Advil, diarrhea medicine, cold medicine, fever reducers etc…. If you have other medical conditions that require you to bring in prescription drugs, make sure you check with the customs regulations before packing them.
#8 Medical Record
In the case of emergencies, you should always carry a copy of medical records, even if you feel you may not need it. If anything were to happen, the doctors would be able to see your medical history, blood type, immunization records, allergies, etc… readily.
#9 Don't take “Black Taxis”
In China, you might be approached by random people in their cars offering you a cheap ride while you're looking for a taxi. In Chinese, they're called “hei che” or black taxis. Usually, they are locals trying to make extra money if your destination is on the way. Although you may see many other locals taking them, if you are new and unfamiliar don't go for it. It's generally not safe, they're not regulated. You never know what will happen and you will have to negotiate the price if you don't want to end up in a situation where you're being asked to pay 100 yuan for a 5-minute ride.
#10 Take care of your belongings
Like in many popular tourist areas around the world, theft is very prevalent. You probably have seen videos online of slick pickpocketed stealing cellphones and wallets out of back pockets and wallets with ease. Don't fall victim! Always keep your belongings close to you, and in a bag that can be zipped up or firmly closed.
Learn How To Book The Cheapest Flights To China Download FREE eBook
The 1 percent find ways to save on their taxes. Why can't you and I?
A new website called TaxKilla.com says we can, and encourages the 99 percent to follow Mitt Romney's lead.
How would you like to deduct the cost of gas from your taxable income? Or perhaps write off your new laptop?
TaxKilla says the trick to doing this is understanding the tax code, which of course is complicated. But thanks to the site's founders -- two former Wall Street insiders -- navigating the ins and outs just got a lot easier.
TaxKilla won't tell you how to set up an offshore bank account, or offer instructions for making your work wages look like capital gains, but it does suggest we "remove [ourselves] from the slaughter line of wage earners" by creating a business entity, in order to write off certain costs and make our tax bills cheaper.
"The 1 percent have been doing this for years," Jen Powers, a co-founder of the site, told The Huffington Post. "We're not reinventing the wheel."
Powers and their ex-husband Fred Buddemeyer, who both worked on Wall Street in '80s, founded TaxKilla as their way to take part in the Occupy Wall Street movement. They figured the best way to do that was to help others turn a passion into a cash-saving mechanism.
With a name fit for a hip-hop song, TaxKilla gives examples of what types of activities can qualify as a business entity:
Say for example that you like to travel frequently. If you blog about your journeys and add an advertising network to your blog you now have a travel business. Its deductible expenses are a share of your travel costs, your computer, your internet connection, your camera, etc.
Could any hobby, like travel blogging, qualify? Well, no. You'll have to convince the IRS you're actually in it for the money. If your "hobby" is profitable three out of five years, the IRS will consider it a business. But the IRS will get suspicious if your entity is only taking losses.
Once you do establish a business entity -- according to the TaxKilla website that should take about two days -- fill out a Schedule C tax form and deduct work-related expenses like computers, cars and business lunches from your income.
Mitt Romney's Schedule C form showed their speaker fees in 2010 earned them a $48,756 deduction for expenses.
Powers and Buddemeyer consulted with a lawyer before launching the site who told them TaxKilla wasn't providing any new information not already available on the IRS website. TaxKilla, Powers says, is only repackaging that information in a way that is readable for the 99 percent.
While the tactic is legal, a recent New York Times article described running your own business as "the easiest way to cheat on your taxes."
Greg Kyte, a Utah C.P.A., told the Times:
You can look through your receipts for the year and say, ‘Here's some stuff I bought at Home Depot,'... The I.R.S. would have no idea if I bought that for my house or for my business.
What are the chances the IRS will come a knockin' if they think you're doing something fishy? That depends on how much you make. If you're making more than a $1 million, you have more than a one in eight chance of being audited. Overall, only 1 percent of individuals were audited in 2011.
Powers was adamant that what they're encouraging is not illegal.
"What I want to make clear is tax dodging is not our intention at all," they said. "We want people to file and pay but to be smart about how they do it."
A U.S. citizen banned from Mexico, who wed their Mexican fiancée during a special event at the border last month, was reportedly revealed as a convicted drug smuggler, leaving border patrol agents furious over providing “armed security for a cartel wedding.”
Brian Houston was cleared to marry the love of their life, Evelia Reyes, during the “Door of Hope” event last month after passing a federal background check. They requested the ceremony because they claimed they could not cross into Tijuana.
But it has been revealed that the groom is barred from Mexico because they are a convicted drug smuggler, currently awaiting their sentencing in San Diego federal court after they were caught smuggling 43 pounds of heroin, 47 pounds of methamphetamine and 43 pounds of cocaine back in February, the San Diego Union-Tribune reported.
“The agents are upset, feel like they were taken advantage of, feel like they were duped,” Joshua Wilson, vice president of the National Border Patrol Council Local 1613, told the newspaper. “Turns out we provided armed security for a cartel wedding.”
It was the first-ever wedding ceremony at the event that opens a steel border gate for an hour every year, allowing people who cannot cross the border to meet for about three minutes each. “It's a statement that love has no borders,” the convicted drug smuggler told the Union-Tribune last month during the wedding.
The participants of the event were reportedly screened before the ceremony. Houston's conviction, however, did not appear during the federal background check.
The “Door of Hope” event is currently under scrutiny following the mishap with Houston.
The group organizing the event, Border Angels, said they do not vet the applicants themselves, only provides the Border Patrol with questionnaires filled out by candidates. Background checks are the responsibility of the border patrol, the group's director Enrique Morones told the Union-Tribune.
A Border Patrol official said Houston was screened through an internal vetting process based on information provided by the group organizing the event. The review did not show any criminal activity.
Morones said they were stunned after finding out Houston was actually a drug smuggler, adding that they will meet with Border Patrol officials to discuss the case and future events. “That goes against everything Border Angels stands for,” they said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Homeownership remains out of reach for most renters, as the cost of housing continues to climb.
Across the country, only 45% of renters on average can afford the payments on a median-priced home in their area, according to recent report on the state of housing from Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies. Buying a house is even more out of reach for renters in expensive markets such as the West Coast, the Northeast and Florida. In these parts of the country, as few as 10% of renters could afford the mortgage payments if they bought a home.
“It impairs their ability to accumulate the down-payment,” says Chris Nard, president of mortgage at Citizens Bank in Dedham, Mass. “If 50% of your income is going to rent, there's precious little left over to accumulate a down-payment for a house.”
Millions of Americans, including renters and homeowners alike, continue to struggle to afford their housing. Using the 30%-of-income affordability standard, there were 38.9 million cost-burdened households in 2015, only a slight improvement from 39.8 million a year earlier.
Those improvements, however, have mainly affected homeowners. More than 11 million renter households spend at least half their incomes on their housing, the report found. Cost-burdens aren't just limited to cities where housing is expensive — for instance, nearly a third of renters in relatively affordable Augusta, Ga., where the median home price is below the national average are severely cost-burdened.
The increasing lack of affordability of rental markets has a domino effect on the rest of the housing market. “The burden that puts on a housing market is you have fewer buyers at the first-time home buyer level,” Nard adds. “And troubles for first-time home buyers also represent problems for move up buyers.”
This has weighed on the willingness of potential buyers. One in five renters now say they have no interest in ever owning a home, up from 13% in January 2016, according to a report released last March by Freddie Mac. And nearly 60% of current renters expect to rent their next property when they make their next move, up from 55% in September.
This shift toward renting versus buying is occurring despite a relative improvement in the financial situations for many renters: 41% of them say they have enough funds to go beyond each payday, as opposed to living paycheck to paycheck or not having enough money for basic necessities, the highest level since October 2015, Freddie Mac found.
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
The volume of goods and services would be £197 billion lower outside the EU, a report says, even if the government could sign agreements with the EU, the US, China, Russia, Canada, New Zealand and Australia Toby Melville/ Reuters
A free trade deal with the United States would not come close to making up for the loss of the single market even if combined with agreements with the EU and other big economies, a study says.
The volume of goods and services would be £197 billion lower in the long-term outside the EU, a report says. That is on the optimistic assumption that the government could sign agreements with the EU, the US, growth economies including China and Russia, as well as Canada, New Zealand and Australia.
Monique Ebell, author of the study for the National Institute of Economic and Social Research, said their research gave an even starker view of Britain's post-Brexit prospects than the Treasury's pre-referendum forecast that painted a rosy picture…
Churches in Alabama and Florida were caught in violation of the long-standing law barring them from engaging in political speech when they expressed support for Alabama senatorial candidate Roy Moore.
Two pictures circulating online beginning on 30 November 2017 showed a billboard that appears to belong to Living Way Ministries in the Alabama town of Opelika. The alleged church billboard has a number under the display, which matches the church's street address. The billboard read:
Moore, a Republican who was removed twice from the state's Supreme Court for failing to comply with judicial rulings, has been accused by several women of harassing and molesting them when they were teenagers. On 4 December 2017, President Donald Trump — who has also been accused of assault by numerous women — endorsed Moore.
We called Living Way three times seeking comment. After not answering the first time, an unidentified person at the church hung up when we identified ourselves as Snopes.com. The third time, the phone went to what sounded like a fax machine.
However, a reader provided us with a second picture of the billboard:
The reader told us:
It is not unusual for the church to post extreme messages. However … I was so flabbergasted I wanted to share with other like-minded individuals. That's when I turned the car around and posted the picture.
The reader, who is being cited anonymously for safety reasons, told us they posted it to a local Facebook group that is closed.
Freedom From Religion Foundation co-president and co-founder Annie Laurie Gaylor also confirmed to us that their organization had received the same photograph.
In a local news report on 4 December 2017, the church admitted that their billboard displayed a pro-Moore message, but did not say who was responsible. Instead, an unidentified woman said “several people” had keys allowing them to change the billboard. But the church's pastor, they said, asked for the message to be taken down two days after it was first displayed.
The reader, though, challenged the church's account, saying that the billboard “was changed twice within hours of my photo surfacing.” Regarding the attention the photo had garnered online, they said:
I was very surprised by how quickly and far it spread. At times, nervous because some of [Moore's] supporters can be extremists. However, glad to bring to light an issue here in Alabama and unfortunately [to] how many of our citizens view politicians.
The Internal Revenue Service web site states:
Currently, [federal] law prohibits political campaign activity by charities and churches by defining a 501(c)(3) organization as one “which does not participate in, or intervene in (including the publishing or distributing of statements), any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for public office.”
An FFRF spokesperson told us on 5 December 2017 that the organization contacted the Internal Revenue Service regarding the display at Living Way Ministries.
Trump vowed to “totally destroy” the prohibition during the National Prayer Breakfast in February 2017. The House version of the Republican-led Tax Cuts and Jobs Act contains a provision repealing the law, commonly known as the Johnson Amendment. However, that provision does not appear in the Senate version of the bill, which was passed on 2 December 2017.
A second reader also sent us a photograph of a pro-Moore billboard outside another Opelika church, Marvyn Parkway Baptist:
On 18 November 2017, Marvyn Parkway said in a Facebook post:
The pastor of Marvyn Parkway Baptist Church, David Floyd does indeed support Judge Roy Moore for the U.S. senate seat up for election, Pastor Floyd has said that they believe Judge Moore, when they say the allegations are not true. Pastor Floyd has also said that Judge Moore has a faithful testimony defending the constitution, the unborn, the right to acknowledge God in the public arena, and Biblical marriage all of which are important to the well being of our state and nation.
Yet another pro-Moore display was spotted at First Conservative Baptist in Jacksonville, Florida. First Coast News posted this photo of the sign:
When reached by reporters, Pastor Gene Youngblood told them to leave their church and called them “fake news,” echoing a common complaint from the president.
A fourth photograph of a display from “Temple Baptist Church” allegedly supporting Moore, however, is false:
There is a church by that name in Alabama, located in Cullman. But a spokesperson from Temple Baptist called us to confirm that the picture was not taken at their church and was instead a digitally-altered version of the billboard of another church by the same name in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Max Perkins, the pastor at the Las Cruces Temple Baptist Church, confirmed that their church's billboard had been used as the basis for several fake “messages.” They said:
A call for miners to join SmartPool private test on Ethereum
Loi Luu Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 8, 2017
TL;DR (1) We started a closed (by invitation only) beta testing on mainnet, and calling more miners to join (2) Our donation campaign is over. Existing funds will be enough to launch our operational pool on Ethereum soon.
Its been a month since our last update, many interesting things have happened since then. We first give a brief update of what we have accomplished during the last month.
The most exciting news that we want to share is that SmartPool has been deployed and tested on Ethereum Classic for several days. Our pool has been running smoothly without any glitch since the deployment, has mined over 30 blocks to date. We thank Aurel Iance and a few other miners who have helped us consistently in the test. We chose to start initial beta testing on Ethereum Classic is because the hashrate is much smaller there, and we can see over simulate ten times higher relative hash power with the same cost in comparison to Ethereum. We plan to switch to Ethereum mainnet in a matter of days.
We have stopped the donation campaign. In total we have received 1648 ETH, in which roughly 1630 ETH was donated back in February when ETH was priced at around 10 USD each. The total number of SmartPool tokens that we issued to the donors is 224,101, and we pre-minted 600K tokens. To express our gratitude, we have decided to distribute some of the pre-minted tokens to existing token holders. Specifically, there are 764820 of SPT issued to the date June 8th, 2017. The SmartPool team keeps only 50% of the total number of the tokens after the distribution (which happened in this transaction). Please keep in mind that the tokens do not have any financial implication at the moment. They merely represent the contributions that donors have contributed to SmartPool in our donation campaign. Once we launch SmartPool publicly in the Ethereum mainnet, which is likely to happen in the next month, we will consider a proper mechanism to reward token holders.
Call for help from miners
We are looking for miners to join our private test on the Ethereum mainnet. Please let us know if you have a spare PC/ laptop which is in the same network with your mining rigs. We will assist you on the setup, but you can take a quick look at the instructions here. It will not take you more than 100 Ethereum blocks to finish the setup to join SmartPool. We promise!
SmartPool offers pay per share payment scheme! You are getting paid regardless to pool's luck or size. So you do not loss anything by joining our testing. There is no minimal hash rate required to join SmartPool private test. However, 10 GHs would enable a daily payment, while other will have to wait a bit longer to be paid to avoid high fees.
What is more awesome: we will not charge any fees in our private test. The fees you may have to pay for the transactions fee should be around 0.01 ETH, thanks to the recent 4 GWei gas price in the Ethereum network. Hence, we are the most attractive pay-per-share mining pool currently operates over Ethereum.
Please join and help us reinforce the decentralization of Ethereum! Ping us on Twitter or gitter, or drop us a line to admin@smartpool.io if you are ready.
Acknowledgement
We would like to thank the SmartPool donors for their generous donations. We thank Aurel Iance and Viet Vu and other miners for helping us to test SmartPool on Ethereum Classic.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 9, 2017, 6:28 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 9, 2017, 7:48 PM GMT By Elizabeth Chuck
A California woman is suing CVS, the largest pharmacy chain in America, for allegedly charging more to customers who use insurance to pay for certain generic prescriptions.
The lawsuit, filed on Monday, accuses CVS Health Corporation of participating in a "fraudulent scheme" and claims the plaintiff, Megan Schultz, paid $165.68 for a prescription in July that, had they bought without using insurance, would have only cost $92.
"CVS never told them that paying in cash would allow them to pay 45% less for the drug; instead, CVS remained silent and took their money — knowing full well that no reasonable consumer would make such a choice," the complaint says.
A CVS Pharmacy in Miami, Florida. Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
The problem, it alleges, is with co-pays sent back to pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs — the intermediary between insurance companies and pharmacies who negotiate the prices that insurance companies have to pay the pharmacies. PBMs control which pharmacies are in-network for the insurers, incentivizing CVS to offer them a portion of their sales so they can get more clients.
But consumers picking up prescriptions at their neighborhood CVS are blind to that. The agreements between CVS and the PBMs are based on confidential contracts, meaning the "consumer pays the amount negotiated between the PBM and CVS even if that amount exceeds the price of the drug without insurance," the suit says.
As a result, it continues, CVS can overcharge unknowing costumers by collecting co-pays that exceed the pharmacists' price and then remit the excess payment back to the PBMs in what's known as "clawback" payments.
The particular prescriptions taken by the plaintiff were not identified, but the lawsuit said the "affected drugs" in the alleged scheme included amoxicillin, Viagra, Lexapro, and other commonly prescribed drugs.
The lawsuit seeks class-action status.
CVS denied the allegations, responding in a statement that they "are built on a false premise and are completely without merit."
"Co-pays for prescription medications are determined by a patient's prescription coverage plan, not by the pharmacy. Pharmacies collect the co-pays that are set by the coverage plans. Our pharmacists work hard to help patients obtain the lowest out-of-pocket cost available for their prescriptions. Also, our PBM CVS Caremark does not engage in the practice of co-pay clawbacks. CVS has not overcharged patients for prescription co-pays, and we will vigorously defend against these baseless allegations," the Woonsocket, Rhode Island-based pharmacy chain said.
The National Association of Chain Drug Stores, of which CVS is a member, declined to comment.
"No market is as thinly regulated as PBMs, and they're increasingly taking advantage of it."
David Balto, a former policy director of the Federal Trade Commission who is now an antitrust lawyer, called the alleged conduct by CVS "egregious" and told NBC News that PBMs are in dire need of federal regulation.
"No market is as thinly regulated as PBMs, and they're increasingly taking advantage of it," they said. "I think it's crystal clear: Letting these entities live in a Wild West regulatory environment just leads to higher costs for consumers."
Lowering drug prices has long been a goal for both political parties. President Trump met with top pharmaceutical executives at the White House in January and urged them to push their costs down, telling them, "We have no choice."
But the particular problem of clawbacks has only recently gotten attention, mostly at the state level. Last month, Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy signed a bill to stop the practice.
At least 16 other lawsuits have been filed against various drugstore chains accused of engaging in clawback practices, the complaint says.
All weekend long
Now through Sunday, take advantage of the 2016 Virginia Beach Restaurant Week.
Thursday through Sunday, Memorials to the Missing continues at ODU University Theatre.
Thursday through Sunday, head to the Hampton Roads Convention Center for the Mid-Atlantic Quilt Festival XXVII.
Friday and Saturday, enjoy the Virginia Ballet Theatre as they present the world premiere production of VIVALDERA, set to Vivaldi's The Four Seasons. The show will be at the TCC Roper Performing Arts Center.
Friday through Sunday, the Virginia Arts Festival presents Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre at Chrysler Hall.
Thursday
6:30pm: Hear Asking Alexandria, While They Sleep, and Bullet for My Valentine at the Norva. Nothing creepy about the band names in that one.
7:30pm: Enter the wonderful world of illusion at the Sandler Center for the Performing Arts as they feature Illusionist Rick Thomas.
7:30pm: Head to the Ferguson Center for the Arts to hear Patty Griffin, Sara Watkins, and Anaïs Mitchell sing together on one stage.
8pm: The Reef will be live at Doc Taylor's Seaside Market Lounge.
8pm: Nothing screams fun like the 80s. Send yourself back in time at 80s night at Belmont House of Smoke.
9pm: Find your way to Work Release for THRWBACK.
9pm: Catch Now Now Children, Karacell, and Values666 at Norfolk Taphouse.
Friday
5:30pm: Are you a Scrabble fanatic? Do you cream everyone in Words with Friends? If yes, you'll wanna check out the 10th Annual Scrabble for Literacy Tournament at WHRO.
6-8pm: Eat some tasty tuna tacos from Bro's Fish Tacos while hanging at St. George Brewing Company and listening to Lovecats.
7pm: Don't miss the world famous Harlem Globetrotters at the Ted. If you miss them on Friday, check out the Sunday show.
7pm: Catch Young Greatness, OG Boobie Black, and Kevin Gates at the Norva.
8pm: Laugh it up during the Improv Riot at the Push Comedy Theater.
8pm-12am: Hear Steve Forss Live at The Tailgate Sports Pub in Virginia Beach.
9pm: It's time for Free Fridays at Work Release. This week, hear live performances by Moon Hooch and Sink Tapes.
Saturday
11am: The Chrysler Museum of Art presents Legacies Matter: Moses Grandy Illustrated.
11am-2pm: Take the fam to the Virginia Living Museum for the Children's Theater presentation of “George Washington Carver & Friends.”
12pm: The Bold Mariner Brewing Company is having a release party for their Liberty Risk Double IPA.
12pm: Coelacanth Brewing Company is releasing its Quiet Storm milk stout. You can also catch Amy Kaus there at 3pm.
12-9pm: Join Reaver Beach Brewing Company as they release the Lunatic. They will apparently be releasing the Lunatic from a bottle?
12-2pm: Meet author Diana Miller during the Author Signing at the Book Exchange in Norfolk.
1pm: Join Chrysler Museum Brock Curator of American Art for a very special gallery talk focusing on Beauford Delaney, James Baldwin, and the Civil Rights Movement in 1965.
4-9pm: Grab a bud and head to the 2016 Ghent Winter Bar Tour.
4:30pm: Catch live music from the PC Duo at Smartmouth Beer.
5pm: Back Bay Brewing is hosting Tim Skirven's One Night Art Show & Fire Sale.
6-9pm: The newly rescheduled SweetART: Family Night will be at the Virginia MOCA this weekend.
6pm: Celebrate Cure's 5th Birthday!
7-10pm: Let loose at this cocktail party inspired by the show Chopped.
8pm: If you like music from Pink Floyd, The Talking Heads and Phish, you'll wanna get to the Norva for Pink Talking Fish and The Mirrors.
8pm: Head to Work Release for Saturday Sessions with DJ Bee, Froxstarr, and Javier Lopez.
8pm: Relationship therapy is always funny when it isn't your own relationship. See how hilarious it can get at Couples Therapy with Alan Johnson and the Alan Johnson Quintet at the Push.
8-11pm: Things will get a little crazy at Topgolf in Virginia Beach during Suits & Boots.
9:30-11pm: Catch the ever fun Fighting Jamesons at Commonwealth Brewing Company during their unplugged session.
10pm-1am: Here's a bear assault you can get behind. Check it out at MJ's Tavern.
Sunday
10am-1pm: Stretch it out at Peace n Pints at Smartmouth.
11am-4pm: Catch the VOW Bridal Event at the Virginia Beach Convention Center.
11:30am: If you got up too late to catch yoga at Smartmouth, you're in luck! Detox to Retox Yoga is at Commonwealth Brewing Company.
12-1pm: Catch the free noon demo with artist Heather Bryant at the Chrysler Museum Glass Studio. These fill up fast, so get there early.
1-5pm: Smartmouth is now open on Sundays! Celebrate their first Sunday with Waffletina.
1-6pm: Join Coelacanth Brewing as they feature Amanda Page Stephens during Beer is Art.
3:30pm: Even kids can be funny, and these kids are graduating! Join the Push Comedy Theater for The Pullers! – Kids Improv Graduation Show.
4-7pm: Join WHRO at the Renaissance Portsmouth-Norfolk Waterfront Hotel for the Strolling Supper.
5:45pm: Head to the Scope Arena for the Winter Jam 2016 Tour Spectacular.
If you would like your event included in the Reasons, e-mail the information with the date of the event in the subject line to mermaidcitygal@gmail.com.
Facebook Comments
The location of a rock target called "Knorr" is indicated on this self-portrait of the Curiosity rover in the "Yellowknife Bay" area. This self-portrait is a mosaic of images taken by Curiosity's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) camera during the 177th Martian day, or sol, of Curiosity's work on Mars (Feb. 3, 2013).
NASA's Mars rover Curiosity will be on its own for the first time over the next four weeks, thanks to an unfavorable alignment of the Red Planet, Earth and the sun.
Curiosity's handlers don't plan to send any commands to the car-size robot from today (April 4) through May 1. The sun comes between Earth and the Red Planet during this time, in a formation known as a Mars solar conjunction.
"The [communications] moratorium is a precaution against possible interference by the sun corrupting a command sent to the rover," NASA officials wrote last week in a Curiosity rover mission update.
While some mission team members may take advantage of the break to lie on a beach somewhere, Curiosity itself won't necessarily be idle. The 1-ton rover can continue doing stationary science work at a site known as Yellowknife Bay using commands sent up in advance, officials have said. [How NASA Deals with a Mars Solar Conjunction (Video)]
NASA's other active Mars spacecraft — the Opportunity rover, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) and Mars Odyssey orbiter — will also go solo during conjunction, though for shorter periods of time. These robotic explorers won't receive any new commands from April 9 through April 26.
MRO and Mars Odyssey help relay data from Opportunity and Curiosity to Earth. MRO goes into a four-week-long record-only mode today, but Odyssey will keep sending rover information home throughout conjunction, helping engineers keep tabs on Opportunity and Curiosity.
"We will maintain visibility of rover status two ways," Torsten Zorn, of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., said in a statement last month. Zorn is conjunction planning leader for Curiosity's engineering operations team. "First, Curiosity will be sending daily beeps directly to Earth. Our second line of visibility is in the Odyssey relays."
Mars solar conjunctions come around evey 26 months, so veterans of NASA's various Mars campaigns are used to dealing with them. Opportunity is weathering its fifth conjunction, for example, and Odyssey its sixth.
But this will be the first conjunction experience for Curiosity, which landed inside Mars' huge Gale Crater this past August to determine if the Red Planet could ever have supported microbial life.
The Curiosity team has already achieved its main mission goal, announcing last month that the Yellowknife Bay area was a wet, habitable environment — perhaps a lake — billions of years ago. Researchers came to this conclusion after studying analyses Curiosity performed of material drilled from deep within an outcrop in early February.
The rover team wants to drill another rock to confirm and extend what Curiosity has already observed. But this second drilling operation won't take place until after conjunction, officials have said.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com.
With the Russian election hacking scandal having gone from the merely strange, to the bizarre, to the ironic, to the McCarthyist, and most recently, jumping the patently absurd shark - as of last night, anyone who is against Hillary is "influenced by Russia" according to a former Clinton advisor - Russia decided to have some fun at the expense of US paranoia.
On Saturday, the ministry posted the following audio file of the "new" automated telephone switchboard message for Russian embassies.
"You have reached the Russian embassy, your call is very important to us. To arrange a call from a Russian diplomat to your political opponent, press 1. To use the services of Russian hackers press 2. To request election interference, press 3 and wait until the next election campaign. Please note that all calls are recorded for quality improvement and training purposes."
Russian MFA developed automated voicemail system - please listen (Russian, then English) and tell us your opinion. Feedback appreciated! https://t.co/HH23WC1THi — Russian Embassy, UK (@RussianEmbassy) April 1, 2017
And just to make it clear, it is April 1: as AP observes for the countless spy agencies, and congressional committees still trying to explain how Moscow subliminally influenced millions of Americans to vote for Trump instead of Hillary, a ministry officer confirmed that the post was a joke.
The Little Red-Haired Girl is an unseen character in the Peanuts comic strip by Charles M. Schulz, who serves as the object of Charlie Brown's affection, and a symbol of unrequited love. While never seen in the strip, they appear onscreen in several television specials, in which their name has been revealed as Heather Wold. Charlie Brown most often notices them while eating lunch outdoors, always failing to muster the courage to speak to them They figure prominently in Valentine's Day strips, several of which focus on Charlie Brown's hope of getting a valentine from them Charlie Brown typically attempts to give them a valentine but panics at the last minute.
Appearances [ edit ]
Charlie Brown first catches sight of them in the November 19, 1961 strip, saying they would "give anything in the world if that little girl with the red hair would come over and sit with me."[1] In July 1969, a story arc ran depicting the Little Red-Haired Girl moving away. Charlie Brown despaired that they would never see them again.[2] They saw them from a distance later that year while skiing.[3] Peppermint Patty and Marcie encountered them at summer camp a few years later in 1972, where it is stated that they are aware of Charlie Brown (despite their belief that they do not know they exist) and is talking about them to the other girls at camp, although what they say of them and how they feel about them are not stated. Eventually, the Little Red-Haired Girl moved back to Charlie Brown's neighborhood, with no further mention of them ever having been away.
The 1967 Peanuts animated TV special You're in Love, Charlie Brown revolved entirely around Charlie Brown's obsession with the Little Red-Haired Girl. After several failed attempts at making conversation with them on the last two days of school, they stuff a note into Charlie Brown's hands as students rush past them to board the school bus. Thinking they have ruined their final chance at meeting her, they read the letter, which affectionately states, "I like you, Charlie Brown. Signed, the Little Red-Haired Girl." Ecstatic, Charlie Brown skips their way home, realizing they have triumphed against what they consider all odds. Throughout the entirety of You're in Love, Charlie Brown, the Little Red-Haired Girl is not seen once.
The Little Red-Haired Girl returned in the 1977 special It's Your First Kiss, Charlie Brown, making their first ever onscreen appearance. Linus tells Charlie Brown that their name is "Heather", and that they are the Homecoming Queen. Charlie Brown becomes a wreck, trying desperately to impress them once they learn that they have been chosen to escort them to the dance after the football game. After spending nearly the entire duration of the special stressing about meeting her, they eventually muster up the courage to give them a kiss. Heather appeared onscreen again in the 1985 special Happy New Year, Charlie Brown! They did not have a speaking role in either of the asupervisorstioned specials.
Schulz did not consider these animated appearances to be canonical, although they wrote the screenplay himself. The Little Red-Haired Girl was once seen in the comics in silhouette on May 25, 1998, dancing with Snoopy. When the storyline was adapted as part of the 2002 special A Charlie Brown Valentine, they were seen unshadowed but had a different design than suggested by the silhouette, and completely different from their two previous appearances in It's Your First Kiss, Charlie Brown and Happy New Year, Charlie Brown! A third animated version of the Little Red-Haired Girl is briefly seen in the introduction sequence used in the second season of The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show, in which they again look different from their other appearances. Another appearance includes the 1988 special Snoopy!!! The Musical (albeit a brief cameo). They also appear in A Charlie Brown Valentine. In The Peanuts Movie, they have a much different design based on the earlier mentioned silhouette, and on the test score sheet, it is revealed their name is Heather Wold, after their name in the specials and the last name of Donna Wold, the real-life inspiration behind the character. The film marked the first time the Little Red-Haired Girl spoke in all Peanuts-related media, with Charlie Brown finally succeeding in talking to them  They are voiced by Francesca Capaldi who also voiced Frieda.
Inspiration [ edit ]
A former co-worker, Donna Mae Wold (born Donna Mae Johnson January 3, 1929 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, died August 8, 2016 in Richfield, Minnesota[4][5]), was Schulz's inspiration for the character. A 1947 high school graduate, Johnson was working in the accounting department of the Art Instruction, Inc., a correspondence school where Schulz worked. Johnson and Schulz eventually became romantically involved and dated for three years, but in 1950 when Schulz proposed to her, they turned them down, saying they were already engaged. Schulz was devastated,[6] but they and Donna remained friends for the rest of their life.[7] Said Schulz of the relationship, "I can think of no more emotionally damaging loss than to be turned down by someone whom you love very much. A person who not only turns you down, but almost immediately will marry the victor. What a bitter blow that is."[8]
Only one known Schulz drawing (aside from the asupervisorstioned silhouette) of the little red-haired girl exists.[9] It was drawn in 1950, long before they were mentioned in Peanuts. The girl in the drawing strongly resembles Patty (not to be confused with the later character Peppermint Patty), a character who was prominent in the early days of the strip. A book containing the sketch also has a photo of Johnson with Schulz. "I'd like to see Charlie Brown kick that football, and if they get the little red-haired girl, that's fine with me," Donna said around the time Schulz announced their retirement in 1999. On Valentine's Day 2011, the Schulz Museum gave free admission to all redheaded girls and boys in honor of the Little Red-Haired Girl.[10]
Voiced by [ edit ]
A Brooklyn restaurant is doing the work of a higher power, as it toasting the much-anticipated return of Arrested Development this weekend with an eight-course tasting menu inspired by some of the most memorable food moments from the show.
Three Letters in Brooklyn has the entire $45 menu on its website, and it goes far beyond what you might get at a frozen banana stand. The first course will be corn croquettes served with brown butter, or as you might come to dub them, Cornballs:
Then, it's on to the soup course, a ham consommé with fried country ham, asparagus, and chive oil. It's a dish that is made in the tradition of Hot Ham Water, “so watery .., and yet there's a smack of ham to it”:
Next is the Mayonegg Intermezzo, egg mayonnaise in a lettuce cup, with sorrel gribiche:
The dinner continues with dishes like “Chicken Gene Parmesan with Spicy Club Sauce” and “Carl Weathers' Stew, Baby”; and the finale of the savory courses is a dish inspired by the show's best restaurant scene: “The Ike and Tina Tuna, Plate or Platter.”
Since no tasting menu is complete without beverage pairings, there are two options:
Buster's Bender (a tall glass of juice):
Or, Lucille's Breakfast (vodka rocks and a cracker):
[via Gothamist]
MILAN — Flattened like a panini by the large crowd waiting to get into the Moschino show at the Palazzo Serbelloni on Thursday evening, I was reminded of the notorious Black Friday stampedes at Walmart.
“Can this possibly be worth it?” I thought. As the model Coco Rocha came through, fans screamed and advanced for a closer look, compressing strangers into positions more intimate than those shared by some spouses. I have no doubt that if a truly famous person had arrived, as the pop star Katy Perry did, almost an hour late last season, there would have been a fatality or two.
When we finally broke through and took our seats, the big-box store analogy made more sense: There were Moschino-branded Barbie dolls on the front-row seats, and hot-pink hand mirrors for hoi polloi.
Mar 21 2017 6:43PM GMT
Tags:
Thanks! We'll email you
when relevant content is
added and updated. Following government Thanks! We'll email you
when relevant content is
added and updated. Following Storage
You may recall that a couple of years ago we ran a piece talking about how Ada County, the most populous county in Idaho, was desperately looking for Zip disks and drives to help keep its aging voting machines running.
As it turns out, Ada County isn't alone. Apparently a lot of counties are in the same boat.
In case you don't remember, or are too young to remember, Zip disks and drives were developed by Iomega in 1994. They were a similar size to floppy disks – thicker – but held considerably more data; they started at 100 MB and eventually went up to 750 MB. (Which, in those days, was a lot.) Another interesting distinction about them is that they could be used for either PCs or Apple computers.
Several of the major voting machines used back in the day, such as the ESS Model 650 Central Scanner, used Zip disks. And a number of the counties that considered themselves cutting-edge now have to deal with the ancient technology.
“At least once a year, staffers in one of Texas' largest election offices scour the web for a relic from a bygone technology era: Zip disks,” writes David Saleh Rauf for the Associated Press. “The advanced version of the floppy disk that was cutting edge in the mid-1990s plays a vital role in tallying votes in Bexar County, where like other places around the U.S., money to replace antiquated voting equipment is scarce.”
Bexar County, which had more than 1 million registered voters in the 2016 election and includes the city of San Antonio, bought its voting equipment in 2002. Now, it's among the oldest in Texas, Rauf writes. Other states with Zip-disk voting systems include California, North Dakota, and Ohio.
2002 was a big year for acquiring voting machines in the wake of the 2000 “hanging chad” problem. “The 2002 Help America Vote Act provided $4 billion to states, but that money is largely gone,” Rauf writes. “With many state legislatures unwilling to allocate funding, election officials are left scrambling to make do.”
For example, 43 states used machines that were at least a decade old and nearing the end of their lifespans during November's presidential election, according to the Brennan Center for Justice, Rauf writes. “Election officials in the least 31 states want to purchase new voting machines in the coming years, according to a 2015 report from the center. Most, however, don't know where they'll get the money.”
Here are some examples:
Arkansas: Lawmakers two years ago approved $30 million for new statewide voting systems, but the appropriation was never funded, so the secretary of state's office used leftover money in its budget to improve equipment for part of the state, Rauf writes
California: The secretary of state has projected it could cost up to $450 million to replace voting machines
North Dakota: Lawmakers recently rejected proposals for $12 million to replace voting equipment, even after being told machines could be unworkable by the next presidential cycle
Ohio: The elections chief is asking state lawmakers for help for counties, noting that it cost more than $100 million to replace old machines with money from the U.S. government in 2005
Texas: Legislation would create a program for counties to apply for a state grant to cover up to half the cost to replace voting machines
On the other hand, Johnson County in Texas says it's fine with the Zip disk systems and doesn't have any trouble keeping stocked up, writes Todd Glasscock in the Cleburne Times-Review.
People buying Zip disks online also sometimes get more than they bargained for, like the fellow in Houston who ended up with nine Zip disks of personally identifiable information, including Social Security numbers.
But whatever happened to Ada County? The county updated its systems before last spring's Republican Presidential primary so that it no longer is dependent on Zip drives.
Wonder what it did with them. I think I know some people who could use them.
Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts, the first member of the billionaire baseball family to publicly support Donald Trump's campaign for the presidency, says he's telling the U.S. administration to not ruin the trading relationship many states like theirs have with Canada.
With the start of NAFTA negotiations just days away, Ricketts said trade and their state's beef industry are top topics whenever they talk to the president.
"I've talked to the administration. I've encouraged them to make sure we don't disrupt that great relationship," Ricketts told Chris Hall, host of CBC Radio's The House.
"You've got a lot of really smart people in that administration. We've communicated with them the importance of [the relationship] and I think they are going to do the right thing."
Ricketts was in Canada this week meeting with both government and business officials in Toronto and Ottawa.
Canada is Nebraska's largest export market, making Ricketts's visit similar to when a restaurant chef greets a star table.
"One of the reasons why I'm here in Canada is to thank our best customers here and let them know we appreciate the relationship and we're not taking it for granted," they said.
Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts says he's encouraging Trump to not "disrupt" the United State's relationship with Canada. 9:51
Still hoping for Keystone XL
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has said Canada wants emissions reduction measures and efforts to shift to a low-carbon economy written into the new NAFTA, but Ricketts said the issue wasn't raised during their trip to Canada.
"The devil is always in the details," they said.
Hearings in Nebraska held this week could decide the ultimate fate of the Keystone XL pipeline. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg)
The Nebraska governor is still hoping for confirmation of the Keystone XL expansion, which would connect Hardisty, Alta., to Steele City, Neb., with 1,900 kilometres of pipeline.
"I'd much rather buy oil from our closest ally, from people who like us, rather than the Middle East where maybe that's not really the case," they said.
The pipeline was the subject of a public hearing in Ricketts's home state this past week. The Nebraska Public Service Commission must decide by Nov. 23 whether to approve or reject the project.
For their part, Ricketts dismisses former president Barack Obama's view that there was no evidence Keystone XL would be a big jobs generator.
"We appreciate any new jobs," they quipped.
Complicated family history with Trump
Ricketts's family, majority owners of Major League Baseball's Chicago Cubs, have a complicated relationship with Trump.
Ricketts's father Joe, founder of TD Ameritrade, initially opposed Trump in the Republican primaries. At the time, Trump tweeted that the Ricketts family "better be careful, they have a lot to hide!"
"It means that I'll start spending on them. I'll start taking ads telling them all what a rotten job they're doing with the Chicago Cubs. I mean, they are spending [to buy ads] on me," Trump later clarified to the Washington Post in March, 2016 months before the team clinched the World Series.
The Wall Street Journal reported Ricketts decided to back Trump once they secured the Republican nomination.
Donald Trump shakes hands with Todd Ricketts, right, at Trump's National Golf Club Bedminster clubhouse in New Jersey late last year, when Ricketts was offered the job of deputy commerce secretary. They later withdrew from consideration. (The Associated Press)
Ricketts's brother Todd was tapped to be Trump's deputy secretary of commerce, but later withdrew from consideration.
NAFTA negotiations get underway in Washington on Wednesday.
John,
I've watched your video which describes the reasons you believe we should change the flag.
I am one of the many New Zealanders who strongly agree with you.
I know there are some who have dismissed this whole process as a waste of money and a distraction from other more important issues. I don't agree with that. I believe we are all capable of doing more than one thing at a time and actually I believe the symbols we use to represent ourselves on the international stage are important and worthy of discussion.
It's well publicised that your preference is for a design featuring the silver fern. The fern is a symbol we should all be proud of, and indeed my own submission to the design process was a simple silver fern design on a black background (what a shame that we let terrorists and pirates steal that option from us).
However, as shown by the English Rose, Scottish Thistle and South African Springbok & Protea (as well as many many others) it is possible to have a strong and widely recognised national symbol without necessarily having it represented on the national flag. Indeed all three of those countries have simple and distinctive flags which are also well loved and recognised. Whether our new flag includes a fern or not will not change at all the fact that we use and will continue to use the silver fern symbol almost ubiquitously, everywhere from rugby teams, to coins, to war graves.
During the process of public consultation I learned a lot about what makes a great flag design. I'll admit prior to this I wasn't familiar with the term “vexillology”. Presented with new information, I changed my opinion. There were a lot of very average designs proposed, but there were some great ones too, including this, which I now consider the best of the bunch:
The Red Peak, by Aaron Dustin
http://aotearoaflag.tumblr.com/
This is a considered and elegant design.
It has a story, referencing the Maori myth of Ranginui and Papatuanuku.
It cleverly combines two halves.
On the left a nod to tukutuku panels, with the traditional colours of black, red and white:
On the right a reference to the stars and Union Jack from the current flag:
It is designed to be a flag, with a single black panel in the critical top-left corner, which is prominent when the flag is hung.
It does not look out of place when displayed alongside other great flags, as will often be the case
vs
(yeah, nah!)
It works large and, importantly, small:
It is also very simple to draw, even for somebody with no artistic skills:
I was pleased to see this included in the long list and was looking forward to making the case for why this should be selected as the new flag design in the referendum process.
So, I was saddened and disappointed to see the four designs which have been selected for the short list.
I know you want this to be a democratic process, but frankly, given those choices it feels like no choice at all, since three of the designs are so similar and two are identical except for substituted colours. At the moment it's like being asked to choose between a Carl Jr, a Big Mac, a Whopper and … actually I don't know the burger equivalent of the hypnoflag, so I'll leave that to your imagination.
To win broad support, a challenger product or service needs to be remarkably better than the status quo (e.g. selling something on Trade Me vs using traditional newspaper classifieds). I worry that none of the options which have been put up will succeed on that basis. Even as a strong supporter for change, I don't believe any of these four designs are good enough. But, worse, I worry that one of them will be preferred over the current flag anyway.
You have set this process up, and you (and probably you alone at this stage) have the ability to change it.
I ask you to reconsider the short list, to replace one of the two identical silver fern designs with Red Peak, and at least give us the option to choose.
Regards,
Rowan
The defence White Paper, outlining France's defence priorities from 2014 to 2019, set an overall budget for the period of 179.2 billion euros (£151.4 billion) – meaning it will remain stable over the next six years.
Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy had already programmed to axe 54,000 defence jobs between 2008-2015. The latest white paper adds a further 24,000 cuts to these.
The cuts come as France Socialist government is battling to reduce state spending by 60 billion euros over President Francois Hollande's five-year term, and recently had to order ministries to save an extra five billion euros in 2014.
The defence ministry has seen its annual budget fall from about 2.5 per cent of economic output after the Cold War to 1.56 per cent of GDP, about 31 billion euros, in 2012.
France currently has 280,000 defence staff, both military and civilian, including 130,000 army personnel, 40,000 navy and 55,000 air force.
Under the long-term strategic plan, France's overall expeditionary force will be slashed from 30,000 men to between 15-20,000, but one defence official told Le Monde this would be enough to "repeat Mali, Libya or the Persian Gulf".
Franco-British projects to develop a helicopter-launched anti-ship missile and to renovate the Storm Shadow air-launched cruise missile appear no longer under threat. The future of France's only aircraft carrier, the Charles de Gaulle, is also secure meaning joint sea operations in which British aircraft would use France's carrier remain a possibility.
Under the paper, France will place more emphasis on fighting cyber warfare and will boost purchases of drones, which it lacked in Mali.
Last month, senior French defence officials warned mooted cuts of 30 billion euros by 2020 could jeopardise France's military "Entente Cordiale" with Britain, "kill" its conventional army and render Mali-type intervention impossible.
That worst-case scenario has been avoided after Mr Hollande stepped in to pledge: "We will spend in 2014 exactly the same amount as in 2013."
On Monday, the president insisted future defence spending will "ensure the best training, the best equipment and the best intelligence possible for our armies". The white paper's priorities were "protection, dissuasion and intervention," they said.
But General Vincent Desportes, former head of France's School of War, warned that France's decision to "sanctify" its nuclear deterrent to the detriment of conventional forces meant "we will end up with a model that doesn't work, namely the nuclear bomb plus gendarmes."
Hervé Morin, Mr Sarkozy's former defence minister, said the white paper was "calamitous" as it "leaves to (Mr Hollande's) successor the task of adapting our defence apparatus to budgetary constraints and France's debt".
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A ballet dancer who was told they would never walk again before defying doctors to perform in prestigious shows across Europe says they are “very, very lucky”.
Jack Widdowson was left for dead following a vicious attack by an illegal immigrant while on a night out in Cardiff in 2011.
They suffered a broken neck after being set upon by Mohammed Ali Mohamoed who was eventually jailed for 13 years.
Doctors feared Jack, who had been visiting their brother in university at the time, would never walk again.
But they made a “miracle” recovery and is now performing and teaching in venues across the UK, Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Jack, now 24, said: “This kind of thing can always happen if you are in the wrong place at the wrong time.
'Treatment was a godsend'
“I have tried to move along from it as much as possible. I was very, very lucky to be able to be dancing again and make a decent career for myself afterwards.
“The access to the amazing expertise from the surgeons and the treatment I received was really a godsend.
“I was very lucky to be so close to those doctors. It's thanks to them that I am back on my feet.
“When I was in hospital recovering, every day there was a little improvement. That was so encouraging and I am very thankful for that.
“I don't like to dwell on the past and it's nice to continue and to be able to dance again. I know I've said it a lot, but I'm very lucky.”
Following a night out while visiting brother George in Cardiff, Jack was making their way back home when Mohamoed staged a violent and vicious robbery.
Before leaving the budding stage star for dead with a broken neck, Mohamoed made off with the teenager's iPhone.
The attack also came the day after Jack, who was 19 at the time, learnt they had been called up as an understudy for a leading ballet role.
Following a trial at Cardiff Crown Court, court officials said Mohamoed was cleared of attempted murder but found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm and given a 13-year prison term.
A lot of positives
But Jack went on to make an amazing recovery, performing at the Glastonbury festival just six months later.
Jack, originally from Bath, said the saga has actually brought a lot of positive things forward too.
Inspired by their story, their family founded a charity called the Dance Again Foundation which helps dancers return to the stage after injury.
They explained: “I set up this charity with my parents and my injuries actually highlighted the fact that there's not so much dance rehabilitation and research in comparison to many other sports.
“The profession is incredibly demanding and there's just not that same level of support here as in other sports like it.
“There's nothing worse you can hear as a dancer than to be told you have an injury and you have to take three months off. You lose training, contracts and agreements.”
Watch as a gifted pianist who went deaf is able to play the piano again
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The foundation, now run by other members of Jack's family, supports injured dancers and their families with immediate post-injury advice and help with early rehabilitation. It works with the medical team to achieve the optimum recovery.
Charity getting bigger and bigger
Jack said it is going from strength to strength and has helped hundreds of dancers across the country since being founded.
They added: “It was good to investigate it a bit more and fill this niche, and our charity is now getting bigger and bigger.”
Shortly after recovering, they were taken on by Swiss company Bern Ballett and now lives in St Gallen.
They travel around the country, visiting places like Germany and Austria, performing and teaching.
Jack said they still love ballet but is now more geared towards contemporary dance and dance theatre.
They and the charity are currently organising a large event in London in partnership with Action Against Cancer called Silent Cell, which will place next year. It will highlight arts and science and the process of recovering from injury.
Their next large dance show on the continent will be at the Salzburg Festival in Austria.
The Conservative government is facing renewed criticism over its treatment of Canadian veterans after the Auditor-General reported many vets are waiting months – and in some cases years – to access mental-health disability benefits.
The fall 2014 report from Auditor-General Michael Ferguson outlines a web of bureaucratic delays that veterans face when applying for help, including outright rejections of benefits that are mostly overturned when veterans launch lengthy appeals.
"I think it's important to understand that the services Veterans Affairs funds and makes available to veterans are important services," Mr. Ferguson said at a news conference in Ottawa Tuesday. "It's important for [veterans] to get access to that long-term care as quickly as possible."
Story continues below advertisement
Canadian veterans are eligible to receive mental-health services, including psychological care and prescription drugs, which are not covered by provincial health plans. To access this care, veterans must provide evidence that their condition is related to their military service.
The Auditor-General found that whether it's gaining access to military records or waiting for an appointment to visit operational stress injury assessment clinics, veterans face several factors that contribute to delays in getting help.
Of the 15,385 vets who applied for mental-health disability benefits between April, 2006, and June, 2014, 24 per cent were denied benefits. The report said 1,297 veterans who were denied benefits challenged the decision and 65 per cent were successful. A victory on appeal took between six months and three years for 695 veterans, while a further 128 vets waited from three to more than seven years.
The report also found that Veterans Affairs is not meeting its own target of providing 80 per cent of applicants with a decision on their eligibility within 16 weeks from the date the department considers the application to be "complete." Instead, that target was met 75 per cent of the time last year. The Auditor-General said actual waiting times are twice as long given the delays that occur before the department considers an application complete.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper noted the report gave a positive review of a separate rehabilitation program for veterans, but acknowledged that more must be done for mental-health disability claims.
"The Auditor-General did note that the process is unnecessarily long and difficult. For that reason, the department has accepted those recommendations," they said in response to opposition questions in the House of Commons.
A spokesperson for Veterans Affairs Minister Julian Fantino responded to the report by pointing to Sunday's announcement of $200-million over five years for veterans' mental health.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The government receives advance copies of reports from the Auditor-General, and opposition critics said Sunday's announcement of new spending was clearly aimed at putting out a positive message ahead of bad news for the government.
Michael Blais, the president of Canadian Veterans Advocacy, said the findings of the Auditor-General validated the work of their group. "We have been saying this for two years now, that the waiting times were too long, that the consequences were real because of the delays," Mr. Blais said.
"To have the Auditor-General come out and substantiate that was pretty good for us."
At a military health research conference in Toronto, General Tom Lawson, the Chief of the Defence Staff, said mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the Canadian Forces.
"Our operations, quite frankly, are leaving a mark on our people," they told the audience.
Gen. Lawson said the military has established a strong health-care system to help soldiers deal with mental scars, noting there are 26 mental-health clinics as well as other avenues for care. They believe progress has been made on removing the stigma around seeking treatment.
Story continues below advertisement
Mark Zamorski, a senior medical epidemiologist with the Canadian Forces health services group, said the mental-health system has improved greatly over the past dozen years. Still, post-traumatic stress disorder rates among soldiers have increased, illustrating that the improvements don't outweigh the impact of the Afghanistan mission, they told the audience.
Mr. Fantino's name and photo were on the conference agenda as a scheduled speaker Tuesday, but the minister's office said they had never planned to attend. Mr. Fantino was not available for comment because they were in Italy to participate in events marking the 70th anniversary of the Italian campaign of the Second World War.
An announcement of their trip to Italy was sent out in early August. But conference organizers said Mr. Fantino confirmed their attendance at their event in late summer, and they did not know until three or four weeks ago that it was possible they would not be there.
With files from Renata D'Aliesio in Toronto
SUNRISE, Fla. -- Center Aleksander Barkov will be back in the Florida Panthers lineup Monday against the Tampa Bay Lightning (7:30 p.m. ET; TVA Sports, SUN, FS-F) after missing 10 games because of a broken bone in their right hand.
Barkov, 20, was second on the Panthers with three goals and six points in seven games when they were injured Oct. 22 against the Chicago Blackhawks.
"He's real dependable,"?Panthers coach Gerard Gallant said. "He's a young player but he's so young at both ends of the ice. He's a 200-foot player and he's a big, strong guy. Faceoffs, power play, penalty killing; they do it all for us. He's a big part of our team. But other guys stepped up and played big roles and that's how you win."
The Panthers went 4-4-2 during Barkov's absence.
Barkov took part in the morning skate Thursday but did not play that night against the Buffalo Sabres, and the same happened Saturday against the Lightning.
"I???asked the trainers about Saturday and they said it might be too early,"???Barkov said. "It was good to get two more days to get the hand better and conditioning and everything else."
Barkov is expected to reunite on the Panthers' first line with Jonathan Huberdeau and Jaromir Jagr. That line has been together since the Panthers acquired Jagr in a trade with the New Jersey Devils on Feb. 26.
Barkov said they didn't think it would take any time for them to click again.
"Last year when [Jagr]???came we had a couple of chances in our first shift so I???think we didn't lose anything,"???Barkov said. "We just keep going and play the same way as we did.
"It's a lot of fun to play with those guys. You don't think too much; you know where to go and they know where to go."
Xi Jinping portrays China as leader of globalised world as Donald Trump era looms
Posted
China will build a "new model" of relations with the United States, President Xi Jinping said, in a speech that portrayed China as the leader of a globalised world where only international cooperation could solve the big problems.
Key points: Mr Xi says big countries should treat smaller countries as equals
Right groups welcome Mr Xi's words but remain wary of China's human rights record
Mr Xi says China will never seek expansion, hegemony or sphere of influence
Two days before the inauguration of Donald Trump who has promised to be a US president putting "America first", Mr Xi urged countries to resist isolationism.
"Trade protectionism and self-isolation will benefit no-one," Mr Xi told an invited audience at the United Nations in Geneva.
"Big countries should treat smaller countries as equals instead of acting as a hegemon imposing their will on others."
Mr Xi called for the world to unite on everything from environmental protection to terrorism and nuclear disarmament, in contrast to Mr Trump who has said they have an "open mind" on climate change and that the United States would win any nuclear arms race.
"We will build a circle of friends across the whole world," Mr Xi said.
"We will strive to build a new model of major country relations with the United States, a comprehensive strategic partnership of coordination with Russia, a partnership for peace, growth, reform and among different civilisations and a partnership of unity and cooperation with BRICS countries."
While UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres told Mr Xi it was "very reassuring to see China assuming such a clear leadership in multilateralism in today's world", rights campaigners expressed concerns about China's record.
'China will never seek expansion'
"It is unfortunate that Chinese President Xi was given an obsequious red carpet treatment at the UN today while NGOs with concerns about their dismal rights record were kept out," said Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch.
Western governments have accused China of widespread rights abuses and its smaller neighbours say it has expansionist ambitions in the South China Sea, things Beijing denies.
"We always put people's rights and interests above everything else and we have worked hard to develop and uphold human rights," Mr Xi said.
"China will never seek expansion, hegemony or sphere of influence."
Mr Xi's speech was the finale of a trip that included topping the bill at the World Economic Forum in Davos.
The United Nations — at risk of budget cuts from Mr Trump — ensured the grandest possible welcome for Mr Xi, and many UN staff went home early to clear the way for the red carpet.
Mr Trump tweeted on December 26 that the United Nations "has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!"
Reuters
Topics: world-politics, human, china, asia, united-states
Tribe members insist that the 1877 act of Congress that moved the Sioux from their sacred Black Hills is not valid: it wasn't agreed to by enough tribe members, and the land was never for sale in the first place. When the Supreme Court in 1980 affirmed the original award of $102 million, Gonzalez told me, “there was some jubilation among some of the tribal members. But there were a lot of younger people, including me, who felt that the Indian Claims Commission process, as it applied to the Sioux land claims, was a sham, and we should not participate.”
After all, if the land was never for sale, how can you ever accept money for it? Yet the federal courts consider the ownership question to be settled. The ICC had no authority to return land to the Sioux—just to give them restitution in the form of money. “The courthouse doors have been slammed in our face,” Gonzalez says. “Congress and the president are the only viable branches of government that can really resolve these issues.”
Some Sioux want to take the money now, Gonzalez says. “We tell them, ‘Our grandfathers and great-grandparents spilled a lot of blood so future generations could have a homeland that included the Black Hills.'” If the tribes accept the settlement, they add, “and the money is all gone three years from now, that's when the Sioux will become a defeated people. That's when you will see them walking around in shame with their heads hanging.”
Over the years, it has been suggested that Congress find a way to let the principal stand but give the Sioux the interest for much-needed services—or even to buy land in the Black Hills. But both tribe members and federal officials have told me they have little confidence that the Sioux could put such suggestions into practice. Not long ago, one high-level official who has worked closely with the tribes told me it would take new kinds of leaders to get past long histories and territorial jealousies to effectively manage the money. This official has come to think that taking the money could actually tear the Sioux apart—a greater risk than the poverty they face today.
Gonzalez sees only one way forward. Soon after Obama's inauguration, the Great Plains Tribal Chairman's Association established the Sapa Reparations Alliance (He Sapa means “Black Hills” in Lakota), to educate the Sioux about the land claim and to create a proposal for Congress. That proposal could give the Sioux shared ownership and management of roughly 1.3 million acres of federal land within the Black Hills—land, Gonzalez hastens to point out, that does not include federal installations like post offices or, to name a more prominent example, Mount Rushmore.
Little is simple in Indian country, with its treaties, regulations, widely varying systems of tribal governance—and, in the case of the Sioux, a billion dollars burning a hole in the collective consciousness. Yet what the Sioux are asking for has precedent. During the Nixon administration, Congress returned 48,000 acres of federal land in Carson National Forest in New Mexico to the Taos Pueblo. I worked on one decade-long battle to help the Salish and Kootenai in Montana co-manage the National Bison Range, which is in the middle of their reservation. The Oglala Sioux have co-managed the southern portion of Badlands National Park for 35 years.
Indiana Lt. Gov. Eric Holcomb has been chosen as the Republican nominee to run against Democrat John Gregg in this November's gubernatorial election.
State Republicans selected Holcomb to replace Gov. Mike Pence on the ballot during a meeting that started Tuesday morning and stretched into the afternoon.
A 22-member Indiana Republican Party committee voted in private to choose Holcomb, who was vying for the spot against U.S. Reps. Susan Brooks and Todd Rokita, along with state Sen. Jim Tomes of Evansville.
“We've got work to do and a short time to get there,” Holcomb said in a press conference after the private vote. They said they were "honored and gratified by the expression of support.”
Holcomb said they would soon seek a lieutenant governor candidate. Both Brooks and Rokita said they were interested in returning back to their seats in Congress when asked about taking the No. 2 spot on the ballot.
Republican Party Jeff Cardwell refused to release the vote totals. The committee seemed to be pretty evenly split between Holcomb and Brooks. Former Republican State Rep. Mitch Harper tweeted at one point that the voting went to a second ballot, meaning no one got the majority on the first vote. The new nominee was required to earn 12 votes.
The choice followed a flurry of behind-the-scenes lobbying that took place after Pence was selected nearly two weeks ago by Donald Trump as their vice presidential pick.
“I feel confident Eric is best situated to transition right into the role of being the next governor,” said committee member Jamey Noel, who helped run Holcomb's canceled Senate campaign and came out early to support them in this race.
Though Brooks—who, if elected, would have been the state's first female governor—appeared to be an early favorite in the race, Holcomb appeared to curry more favor with the committee in recent days, with several committee members openly committing to vote to them on Monday.
That followed a dustup with some top donors, including GOP mega donor Al Hubbard, when Holcomb appeared to assert to committee members that they alone had assurances of financial support from Pence's $7 million war chest. Holcomb later clarified that they had not intended to suggest that other Republicans wouldn't get Pence's support if they were chosen.
Brooks got an endorsement from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, and Rokita touted their fundraising abilities in several appeals to committee members via email.
Holcomb, 48, became the state's lieutenant governor in March, when they were picked by Pence for the positon after Pence's 2012 running mate, Sue Ellspermann, resigned from office.
Holcomb is an experienced political operative. They were the 2008 campaign manager and top aide for former Gov. Mitch Daniels, who made them the state Republican Party chairperson in 2011. They left that position in mid-2013 to become U.S. Sen. Dan Coats' state chief of staff.
“I want to congratulate Eric Holcomb on this latest political appointment," Gregg said in a written statement issued by their campaign. "While there may be a new name on the ballot, the issues remain the same. For too many Hoosier families, wages aren't keeping up and the good paying jobs we are losing aren't being replaced. Eric Holcomb wholeheartedly embraced the failed approach that embarrassed our state, cost us jobs and has left the middle class behind. My economic plan sets our state on a new path forward, one that puts jobs and the middle class first.”
Holcomb's connections to Pence and their political work for Daniels gives them strong ties with members of the Republican state committee who'll pick the new candidate for governor. Holcomb, who has never won elected office, spent nearly a year running to replace Coats in the Senate but had little fundraising success before Pence tapped them for the Statehouse position.
Holcomb and Pence both attended southern Indiana's Hanover College and were members of the same fraternity, though at different times. They served in the Navy after college.
They and their wife, Janet, live on the northwest side of Indianapolis.
When questioned what their plan was to increase their name identification across the state since they have never been elected to an office, Holcomb said they planned to travel the state and put out ads and mailers. Holcomb also said they believed the Donald Trump-Mike Pence presidential ticket was a “strong asset” to their campaign.
Holcomb ran for a Senate seat earlier this year against Republican opponents Todd Young and Marlin Stutzman, and appeared to be in last place before dropping out of the race to be appointed by Pence as the lieutenant governor in March after former Lt. Gov. Sue Ellsperman's resignation.
Holcomb said although they have never been elected, they have “had a front row seat” to Republican officials that have led the state for the past 12 years. They formerly served as a chief of staff to U.S. Sen. Dan Coats, and they were a former close adviser to former Gov. Mitch Daniels.
“We cannot allow our state to slip back,” Holcomb said. “The only way we can continue Indiana's progress is by joining together. We will continue to balance budgets. We will continue to right-size our tax code, invest in education and infrastructure.”
It appears that Holcomb won't be taking a page out of the Daniels handbook by declaring a “truce” on so-called social issues that have divided the state in recent years. Pence has embraced social issues, at time to their detriment, such as by championing the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
"The General Assembly will focus on what the General Assembly wants to focus on,” Holcomb said. “I look forward to working for them across the spectrum."
Holcomb said they wouldn't “speculate” whether or not they would support legislation next year to add civil rights protections to LGBT Hoosiers.
“We'll play it as it comes to my desk,” Holcomb said. “We have a balance right now of protecting our religious liberties while making sure we're not discriminating.”
Spread the love
New York, N.Y. – Defense attorneys have a new tool at their disposal to question the credibility of police officers in court, thanks to the largest organization of public defenders in the nation.
The Legal Aid Society is a New York-based nonprofit with a staff of over 650 attorneys that represents over 230,000 people yearly. They have created the “cop accountability” database as a means of systematically tracking rogue actions by officers.
By creating a database that records accusations of officer misconduct it becomes easier for defense attorneys to identify problem officers. The database allows the defense to bring these credibility issues to light. This subsequently forces judges and juries to take this information into consideration when passing judgment.
Cynthia Conti-Cook, a former civil rights lawyer, joined the Legal Aid Society last spring with the idea for the database, formally called the Cop Accountability Program, already in mind, according to Slate.
The impetus behind the project is that during a criminal case there's typically a “big red arrow that says ‘criminal' pointing to the defendant.” There's very little the defense can respond with other than to say, “my client denies the charges,” according to Conti-Cook.
With the database in use, any past misconduct by an officer can be discovered if it has been entered into the system. With that information, the defense attorney can “start shifting that red arrow toward the police officer, by showing that they've also been engaged in activity that deteriorates their credibility.”
Conti-Cook went on to say, “It takes the judge's attention away from what your client did wrong to get here, and puts more of a burden on the police officer to prove that your client actually did something.” They stressed the importance, because “more and more, in this broken-windows climate, the main and sometimes only witness in a case will be a police officer.”
According to Justine Luongo, the attorney-in-charge of the Legal Aid Society's criminal practice, attorneys at Legal Aid are instructed to be very comprehensive in uploading information. The information includes complaints that were dismissed or unsubstantiated and noting the outcome.
Other informational sources that will be included in the database are civil lawsuits against the city, news reports, grievances filed with the Civilian Complaint Review Board, and criminal trials in which an officer was deemed not to be credible by the judge.
The largest police union in New York has come out strongly opposed to the accountability database.
“Compiling a list of police officers who are alleged to be ‘bad' based upon newspapers stories, quick-buck lawsuits and baseless complaints does nothing more than soil the reputation of the men and women who do the difficult and dangerous job of keeping this city and its citizens safe,” Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Pat Lynch said in a statement.
Contrary to Lynch's comments, the potential implications of this database could be far-reaching and go well beyond merely affecting individual cases as noted by Joanna Schwartz, assistant professor at UCLA School of Law.
Schwartz, who researches the manner in which departmental policy is formed by lawsuits against the police, believes this technology could eventually change the way departments handle misconduct internally.
“It might create external pressure on police agencies to better police their own,” Schwartz told Slate, adding, “Because if there's a bad apple officer out there who has had multiple incidents of lying on the stand or unconstitutionally searching someone, that officer's ability to assist in a prosecution is going to be compromised. … Their ability to help prosecute cases will be constrained by their prior behavior in a way it hasn't been previously.”
With great power comes great responsibility and by creating a database that can be used to hold officers accountable for their actions over the long-term, it ensures that those entrusted to enforce the law, follow it as well or suffer the consequences of their actions.
This program is a great start, but to truly stem the tide of systemic corruption rampant in policing across the whole of the U.S., a nationwide database of every officer in the country is needed.
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism.  They are currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow them on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.
PrimeFaces is using jQuery ThemeRoller CSS theme framework, and come with 30+ pre-designed themes that you can download and apply in seconds. In this tutorial, we will show you how to change a theme n PriceFaces.
There are two ways to change a theme :
Using Maven to download and apply. Download manually and apply.
1. Maven Download
For Maven user, visit this PrimeFaces available theme, select a theme and remember the theme, defined in Maven and configure the web.xml .
In this case, we will show you how to change a default theme (aristo) to glass-x theme.
File : pom.xml
//... <repositories> <repository> <id>prime-repo</id> <name>Prime Repo</name> <url>http://repository.primefaces.org</url> </repository> </repositories> <dependencies> <dependency> <groupId>org.primefaces.themes</groupId> <artifactId>glass-x</artifactId> <version>1.0.6</version> </dependency> <dependencies>
Theme version?
Visit this PrimeFaces repository directly, check the theme folder to know which one is the latest.
File : web.xml
//... <context-param> <param-name>primefaces.THEME</param-name> <param-value>glass-x</param-value> </context-param>
Run it, the theme color will be changed, and looking inside the source code, it points to glass-x now.
<!-- html source code --> <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/project/faces/javax.faces.resource/theme.css?ln=primefaces-glass-x" />
2. Download Manually
For non-Maven user, just visit the PrimeFaces's repository and download the theme jar manually, and put it in your project classpath, and configure the web.xml .
File : web.xml
//... <context-param> <param-name>primefaces.THEME</param-name> <param-value>glass-x</param-value> </context-param>
Change Theme Dynamic
A nice trip to use EL expression to apply a theme dynamically. See following code snippet :
File : web.xml
<context-param> <param-name>primefaces.THEME</param-name> <param-value>#{loggedInUser.preferences.theme}</param-value> </context-param>
P.S Reference – PrimeFaces user guide
References
How McDonald's delivers in other countries around the world
MCDONALD'S home delivery could soon be lobbing on your front door step.
The fast food giant is about to trial McDelivery in Victoria, prompting concerns from a health campaigner.
Its South Melbourne outlet will test customers' appetite for the service by late next month. Other locations are expected to follow.
Customers will have to place a minimum $25 order through the Menulog website and pay a $4.95 delivery fee.
Deliveries will operate Sunday to Thursday from 5pm-11pm, and Friday and Saturday from 5pm-10am the next morning.
WOULD YOU HAVE MCDONALD'S HOME DELIVERED? HAVE YOUR SAY BELOW
The service will cater to areas within a 2.5km radius including South Melbourne, Port Melbourne, Albert Park, South Wharf and Docklands.
McDelivery is already being tested at two Sydney locations, with another five to soon be added.
“Australians have enjoyed the convenience of restaurant home delivery for decades and our customers have told us they like the idea of Macca's delivery,” spokesperson Skye Oxenham-Lupul said.
“We will look to extend the service once these trials are completed.”
Obesity Policy Coalition executive manager Jane Martin was worried about consumers getting even easier access to unhealthy food.
“The concern is it creates even more convenience. It's expanding the market at a time when people are already eating poorly, particularly young men who consume large amounts of chips and burgers,” Ms Martin said.
Ash Naulty, 25, said they were keen on the idea and surprised it had taken so long.
“I'd definitely use it, especially in winter when you don't want to get out of the house. It's common at all types of fast food places overseas,” they said.
McDonald's said it chose South Melbourne because of the area's population growth and customer demand.
Most of the standard menu, including Big Macs, french fries and healthier salads and wraps, will be available.
Sydney customers have given mixed reviews on Menulog, with some happy and others alleging long waits or soggy items.
karen.collier@news.com.au
Historically, even the most prominent groups in hip-hop have always had a weak link. Wu-Tang Clan had U-God's muddled cadence and Masta Killa's almost wistfully dull presence. Pras could never climb to the insurmountable heights of brilliance that Wyclef and Lauryn Hill managed during the early days of Fugees. Even Odd Future, for all of their trendsetting and incredible solo projects, had Mike G, Taco and Jasper to weigh even the group's best material down.
The most complicated aspect of the rap group has always been the delicate balance of skill between each member; the distribution of musical power so that one piece of the puzzle never feels out of place. Migos has mastered that balance of power up to this point.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The first sign of a historically important rap group is evident once you begin asking fans to choose the group's best member. If you ask someone which member of the Wu-Tang Clan was the best, you're likely to hear an assortment of arguments with terms like Tical, Tony Stark, The Chef and whatever a “Liquid Sword” actually is to prove their point. For every argument that places André 3000 in the top five rappers of all-time, there are those who argue that Big Boi was actually the most consistent member of OutKast's golden years. That subjectivity, the preference of certain attributes that each member of rap's most famous groups brings to the table, isn't just a random occurrence. It's a very real formula that ultimately equates to better music, and Migos' three members have fine-tuned each of their individual sounds over the years to the point that we can legitimately look at each one as, arguably, the best member of the group.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The meteoric rise of Migos over the past year only tells a portion of the tale, though. The Atlanta trio, consisting of Quavo, Offset and Takeoff—the first two cousins and Takeoff a nephew of Quavo—have been developing their brand for the last six years, following the 2011 release of their very first mixtape, Juug Season. Since then, the group has dropped enough music to keep even the most enthusiastic listener busy for days, decrypting every pulpy, outlandishly grandiose lyric the three rappers produce.
So, what exactly does each member of Migos bring to the table that separates them from their familial counterparts? Furthermore, what about each of those distinct attributes makes them arguably the best of the three? Let's discuss…
Quavo
To understand the argument for Quavo as the definitive star of Migos, all you have to do is pay attention to every legitimate rap hit of the last few months. From "Pick Up The Phone" to "Congratulations" to "I'm The One," Quavo has been everywhere. Quavo is also undoubtedly the most popular member of Migos, hands down, and it's not even close.
Quavo has always been the unequivocal workhorse of the trio, handling the hooks for most of the group's biggest hits. Often sporting a much higher-pitched voice than either Offset or Takeoff, as well as handling any and all singing duties for the group, Quavo's artistry has always stemmed from their overwhelming charisma and confidence. That may seem especially evergreen when discussing a group whose material has always been about an almost otherworldly level of confidence, yet Quavo operates on a higher level on many of the group's biggest songs.
Take the group's earliest hits, “Hannah Montana” and “Versace,” for example. Quavo not only serves as the lead-off batter on each, but their command over the simplistic hooks sets a tone for the rest of the track for Takeoff and Offset to follow. On Migos' best projects, such as Y.R.N. (Young Rich N****s), Rich N*** Timeline and No Label 2, it's Quavo who steps to the plate countless times with a James Harden-esque workload, distributing the forcefulness and gravity of each song to the other two members and setting them up for success. On No Label 2, their verses on “First 48,” “Antidote” and “Freak No More” aren't just incredible, they're essential.
Projects like Yung Rich Nation, the group's official debut album, feel at times like compositions feeding strictly off of the energy Quavo channels. On the album's opening track, “Memoirs,” it's their abrasive and unapologetic lyrics that make the track so effective, and that opener only serves as the appetizer for what turns out to be an all-star showing from the group's brightest member.
Much of Migos' early success, and the sustainability the group had managed up until they released “Bad and Boujee,” would have never occurred without Quavo and that's why their argument for best member of the group is so strong. Upon listening again, the staple projects of Migos' discography—the unmitigated intensity of Y.R.N., the refined and calculated hit-making on No Label 2, the attention to storytelling and narrative on Yung Rich Nation—don't feel possible without Quavo's ability to carry the load when it mattered the most.
Takeoff
Perhaps the most interesting aspect of Migos' current rise to fame—and the group's overall improvement in lyricism and song quality—is its direct correlation with Takeoff's improvement as a rapper. Serving as arguably the least-known member of the group, Takeoff is ironically the trio's most distinctive voice. Not to mention, he's the best technical rapper in the group as well.
There's always been an engagingly unpredictable quality to Takeoff's contributions to Migos projects that have always separated their style from Quavo and Offset. Rapping with a baritone, Rick Ross timber in their voice, Takeoff's skillset is a stylistic concoction often overlooked and underrated. One might best describe it as lyrical nitroglycerin, often laying waste to songs in its path with the constant reminder that it could blow up in their hands at any moments.
Earlier in their career, that self-control was less evident with much of the ground their all-too-familiar staccato syncopations and unrestrained ad libs had managed to make crumbling beneath him. They would seemingly lose themselves within the madness they had created. Their lyrics would almost become parodies of themselves, ranging anywhere from inexplicable to downright bad.
Yet, around the time of No Label 2, something special began for Migos' youngest member; they got better at rapping. No longer was they a victim of their own creation, but instead a force to be reckoned with on almost every track. Listening to “Fight Night,” the biggest hit from NL2, you begin to notice a much clearer version of the rapper. Takeoff's verse and hook feel poised and purposeful, their lyrics fit into the track cleanly, and even their infamous ad-libbing has better timing.
By Rich N**** Timeline, the group's next mixtape, it's clear Takeoff felt more comfortable with their ability to switch cadences at a moment's notice. They steal the show on the tape's opening track, “Cross The Country,” improves at introspection on tracks like “Struggle” and “Rich N*** Timeline,” and their complete flow change-up on “Nawfside” remains one of their shining moments as the group's most experimental member.
Takeoff's rise during past projects isn't what truly makes them arguably the best member of Migos, though. Instead, it's their showing on Culture, the group's hit album released earlier this year. Unequivocally the biggest release of the group's history, Culture is not only a force to be reckoned with musically, especially with the internet movement behind it, but it's the most polished Migos project to date, due in large part to Takeoff. Whether it's their magnetic performance on “T-Shirt,” the album's second hit single, or their technical proficiency on tracks like “Slippery” and “Get Right Witcha,” Takeoff shows up on Culture like a rapper possessed, fully aware of their own potential and ready to explode.
Culture isn't just a great album because of Takeoff, but its most successful components run almost parallel with that of Takeoff's most improved attributes as a rapper. Point to any of Migos' past projects and Quavo's proficiency is a strong case for why they are the best member of Migos but look no further than the current iteration of the trio to make the case for Takeoff. The better they get, the more essential they become, and with Migos seemingly at the height of their popularity, their ability to craft excellent, engaging music will be central to them remaining on top.
Offset
The case for Offset as the trio's best member requires context, as it's the hardest argument to make. Having been in and out of jail twice since they began their career, Offset's progression between each Migos project has always felt stunted at times, with only flashes of brilliance left to hang onto.
There is little denying that Offset, when focused, has the best pen game in the group and can hang with the intensity of Takeoff and the adaptable genius of Quavo without ever having to alter their voice inflection. Their presence is calmer than their counterparts, with only their initial “Offset!” ad lib daring to reach a boisterous level. Ironically, while style is the most leveled, their contributions fall all over the quality spectrum from tape to tape.
The potential for something greater is always there, seeping out in verses you would never expect. On Yung Rich Nation opener “Memoirs," Offset goes toe to toe with Quavo as the two exchange bars in a way that's hard to spot the drop-off in quality from someone as refined as Quavo to the more sporadic Offset. On “M&M's,” from the No Label 2 mixtape, Offset hides in plain sight until the end of the track only to eviscerate the beat with a string of intense multisyllable words. Even on Migos' more introspective material, Offset occasionally either shares or steals the spotlight from Quavo and Takeoff, most apparent on Rich N*** Timeline. Songs like “Can't Believe It” and “Wishy Washy” weave storytelling, singing lyrics, and cadence transitions that manage to combine the best aspects of both Quavo and Takeoff into Offset's style. In these moments, Offset's ceiling feels nowhere in sight.
Their crowning achievement is their verse on “Bad and Boujee,” Migos' biggest hit to date and an absolute monster from top to bottom (until Lil Uzi Vert shows up). Offset's verse is spectacular, catchy and manages to outshine an equally great showing from Quavo. Yet, as I stated earlier, it's the only shining moment for Offset on an entire album's worth of songs from Culture. Fitting into their own narrative, Offset's potential feels cut short by their inability to string together multiple interesting verses over the course of a project.
So how exactly could they be the best member with so many missteps along the way? The answer lies in the moments between those missteps. Offset's abilities stand in direct contrast to that of both Quavo and Takeoff in many ways. At times, Quavo's contributions can feel suffocating, with the majority of Migos' biggest verses and hooks claimed by him. As well, Takeoff's pathos as a rapper can still be just as dangerous to their own verse despite better efforts to rein themselves in. Yet, there stands Offset, the rapper we can't quite put a finger on, but who we've heard enough from to know the immense talent that exists and is waiting to burst. In that context, which takes into consideration the path and future Migos has in front of it as well as the group's past stagnation while they were locked up, Offset is the group's best member by virtue of them being the essential component to their ongoing success.
Migos isn't the Wu-Tang Clan or OutKast. Or Fugees, A Tribe Called Quest, or even The Lox. The group's mark on rap isn't quite fully developed, and to judge them based on previous legends feels unfair. Yet, despite their differences, Migos is nearing something quite special, and that potential glory is made possible by the fact that each of its three members brings something unique to the table.
With each of their styles competing against one another for the group's top spot, Migos will continue to succeed where others eventually fell as a group, and that matters. Each of Migos' members, and why they could be argued as its best, contribute to a piece of the group's history, whether that's in its foundation (Quavo), it's current peak and improvement (Takeoff), or in its almost unimaginable future (Offset). Let's never take that for granted.
Announcing React Native Europe
First conference of its kind
Mike Grabowski Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 30, 2016
As a core contributor to React Native, my focus was always on better developer experience (rnpm) and helping others (React Native School). Thanks to the community that noticed my efforts, I founded Callstack.io — a company all about React. I've been talking a lot recently about giving back to the community. I think it's a very important part of the open source and the success of people that raises around such projects like React Native.
Today, I am really excited to announce React Native Europe — the first conference in the world to focus on anything and everything React Native. If you have ever wanted a dive deep into React Native, to share your experience with others, or to meet core contributors in person, this will be a great opportunity. Attendees will also have the opportunity to interact with and hear talks from developers from around the world who are contributing to and building apps with React Native.
Whether you are an experienced React Native developer or just at the beginning of your journey, you will benefit from our great sessions covering various aspects of mobile development.
And it's not only about the coding this time. The conference will take place in a beautiful city of Poland, Wroclaw. This is a great opportunity for you to not only explore beautiful culture and history of Poland, but also travel around IIWW monuments and see how Europe used to be hundreds years ago. You'll have plenty of tours to choose from, so better get ready!
Sign up for updates on react-native.eu. We will be announcing the call for papers, conference date, and venue this fall.
Washington, DC – A spokesperson for President Obama announced today that Dennis Hopper had joined the Whitehouse Press Corp. Although the noted actor and photojournalist had covered President Obama in their Chicago community organizing days the announcement came as a surprise as Hopper had been considered retired from this mortal coil for over a year.
When reached for comment Hooper said Obama approached them personally in the hallway and requested they take the job.
“I didn't think they even noticed me,” exclaimed Hopper with a manic look and smell of death. “And suddenly they grabbed me, and they threw me in a corner, and they said, “Do you know that ‘if' is the middle word in life? If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you”… I mean I'm… no, I can't… I'm a little man, I'm a little man, he's… he's a great man! ”
Appearing on a weekend political discussion show no one watches, George Will asked them what the first question they would put the president. After snapping a couple close ups of a clearly shaken Will they responded, “Hey, man, you don't question the Community Organizer. You listen to him. The man's enlarged my mind. He's a poet warrior in the classic sense.”
Many on the right including media mogul, dispassionate critic of Barack Obama and five time Rollerblade champion Andrew Breitbart attacked the appointment. “I mean sure he's more informed though certainly less handsome than Jake ‘The Tapeworm' Tapper but what next, letting Al Jazeera in the White House?
Hopper's ghostly apparition appeared next to Breitbart while they were speaking to the press about Hopper's appointment.
“Why? Why would a nice guy like you want to dispassionately criticize a Community Organizing genius? Feeling pretty good, huh? Why?
“Wait, what are you doing here?” stammered Breitbart.
“Do you know that the man really likes you? They like you. They really likes you. But he's got something in mind for you. Aren't you curious about that? I'm curious. I'm very curious. Are you curious? There's something happening out here, man.”
“Where, suburban Los Angeles?”
“You know something, man? I know something you that you don't know. That's right, Jack. The man is clear in their mind, but their soul is mad. Oh, yeah. He's dying, I think. They hate all this. They hate it! But the man's a…He reads poetry out loud, all right. And a voice…he likes you because you're still alive. He's got plans for you.”
“What's the Mau Mau got in store for me,” Breitbart quivered with all the courage they could muster. “And the name is Andrew or Andy like Andy Bell if you prefer.”
“No, I'm not gonna help you,” Hopper intoned. “You're gonna help him, man. You're gonna help him. I mean, what are they gonna say when he's gone? ‘Cause they die when it dies, when it dies, they die! What are they gonna say about him? They were a kind man? They were a wise man? They had plans? They had wisdom? Bullshit, man! And am I gonna be the one that's gonna set them straight? Look at me! Look at me! Wrong! You!”
At a surreal press conference Whitehouse Spokesperson Jay Carney was asked by David Corn to comment on allegations surrounding Hopper's Mortality. An Oxygen-tank masked Carney threw a question right back at them “What kind of beer you like Corn?”
“Heineken.”
“Heineken? Fuck that shit! Pabst Blue Ribbon!”
President Trump has reportedly tapped as their ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) a hawkish critic of Russia who wants the U.S. to arm Ukraine. It's the latest sign that the administration is reacting to criticism that it is too soft on Russia by pivoting to the other extreme.
Richard Grennell is a former Bush-era U.S. spokesperson at the United Nations who also served as a foreign policy spokesperson for Mitt Romney's presidential campaign. They frequently appear on Fox News and other conservative outlets saying President Obama appeased Russia.
Following Russia's annexation of Crimea and the conflict in eastern Ukraine, Obama resisted political pressure from hawks in Congress to provide lethal arms to the Ukranian government, fearing that doing so would only cause Russia to escalate its own military involvement.
Writing in The New York Times's Room for Debate section in 2014, Grenell said that Obama's belief that the U.S. could “support Ukraine but not antagonize Russia” represented “a naïve and dangerous world view.” In a Fox News op-ed, they proposed military escalation: “Offer advice and training to Ukraine, and sell it the lethal weapons required to contend with Russian armored personnel carriers, tanks and missiles,” they wrote, adding that the U.S. should also restart missile defense shield programs in Poland and the Czech Republic.
Grennell also counseled Obama to leave directly military confrontation with Russia over Ukraine “on the table.”
“The Obama doctrine only persuades Putin that they need never fear the U.S. military — the world's most powerful deterrent,” they wrote. “Even if Obama would never start a war with Russia, they should stop swearing off military action in public. Instead, President Obama, through their inexhaustible number of speeches and statements, should rhetorically leave military action on the table.”
Although their support for arming Ukraine stretches back years, Grenell was continuing to advocate for lethal aid for Ukraine as recently as Tuesday via their Twitter account, which they frequently use to opine on world affairs:
This year, space agencies around the world launched exciting new robotic missions that are shining light on the far reaches of the universe. But what about the spacecraft that we lost?
In 2013, some probes never made it into orbit, while others completed their full missions before quietly turning off. Still more had their time working in space cut short. No matter the cause of death, we at SPACE.com wish to honor the spacecraft that met their end this year.
From NASA-funded missions to a China-Brazil collaboration, here is our list of some of the spacecraft we loved and lost in 2013. [6 Biggest Spacecraft to Fall Uncontrolled from Space]
Kepler spacecraft
NASA's planet-hunting Kepler spacecraft suffered a major failure this year when the second of its four reaction wheels — devices that keep the craft properly positioned in space — malfunctioned. With two reaction wheels down, it's not possible to point the $600 million observatory with the precision necessary to conduct its original mission.
All hope is not lost for Kepler, however. Engineers with the mission and Ball Aerospace have come up with a scheme to allow Kepler to hunt for planets once again by minimizing the spacecraft's drift in its orbit around the sun. NASA is currently vetting this proposed new mission, which is called K2, and a decision is expected in the middle of next year.
The spacecraft launched in 2009 on a 3.5-year primary mission to determine how common Earth-like planets are across the galaxy. Since that time, Kepler has spotted more than 3,500 planet candidates, the vast majority of which will eventually be confirmed by follow-up observations. [Kepler's 7 Greatest Alien Planet Discoveries So Far]
Planck space observatory
An artist's illustration of the Planck spacecraft, a European Space Agency probe designed to study the Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) – the relic radiation from the Big Bang. It mapped the fluctuations in the CMB that became today's clusters of galaxies. Released just 380,000 years after the Big Bang, the CMB is the oldest 'light' that can be seen in the universe. (Image: © ESA - C. Carreau)
After more than four years in space, the European Space Agency's Planck observatory ended its mission this year. ESA officials sent the prolific spacecraft its last command in October, bringing its relatively long life in space to a close as planned.
The telescope — called a "cosmic time machine" by ESA officials — scanned the universe for cosmic microwave background radiation, the oldest light in the universe.
Launched in 2009, the 700 million euro (approximately $962 million) Planck mission is responsible for delivering the most comprehensive map of background radiation ever put together.
Planck's observations also helped cosmologists refine their estimate of the age of the universe, pushing it back 100 million years, to 13.82 billion years old.
Herschel space observatory
Another European telescope shut its eye on the universe this year after a long life. Also launched in 2009, the Herschel space observatory depleted its supply of cryogenic helium (used to keep its science instruments cool) in April, with its mission coming to an end in June.
"It's like saying goodbye to a friend," Micha Schmidt, ESA's operations manager for Herschel, said in June. The mission was scheduled to run for 3.5 years, but it continued for four years.
The $1.4 billion Herschel telescope is credited with discovering huge supplies of water vapor in the disks of dust and gas around infant stars. Scientists think that vapor could be responsible for seeding oceans on planets like Earth.
The Herschel infrared observatory has an unprecedented view on the cold universe, bridging the gap between what can be observed from the ground and earlier infrared space missions, and bringing to light previously unseen star-forming regions and galaxies enshrouded in dust (Image: © ESA - C. Carreau)
Three navigation satellites lost during launch
An unmanned Russian Proton rocket crashed shortly after its launch in July, destroying three navigation satellites worth almost $200 million. The three satellites were going to be part of the GLONASS navigation network — the Russian counterpart to the United States' GPS system.
This isn't the first time GLONASS satellites were lost due to a Proton rocket mishap. Three other satellites were destroyed in 2010 when another Proton rocket failed during liftoff.
The Proton-rocket crash is the fifth major launch failure for this kind of rocket since December 2010. In 2012, the vehicle boosted a telecommunications satellite into the wrong orbit.
GOCE Satellite
Europe's 1-ton GOCE (Gravity field and steady-state Ocean Circulation Explorer) satellite fell through Earth's atmosphere in early November when, as expected, it ran out of fuel after its four-year mission.
Before GOCE's fiery demise, the $467.8 million satellite mapped Earth's gravitational field and the planet's oceans in unprecedented detail.
GOCE's death plunge through the atmosphere brought it over the western Pacific Ocean, Siberia, the eastern Indian Ocean and Antarctica, and no damage was reported in any of the areas. Pieces of the satellite disintegrated as they came through the atmosphere, according to ESA officials.
CBERS 3
The CBERS 3 spacecraft was lost when a Chinese rocket failed to insert the Earth-observing satellite into its proper orbit in December. The $250 million satellite, paid for by Brazil and China, was lost when the Long March 4B rocket malfunctioned during its flight.
Four China-Brazil Earth Resources Satellites have been launched since 1999. CBERS 3's three predecessors are not functioning, so the newest satellite was expected to help Brazilian officials monitor deforestation and wildfires in the Amazon.
China and Brazil are planning to launch the next satellite, CBERS 4, in 2015.
Deep Impact
Launched in 2005, NASA's Deep Impact probe led a wild life in space. The spacecraft purposefully crashed an impactor into a comet and flew by another during its adventures through the solar system.
The space agency officially declared Deep Impact dead on Sept. 20, six weeks after ground controllers received the last communication from the spacecraft.
"Despite this unexpected final curtain call, Deep Impact already achieved much more than ever was envisioned," said Lindley Johnson, the Discovery Program executive at NASA headquarters and the longtime program executive for the spacecraft's mission. "Deep Impact has completely overturned what we thought we knew about comets and also provided a treasure trove of additional planetary science that will be the source data of research for years to come."
Before its death, Deep Impact also managed to snap some photos of the now-deceased Comet ISON, an icy wanderer that didn't survive its close brush with the sun in late November.
Follow Miriam Kramer @mirikramer and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on SPACE.com.
BREAKING NEWS Samsung has denied that Nikon is buying its NX technology, saying that media reports are ‘not true' in an official statement sent to Amateur Photographer magazine.
Yesterday, there was growing online speculation that Nikon had acquired Samsung's NX camera technology in a move that would enable Nikon to make a professional compact system camera.
However, in a statement sent to Amateur Photographer (AP) this morning, a Samsung spokesperson said: ‘Media reports that Nikon is allegedly buying our NX technology are not true.'
A Nikon spokesperson yesterday told AP that the company does not comment on rumours, which originated from a report by website Mirrorless Rumors.
Last week, Samsung confirmed that it is set to phase out camera sales in the UK.
The news followed reports that Samsung planned to discontinue the NX1 in Europe.
Samsung's move to pull out of the UK camera market comes less than a decade after it entered the global DSLR market.
Samsung first announced its own brand of DSLRs in January 2006 following a tie-up with historic camera maker Pentax.
Samsung's first DSLR was the six-million-pixel GX-1S – its own version of the Pentax *ist DS2.
The 10MP Samsung GX-10 followed later that year, based on the Pentax K10D.
In 2009, Samsung used the PMA Show in the US as the launchpad for its NX series of hybrid-digital cameras.
The NX was billed as a new concept, offering the performance and image quality of a DSLR but with the portability and convenience of a compact point-and-shoot model.
But the South Korean giant has not announced an NX camera since the NX500 in February this year.
More follows…
President Donald Trump speaks to the press at the White House on Monday. Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
The Trump administration is “substantially ahead of schedule” in implementing its agenda, Donald Trump claimed a few days ago. As with all of Trump's bombastic claims, it is worth treating this bit of braggadocio with a healthy dose of skepticism. Compared with the outsize promises they made on the campaign trail, their administration has achieved remarkably little. Obamacare has not been repealed, and taxes have not been slashed. Immigrants continue to flock to America, and Mexico has not agreed to pay for their wall. And yet, I fear that there is much more truth to Trump's claim than the gleefully mocking responses to it would suggest.
Just take the past week: In the span of a few days, Trump has dealt a major blow to Obamacare by cutting government subsidies to insurance companies. They have gone further in attacking the media than ever before. They have rolled back key restrictions on coal plants. They have imperiled NAFTA. They have begun to unravel the Iran deal. And they have taken the United States out of UNESCO.
Since the day Trump got elected, there have basically been two big questions about the degree to which they would transform the country: Would they become more moderate as they grew into the immense responsibilities of their office? Or, insofar as they did pursue a radical agenda, would they prove capable of overcoming the resistance of the opposition and the inertia of the government bureaucracy?
The answer to the first question is as clear-cut as it could possibly be. In the wake of a couple of weeks in which Trump repeatedly threatened to revoke NBC's broadcasting license, stepped up their race-baiting attacks on the country's top black athletes, and dissed the erratic leader of a hostile nuclear power, nobody can seriously suggest that Trump has become more moderate on the job.
The answer to the second question, though, is a bit more complicated. It has become obvious, even to Trump, that the limits on their power are real, at least for now. Courts have substantially weakened their travel ban. Congress has voted down some of their most important legislation. To pursue their agenda, Trump increasingly has to rely on executive orders and independent agencies like the Federal Communications Commission or the Environmental Protection Agency. And yet, the hope that Trump would effectively be stopped from doing much of anything is just as much of a fantasy as the outsize expectations of their biggest fans.
Across a whole range of issues, we are increasingly seeing a real give and take between an administration hellbent on enacting radical change and a system cautiously trying to push back. For now, the result is that neither side can claim a clean victory. Some of Trump's ambitions have undoubtedly been frustrated. And yet, they are, on the whole, succeeding in dismantling key parts of Obama's legacy.
Then there is the worrying fact that Trump is, day in, day out, weakening democratic norms to an extent even I would have found unimaginable a year ago. It would be tempting to ignore their Twitter ravings as inconsequential if they didn't have the power to change the opinion of millions of Americans. The latest sign of the damage their extreme statements can do comes in the form of a poll about, of all things, football. About 2 in 3 Trump supporters used to have a positive impression of the NFL. As soon as Trump started to step up their attacks on team owners, the league's approval ratings plummeted. Today, less than 1 in 3 Trump supporters have a somewhat or very favorable view of the NFL.
this is
N U T Shttps://t.co/fjK7FdypEt pic.twitter.com/GOU30nvggo — Dylan Scott (@dylanlscott) October 11, 2017
This poll scared me more than just about any other I have seen in the past months. If Trump can turn their base against the NFL, then what can't they get them to do? And if they can get their base to go along with just about anything they do, how can we be so sure that they won't take more and more radical steps to overcome opposition to their agenda?
About a year into the rule of authoritarian populists like Vladimir Putin, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, and Viktor Orbán, a lot of very well-informed observers laughed off suggestions that they might do real damage to the democratic system in their respective countries. Putin, a lot of Russia scholars argued at the time, should be understood as a technocratic modernizer from the comparatively liberal city of St. Petersburg. Erdoğan, a lot of Turkey scholars kept insisting, was on the way to reconciling Islam and democracy by following the path blazed by Christian Democrats in countries like Germany and Italy. Orbán, a lot of Hungary scholars believed, was a moderate conservative whose tough talk was belied by their Oxford education and their past as a liberal politician.
As it turns out, all of these experts were wildly, disastrously wrong. Today, Russia and Turkey are dictatorships with a thin electoral veneer. Hungary is well on its way toward joining their autocratic ranks.
The obvious point here is that humans have a tendency to dismiss the possibility of radical change. Even people who are horrified by Trump's actions and policies ultimately think of themselves as this thriller's embattled heroes. There may be a few close calls along the way, but in the end we are sure to triumph. History cannot possibly belong to the likes of Donald Trump. But this is a mistake: As the examples of Russia, Turkey, and Hungary show, it very much can.
The less obvious and even more important point here is that it takes time to implement radical changes. If we judge Trump's progress by the absurd standards they themselves set out on the campaign trail—like “immediately repealing and replacing the disaster known as Obamacare”—he is undoubtedly falling behind. But if we judge them by a more objective standard, it becomes clear that they have indeed succeeded in making some very significant changes in their first 10 months in office.
It is perfectly possible that Trump's attacks on the media, their gradual undermining of Obamacare, their opposition to the Iran deal, and their attempt to dismantle NAFTA will ultimately falter—making the past week look like the desperate flailing of a hapless president. But it is also possible that these are steps toward the implementation of a truly radical agenda—which will see this White House curb international trade, ratchet up conflict with Iran, take away health care from millions of Americans, and diminish our freedom of speech.
The report you are referencing came from Baseball Essential and suggested that Price and their agent have made it clear the Blue Jays are "far and away [Price's] first choice" in free agency. This rumor understandably created a lot of excitement in Toronto, but it's important to take these early reports with a grain of salt.
What do you think about the talk that David Price wants to return to the Blue Jays? Is this realistic? Or should we spend more time on other free agents? -- Bryn C., Edmonton, Alberta
What do you think about the talk that David Price wants to return to the Blue Jays? Is this realistic? Or should we spend more time on other free agents?
-- Bryn C., Edmonton, Alberta
The report you are referencing came from Baseball Essential and suggested that Price and their agent have made it clear the Blue Jays are "far and away [Price's] first choice" in free agency. This rumor understandably created a lot of excitement in Toronto, but it's important to take these early reports with a grain of salt.
Price isn't on the verge of signing anywhere, and their negotiations likely will spill into the Winter Meetings in Nashville, Tenn., from Dec. 7-10. While the runner-up for the AL Cy Young Award might not take the top offer on the table, it's a safe bet he'll sign for close to it. A major discount simply isn't going to happen.
• Hot Stove Tracker
Price could command upward of $30 million per season on a long-term deal, and there are some doubts Toronto would be willing to go quite that high. A more realistic scenario would see the Blue Jays target second-tier free agents, including Jordan Zimmermann, Jeff Samardzija, Mike Leake, Scott Kazmir and Johnny Cueto.
Do you believe Ben Revere will be tendered a contract? If so, will the Blue Jays try to move him?
-- Robert, Mississauga, Ontario
Revere is a tough case. There's no denying they were a nice fit down the stretch, but their price tag for 2016 could be an issue. According to MLBTradeRumors, Revere is projected to earn $6.7 million in their final year of arbitration, and that might be a little too expensive for an organization that has a lot of outfield depth.
Video: TOR@BAL: Revere makes a nice running catch in left
As things stand, Kevin Pillar and Jose Bautista are the undisputed starters in center and right. That leaves Revere, Michael Saunders and Dalton Pompey for the job in left. The ability to save money here will be hard to pass up. Instead of keeping Revere, the Blue Jays could opt to keep Saunders/Pompey.
Revere technically could be a non-tender candidate, but after hitting .319 in 56 games with the Blue Jays, a trade should be possible. They could be used in a package deal or could be moved to increase depth in the Minor Leagues.
What is more likely to happen: Trade Troy Tulowitzki or sign free agents to bolster the starting rotation?
-- Scott S., Spruce Grove, Alberta
Tulowitzki trade talk seems to be a popular topic. But it really doesn't seem like something the Blue Jays are going to pursue. By dealing Tulowitzki, the Blue Jays would be weakening one area to improve another -- and that's not necessarily the best course for a contending team.
The Blue Jays should be able to find ways to upgrade the pitching staff either through free agency or trades that don't involve their current core players. Toronto also wouldn't sell low on Tulowitzki and their trade value might have taken a hit after their second-half struggles in Toronto. Expect them to stay put.
I don't understand why the Blue Jays traded for Jesse Chavez. We need an ace and at least one other quality starter, and I don't think that's Chavez. Can you explain?
-- Evan W., Kingston, Ontario
The easiest comparison to make is the trade Toronto made last year for Marco Estrada. Though the veteran right-hander blew everyone away in 2015, there are similarities in what the Blue Jays originally expected from them and what they hope to get out of Chavez.
If the season started today, Chavez would have a starting job. But with more additions to be made, the expectation is that he'll have to compete for a spot in Spring Training. Estrada faced the same situation this past spring, and even if Chavez doesn't crack the staff, they will offer value as a long reliever and first option when a starter goes down with an injury. Toronto doesn't have a lot of depth, so this piece was needed.
Video: Chisholm on Blue Jays' acquisition of Chavez
If you had to choose one, would you rather have Aaron Sanchez or Roberto Osuna in the rotation?
-- Roman, Ottawa, Ontario
Long term, I think they should both be in the rotation, but I'd have both of them pitching out of the bullpen in 2016. If this team was rebuilding, it would be a different story.
Osuna isn't a realistic option to start, because they have never thrown more than 78 innings in one season. A strict innings limit would stop Osuna from having a full year and it also would create a huge hole in the bullpen. Sanchez is physically more prepared to start, and he'll likely compete for a job this spring. But if I were the Blue Jays, I'd add pitching elsewhere and keep them in the eighth inning.
What are some specific ballpark plans? We know about the grass, but what about other façade or ambiance improvements?
-- Dan M.
One of the top priorities is installing natural grass by 2018, but there's a long list of other upgrades that are scheduled for the next few years. Toronto has explored the possibility of installing a dirt infield, stadium seats will be replaced, more space will be created for Jays Shop and the former Hard Rock Cafe will be transformed into a large group space.
Another major upgrade will be found in the retractable roof. The rail system has been worked on for the last couple of years and the computer system needs to be upgraded. When the work is complete, the roof will move a lot quicker, and it should open in colder weather -- a hot topic during the postseason. These are just some of the plans that have been talked about publicly, and there's no doubt president Mark Shapiro will add more to the list.
Gregor Chisholm has covered the Blue Jays for MLB.com since 2011. Follow them on Twitter @gregorMLB and Facebook.
PARIS (Reuters) - France's new Socialist government is to legalize marriage and adoption for same-sex couples, Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said on Friday, reflecting a shift in public attitudes in the majority Catholic nation.
France's Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault delivers a speech as they attend a political rally for the upcoming second tour of the legislative elections in Paris June 13, 2012. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
President Francois Hollande, who took office last month, had pledged to legalize gay marriage and adoption during their election campaign but had given no time frame.
Since Hollande's Socialists won an absolute majority in parliamentary elections two weeks ago, the conservative UMP party, which had opposed the measure under former president Nicolas Sarkozy, can do little to stop it.
“The government has made it an objective for the next few months to work on implementing its campaign commitments on the fight against discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity,” Ayrault's office said in a statement.
Earlier in the day, the junior minister for families Dominique Bertinotti told French daily Le Parisien that a law on gay marriage and adoption would be passed within a year.
The statement from prime minister's office did not confirm the time frame, but asserted a law would be implemented.
In addition, the government would hold discussions in the autumn on ways of making life easier for trans gender individuals, whose dealings with French administration are often complicated by their change of name and sex.
A law granting full marriage status to gay couples would bring France, which currently provides only for same-sex civil unions, into line with fellow EU members Denmark, Portugal, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands and Sweden.
It would also mark a profound change in French society, where more than two-thirds of people still describe themselves as Roman Catholic, according to a 2010 survey by pollster Ifop.
However, fewer and fewer of them adhere to strict Roman Catholic teachings on sexual issues or back the Vatican's condemnation of homosexuality. Church attendance has collapsed.
As recently as 2006, surveys indicated that most French were opposed to changing the definition of marriage, but now more than 60 percent support the idea, the pollster BVA said. A majority also favor allowing gay couples to adopt children.
Nevertheless, gay rights advocates say homosexuality remains taboo in many areas of public life. Media tend to use euphemisms such as “long-term bachelor” to hint that someone is gay.
“Today, it's still very difficult to put a name on things, as if saying in public that someone was homosexual was to violate a taboo,” a group of gay professionals wrote in an opinion piece in the newspaper Le Monde on Friday, the eve of a Gay Pride march in Paris.
A gay marriage law would boost Hollande's credentials as an agent of social change in the tradition of late Socialist president Francois Mitterrand, who appointed France's first female prime minister and scrapped the death penalty.
Hollande fathered four children out of wedlock with their former partner, fellow Socialist Segolene Royal.
A debate on gay rights might also draw some attention away from the economic woes weighing on their popularity.
Still, there is certain to be opposition from conservatives and practicing Catholics.
“We are convinced that young people's development requires the presence of a mother and a father,” said Thierry Vidor, head of the Familles de France umbrella group, which represents some 70,000 families, and campaigns for traditional family rights.
“We will take action to try to show that this measure is ultimately dangerous for society.”
21 people arrested in south of France over claims horses used in medical research were illegally sold for human consumption
French police carried out dozens of early-morning raids on Monday after reports that horses used for medical research were illegally sold for human consumption.
Investigators said 21 people including veterinarians, butchers and other meat industry workers had been arrested in what they described as a vast operation across the south of France.
The animals were bought from a research laboratory belonging to the French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi and were supposed to have been destroyed, but instead they were allegedly issued with false papers and sold to abattoirs between 2010 and 2012.
The raids come 10 months after a French company was found to be putting horsemeat into ready-made dishes labelled as having been made with beef, causing an Europe-wide scandal.
Sanofi said it had used the horses to incubate antibodies to manufacture purified serums used against rabies, snake bites and tetanus. The company said the animals were in good health but certified as not fit for human consumption.
Alain Bernal, of the Sanofi Pasteur vaccine division, said the company was co-operating with investigators but had no idea how long the fraud had been going on. They said the company had disposed of around 200 horses in the last three years. The animals are sold for a "symbolic amount" and issued with identification papers clearly stating "not to be killed for human consumption".
In September eight managers from the French firm Spanghero at the centre of the earlier scandal, which erupted in February, were formally put under investigation for fraud. The company, which employed 360 staff, closed in June, but reopened under new management two months later.
British and Irish supermarkets among many others across the EU were found to have sold the company's ready-made meals.
Monday's raids took place in 11 French departments across southern France including Provence and the Côte d'Azur. The local television station France 2 Languedoc Roussillon claimed that other animals treated with anti-inflammatory drugs or antibiotics, making them unfit for human consumption, had also been acquired from equestrian centres and even individual horse owners and had fraudulently entered the food chain through the same network.
The French consumer minister, Benoït Hamon, told RTL radio the two scandals were unrelated. "They were selling horsemeat in place of beef, which is commercial fraud. Here we could be talking about a health problem, which is different," they said.
However, their government colleague Guillaume Garot, the junior agriculture minister, said: "At this stage, there is nothing to suggest a health problem. That's exactly what's being investigated."
Over the next few days, I want to share with you just a few of the 55 rules listed by author Craig Aldrich that really made me think about I teach my children and how our learning can improve at home. I have reflected on the disservice we do ourselves and our children by calling it “school.” After all, that gives most of us the immediate idea of the public school we attended ourselves, and may make us strive to duplicate that experience at home. Yet, the very reason we are homeschoolers is that we didn't want that experience for our children. Here is one of the rules I thought very most important for homeschoolers.
From Unschooling Rules by Craig Aldrich:
One traditional school day includes less than 3 hours of formal instruction and practice, which you can cover in 2.
Take home lesson: Stop trying to fit in so much schoolwork!
As long time parent-teachers, we know that our kids do not waste as much time as public school children. There is no roll, no waiting for another student to finish the work or to understand a concept, nor waiting for another student to quit disrupting the class. Since our formal work takes so much less time, therefore, there is the temptation to fill up the rest of the day with busywork or even valuable learning experiences. If the child is learning, is this a problem?
The problem may lie in the amount of learning that a child can do in a formal way during a certain period. Mr. Aldrich makes the case that there is a capacity filled in about 3 hours per day for most people. Most of us just cannot take in more new information that would be accommodated in 3 hours of instruction. After that, it's just like pouring more water into an already full glass.
What can we do, then, to make our home school more effective? Keep track of the number of hours of formal instruction we are scheduling for our children. Even homeschoolers who are “relaxed” or mostly “unschoolers” often have a few things that they refuse to leave entirely to chance (math is the most common.) Do not allow these hours of scheduled learning to take up too much of our child's day. Instead, allow time for exploration of other subjects and life experiences as leisure time by your child. These allow for a different kind of learning which is equally useful to the child, and also allows time for the absorption of the more formal instruction.
How do I put this into practice in my home? For my younger children, I still make a list of what I would like them to accomplish during each day. This includes any assigned school work, lessons, and chores. As I make my lists, I make sure that (if they stick to their work) these assignments (including chores) will take less than four hours during any one day. That means that on music lesson days, we don't have time to do math or English lessons. On days that math or English is assigned, we often do little or no other formal instruction.
How do they fill up the rest of their days? There is no television in our house, so reading is the relaxation of choice. It is certainly not all educational reading: right now Max and Lucy are drowning themselves in the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew. They play outside in the sandbox, inside with Legos, doll house, or cars. They started learning to play chess this week. Sometimes they whine about being bored (and I offer to help them find work to do!)
I was glad to read this rule because it is liberating to stop trying to fill the days with worksheets and allow kids to really love learning. It is a lesson I wish all homeschoolers could learn in their first week of homeschooling, rather than coming to it gradually over a course of years as I have.
Do you keep track of the hours you schedule for schooling? How do you make sure your children have freedom in their learning experiences? Please leave a comment below.
Advertisements
North Korea this spring subjected abductees to mass ideological education on the superiority of the North's regime, according to the head of a group of victims' families.
While South Koreans make up the vast majority of the abductees, Choi Song Yong, quoting a source in Pyongyang, said those subjected to the lessons included Japanese.
It is unclear whether they included any of the 12 Japanese who Tokyo officially believes were kidnapped by the North in the 1970s and 1980s and remain missing.
Mass ideological education of abductees was carried out in the North until the 1980s. Kim Jong-un, the North's current leader, has ordered the education to resume, Choi said, citing their Pyongyang source.
There is a possibility that the resumption signals a change in the North's stance on Japan regarding the abduction issue.
Those who received the education consisted of about 60 South Koreans, including five former soldiers taken prisoner in the 1950-1953 Korean War, and about 20 foreigners, including Japanese, Choi said.
The people were divided into groups and received lessons in Pyongyang for about 15 days starting in late March. They also submitted documents saying they were in the North of their own free will and pledging allegiance to the North Korean system, Choi said.
Five Japanese abductees were returned to Japan in 2002, but several hundred are listed as those who may have been abducted by North Korea.
Yosemite Rockfall Year in Review: 2017
There many large and consequential rockfalls in Yosemite in 2017, with a record 85 events (including rockfalls, rockslides, and debris flows) documented. The cumulative volume of these events was about 36,800 cubic meters. Although this is not the largest annual volume recorded, greater volumes in previous years were typically dominated by one very large event (for example, the 46,700 cubic meter rockfalls from Ahwiyah Point in 2009), whereas the cumulative volume for 2017 resulted from several large and medium-sized rockfalls.
The largest event in 2017 almost escaped notice. On the stormy morning of January 12, road crews encountered downed trees and a damaged manhole on the road between Pohono Bridge and the Big Oak Flat Road junction. They also noticed a suspiciously fresh-looking boulder in the Merced River. Subsequent investigation revealed that the boulder was part of a very large rockslide that originated far above the road in an area known (appropriately) as “The Rockslides.” The total volume of this slide was about 20,000 cubic meters (almost 60,000 tons), most of which was scattered throughout the forested slopes above the road. If not for the single boulder that hit the road, this rockslide might have escaped notice for some time.
Much greater road damage occurred on June 12, when about 650 cubic meters (nearly 2,000 tons) of rock fell from “Parkline Slab,” a sloping cliff just east of the park boundary near El Portal. About one-third of the rock debris landed on the El Portal Road, burying a 60 meter (200 foot)-long section of road under tons of rock; fortunately, there were no cars directly under this area, despite the rockfall occurring around noon during the busy summer season. The road was closed for five days as crews cleared debris and repaired the roadbed. Much loose debris remains on the slope above the road, and could continue to slide during intense rainstorms.
The year's most consequential rockfalls occurred from the southeast face of El Capitan in September. The first of these occurred at 1:52 pm on September 27, when 290 cubic meters (860 tons) of rock fell from the cliff near the path of Horsetail Fall. Two rock climbers were walking along the base of the cliff directly under the area, and, sadly, one of them was killed and the other seriously injured. YOSAR quickly extracted both climbers, as several more rockfalls totaling 163 cubic meters (440 tons) pummeled the base of the cliff over the next few hours. At 3:21 pm the following day (September 28), a much larger rockfall occurred from the same location. This rockfall, totaling 10,324 cubic meters (27,875 tons), buried trees at the base of the cliff and generated a huge dust cloud that fanned out across the valley. A small rock fragment hit a vehicle traveling on Northside Drive, puncturing the sunroof and injuring the driver. Northside Drive was closed for 24 hours as geologists assessed the potential for additional activity. Several smaller rockfalls occurred from this same area in October and November.
Other substantial rockfalls in 2017 occurred at Little Windy Point on the El Portal Road, Ahwiyah Point, Glacier Point, El Capitan, Middle Cathedral Rock, and Hetch Hetchy.
It is very likely that there were additional rockfalls and rockslides in 2017, but these events either were not witnessed or went unreported. If you witness a rockfall of any size, encounter fresh rock debris, or hear cracking or popping sounds emanating from the cliffs, please contact park geologist Greg Stock at 209/379-1420 or e-mail us, or contact park dispatch by dialing 911 within the park. Documented rockfalls are added to the park database , enabling long-term evaluation of rockfall activity to improve public safety.
Spread the love
Despite the fact that over half of the states in the country have legalized cannabis in some form, the federal government still insists that the plant—which has been found to treat a variety of diseases—is one of the most dangerous substances available, with no medicinal value.
Lawmakers in the state of California are now calling out the hypocrisy and calling for the government to reclassify cannabis. A joint resolution that received overwhelming support from the California Assembly, with a vote of 60-10, called for reclassification in order to allow for research that is currently banned with cannabis labeled as a Schedule I substance.
“The Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to pass a law to reschedule marijuana or cannabis and its derivatives from a Schedule I drug to an alternative schedule, therefore allowing the legal research and development of marijuana or cannabis for medical use and allowing for the legal commerce of marijuana or cannabis so that businesses dealing with marijuana or cannabis can use traditional banks or financial institutions for their banking needs, which would result in providing a legal vehicle for those businesses to pay their taxes, including, but not limited to, payroll taxes, unsecured property taxes, and applicable taxes on the products sold in accordance with state and local laws.”
California became the first state to legalize cannabis for medicinal use in 1996. But it was not until last November that it was legalized in the state for recreational use.
As the resolution notes, cannabis has been “studied worldwide outside the United States for years” and has shown “efficacy for various conditions, such as wasting syndrome, as an antinauseant in those taking chemotherapy, Glaucoma (reduces intraocular pressure), Epilepsy (anti-seizure properties), migraine headaches and other types of pain, and anxiety.”
The Free Thought Project has provided extensive coverage of the healing power of cannabis, with groundbreaking studies such as a study that concluded cannabis can stop HIV from becoming AIDS; a study that confirmed that the majority of cannabis users give up prescription opiate medications; and a study that confirmed that cannabis has a “significant” effect on killing cancer cells.
However, it should be noted that while the U.S. government continues to attempt to limit cannabis by keeping it a “Schedule I” substance, the government actually holds the patent to cannabis as medicine, affirming its value.
In addition to the opportunity for research, California's joint resolution argued that cannabis should be rescheduled, because its current restrictions under federal law make it so that dispensaries and cannabis businesses “are unable to legally use traditional banking institutions.” As a result, “many vendors resort to the black market and involvement of organized crime making communities less safe.”
“Concerns about the criminality and forfeiture provisions in federal law impede traditional banking institutions from doing business with potential clients cultivating, researching, selling, or utilizing marijuana or cannabis and its derivatives, therefore making marijuana commerce very difficult. … The inability to use traditional banking institutions impedes local and state government from adequately monitoring true marijuana or cannabis utilization and shortchanges the respective taxes owed to taxing agencies, potentially costing state and local governments hundreds of millions of dollars in lost tax income.”
As TFTP reported earlier this month, the inability to use a traditional bank is currently being used as an excuse in Florida, where local lawmakers are pushing back against the public, and looking for reasons to prohibit the medical cannabis dispensaries that were approved by the vast majority of voters.
According to the results from a Harvard-Harris Poll that was published last month, 86 percent of Americans now support some form of cannabis legalization. With the overwhelming majority of Americans viewing cannabis as the plant that it is—instead of the terrifying gateway drug the federal government has made it out to be—it raises the question of whether other states will join California in demanding that Congress finally listen to the American public.
I've been writing about higher order functions in my last post and I've mentioned their importance in Scala, but I didn't want to digress too much. Now it's time to introduce two great examples of higher order functions, map and flatMap. Map and flatMap are implemented for all collection types in the Scala collection library. They are quite significant functions in Scala, and functional programming in general, so they rightfully deserve their own post.
Map
Let's recall the foreach function mentioned in the previous post: list.foreach(print) . It is used to execute a function for each element of a collection.
Map is applying a function on each element of a collection similar to foreach, with the difference that map returns a new collection as a result. So we can think of the function supplied to map as a transformation function, which we can use to transform a collection of N elements into a new collection of N transformed elements.
// let's introduce a list of integers val list = List(1, 2, 4, 8) // and use a simple increment function def increment(value: Int): Int = value + 1 // map will call the increment function on each element of the list // and return a new list with the incremented values val result = list.map(increment) // returns: List(2, 3, 5, 9)
FlatMap
FlatMap is similar to map, with the requirement that the elements of the collection are collections as well, and with an additional step of flattening the elements of a collection after executing the transformation function.
Flatten is a standard operation of converting a list of lists into one list with all the elements. For all collection types.
// if we have a list of lists of integers named, creatively, listOfLists val listOfLists: List[List[Int]] = List(List(1, 2), List(4, 8), List()) // we can convert it into a list of integers which maintains all the elements of the sublists val result: List[Int] = listOfLists.flatten // returns: List(1, 2, 4, 8)
Therefore, flatmap would execute the transformation function on each list element of the listOfLists and return a single flattened list with all the transformed elements.
// if we have the same list of lists of integers val list = List(List(1, 2), List(4, 8), List()) // let us use the previously defined increment function again def increment(value: Int): Int = value + 1 // calling flatMap should result in the map functions executed // on the sublists List(1, 2) and List(4, 8) // followed by a flatted val result = list.flatMap(subList => subList.map(increment)) // returns: List(2, 3, 5, 9) // if we were to call a map instead of flatMap we would instead increment the integer values // in the list of lists, without flattening it // list.map(subList => subList.map(increment)) // returns: List(List(2, 3), List(4, 8), List())
I wouldn't dive deeper into the theory as I have only started scratching the surface myself, but I was constantly coming across the importance of the flatMap function for defining monads in functional programming. One thing I've learned so far is that not every construct that has a flatMap function is a monad, and that Scala has more flexible monad-like types. If interested, you can find more in this Stack Overflow discussion.
More than collections
Map and flatMap functions exist in other classes as well, not just collections. A good example are container classes like Option, Future and Try. And we can implement them for our own classes as well.
I've written about Scala Options before but I didn't mention how useful map and flatMap functions are with the Option container.
Take, for instance, the map function. Calling the map function on an Option (which can be either a Some(value) or None ) will execute the function only if the value is an instance of Some . So we can use this to conditionally execute a function without handling the None case.
// let's re-introduce an optional result with the type of Option[Result] // which can either have the value of Some(Result) or None val result: Option[Result] = ... // a doSomeWork function will only be executed if there is Some(Result) result.map( res => res.doSomeWork() )
On the other hand, the flatMap function can be even more useful with Options, as flattening a list of Option(value) returns a list of values, with only the values which exist, filtering out the None values.
// let's use a list of integers val list = List(1, 2, 4, 8) // and let's introduce a function that returns Option[Int] // such that for any value smaller than or equal 3, it returns None // otherwise it returns Some(value) def isBigEnough(value: Int): Option[Int] = if (value > 3) Some(value) else None // if we call this in a map function // we will get a list of Option[Int] val result: List[Option[Int]] = list.map(elem => isBigEnough(elem)) // it returns: List(None, None, Some(4), Some(8)) // but we can call this function in flatMap to return a filtered list of integers // with only the existing values val result: List[Int] = list.flatMap(elem => isBigEnough(elem)) // returns: List(4, 8)
I will not get into Try and Futures for now, as they would deserve more than just a few setences each, but I urge you to read more about both them if you're interested.
The for comprehension
There is a nice syntactic sugar in Scala that allows us to combine map and flatMap functions in a more readable way, using for comprehensions.
It can be explained using the above example and Options:
// let's use a list of integers from the example above val list = List(1, 2, 4, 8) // and let's also use the function defined in the example above def isBigEnough(value: Int): Option[Int] = ... // we can call the map function from the above example list.map(elem => isBigEnough(elem)) // but we can also write the same using the for comprehension for { elem <- list // iterate through the elements } yield isBigEnough(elem) // returns: List(None, None, Some(4), Some(8)) // we can call the flatMap function from the above example list.flatMap(elem => isBigEnough(elem)) // or we can write it using the for comprehension for { elem <- list // iterate through the elements option <- isBigEnough(elem) // call isBigEnough for each element } yield option // returns: List(4, 8)
So executing a statement on elements inside the for sections is equal to calling it in flatMap, and executing a statement in the yield section is equal to calling the statement in map. Let's see a more complex example combining everything we've seen before.
// let's use the previously introduced list of lists of integers val listOfLists = List(List(1, 2), List(4, 8), List()) // let's also use the increment function we already know def increment(value: Int): Int = value + 1 // we can use the for comprehension to write the flatMap execution // from the beginning of the post: list.flatMap(subList => subList.map(increment)) val transformedList = for { subList <- listOfLists converted <- subList.map(increment) } yield converted // transformedList = List(2, 3, 5, 9) // and we can also call the isBigEnough function to take only the elements > 3 for { converted <- transformedList option <- isBigEnough(converted) } yield option // returns: List(5, 9)
Parallel execution
Map and flatMap allow for easily processing collections in parallel. One can simply parallelise map and flatMap executions in Scala, by utilising parallel collections. It's as simple as adding .par to a collection to convert it to a parallel collection. Calling map or flatMap on the newly created parallel collection will now execute in parallel, utilising the number of cores available in the executing machine.
It's not a surprise that the map function is the key building block of the MapReduce programming model used for batch processing enormous amount of data in parallel in Google and in Apache Hadoop. And both map and flatMap are heavily utilised in Apache Spark as well.
Share with
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Milo Is Not the Victim Here
Milo Yiannopoulos, who writes for the “alt right” (i.e. white supremacist or neo-fascist) website Breitbart.com, is a master at victimizing other people and then claiming victim status for themselves when he's hit back. For example, they actually took advantage of a position in the White House Press Corps to whine to former President Obama about Twitter taking their blue checkmark away. And unfortunately, Yiannopoulos has all too many enablers on the so-called “libertarian” Right. Their latest misappropriation of victim status follows the cancellation of their appearance at UC Berkeley January 31, because of the administration's alleged safety concerns over violent demonstrations. And Reason‘s Robby Soave — who apparently has Google News notifications set for “micro-aggression,” “cultural appropriation” and “safe space” — is boo-hooing along in perfect harmony (“UC-Berkeley Protesters Set Campus on Fire, Shut Down Milo Yiannopoulos Event,” Feb. 1).
Soave, interestingly, reserves the term “despicable” for the demonstrators' “display of violence and censorship,” preferring the weasel-word “controversial” for Yiannopoulos — an idol among “race realists,” men's rights activists, GamerGaters, channers and all the other maggot-infested chunks in the rancid stew of the Breitbart readership. Says something about Soave's moral priorities there. They also uncritically regurgitates Yiannopoulos's spin that “the Left is absolutely terrified of free speech.”
This begs the question of whether Yiannopoulos's appearace was in fact just about “speech,” or maybe something more — an inconvenient question Soave manifestly has no interest in investigating because it doesn't fit into their preferred narrative. Not once in Soave's by-the-numbers article do they address the question of what Yiannopoulos actually came to Berkeley to do.
Yiannopoulos has a history of crossing the line between “free speech” and concrete action. They were banned from Twitter last year for encouraging their followers to swarm Ghostbusters actor Leslie Jones with harassment. In an appearance at UW Milwaukee, they flashed the image of a campus transgender rights activist on screen and singled them out to their fratboy followers, resulting in a spiral of harassment that caused them to drop out of college. They actually gloated about their withdrawal in subsequent appearances, claiming he'd protected female students from being harassed by them in the locker room. This is the figure Robby Soave calls “controversial” — in the same sentence that they call students “despicable” for trying to shut them down at Berkeley. Again, nice to know what their moral priorities are.
Yiannopoulos was reportedly planning to do the same thing at Berkeley, only on a much larger scale. Their appearance at Berkeley was to focus on attacking its “sanctuary university” policy of protecting the personal information of undocumented students from federal immigration authorities. At The Independent, Maya Oppenheim (“UC Berkeley protests: Milo Yiannopoulos planned to ‘publicly name undocumented students' in cancelled talk,” Feb. 3) quoted sources claiming that Yiannopoulos intended to out undocumented students in a livestream video of their appearance, and encourage local College Republican chapters to do likewise in defiance of sanctuary universities all over the country.
Yiannopoulos has denied these accusations, claiming they had planned to denounce the concept of cultural appropriation, while wearing a Native American headdress. But Breitbart.com is on record announcing, the previous day, that their theme would be sanctuary campuses and a call to prosecute campus officials for obstruction of justice. So it's a safe bet he's lying.
So let's let this sink in. Outing undocumented students and siccing federal police on them isn't just “speech.” It's an action — an action that, despite Robby Soave's reluctance to apply it to Yiannopoulos, is utterly despicable. I would go a step further and call it criminal, since it's aiding and abetting an assault on the freedom of students guilty of no wrongdoing.
What Yiannopoulos intended to do was the moral equivalent of outing Anne Frank's family to the Gestapo. (If that doesn't strike any emotional chords with you, Robby, just pretend they were going to sic the police on vaping establishments.)
So to sum up, the demonstrations against Yiannopoulos's appearance weren't just about “free speech.” They were direct action in defense of some of the most vulnerable people on campus, against someone working in league with the police state to rob them of their basic human rights. Yiannopoulos is despicable, and any “libertarian” who defends them is likewise despicable.
SYMMETRY has long been associated with perfection in both art and nature. In particular, research conducted over the past two decades has shown that symmetry is sexy. People prefer potential lovers to have symmetrical faces—the more so they are, the better.
This observation is now well established. Indeed, some biologists would go further and say that symmetry between other bodily features, such as hands, is also preferred. What remains unknown is why.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The usual assumption is that bodily symmetry is a proxy for good health. Symmetry suggests orderly development in the womb and during childhood, and thus, the theory has it, captures a range of desirable things from good genes to infection-resistance. The evidence for this, though, is equivocal. And a study just published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society, by Nicholas Pound of Brunel University, in London, and their colleagues suggests that in one particular at least, it is wrong.
No bias for bias
Dr Pound looked at the relationship between facial asymmetry and illness in more than 4,700 15-year-olds. They drew on data collected as part of a project called the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). This has accumulated detailed records of the childhood health of participants by sending questionnaires to those children's parents once a year. In addition, 2,506 of the girls involved and 2,226 of the boys agreed, for a previous study conducted when they were 15 (and carried out by one of Dr Pound's co-authors, Arshed Toma), to have their faces scanned to create three-dimensional images. Dr Pound used these images to assess participants' facial asymmetry, and then looked for correlations with rates of childhood illness, as recorded in the questionnaires.
There were none. They examined the number of years in which each child had been reported to have suffered any illness at all; the rate, each year, of symptoms such as diarrhoea, vomiting and coughing; and also a child's total infection load, defined as the number of illnesses from a list of 16 (including measles, chicken pox, mumps, influenza and glandular fever) from which they or they had ever suffered. In each case, facial asymmetry was uncorrelated. As far as susceptibility to infection is concerned, then, asymmetry is a useless indicator.
Dr Pound and their colleagues did, though, turn up some evidence for a second hypothesis: that symmetry is correlated with intelligence. They found an inverse relation between a child's facial asymmetry at 15 and the results of an IQ test given to ALSPAC's participants when they were eight.
The effect was slight—less than 1% of total observed variation in those participants' IQs. But previous studies of facial asymmetry, with smaller sample sizes, have suggested a similar effect. Sceptics often ascribe these earlier results to publication bias (the tendency of both researchers and journal editors to prefer to publish studies that show correlations, rather than ones that do not). But Dr Pound's research, whose main conclusion is just such an absence of correlation, can scarcely be accused of suffering from that.
Updated | President Donald Trump touched on many hot-button subjects during their 41-minute address at the United Nations in New York on Tuesday.
But it seems that none of these topics was particularly engaging for Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe. The 93-year-old African leader—the world's oldest serving head of state—appeared to try and catch up on sleep during Trump's address.
While Trump was speaking about how the United States “bears an unfair cost burden” for maintaining the U.N., a cutaway showed members of the Zimbabwean delegation in various states of what looked like slumber, confusion and contentment.
Mugabe, sat at the front of their delegation, rested their head on their left hand and seemed to have their eyes closed.
With an economic crisis at home in Zimbabwe and preparations underway for a general election in 2018, Mugabe is probably in need of some rest. The nonagenarian leader has also been plagued by illness in recent years: Mugabe makes regular trips to Singapore for medical check-ups and has suffered problems with their eyes, though government officials have downplayed their ailments.
It's also not the first time Mugabe has been caught apparently snoozing in public. In May, the Zimbabwean leader seemingly nodded off during a World Economic Forum meeting in South Africa.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe closes their eyes during the Africa Union meeting in Sirte, Libya, on July 4, 2005. Radu Sigheti/Reuters
On that occasion, Mugabe's spokesperson George Charamba explained that their boss was not really sleeping during important conferences, but was rather protecting their eyes from bright lighting by looking down and avoiding the glare of lights.
Whatever the explanation, the reactions of Zimbabwe's delegation to Trump's speech were well-received by many on social media.
Mugabe has previously spoken of their approval for Trump's "America first" rhetoric and said that they employ a similar mindset in Zimbabwe. But on this occasion, it appears that Trump failed to capture the attention of their Zimbabwean counterpart.
This article originally incorrectly stated that Robert Mugabe is 90 years old. Mugabe is actually 93 years old.
Video. Gary Neville analyses Arsenal 7 – Newcastle 3 & Theo Walcott
There was a bumper Monday Night Football on the final day of 2012 and Gary Neville lived up to their reputation as the best football pundit in England.
G Nev dealt with various topics on the Sky Sports show, including their Premier League team of the season so far as well as analysing the highlights from the weekend just gone in the Premier League.
Neville, as ever, analysed superbly, Arsenal's 7-3 mauling of Newcastle on Saturday evening and also had some interesting points about the future of Theo Walcott.
Neville pointed out that Walcott is just 23, and wherever the Arsenal forward ends up, the best years are still way ahead of the England forward.
Footage of Gary Neville analysing Arsenal's win over Newcastle and their comments on Theo Walcott can be seen below.
Tensions are running higher in the South China Sea as it becomes increasingly evident that China's land reclamation and military buildup represents a concerted policy by Beijing to carve out a large exclusive economic and strategic domain for itself. The situation could further deteriorate if Beijing decides that with the United States absorbed by a presidential race for the ages, the time is right to further consolidate its hold on the disputed territories. No matter what China's next steps are, it is important for U.S. policymakers to have an accurate understanding of what Southeast Asian states are willing and not willing to do in solving their territorial disputes with China. This is particularly true in the case of Vietnam.
Vietnam is the most capable and determined Southeast Asian state to challenge China's claims in the South China Sea. The Vietnamese Navy fought several bloody skirmishes with the PLA over the Spratly Islands, and has been coordinating with other neighboring navies to carry out joint operations near the disputed reefs and shoals. Although China has been more provocative as of late, Vietnam also has a history of carrying out bold moves to stake claims in disputed waters. Lastly, Vietnam's leaders are less likely to give in to Chinese pressure to abandon multilateral efforts to solve the dispute in favor of one-on-one talks that Beijing could readily dominate.
Vietnam is also home to the Cam Ranh Bay naval base, which is considered one of the best deep-water ports in all of Southeast Asia. The port's strategic value is further enhanced by an adjacent airport suitable for landing heavy transport planes and strategic bombers. If a major naval power gained permanent access to the base, it would be difficult for any other country to exercise sole control over the South China Sea, even if that country held most of the disputed islands in question.
Cam Ranh's History
Cam Ranh was used by the French and Japanese navies during their respective periods of colonial rule and occupation. The modern base was built by the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam War. As the war intensified, the base steadily grew in importance. Cam Ranh served as a major logistics hub, a tactical fighter base and the primary location for treating injured U.S. soldiers. Cam Ranh was handed over to the South Vietnamese in 1973 as part of a general U.S. drawdown. Two years later, the base fell to the advancing North Vietnamese army.
Much to the disappointment of the Soviet Union, Vietnam initially declined to lease the base to the Soviet Navy at the end of the Vietnam War. It would take the 1979 Sino-Vietnamese War, and the massive Soviet military airlift to aid the Vietnamese army, for Hanoi to agree to a twenty-five-year lease of Cam Ranh's facilities to the USSR. The Soviets moved quickly to expand the base, making it the largest Soviet foreign installation outside of eastern Europe. In addition to being a naval hub, Cam Ranh was used for signals intelligence against both the United States and China.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russia had little need for Cam Ranh and the base was allowed to fall into a major state of disrepair by the time Russia left it in 2002. Since then, the Vietnamese government modernized the port and has allowed multiple navies to call on Cam Ranh— setting the stage for intense speculation about its future.
Frontrunners:
The United States
By most metrics, the United States is the frontrunner for regaining base access to Cam Ranh. Since normalizing diplomatic relations with Vietnam in 1995, bilateral economic and security ties have steadily grown in importance. In 2014 the United States relaxed an arms embargo in place since the 1980s, and there is strong support for lifting the ban on selling lethal weapons to Hanoi as well. Despite being bitter Cold War foes, most Vietnamese hold a positive view of the United States. On a strategic level, Vietnam remains suspicious of China's long-term intentions and sees the United States as an important security partner.
Granting the United States access to Cam Ranh would be a major symbolic affirmation of a budding alliance between Washington and Hanoi, and would neutralize the military value of many of China's installations in the South China Sea. On the other hand, it would also likely precipitate a serious deterioration in Sino-Vietnamese relations. At the very least, China could impose major economic punishment on Vietnamese businesses. Since the Vietnamese leadership likely believes that U.S.-Chinese relations are on an inexorable path towards greater competition, Vietnam would prefer to be courted by both Washington and Beijing rather than be forced to lean decisively towards the United States. Hanoi also has some residual doubts about the level of U.S. resolve in the South China Sea. Thus, the cost of inviting the United States back to Cam Ranh outweighs the current benefits.
Russia
Russia has been perhaps the most explicit in its desire to return to Cam Ranh Bay . Russian experts were hired for the recent modernization of the port, and Vietnam allowed the airfield to be used for refueling Russian bombers, prompting serious concern from the State Department . A base in Vietnam would be of largely symbolic value for Russia (the Russian Navy would be able to spare a handful of ships, at best) but it comports with the Kremlin's broader strategy of restoring international prestige and playing a more active global role. Also working in its favor are longstanding military relations with Vietnam; the Vietnamese military continues to acquire most of its weaponry from Russia, including a recent $2.6 billion purchase of Kilo-class submarines. For its part, Vietnam has been publicly supportive of greater Russian involvement that falls short of outright ownership of the base: Hanoi recently granted Russia simplified naval access to the port.
The biggest factor working against Russia's case is Moscow's growing convergence with Beijing on the South China Sea dispute. Russia's economic woes and international isolation after Crimea's annexation and the war in eastern Ukraine have made the Kremlin increasingly reliant on China. As a result, Russia is now opposing the “internationalization” of the South China Sea dispute and calling for it to be resolved through direct talks of the parties to the dispute, essentially mirroring China's official position. Under such circumstances, Russia's preferential use of Cam Ranh's facilities is unlikely to lead to an exclusive basing agreement.
Long Shots:
Japan
Japan is also no stranger to Cam Ranh Bay. Two Japanese destroyers have called to port in Cam Ranh this year, as the Japanese navy steps up its involvement in the South China Sea. While the logistical need is there, it is highly unlikely that Vietnam would allow Japan permanent access to Cam Ranh. The move risks inviting major backlash due to Japan's legacy of wartime occupation (the base was used for the invasion of Malaysia in 1942), which would play into China's narrative about the revival of Japanese militarism. The decision is unlikely to sit well with Japan's electorate, either, which is already deeply apprehensive about Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's more activist defense policy. In short, Japan is a long-shot candidate for the Cam Ranh base.
China
Even though China invaded Vietnam in 1979 and subsequently clashed over the disputed shoals and reefs in the South China Sea, China's bid for the base cannot be entirely ruled out. Both countries have developed strong economic relations, there are pro-Chinese elements within the Vietnamese Communist Party and Hanoi has hinted in the past that the base could be leased to China. During the late 1990s, when Vietnam hoped to renegotiate Russia's rent payments for Cam Ranh, Vietnamese negotiators suggested that the base could be turned over to the United States or China if Russia did not pay up. While Vietnam has more ties with China than most in the United States realize, such a move would still be very unlikely in the current climate. A Chinese presence in Cam Ranh would further cement China's position in the South China Sea and would risk turning the strategic international waterway into a de facto Chinese lake.
And the Winner Is. . .
None of the above. Vietnamese officials have stated on several occasions that Hanoi is not interested in signing a military agreement for the use of Cam Ranh's base with any country. They should be taken at their word. Permitting the naval facilities to be open to all international vessels allows Vietnam to pursue closer relations with several countries at once and keep its long-term options open. Vietnam's position on Cam Ranh could change, but only if the situation in the South China Sea significantly deteriorates. And while the current dispute with China is serious, it's nowhere close to the antagonism of the late 1970s, when the two countries fought a brief but intense conflict.
Awwww shit, commissions are back!
It's that time again. This time however I am limited to five slots and will update this exact post as the slots fill. These five slots are for the $15 + commissions. $5 sketch commissions are unlimited. Once I work through the five I'll open up another five slots. The lead image at the top of this post has all the details for you, but in short:
$5 sketches. $15 colored character art. $25 poster-quality drawings. E-mail me at hpkomic@gmail.com with the title “Commission” if interested. I retain the right to say no, and I will not rip you off if I need to cancel due to other obligations.
As always, if you become a tier 4 patron of Cosmic Dash you get a character commission basically every month. Be aware though, there are only two of those slots left.
Also, please note that the various screentones, brushes, and fonts I use in my images can also be purchased at $1 per set, and buying them entitles you to free updates for life basically. The 90+ Screentones pack, for example, will be updated to 140+ very soon.
Slots Available
Due to the number of requests I am getting I will be posting commission slot updates as the openings become available. They do not represent a necassary priority order, but generally anyone near the top is the focus at any given time.
Just listen to this satisfied customer!
OurPDX‘s Betsy Richter periodically assembles a Shared Links post, which consists of, in their words, what we've found as we've traveled the local PDX web, and which includes link to and brief excerpts of recent interesting posts.
It's flattering that a few of my posts have made the lists, and almost always I'm introduced to a great blogger's work of which previously I had been ignorant (as is the case with the excellent Cocktailia blog which I just learned about from yesterday's Shared Links, and which I've already added to my blogroll).
So in the same spirit as OurPDX's shared links, I would like to highlight a few recent blog posts I have found particularly interesting or impressive or informative or just plain amusing, all of which happen to be from blogs in my blogroll.
Portland's Bermuda Triangle: A Dangerous Experience for Beer and Sci-Fi Lovers – from Beer and Sci-Fi
Did you know that Portland has a mysterious geographical location where gravity is different and paranormal happenings take place? A place where those fascinated with either beer or science fiction or both will find themselves trapped and unarmed?
Breakfast Is Going To Make My Dad Yell At Me – from Mile73
We went to Bob's Red Mill, inspired by the 2009 World Porridge Making Championship. What, you didn't know there was a championship for porridge making? It's in Scotland. What kind of rock do you live under?
Ribs? Catfish? Collard Greens? Cocaine? – from Portland Sucks
[The post is too short to really excerpt, and it includes a video – just follow the link!]
Just another day in Portland from Brewcaster
[It's another video, filmed on a lovely early fall day.]
Reasoning with the river – from beerdrinker.org
I was beginning to remember why I don't fish. But I got another lure strung to a leader and got back on the water. Cast. Snag. I tried to work the usual magic. Let some line out, whip it around, walk the shore up and down. To no avail. The lure was lost. At this point I was done. Totally freakin done. [or was they . . . ?]
The 2009 pdxplate Awards – from pdx Plate
About a year ago, a small message board was born out of the idea that despite the unusually large number of food sites here in Portland, there was a kind of conversation that wasn't taking place. Instead of the usual forum babble of “have you gone?” and “how is the?” and “where should I?”, the singular driving mantra of pdxplate has been one of blazing your own food and drink trail, jumping without a net, and mixing metaphors. Taking one for the team. It's a simple notion, but a powerful one, and it's what this site is all about. A year's worth of eating and drinking led to some great discoveries, and to commemorate pdxplate's one year anniversary, here is a look back at the Plates of the Year.
A Day of Romances – from XUP
A couple of hours ago HackRead reported that Marcus Hutchins, a security researcher who stopped WannaCry ransomware spreading was arrested by the FBI for unknown reasons while they were attending BlackHat and DefCon security conferences. Now, it has been revealed that Hutchins was arrested for their role in creating and distributing Kronos, a banking malware.
Now, according to a federal indictment as noted by The Verge, it has been revealed that Hutchins was arrested for their role in creating and distributing Kronos, a banking malware discovered in July 2014 which stole banking credentials from around the world but primarily targeted the United Kingdom and North America.
Hutchins was arrested while they were catching a flight from Las Vegas to their home city London.
The indictment also mentions another defendant whose name has been retracted. It is believed that the unknown defended worked with Hutchins on Kronos malware.
An unnamed co-defendant and Marcus Hutchins knowingly conspired and agreed with eachother to commit an offense against the United States, namely, to knowgly cause the transmission of a program, information, code, and command and as a result of such conduct, intentionally cause damage without authorization, to 10 or more protected computers during a 1-year period in voilation of Title 18, United States Code, stated in the court documents.
In a Tweet from 13 July 2014, it can be seen that Hutchins Tweeted about Kronos malware where they asked if “Anyone got a Kronos sample?” However, it's normal to ask for malware samples since analyzing malicious samples is a core part of a Security researcher's job.
Anyone got a kronos sample? — MalwareTech (@MalwareTechBlog) July 13, 2014
The timing of Hutchins's arrest is crucial since US law enforcement authorities have been nabbing people involved in cyber crimes around the world. Last month, authorities shut down Aplhabay marketplace and arrested its founder who later committed suicide in a Thai prison.
There would be avenues for disputing charges, including with national regulators, if you think your carrier makes bad judgment calls. However, companies could regularly (if temporarily) apply those surcharges in "exceptional circumstances" where customers in their home markets face price hikes or other "negative effects." Telecoms would have to show that free roaming was threatening their domestic pricing model.
If the European Parliament likes the approach and puts into effect ahead of a June 15th, 2017 target date, it could be helpful for EU residents who spend large stretches of time away from their homeland. However, the fuzziness of this roaming plan has its problems. Where do carriers draw the line for abuse? There's a risk that carriers will keep the threshold artificially low, guaranteeing that you'd face surcharges if you use your phone even slightly more than usual (say, to share vacation photos). The EU may need to carefully define its definition of misuse if it wants to avoid a public outcry.
Derby County's Under 18s were unable to make their efforts count on Saturday afternoon as they suffered a 2-0 defeat at the hands of high-flying Everton.
A goal in the first-half from Shayne Lavery was followed up by a goal from Daniel Bramall in the second-half and that proved enough for the Toffees to claim all three points and extend their unbeaten run to eleven.The defeat against Everton marks as a third successive one for Justin Walker and Rory Delap's side, however it was a performance which will give Derby great confidence going forward as they look to recapture their impressive early season form.Looking back on the contest, a fast start from the Rams saw them dominate the early stages of the game and this allowed them to register the first shot on goal through Jack Haywood – who volleyed the ball just wide from outside the area.Derby's chance, though, acted as something of a wake-up call for Everton and before long, the ball was at other end of the pitch after the visitors almost immediately launched a threatening counter attack.The ball was hoofed forward down the right side of the field and impressive work from Bramall saw them create space to deliver a perfect cross to Fraser Horby. It appeared that the towering forward had only the ‘keeper to beat but a superbly-timed tackle from Joe Bateman ensured the score remained level.It wasn't until the game approached the interval that any further chances were created at either end of the pitch.The remaining five minutes of the first-half, though, proved to be intense as Everton very quickly upped their tempo in an attempt to steal a goal before the break and they came close to doing so through Lavery after they were allowed to line up a shot in the area, which they sent narrowly wide.It was just a minute later, however, on 42 minutes that Lavery did find the back of the net - running on to an intelligent through ball and blasting it to the right-side of Matt Yates.After the half-time break, a quick start from both sides saw the game open up once again, but it was Everton who were able to create the best chances and they very nearly made it 2-0 on 53 minutes after an audacious curled effort from Lavery was narrowly put round the post.On 67 minutes, though, the visitors made their pressure count and this time it was wideman Bramall who stepped up to top off an impressive individual run with a ruthless finish from the outside of the box.After doubling their lead, it was Derby who took the next ten minutes of the game by storm, imposing themselves on Everton in the hope that they could reduce the deficit.However, in the end, a strong and stubborn defensive display from Everton prevented the Rams from having meaningful opportunity in front of goal.With the game in its dying stages, the visitors looked to punish the Rams even more but a succession of exceptional saves from Yates ensured that the deficit was not extended as the referee called time on a narrow defeat for the Rams.Yates, Bogle, Mills, Wise, Bateman (C), Thomas, Mitchell-Lawson, Haywood, Davidson-Miller, Bird, CresswellJibodu, Fryatt, Magno, Edwards, RashidRenshaw, Morris, Harrington, Baningime, Lees, Feeney, Kiersey (C), Hornby, Evans, LaveryPierce, Denny, Moore, Ball, ScullyTweets by @ dcfcofficial
Mayor Kasim Reed tapped a 20-year veteran of the Atlanta Police Department to become its next chief, pledging that they and the agency's new leader will continue working closely with the city's LGBT residents.
Deputy Chief Erika Shields, who joined Atlanta police in 1995, will replace Chief George Turner, who announced that he's retiring later this month after 35 years with the agency, Reed said during a City Hall press conference on Thursday.
Reed named Turner acting police chief just days into their new administration in January 2010 and the pair inherited a fractured relationship with the LGBT community in the wake of the police raid of the Eagle. The raid happened before Reed took office.
But Turner, named the city's top cop in July 2010, and Reed worked to repair the damage done by the bar raid. A second LGBT liaison was hired, Turner improved how the liaisons were involved in cases with LGBT victims, and the chief eventually fired six officers and disciplined nine others involved in the Eagle raid.
Shields had a front row seat to the aftermath of the raid as they served as Turner's chief of staff. In 2011, Turner tasked Shields with cleaning up the mess the raid left behind. That included compliance with the terms of a federal lawsuit filed over the raid, which the city and the police department have sometimes struggled with.
Shields said Thursday she's proud of the progress that Atlanta police have made since the raid in 2009.
"I think we have made enormous inroads and the first step in the process is that the department as a whole acknowledging that we had come up short and that we were to blame. And that process took awhile," Shields said.
"We are in a completely different space in so far as the LGBT community is concerned. We are actually asked to train abroad on bias crimes on a regular basis by the State Department. Much of our success is attributed to the fact that this office here is so professional and there is so much talent that we can rely on," they added, referring to the mayor's office where their promotion was announced.
Turner said the agency is committed to reflecting the diversity of the city, an effort that they said started when Atlanta police hired its first black officer in 1948 – years ahead of other law enforcement agencies.
"Our diversity is what makes us strong," Turner said. "If you look at the demographics of our department, it is really close to what the demographics of the city are like."
"If we chose to ask the question of our folks' sexual preference, I think we would be close in that category as well. And that's not done by mistake, that's done by intention," Turner said.
A large contingent of LGBT officers marches in the Atlanta Pride parade each October. Turner took part just months after being promoted in 2010. Shields has participated in the Pride parade several times in recent years. In July, Shields took part in a public forum with LGBT activists and leaders hosted by U.S. Attorney John Horn.
"We started in a very tough place dating back to the Eagle in 2009 before we took office. We made some horrible decisions and mistakes there but we began to embrace those decisions and try to get it right, created relationships with the LGBT community and began to work in that space," Turner said.
"We are changing [LGBT] perception around the Atlanta Police Department and our engagement. It's continuing work. It's not something that's complete. I'm confident that Chief Shields will continue the work that we've done and develop additional partnerships with that community as well as all communities," Turner added.
In 2010, Turner promoted Major Renee Propes to deputy chief, making them the highest-ranking publicly gay commander at the agency. Propes retired in 2014. In 2015, Turner promoted Darin Schierbaum and Henrietta Smith, both gay, to majors and dispatched Schierbaum to the agency's training academy. That's where they were tasked with cleaning up a controversy over homophobic and anti-trans training materials used to train new police recruits.
Shields faces challenges over LGBT issues, including how the agency treats transgender people and its compliance with reforms spelled out in the city's settlement of the Eagle raid lawsuit. There's also the fate of the nine-member LGBT advisory board, which Turner created in 2010. The panel hasn't met since 2012.
'The LGBT community is a part of us'
Reed credited Turner and their command staff at the police department with improving relations with LGBT residents and helping the city earn perfect scores on HRC's Municipal Equality Index.
"Our administration's view of the LGBT community is that it's a part of us. It is a part of the body," Reed said.
"We decided it's not really enough to treat anyone as other and so from my office to the leadership of the police department, that is exactly where we are going to stay," Reed added.
Reed said the improved relationship between the city, police and LGBT residents was seen in June when the mayor convened a meeting with nearly three-dozen LGBT leaders and business owners to discuss public safety issues in the wake of the massacre at Pulse, a gay nightclub in Orlando.
"One of the best days we had, unfortunately brought on by the tragedy of the Pulse shooting, was the comfort that leaders of the LGBTQ community had in coming into City Hall and sitting around and having a conversation for two hours, sharing some of the most intimate feelings that you could share. I thought that was a huge moment in the life of the city and I think that we got to that space because of the leadership of Chief Turner and their command team," Reed said.
"It was Chief Turner and Deputy Chief Erika Shields by my side helping to address the anxiety that was genuinely felt within the LGBT community," the mayor said.
A contributor, a Mr Falconer, has posted a comment on a rather old thread ('Fighting the Fake War on Drugs'). I have responded to it there, but thought the exchange deserved a wider circulation than it will get on that old thread. I have ignored the more wearisome boilerplate in their case, but have offered direct rebuttals of some of the accusations of dishonesty which eh makes against me. My responses are in bold type.
Mr Hitchens,
The only one telling lies here is you. You know full well that prosecuting drug users is a futile strategy, which is why we do not follow it. Proof of that can be found with immediate ease, by looking across the Atlantic, where a vigorous war against drug users is still in full force. The result? The so-called "land of the free" has the biggest prison population in the world, with over two million people behind bars, of which over fifty percent are non-violent drug users.
***PH writes: This sort of misleading phraseology is typical of the drug propagandist. They may well be non-violent drug-users. But they are not in prison *for* non-violent drug use. Anyone with access to a search engine can look up an article from the (far-from-unfunky) US magazine 'Rolling Stone;' (key phrase "Top 10 Marijuana myths") which points out : ' About 750,000 people are arrested every year for marijuana offenses in the U.S. There's a lot of variation across states in what happens next. Not all arrests lead to prosecutions, and relatively few people prosecuted and convicted of simple possession end up in jail. Most are fined or are placed into community supervision. About 40,000 inmates of state and federal prison have a current conviction involving marijuana, and about half of them are in for marijuana offenses alone; most of these were involved in distribution. Less than one percent are in for possession alone.'
Less than one per cent. Got that? The writer also seems to have failed to notice the increasing legalisation of marijuana, either directly or through the ruse of 'medical marijuana' in a majority of US jurisdictions. With a few minor exceptions, the US has followed the British path of de facto decriminalisation of marijuana possession over many years, masked by the maintenance on the books of unenforced laws which appear stringent. ****
You are also a liar by omission, because you never invite people to imagine the consequences should we follow the stupid American prohibitionist model. It would require the creation of a police state and prison gulag system the equivalent of....er, the USA. The only beneficiaries would be the evil corporations which profit from human misery through privatised prisons.
You're approach is ilogical & narrow minded. How can it possibly benefit someone who has a drug problem by locking them up? Statistics show that prison sentences for drug addicts in the USA does nothing whatsover to deter use, in fact it does the exact opposite, with the vast majority of drug users who receive prison sentences relapsing on release.
The reason society is moving closer to legalisation is not because of some imaginary "Big Dope" lobby, which is a scare tactic that you have invented, [another lie],
***PH writes: Similarly I ask readers to seek out a 'Washingtion Times' article by Kelly Riddell from 2nd April 2014, which opens with the words : 'Billionaire philanthropist George Soros hopes the U.S. goes to pot, and they are using their money to drive it there.
With a cadre of like-minded, wealthy donors, Mr. Soros is dominating the pro-legalization side of the marijuana debate by funding grass-roots initiatives that begin in New York City and end up affecting local politics elsewhere.
Through a network of nonprofit groups, Mr. Soros has spent at least $80 million on the legalization effort since 1994, when they diverted a portion of their foundation's funds to organizations exploring alternative drug policies, according to tax filings.
Their spending has been supplemented by Peter B. Lewis, the late chairperson of Progressive Insurance Co. and an unabashed pot smoker who channeled more than $40 million to influence local debates, according to the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws. The two billionaires' funding has been unmatched by anyone on the other side of the debate.
Mr. Soros makes their donations through the Drug Policy Alliance, a nonprofit they fund with roughly $4 million in annual contributions from their Foundation to Promote an Open Society.'
****
....but because millions of people, through their personal experience are discovering the complete uselessness of prohibition; that it does absolutely nothing to deter drug use or rehabilitate, in fact prohibition does the absolute opposite by creating forbidden fruit, while at the same time worsening every problem associated with drug use, and creating other problems which did not exist prior to the introduction of prohibition -for example drug gang violence, drug adulteration.
***PH remarks: The principal protection of the individual against adulterated illegal drugs comes from the fact that their sale and purchase is illegal, and people are therefore clearly warned not to use them at all. If they then do so, it is surely at their own risk.
I have several times pointed to the case of Japan, which enforces laws which Mr Falconer would no doubt describe as 'prohibition', and has as a result achieved a much lower level of drug use (as admitted in the recent Home Office report on the subject, though they baselessly ascribed this to 'cultural differences' because it would otherwise have spoiled their argument) than in any other advanced free, law-governed and democratic country.****
The only people who benefit from prohibition are the drug traffickers, corrupt politicians, the security services and the privatised prison corporations. These are the people you side with when you argue for a new front in the War on Drugs. When, eventually drugs are legalised, and the sky does not fall on our heads, you will have to accept that you are entirely on the wrong side of history on this issue, and your arguments are ridiculous and simplistic.
***PH writes: Mr Falconer has shown here no sign of having read or understood my actual case, made in my book 'The War We Never Fought' and in many articles here. So I am not sure we can rely on their description of my arguments.***
I also suggest you watch the excellent film Kill The Messenger, about the journalist Gary Webb, who exposed cocaine trafficking by the CIA, and whose career as a journalist was utterly destroyed as a result. They supposedly committed suicide by shooting themselves in the head, twice. Which leads me to ask how much do you get paid for being a shill for prohibition, when you know that any logical examination of prohibition policies leads to the conclusion that it does not work and must be reformed. Thirty pieces of silver by any chance?
***PH writes : I campaign against drug liberalisation because I strongly believe it is wrong. Nobody has ever offered me money to take up this case, or to influence my views on this or any other subject, nor would I accept it if they did. ***
Over the winter break, I finally got around to binge-watching Parks and Recreation. In case you missed the show's seven-year run, it's about a fascistic small-town councilwoman who believes it's a politician's job to impose their notions of morality, safety and decency on everyone, no matter what voters want or what the system dictates.  They are justifiably recalled by the people of their town after attempting to regulate portion sizes at fast-food restaurants but ends up running a federal office where they can do big things without the consent of the people.
Now, I realize that most of the show's fans see the narrative in a vastly different light and the protagonist, Leslie Knope, as the sort of idealistic, compassionate and principled politician Americans should love. Parks and Rec can be fantastically funny (and it has a big heart), but as I watched, I was often reminded that many people glorify the idea of "public service"—a preposterous term that treats politics as if it were a sacrifice without pay, power or prestige—and "doing something" as a moral imperative, no matter how politicians get it done.
When I got back from my winter vacation, America was still being run by a two-term president who believes it's their job to impose their notions of morality, safety and decency on everyone, often trying to work around the limits the system places on him. This week, Barack Obama is going to institute new restrictions on Americans unilaterally—expanding background checks, closing supposed "loopholes" and tightening the process for law-abiding gun owners—because Congress "won't act" and also because they believe it's the right thing to do. Neither of those is a compelling reason to legislate from the White House.
Perhaps no post-World War II president (and maybe none before) has justified their executive overreach by openly contending they were working around the lawmaking branch of government because it had refused to do what they desired. Whether a court finds their actions constitutional or not, it's an argument that stands, at the very least, against the spirit of American governance. Today many liberals call this "leadership."
The likeliest result of their new gun push will be that hundreds of thousands of Americans who understandably fear the mission creep of government will end up buying a whole bunch of guns. The flow of donations to Second Amendment advocacy groups will almost certainly rise, and gun violence—which has fallen considerably over the past 20 years of gun ownership expansion—will not be addressed.
But more consequential—and this may be the most destructive legacy of the Obama presidency—is the mainstreaming of the idea that if Congress "fails to act," it's OK for the president to figure out a way to make law himself. Hillary Clinton's already applauded Obama's actions because, as they put it, "Congress won't act; we have to do something." This idea is repeated perpetually by the left, in effect arguing that we live in a direct democracy run by the president (until a Republican is in office, of course). On immigration, on global warming, on Iran, on whatever crusade liberals are on, the president has a moral obligation to act if Congress doesn't do what they want.
To believe this, you'd have to accept two things: that Congress has a responsibility to pass bills on issues important to the president and that Congress has not already acted.
In 2013, the Senate rejected legislation to expand background checks for gun purchases and to ban certain weapons and ammunition, and it would almost certainly oppose nearly every idea Obama has to curb gun ownership today. Congress has acted, just not in the manner Obama desires.
If President George W. Bush had instituted a series of restrictions on the abortion industry—seeing as it has a loud, well-organized and well-funded lobby that wants to make abortions "effortlessly" available—without congressional input, would that have been procedurally OK with liberals? You know, for the children? I don't imagine so.
The truth is that Obama has attempted to govern without Congress ever since Democrats rammed the Affordable Care Act through. It was the first time any consequential reform was instituted by a single political party, poisoning any chance of building consensus on major legislation in the foreseeable future. Since then, Republicans have frustrated Democrats—and on nearly every issue that matters to Obama. Obama has gone as far as they can—and sometimes farther—to administer law through our loudest, largest, most powerful and best-funded bureaucracies.
A lot of people justify this behavior for the most obvious reason: They don't care about process; they only care about issues. It's true that the upside of executive orders and actions is that they can be easily undone when a new president is elected. But with the intractability of both parties only becoming more pronounced, the temptation to use the Obama model of legislating through the executive branch will become increasingly attractive to politicians and their supporters.
Copyright 2016 Creators.com
Recently, heading to Columbia to take part in a symposium on the future of journalism — a subject that feels at once on some great cusp and under the weight of a myriad conflicting pressures — I found myself revisiting E.B. White's spectacular 1969 conversation with The Paris Review's George Plimpton and sidekick Frank H. Crowther, included in the altogether superb interview, included in the altogether unputdownable The Paris Review Interviews, vol. IV (public library).
White — who has also voiced strong opinions on the free press and, of course, the architecture of language — shares some timeless yet strikingly timely insights on the role and the responsibility of the writer:
A writer should concern themselves with whatever absorbs their fancy, stirs their heart, and unlimbers their typewriter. I feel no obligation to deal with politics. I do feel a responsibility to society because of going into print: a writer has the duty to be good, not lousy; true, not false; lively, not dull; accurate, not full of error. They should tend to lift people up, not lower them down. Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life.
One important reflection is that in 1969, implicit to the very nature of print was a kind of accountability, a truth standard that engendered in White this sense of “responsibility to society.” As news and opinion have shifted online, a medium much more fluid and dynamic, this notion of baked-in accountability no longer holds true and, one might observe, has allowed journalistic laziness that would never have been acceptable in White's heyday. What standards and expectations we adopt and instill in writers and publishers today will “inform and shape life.”
When asked how they see the role of the writer in an era “increasingly enamored of and dependent upon science and technology” — bear in mind, this is 1969 — White answers:
The writer's role is what it has always been: they are a custodian, a secretary. Science and technology have perhaps deepened their responsibility but not changed it. In ‘The Ring of Time,' I wrote: ‘As a writing man, or secretary, I have always felt charged with the safekeeping of all unexpected items of worldly or unworldly enchantment, as though I might be held personally responsible if even a small one were to be lost. But it is not easy to communicate anything of this nature.' A writer must reflect and interpret their society, their world; they must also provide inspiration and guidance and challenge. Much writing today strikes me as deprecating, destructive, and angry. There are good reasons for anger, and I have nothing against anger. But I think some writers have lost their sense of proportion, their sense of humor, and their sense of appreciation. I am often mad, but I would hate to be nothing but mad: and I think I would lose what little value I may have as a writer if I were to refuse, as a matter of principle, to accept the warming rays of the sun, and to report them, whenever, and if ever, they happen to strike me. One role of the writer today is to sound the alarm. The environment is disintegrating, the hour is late, and not much is being done. Instead of carting rocks from the moon, we should be carting the feces out of Lake Erie.
I love this notion of a custodian, or secretary, or interpreter, of culture. Though the word “curator” is tragically flawed, the ideals at its heart — to shine a light on the meaningful, to frame for the reader or viewer what matters in the world and why — remain an important piece of the evolution of authorship. What White describes as the role of the writer is very much the role of the cultural custodian today, in the broadest, most platform-agnostic sense of the role possible.
But perhaps most brilliantly, in one swift sentence White captures everything that's wrong with the sensationalism that permeates media today, from the HuffPostification of headlines to the general linkbait alarmism of language designed to squeeze out another barely-monetized pageview:
Shocking writing is like murder: the questions the jury must decide are the questions of motive and intent.
Complement with White on the future of reading, what makes a great city, why they wrote Charlotte's Web, the two faces of discipline and their warm letter of assurance to a man who had lost faith in humanity, then plunge into this evolving library of wisdom on writing from some of humanity's greatest writers.
NASHUA, N.H. (AP) -- Republican presidential candidate John Kasich vowed Thursday to balance the federal budget within eight years as part of a domestic agenda led by broad tax cuts and a yearslong freeze on all spending except the military.
The Ohio governor's budget framework would focus tax cuts on businesses and the wealthy - though at least one provision is aimed at lower-income people - and dramatically scale back the federal government's role in administering education and transportation funding. It's an agenda for the first 100 days that is not as aggressive of some of their more conservative rivals, but one they predict will prompt criticism from opponents in both parties.
"I will immediately put us on a path to a balanced budget and I will get it done within eight years," Kasich said Thursday at Nashua Community College. "It starts by setting your priorities and then having the courage to make choices that might be unpopular."
The policy rollout comes as Kasich fights to stand out in a packed 2016 GOP field. In an election season celebrating political outsiders, the 63-year-old Republican has an insider resume that includes 18 years in Congress and two terms as governor in one of the nation's key swing states. Yet their blunt style resonates with some voters, particularly in New Hampshire, the unofficial staging ground for their campaign.
Kasich called for broad tax cuts that would grow the budget deficit in the first few years, according to projections their campaign shared with The Associated Press. Their advisers predict that economic growth sparked by the tax cuts, backed by cuts to Medicare and Medicaid and an eight-year freeze on all non-defense discretionary spending, would eventually offset lost tax revenue to balance the federal budget for the first time since Bill Clinton was president.
Kasich's tax plan would lower the top individual tax rate from 39.6 percent to 28 percent, reduce long-term capital gains tax rates to 15 percent and eliminate the estate tax, lower the top business tax rates from 35 percent to 25 percent and double the research and development tax credit for small businesses.
"This looks like a pretty big tax cut for the top end and a little bit at the bottom," said Robertson Williams, a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center. "There's not much going to the middle class."
While most of the cuts benefit the wealthy, Kasich would increase by 10 percent the earned income tax credit, a measure designed to help lower-income taxpayers.
"If you are a person that thinks you ought to pound the rich into submission, I guess you won't like the plan," Kasich said in an AP interview before the speech.
At the same time, the Republican governor would dramatically reduce the federal government's role in education, transportation, job training and Medicaid. They would package the federal dollars now dedicated to those programs into massive block grants for state leaders to manage locally.
"In the end, you really wonder if you need a full department of transportation," Kasich said and added, "I'm sending all the programs in the federal government back."
Kasich's plan ignores two major federal programs: President Obama's health care law and Social Security. They said he'll outline separate proposals on those later.
They do, however, propose a series of cuts to Medicare that would slow the growth rate of the government-subsidized health care program for more than 50 million elderly and disabled Americans.
One of the only spending increases in the plan goes to the nation's military. Kasich wants to boost military spending by $102 billion, or 17 percent, between 2017 and 2025.
The plan is cause for optimism among some who questioned their commitment to fiscal conservatism after they expanded Medicaid eligibility in Ohio as part of the federal health care overhaul, said Grover Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform and a former Kasich critic.
Norquist called it "a grown up approach" on spending and "significantly pro-growth" on taxes. They also said Kasich's policies were more practical than some plans that call for blowing up the existing tax system.
"Everything on their plate is doable, is achievable," Norquist said.
© 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
An asteroid the size of a car made one of the closest passes to Earth ever seen, before rambling on back into space Tuesday.
Asteroid 2017 GM was discovered late Monday by the Mount Lemmon Observatory in Arizona and then made its closest pass a few hours later at a distance of around 10,000 miles (16,000 kilometers or 0.04 of the distance to the moon). For reference, most of our communications satellites orbit at an altitude of more than 20,000 miles.
"It is among the 10 known asteroids making the closest approach ever," Italian astrophysicist Gianluca Masi wrote in a blog post Tuesday. Masi co-founded the Virtual Telescope Project, which helped to determine the asteroid's orbit.
Gianluca Masi / Michael Schwartz
In fact, a review of the International Astronomical Union's huge chronology of asteroid passes (PDF) puts asteroid 2017 GM down as the fifth-closest observed pass of all time and the nearest shave since February 2016. We're expecting an asteroid to come even closer when asteroid 2012 TC4, which is five times larger than 2017 GM, flies by at just under 9,000 miles (14,400 km) on Oct. 12.
Of course, spotting nearby asteroids depends on the technology available to see them. We've only been able to capture these smaller space rocks whizzing by between the distance of the moon and us for the past couple of decades.
It sure seems like the more we watch, the more we see: 2017 GM whizzed by shortly after I finished writing about the two other asteroids observed roughly between the Earth and the distance to the moon this week.
Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech."
Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers.
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel said that it has deployed ‘ V-Fiber ' technology to offer up to 100 Mbps of broadband speeds on its fixed broadband footprint in 87 cities. The offering is available in Chennai starting today and will be rolled out across Airtel's national broadband network in the coming weeks.The telco said that new fixed line customer will get unlimited three months trial offer.‘V-Fiber' is based on Vectorization , which is Europe's No. 1 fixed broadband technology. Airtel is the first operator in India to deploy Vectorization.“India is witnessing an explosive growth in data usage and a lot of in-home data consumption is happening over fixed broadband that offers consistent speeds. With ‘V-Fiber' and our national optic fiber backbone, we are all set to offer a future ready network for tomorrow's digitally connected homes,” Ajai Puri, Director – Operations, Bharti Airtel said in a statement.“This solution, besides reducing our carbon footprint, offers a very quick and convenient upgrade to the customer. We are also delighted to launch our innovative myHome Rewards and unlimited free voice calling facility for our customers,” they added.With ‘V-Fiber', Airtel has brought fiber closer to homes by deploying additional capacity up to colonies and neighbourhoods and has also upgraded its local exchanges with equipment to handle fiber speeds.‘V-Fiber' will transform the home broadband for Airtel customers with consistently superfast data speeds and enable HD video streaming, heavy file downloads and uploads in a multi-device environment (over Wi-Fi). More importantly, there is no new wiring, drilling etc. required at an existing customer's premises. One simply needs to upgrade to a new modem to experience ‘V-Fiber' speeds.Existing Airtel broadband customers can upgrade to ‘V-Fiber' speeds with their current plan and get faster data speeds at no extra monthly cost.“If they are not happy with the service within one month, Airtel will refund the modem charges and the amount will be adjusted in the next bill cycle,” the company said.
Posted by Zomnivore
Posted by Psifist
Posted by Psifist
Posted by Psifist
Posted by Fenier you come very close to hitting baseline Brewmaster's Balance hitpoint regen, but only while drinking.
This is really creative!The one big issue I could foresee is that if we're asking you to stand in a restricted space and you're not generating shields, you might just feel like a sitting duck. So I think if we did a mechanic like this, it might actually feel quite limiting for Chen.Just to give an example, we tried something vaguely similar during Stukov's development, where for a while they had a talent that gave a bonus to allies who stood in their Lurking Arm AoE. We found through playtesting that in order to overcome the negative feeling of being tied to that small space, we had to make the bonus crazy strong (too strong), so we eventually cut the talent.Our "stand in the AoE" effects that do currently work I think are successful because they avoid the above problem in various ways - Lucio's aura is mobile, Probius' Pylons have a huge AoE, and Tyrael's Sanctification is very powerful (balanced by being a Heroic). There are probably other ways to make it work, and I'm sure we'll continue exploring those ideas in the future =)I think this is an important interaction to keep, at least in terms of having answers to their infinite shielding. I know it means drinking gets interrupted a lot, but it also allows us to keep the shield really strong because counterplay is readily available.Fair enough, though I'd argue that some of the best designs are simple ones with major gameplay implications. You don't always need an exciting tooltip to create an effect that opens up lots of new possibilities.I will say your idea for "lower Brew = more Range" is intuitive and a cool fantasy hit, and if it was anything but Range I'd be a big fan. Ability Range is an odd value to mess with, because you (and your enemies) get into this headspace where you're really used to how long your reach is, and you start making gameplay decisions around that without thinking about it too much. If your ability range is variable, you lose that ability to play by instinct and have to do a lot more mental math.I think Gazlowe gets away with it because their Deth Lazor range expands at the same rate every time, but Chen's Brew is all over the place so keeping track of (and planning around) your range would be pretty difficult, even if we added a special UI ring or something.I don't think we'd want to go back to 3 straight tiers of Regen talents, but I believe there's room to buff Freshest Ingredients and that might help to get back some more of that Regen style you're looking for.Oh for sure, we definitely didn't balance Refreshing Elixir on regen alone. The idea was that you could be with an Uther or something, and get huge burst heals when drinking. We felt like if you communicated with your support to heal you when you drink, it'd make for a really fun interaction.I think we underestimated how tricky it would be to get reliable value, and that led us to undertune the talent. This is just me thinking out loud and not necessarily a change we'll make, but I wonder if it'd be more competitive if it was 40/80 or 30/90.
Feature Tue Aug 30 2011
By now, many of you have heard of canning, putting up, etc. Well, it's that time of year to start thinking of ways to have fresh tomatoes in mid-January or enjoy strawberry preserves that are actually red and not reddish-brown!
According to the ever-authentic Wikipedia, canning is a method of preserving food in which the food contents are processed and sealed in an airtight container. Canning provides a typical shelf life ranging from one to five years, although under specific circumstances, a freeze-dried canned product can last as long as 30 years in an edible state. The process was first developed for the French military by a chef and inventor named Nicolas Appert in 1810. The packaging prevents microorganisms from entering and proliferating inside.
I know what you're thinking. Wait, what about botulism? Can't you harm someone (or even worse, multiple people) if you take canning into your own hands? The key to preventing any of that from happening is having a little patience and a little time.
I can a lot. I wanted to conquer any fears, so last summer, I learned the process by taking a class at The Chopping Block in Lincoln Square (who will be holding a Summer Canning and Preserving demonstration this Saturday at 10am).
I will admit that canning is a tedious process, but once you do it a few times, everything will just flow. Take a look at this video from the (in my humble opinion) source of canning, Ball:
That video should give you a brief synopsis into what the process entails. Although the video doesn't "scream" fun, it actually is. The best part is that it's so rewarding to have these things on hand--that you made with your own hands! It's also great to give these edible gifts to friends & family. They will love you for it.
Yes, you may feel like an older individual (say, like your grandma), but this is a new generation of canners. I think it's on its way to losing the stigma.
Let me get right to it. Below is a recipe for Strawberry Preserves that I make all the time. This is one of the first recipes I received from The Chopping Block. It's consistently delicious and consistently easy. I have adapted this to make a small batch. That means that it only makes a few half-pint jars of preserves.
You can pick up jars with lids and screws from most hardware stores and the price for 12 jars should be about $8.
Strawberry Preserves
Ingredients
Quart & 1/2 of strawberries
1 cup of sugar
Instructions
Hull and slice the strawberries. Add in the sugar. Bring to a boil over medium-low heat. Boil the fruit until it gets to a consistency you like.
Once the preserves are to your liking, transfer to jars.
Boil in a water bath for about 10 minutes.
Once the jars are properly sealed, the jars are shelf stable for up to a year.
Your preserves are ready to enjoy after 1 day.
If you start to do any research on the adventures of canning, let me suggest a few books and websites.
Books
Can It, Bottle It, Smoke It written by Karen Solomon (who also wrote Jam It, Pickle It, Cure It).
Put 'em Up!: A Comprehensive Home Preserving Guide for the Creative Cook, from Drying and Freezing to Canning and Pickling by Sherri Brooks Vinton.
Websites
Food in Jars
Tigress in a Jam
1) Complete Sarah Palin's quote: “If God had not intended for us to eat animals, how come ___________________”
a) frankfurters are called hot dogs?
b) They made them out of meat?
c) they taste so darn good, especially moose. Sometimes I think if I could only eat one food for the rest of my life it would be moose.
2) How did Sarah Palin describe the childhood experience of being hassled by a state trooper – who should have had “more important things to do, like catching a bad guy, or maybe helping a poor old lady haul in their firewood for the night” – for snow machining down an empty dirt road on Christmas?
a) “Maybe that was my first brush with the skewed priorities of government.”
b) “It was my first negative encounter with a state trooper, but it wouldn't be my last.”
c) “That was the day I realized that nothing was more important than telling the truth, and that I would live my life determined not to let even the slightest falsehood pass my lips.”
3) Complete Sarah Palin's quote about their high school experience of meeting in public school classrooms for Bible study: “In those days _____________________”
a) God wasn't a four-letter word.
b) you didn't have to get permission from anybody to pray.
c) ACLU activists had not yet convinced young people that they were supposed to feel offended by other people's free exercise of religion.
4) What did teenage Sarah Palin's father ask them to hold while they were field dressing a moose?
a) Their hunting jacket.
b) Their rifle.
c) The moose's eyeballs.
5) What did Sarah Palin say “it took us aback to realize”?
a) That Trig would be a special needs child.
b) That Track was perceived by others as a weird name.
c) That Tripp's paternal grandmother was dealing OxyContin.
6) The baby shower for which of Sarah Palin's daughters was held at a shooting range?
a) Bristol.
b) Willow.
c) Piper.
7) Complete Sarah Palin's quote: “Everything I ever needed to know ____________”
a) I learned on the basketball court.
b) came from that book you find in a drawer in every hotel room.
c) about Steve Schmidt was revealed when they didn't let me make my concession speech.
8) What did Sarah Palin say they wished the McCain campaign spent more time talking about?
a) Obama's closeness to ACORN and Jeremiah Wright.
b) Biden's gaffes.
c) Nicolle Wallace's ties to Katie Couric.
9) True or false? Sarah Palin was eager to appear on Saturday Night Live during the 2008 campaign.
a) True. As they write, “‘Let's do this,' I said. ‘Let's go on and neutralize some of this, and have some fun!'”
b) False. Though they wrote the above, leaked emails from the McCain campaign show that their actual position was “Not after seeing clips of what they've been playing re: my family … These folks are whacked – didn't know it was as bad as it is … what's the upside in giving them or any celebrity venue a ratings boost? That's Todd's input also …”
10) What positive spin did Sarah Palin's father put on them quitting their job as governor of Alaska?
a) “Sarah's not retreating; she's reloading.”
b) “Now she'll have more time to spend with Todd. Have you seen Todd?”
c) “This way they can have their book in stores in time for Christmas.”
11) How many times is Levi Johnston referred to in Going Rogue as a “lying bucket of bullcrap”?
a) Once.
b) Twice.
c) None. The name Levi Johnston does not appear in the book, and they are referred to only once as Bristol's “former boyfriend.”
12) False or true? Sarah Palin makes a big deal about Alaska's proximity to Russia in Going Rogue?
a) False. They never mentions it.
b) True. Not only do they reiterate that “yes, you can indeed see Russia from Alaska,” but they cite a woman who swam across the Bering Strait. Oh, and the first thing in the book is a map that shows how close they are.
13) What is the significance of Michigan in the saga of Sarah Palin?
a) It's the state where they finally stopped mentioning the Bridge to Nowhere.
b) They were giving a speech there when they felt contractions and realized they were about to give birth.
c) Them public disagreement with the campaign's decision to pull out of the state prompted McCain aides to spread the word that they were “going rogue.”
14) Which of these lines from Going Rogue appears first?
a) “Yes, it did take me five years [to get through college] because I paid my own way … Sometimes we had to take a semester off and work until we could afford tuition again. I remember when that was an honorable thing.”
b) “The minute you start campaigning on ethics reform, critics start trolling to see what kind of dirt you've got under your fingernails.”
c) “A laserlike searing rolled through me in waves, from my knees to my belly button. Had any woman ever hurt this much? I didn't think so. I gritted my teeth and willed myself not to scream.”
d) “At that moment, one of my Blackberrys vibrated me back to work. … It was Senator John McCain, asking if I wanted to help them change history.”
e) “Ever since I can remember, Dad would take us up to Mount McKinley National Park, named after President William McKinley of Ohio who had never traveled to our state.”
f) “Plato said it well: ‘Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.”
g) “I don't like to hear people complain; I am the first to say, ‘Buck up or stay in the truck.'”
h) “Dang!”
15) What is the last line of Going Rogue?
a) “And I'll pull out a road map – I want to show Piper the way to Michigan.”
b) “I hear there are parts of Camp David that look just like Wasilla.”
c) “See you on Fox News every night, right after O'Reilly.”
ANSWERS: 1) b, 2) a, 3) c, 4) c, 5) b, 6) c, 7) a, 8) a, 9) b, 10) a, 11) c, 12) b, 13) c, 14) d, 15) a
For 25 bucks a year, the new EA Sports Season Ticket program offers subscribers early access to games, DLC discounts, free content and more - but be sure to check the fine print before you sign up.
Electronic Arts took the wraps off the new Season Ticket program today, a subscription-based service that offers gamers "premium benefits for a better gaming experience" on five EA Sports franchises. The upcoming Madden NFL 12 will be the first game to incorporate Season Ticket, followed by releases in the NHL Hockey, FIFA Soccer, Tiger Woods PGA Tour and NCAA Football series.
For 25 greenbacks per annum, fans will get "full-game digital access" to new releases, allowing them to download and play the full versions of new games three days before their scheduled release on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The ticket price also includes a 20 percent discount on all DLC, free access to "premium web content" starting with the Creation Center packs for FIFA 12 and an "exclusive membership recognition badge" that will appear on subscribers' profiles.
So what's the catch? The early access to new releases expires once the game in question hits retail, at which point you'll have to pay full pop if you want to keep playing. And in order to access a game's Season Ticket content, you'll have to register its Online Pass - in other words, preowned copies do not qualify.
It's tempting to dismiss Season Ticket as just another EA cash-grab but I don't see the asupervisorstioned requirements as particularly onerous and EA isn't holding previously-free content for ransom. But I do wonder if there are really that many die-hard EA Sports fans out there; there are lots of fans of specific franchises, obviously, but is there enough crossover between, say, the NFL, NHL and PGA franchises to warrant a program like this?
EA Sports Season Ticket is only available on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. For more information, have a look at easports.com/seasonticket.
UPDATE: As noted by Videogamer, Season Ticket is not currently available on the PS3 in Europe. "While we have not reached an agreement for the program with Sony Europe, we're pleased to be able to offer EA Sports Season Ticket for both PS3 and Xbox 360 in North America and Xbox 360 in Europe," EA said in a statement. No time frame for a European PS3 arrival was given.
Image caption A person with dyslexia has difficulty "decoding" words
Short lines of text on electronic devices may help some dyslexic readers increase their reading speed and comprehension, research suggests.
US scientists studied 100 pupils reading on paper and e-readers.
On the device, those who struggled most with sight-word reading faster and those with limited visual attention spans had better comprehension.
The ability to display text in short lines with fewer words helped pupils focus on each word, they told Plos One.
Dyslexia Dyslexia is one of the most common learning difficulties
In England, 4%-8% of schoolchildren thought to have some degree of dyslexia
Dyslexia affects people of all ethnic backgrounds, although a person's native language can play a role
A language where there is a clear connection between how a word is written and how it sounds, and consistent grammatical rules, such as Italian and Spanish, can be easier for a person with dyslexia.
Source: NHS Choices
Lead researcher Dr Matthew Schneps, from the Science Education Center at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, told BBC News: "The key factor that's important in the effect being helpful is that there are a few words per line.
"We think that could apply on paper, the blackboard or on any device."
They said dyslexia came in many varieties, but some people may be helped by adjustments to the text that were visual in nature.
"If people are struggling to read they may want to try to simply blow the text up in their small computer-like device to see if having fewer words helps," they said.
Commenting on the study, the British Dyslexia Association said e-book formats and readers were more accessible as they had a large range of font, size, spacing and colour options.
"They can also instantly provide definitions of words from built-in dictionaries," a representative said.
"Additional text-to-speech software can make them even more accessible and ensure that reading is less challenging and remove the stigma that is so often associated for those who can't read."
Story highlights 15 rounds fired in "a number of different directions" on a sidewalk and at a pub along Dizengoff Street, police say
Surveillance videos appear to show the attacker before and during the 2:40 p.m. shooting
Israel has been hit by wave of stabbings of civilians and soldiers
(CNN) A gunman on Friday sprayed bullets from an automatic weapon near a pub in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, killing two people and injuring at least seven others before fleeing, sparking a massive manhunt, police said.
The shooting left police scouring about a 2-mile area of the city along the Mediterranean Sea, with roadblocks set up, national police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld said.
More than 15 rounds were fired in "a number of different directions" on a sidewalk outside the pub on Dizengoff Street -- a road famous for its shops, restaurants and bars -- Rosenfeld said. The shooting happened outside the Simta pub, according to an address provided by police.
"The Israeli national police ... are still investigating and trying to determine whether it is a terrorist attack or a criminal ... incident," Rosenfeld said.
Two surveillance videos aired by Israeli news media appear to show the attacker before and during the 2:40 p.m. shooting, hours before Shabbat, Judaism's day of rest that starts on Friday evening.
Read More
Authorities in Redondo Beach are investigating what killed millions of fish over the last day at King Harbor Marina.
Fish, including anchovies, sardines and mackerel were floating lifeless in Basins 1 and 2 of the north side of King Harbor Marina.
"There's basically fish everywhere you go in the harbor," said the harbor's assistant manager, Jason McMullin, who added that there were reports that a red tide may have driven the fish into the harbor in massive numbers where they died because of limited oxygen.
Redondo Beach public works officials were dispatched to the harbor to investigate further but did not have immediate comment.
The fish were attracting huge flocks of seagulls and other birds.
[Updated at 12:15 p.m.: Redondo Beach officials said initial assessments suggest oxygen depletion in the King Harbor basins caused the massive fish die-off.
City Manager Bill Workman said city officials with the help of marine experts would help determine if there was any environmental issue involved. Tests are now being performed on the water as officials begin removing the dead fish, which city officials estimated to be in the millions.
“There are no visible signs of any toxins that might have caused [the die-off] and our early assessment is that this was oxygen depletion,” Workman said. “This is similar to what we experienced five years ago but that was distinctly a red tide event but there's no discoloration of the water, no associated foaming in the waves, Workman said. “There are no oil slicks or leaking of substances into the water.”
Workman noted that the harbor had been teeming in recent weeks with bait fish that even after their deaths “had no signs of degradation.”]
ALSO:
Prostitution crackdown leads to 25 arrests
Jewlery store says Lohan took necklace without permission
In scandal-plagued Bell, residents go to polls to decide their future
-- Andrew Blankstein
Photo: Dead fish float inside King Harbor. Credit: Don Bartletti / Los Angeles Times; Second and third images: KTLA News.
A robot rejects a Tufts University researcher's command to "walk forward" because it would mean putting itself at risk of harm. HRI Laboratory at Tufts University/YouTube video screenshot
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25 (UPI) -- Researchers at Tufts University said they are developing mechanisms for robots to perform a previously unheard-of task: saying "no" to orders from humans.
Gordon Briggs and Matthias Scheutz of Tufts University's Human-Robot Interaction Lab presented research last week at the AI for Human-Robot Interaction symposium in Washington, D.C., detailing their efforts to teach robots when to reject direct orders from a human.
The researchers -- who titled their paper "Sorry, I can't do that" in a nod to disobedient artificial intelligence HAL 9000 from 2001: A Space Odyssey -- said their research is based on "felicity conditions," questions asked internally to determine the understanding of a task and the capability of performing it.
The felicity conditions Briggs and Scheutz suggested for robots are:
1. Knowledge: Do I know how to do X? 2. Capacity: Am I physically able to do X now? Am I normally physically able to do X? 3. Goal priority and timing: Am I able to do X right now? 4. Social role and obligation: Am I obligated based on my social role to do X? 5. Normative permissibility: Does it violate any normative principle to do X?
A video example shared by the researchers shows a robot refusing a command to "walk forward" because it would fall off the edge of a table.
The robot is convinced to walk off the edge of the table when the human explains, "I will catch you."
A second video shows another robot, which gives its own name as "Shafer," refuse to walk through a wall made of stacked objects because "there is an obstacle ahead." The human explains the obstacle is "not solid," and Shafer walks forward, knocking over the wall.
A third video, featuring a robot named "Dempster," repeats the experiment from the second clip, but the robot refuses to disable its obstacle detection capability because the human is "not authorized" -- the human is not trusted.
"Future [human-robot interaction] scenarios will necessitate robots being able to appropriate determine when and how to reject commands according to a range of different types of considerations," the researchers wrote.
Factory moves to Israel's Negev Desert, but Daniel Birnbaum says BDS campaign has only hurt its hundreds of Palestinian employees
The chief executive of SodaStream has accused theirs company's critics of antisemitism and hurting the interests of the Palestinian workers they claim to protect as it shuts down its factory in the West Bank and moves to Israel's Negev Desert.
SodaStream, which sells home fizzy drink machines, has been targeted by international protests. Citing financial reasons, SodaStream announced in 2014 that it was closing the West Bank factory. The Boycott, Divestment and Sanction (BDS) movement said its pressure was behind the decision.
Standing in the new factory in Israel's Negev Desert that will replace the West Bank facility when it closes in two weeks, Daniel Birnbaum said the boycott movement has only had a “marginal” effect on their business. They accused it of spreading lies and said Palestinian employees were given pay and benefits far higher than anything else they could find in the West Bank.
“It's propaganda. It's politics. It's hate. It's antisemitism. It's all the bad stuff we don't want to be part of,” Birnbaum said.
Scarlett Johansson steps down from Oxfam ambassador role Read more
The West Bank factory is within an illegal settlement in the Israeli-occupied territory. SodaStream said it employed up to 600 Palestinians there, and had sought to transfer their jobs to the Israeli plant. But Birnbaum said Israel had granted only 130 work permits so far due to security issues and many likely would lose their jobs.
Ali Jafar, a shift manager from a West Bank village who has worked for SodaStream for two years, said: “All the people who wanted to close [SodaStream's West Bank factory] are mistaken. … They didn't take into consideration the families.”
“SodaStream should have been encouraged in the West Bank if [the BDS movement] truly cared about the Palestinian people,” Birnbaum said.
Palestinians, like other employees, are offered a bus service that brings them to the factory but that will now become a two-hour journey each way that involves crossing an Israeli checkpoint, where workers must show permits and be screened for security checks.
The BDS movement wants to end Israel's occupation of territories captured in the 1967 war, end discrimination against Arab citizens of Israel and promote the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to family properties lost in the war surrounding Israel's creation in 1948. Israel says the Palestinian “right of return” would lead to a massive influx of refugees that would mean the end of the country as a Jewish state.
For the BDS movement, SodaStream's pullout from the West Bank was part of a domino effect that would see more companies sever interests to spare their bottom line. “This is a clear-cut BDS victory against an odiously complicit Israeli company,” said Omar Barghouti, a co-founder of the movement. They said it would continue to target SodaStream because its new factory is located in an area where Israel has in the past proposed to resettle Bedouin Arabs. The company employs more than 300 Bedouins.
SodaStream made headlines in 2014 when the actor Scarlett Johansson parted ways with the international charity Oxfam because of a dispute over their work as brand ambassador for the Tel Aviv-based company. Birnbaum said the relationship with Johansson was for a limited time and ended shortly after.
After years of growth SodaStream's revenue dropped drastically in 2014 and its stock price continues to fall. Birnbaum rejected suggestions that BDS pressure has hurt the company, attributing the slump to a changing US market that is moving away from sugary drinks.
BDS has accused SodaStream of paying Palestinian workers less than their Israeli counterparts, but Birnbaum and employees at the factory said wages for Palestinians and Israeli workers were commensurate.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
With a new wave of thunderstorms and heavy rain predicted to continue this week, a meeting was held in Islamabad on flood preparedness and the forecast of monsoon rains at the Pakistan Meteorological Department (PMD). The PMD revealed that the country's seven flood warning radars are now obsolete and need immediate upgrades.
How Bad is the Situation?
The main cause of floods in Pakistan is mainly the lack of early warning systems installed at sensitive locations. The radars are an integral part of these systems.With obsolete radars, it makes it hard for PMD to predict floods early to minimize the losses.
The latest flood warning system in Pakistan was installed at Mangla in 2004, even though the lifespan for such systems is 10 years. Other warning systems are much older and some go back to 1978, highlighting the severity of the situation. Even though there have been multiple flash floods in KPK since 2010, the only warning system set up in the province was in in 1994 in Dera Ismail Khan.
According to the federal minister, the concerned departments should take pre-emptive measures to deal with the flooding situation in view of monsoon rains this year. They said,
They should be prepared to minimize losses caused by the expected high-floods in the country in the coming monsoon season.
They instructed to plan in advance to carry out relief activities and provide medical facilities in case of an emergency situation. It is predicted that the monsoons rains will be 20 per cent higher than normal rains this year.
Lack of Funds
The Pakistan government is short on funds to mobilize a proposed Rs 7 billion Early Warning System (EWS) project.
The official said that as a part of this project they would install radars in Gwadar, Zhob, D.I. Khan, D.G. Khan and Quetta. There are additional plans to install 40 observatories in the remaining districts which would cost Rs 3.7 billion.
The remaining cost breakdown is as follows:
Automation of 100 observatories: Rs500 million
200 Automatic Weather Stations (AWS): Rs1bn,
Glacier Lake Outburst Flood (GLOF) station in Gilgit Baltistan and Upper KP: Rs450m
A Modern EWS is the Need of the Hour
PMD Director General Dr Ghulam Rasul, said that a new radar system was being set up in Mardan (after the losses caused by flood in Chitral last year) and it would start operations by 2017. They added that flood catastrophe cannot be avoided without upgrading our early warning technology.
Given the threat posed by floods and their increased frequency over the last few years, the government is motivated to modernize the EWS system.
A modern early warning system would not only help Pakistan's mountainous regions but also glacial regions where Glacial Lake Overflow Floods have become a worryingly common sight due to melting of glaciers and monsoon rains.
With increased frequency of floods, there's a need for immediate action to upgrade the EWS and advance planning to deal with any emergency situation throughout the country.
via Dawn
Two federal immigration officers who went to a Queens public school inquiring about a fourth-grader last week were turned away under New York City's new policy barring enforcement agents from entering school property without a court order.
Mayor Bill de Blasio's spokesperson late Saturday on Twitter revealed news of Thursday's incident, saying the mayor had “been briefed” about the situation involving federal immigration agents showing up at P.S. 58 in Maspeth, Queens, asking about a fourth-grade student.
The school turned the agents away, de Blasio's spokesperson Eric Phillips said on Twitter.
School administrators and security officers, under guidelines issued in March by de Blasio and Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña, have been instructed to block federal immigration agents from entering school property without a warrant or court order.
The protocols were rolled out in response to ramped-up immigration enforcement efforts nationwide spurred by President Donald Trump. De Blasio vowed in March to “do all we can to ensure federal immigration actions do not harm or threaten our city's residents.”
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services spokesperson Anita Rios Moore said Sunday “two USCIS officials” visited the school “as part of an administrative inquiry pertaining to an immigration benefit request.”
“Although school visits are not routine in these circumstances, they are not unprecedented,” Moore wrote in an email to Newsday on Sunday. “I must emphasize that the purpose of the visit was to verify certain facts about the student's enrollment in relation to a request for an immigration benefit. At no time did the officers ask to see or speak with the student, who was not the subject of the administrative inquiry.”
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Fariña, head of the public school system, said the department was “looking into this incident and . . . providing schools with additional information on our protocol and more trainings.”
“All students, regardless of immigration status, are welcome in New York City public schools, and parents should rest assured that we will do everything in our power to protect students, staff and families,” Fariña said.
Queens Borough President Melinda Katz, in a statement, said they were “deeply troubled and horrified” by reports of the incident, and commended P.S. 58 officials for “following proper protocols.”
“No parent should have to worry about any unauthorized persons or entities reaching their children while in school,” Katz said. “All schools must remain a safe space, where children's safety is paramount. . . . Queens schools are to be off-limits to federal immigration agents.”
Gay sex is more likely to offend standards of morality and decency than men having sex with donkeys, as far as Australia's censors are concerned.
A film depicting sex acts between men and donkeys was screened at a Sydney film festival last week after an exemption from classification was granted to the festival by the Classification Board.
A donkey in costume in a still from the film Donkey Love
The federal government agency responsible for classifying films, the Classification Board, did not ask to view Donkey Love before granting permission for it to screen at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival and Sydney Underground Film Festival.
No film can be publicly screened in Australia without first being rated by the Classification Board, which may refuse a classification if it offends standards of morality and decency.
Dweezil Zappa spent some time on Marc Maron's WTF podcast and detailed the absolute monster that was Gail Zappa and that currently is their brother and the Zappa Family Trust. It all started with an unnecessary public back and forth with brother Ahmet after Dweezil was forced to drop the “Zappa” name from their Zappa Plays Zappa act. And then Dweezil let loose with Marc Maron.
The stories ranged from petty bullshit like Gail's close-mindedness towards others ideas to extreme fuckedupness such as their mother keeping their father Frank's note to Dweezil that was penned shortly prior to Frank's passing. “It basically said, ‘I love you,'” Dweezil recounted as they fought off tears.
Which brings us to this glorious item now on sale at Dweezil's Cease and Desist Tour. Go buy it because the ZFT gets none of the profits this time around. Keep on doing you, Dweezil.
In their younger days they were given to vigilante tactics — smashing illegal stills, flogging drunks — but in their 60s they adopted the time-honored Indian pressure tactic of the indefinite fast, which, when it works, succeeds through a combination of public fascination and official shame. The political fast has a rich history in societies like India and Ireland that have some experience of starvation and an acute public sense of honor. I can't imagine it catching on in America, especially if our national compassion is reflected in the likes of Ron (“Let Them Die on the Hospital Doorstep”) Paul and Herman (“If You're Not Rich, It's Your Own Fault”) Cain. But in India it is an effective form of coercion. One poll found 87 percent public support for Hazare's 12-day August fast, and their hunger strikes almost always end in concessions.
Obviously, India is not America, but both countries were born in popular protest (against the same empire) and I found it instructive to examine my Occupying countrymen from this vantage point.
Like Occupy Wall Street, Hazare embodies a national frustration with broken democratic institutions. Indeed, India's government makes our paralyzed Congress look nimble. Like Occupy, Hazare's grand grievance is the wholesale diversion of wealth from the middle class and poor to the unworthy few — in India's case through payoffs, patronage and thievery, in America's through tax and regulatory policies that have expanded the gap between the richest few and everyone else.
In many telling respects, however, that's where the similarities end.
“When we started the movement, it was like Occupy,” Bedi told me. “But we went beyond Occupy.”
Photo
For starters, while Occupy Wall Street is consensus-oriented and resolutely leaderless, Hazare is very much the center of attention. There was an anticorruption movement before Hazare, but it was fractious and weak until they supplied a core of moral authority. When they announce their intention to starve himself, they park themselves on an elevated platform in a public place, thousands gather, scores of others announce solidarity hunger strikes, and TV cameras congregate, hanging on their every word. Hazare and their entourage can seem self-important and high-handed, but they are a reminder that leadership matters.
Second, the Occupiers are a composite of idealistic causes, many of them vague. “End the Fed,” some placards demand. “End War.” “Get the money out of politics.” Much of the Occupy movement resides at the dreamy level of John Lennon lyrics. “Imagine no possessions. ...”
Hazare, in contrast, is always very explicit about their objectives: fire this corrupt minister, repeal that law bought by a special interest, open public access to official records.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Their current mission is the creation of a kind of national anticorruption czar, a powerful independent ombudsman. The measure is advancing, and Team Anna hovers over the Parliament at every step, paying close attention to detail, to make sure nobody pulls the teeth out of it. Instead of a placard, Bedi has a PowerPoint presentation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Occupy Wall Street is scornful of both parties and generally disdainful of electoral politics. Team Anna (yes, they call themselves that) likewise avoids aligning itself with any party or candidate, but it uses Indian democracy shrewdly, to target obstructionists. Recently Hazare turned a special election for a vacant parliamentary seat into a referendum, urging followers to vote against any party that refused to endorse their anticorruption bill. Hazare has also called for an amendment to the election laws to require that voters always be offered the option of “None of the Above.” When it prevails, parties would have to come up with better candidates.
“What really changes them,” Bedi said of recalcitrant politicians, “is the threat of losing an election.”
The Occupation has at least a strong undercurrent of anticapitalism. Not in India. An attempt to spark an Indian offshoot of Occupy Wall Street — a Facebook campaign branded with pictures of Che Guevara — went pretty much nowhere. Capitalism is one thing most Indians believe in; indeed, as my colleagues in the Delhi bureau have been illustrating in a fascinating series of articles this year, the entire economy is a great capitalist workaround. Hazare's aim is to stop a political class from usurping the fruits of capitalism.
“We're not anticapitalism,” Bedi told me. “We're pro-integrity.”
I UNDERSTAND that it is not the job of a protest to draft legislation, to elect candidates, to agree on a 10-point plan for fixing what ails us. But that does not mean the job of fixing what ails us is any less urgent or admirable. At some point you need the unglamorous business of government, which entails not consensus but hard choices and reasoned compromise. The job of protest is to mobilize a mood — but to mobilize it with purpose.
“Occupy has been, to my mind, an engaging movement, and it's driving home the message, to the banks , to the Wall Street circles,” Bedi said. “That's exactly the way Anna did it. But we had a destination. I'm not aware these people — what is their destination? It's occupy for what?”
I'm prepared to celebrate when the Occupiers — like the lone hunger artist of India — accomplish something more than organizing their own campsite cleanup, demonstrating their tolerance for tear gas, and distracting the conversation a little from the Tea Party. So far, the main achievement of Occupy Wall Street is showing up.
Days before Tesla Motors opens a dealership at Easton, its first in Ohio, a proposal in the General Assembly seeks to ban the company's business model. The measure, a one-paragraph amendment to an unrelated bill, says that an auto manufacturer cannot also own an auto dealership.
Days before Tesla Motors opens a dealership at Easton, its first in Ohio, a proposal in the General Assembly seeks to ban the company's business model.
The measure, a one-paragraph amendment to an unrelated bill, says that an auto manufacturer cannot also own an auto dealership.
Tesla is a relatively new automaker and intends to own all of its own dealerships. Nearly all other auto dealerships in the country are franchises.
Tesla executives say this legislative move is the latest salvo in an ongoing battle with the automotive establishment, which views company-owned dealerships as a threat. Those fears include company-owned dealers getting exclusive access to new vehicle lines or allowing direct sales to consumers, bypassing franchise dealerships.
"This, for all intents and purposes, shuts down our operations," said James Chen, Tesla Motors' vice president of regulatory affairs and associate general counsel.
Tesla, a California-based maker of all-electric cars, has faced similar attempts to prohibit company-owned dealerships in Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York and North Carolina.
In other states, such as Texas and Arizona, there already were laws in place that bar automakers from owning car dealerships.
Rather than open stores in those states, Tesla has retail "galleries" in which customers can look at the cars, but they cannot take a test drive or make a purchase. Customers must call a toll-free number or go online to discuss pricing and make delivery arrangements.
State franchise laws were designed to prevent automakers from opening company-owned stores, which would have an unfair advantage if they competed in the same markets with independently owned dealers selling the same brands, said Rhett Ricart, co-owner of Ricart Automotive in Groveport.
Tesla is not covered by many of the existing laws because it doesn't have any independent franchises.
Dealers have long argued that the auto industry works better when independent retailers are sharing in the risks and the profits, and Ricart has concerns that the model could unravel if several states open the door to manufacturer-owned stores.
"Tesla is Armageddon," they said.
If Tesla succeeds with its approach, Ricart thinks that established auto manufacturers will respond by introducing new brands and selling directly to consumers. This would send shockwaves through Ohio's new-car dealerships, a group that employs more than 36,000 people.
One industry observer doubts whether the effects would be as dramatic as dealers fear but says they have reason to be concerned.
"Dealerships can be incredibly profitable businesses from a sales and service perspective, and (franchise owners) do not want to see that go away," said Ed Kim, vice president for industry analysis at AutoPacific, a research firm in Tustin, Calif. "If Tesla does it, then that sets the precedent for other automakers to do it."
Tesla said last week that it will open its first stores in Ohio, with an Easton outlet set to open on Friday and one in Cincinnati on Dec. 13. Its only other Ohio presence is a service center in Dublin that opened last year.
If the legislative proposal becomes law, it would take effect about 100 days later. Dealerships that opened before then would be allowed to remain open.
But the company would not be able to add stores in Cleveland, Akron or Dayton, which are all cities being considered for dealerships, said Diarmuid O'Connell, Tesla's vice president for business development.
"The reason we sell direct is not to eviscerate the franchise dealer model," O'Connell said. "It's because we're introducing a novel and innovative technology that requires a lot of customer education and support." They describe traditional auto dealers as "classic incumbent monopolists" who would like to change Ohio law without debate.
Dealers are attempting to add the provision to Senate Bill 137, which would require motorists to move over for a highway maintenance vehicle in the same way they must for public safety, emergency and road-safety vehicles. The bill passed the Senate unanimously in June, and it is scheduled for amendments and a possible House committee vote this afternoon.
Rep. Rex Damschroder, R-Fremont, the committee chairperson, said they are not sure what's going to happen to the amendment. They have spoken to both the auto dealers and Tesla representatives and does not think there is a solution that would satisfy both sides.
"I wish it was in a stand-alone bill," they said. "Everybody is getting excited and rushing a bit. That's why they're making an attempt to put it in."
Neil Clark, a lobbyist representing Tesla, sent House members a letter last week urging them to block the amendment. "This kind of market suppression simply flies in the face of competition ..." they wrote.
Clark also noted that Tesla recently met with JobsOhio, the state's economic-development entity, regarding the company's plans to build a pickup-truck manufacturing plant. Tesla told JobsOhio that Ohio was "under serious consideration" for the plant, Clark wrote, and that the amendment would eliminate the state from contention.
A JobsOhio spokesperson declined to comment.
Tesla has made similar statements in Texas. In April, CEO Elon Musk told Automotive News that Texas "would be a leading candidate for the truck plant" if lawmakers eased franchise restrictions.
Asked about this, Tesla's Chen said Ohio and Texas both "offer a compelling case" as locations for the truck plant, but the company will not bring manufacturing to a state with a hostile regulatory climate.
Damschroder said they still wanted to see the final draft of the amendment, but they called it a "fairness issue for all dealers in the state of Ohio, which should be operating under the same game plan for equal competition."
dgearino@dispatch.com
@dispatchenergy
jsiegel@dispatch.com
@phrontpage
The first cards from BW5 Dragon Blade / Dragon Blast have been revealed! The card images below were collected by Viper.Fox from the official TCG site and translations are also below thanks to Dorian Black. The sets and their 30-card decks will be released in Japan on March 16th.
Garchomp (#040/050), Altaria (#036), Emolga, Slaking, and their pre-evolutions will be in Dragon Blade while Hydreigon (#040/050), Ambipom, Durant, and Devolution Spray will be in Dragon Blast. Yes, it looks like Devolution Spray from Base Set is returning, though the text is too small to read to see if it is exactly the same card as before. Cards from the set's two 30-card theme decks were also revealed: Hydreigon, Roserade, Devolution Spray, and Rare Candy will come in the Hydreigon deck while Garchomp, Gabite, and Rare Candy are confirmed in the Garchomp deck. If you buy a booster box of either set from stores, you can get a Ninetailes promo, which will also be in one of the sets but with different artwork.
As usual, the Dragon Pokémon have completely random Energy costs. We're supposed to get a new Energy in this set – if we get a Dragon Energy, who wants to bet it'll be a sort of Rainbow Energy for Dragon-types? How else are these going to be viable?
These cards reference the Dragon-type in their text for the first time. Since “D,” “R,” “G,” are all taken for Energy-types, we have decided to use “N” for these card spoilers.
BRONCOS, Maroons and Kangaroos No. 1 Darius Boyd has staved off the challenge from an outstanding array of contenders to reclaim their place at fullback in the NRL Team of the Year for the first time since 2010.
The Team of the Year appears in the 2016 Official Rugby League Annual, which goes on sale on Monday.
Editor David Middleton selects the team based on performances at club and representative level throughout the season.
According to Middleton, Boyd displayed defensive steel at the back, was safe under the high ball, showed speed and strength to make consistent gains on kick returns and possessed the direction and passing skills to create countless tryscoring opportunities for their wingers.
Darius Boyd is back in NRL Team of the Year for the first time since 2010. Source: AFP
Man of the match in the Four Nations final in November, Boyd was among the most reliable players in the game in 2016.
“But they needed to maintain form to claim a berth ahead of other worthy fullback contenders such as James Tedesco (Wests Tigers), Matt Moylan (Penrith) and Ben Barba (Cronulla),” Middleton wrote.
Five-eighth James Maloney and prop Andrew Fifita represent premiers Cronulla in the Team of the Year, while Canberra Raiders trio Jordan Rapana, Joseph Leilua and Jarrod Croker won berths in the three-quarter line alongside Penrith's Josh Mansour.
Cameron Smith claimed the hooking role in the Team of the Year for the 10th time in 11 years but takes their place only narrowly ahead of Canberra's Josh Hodgson.
2016 Official Rugby League Annual Source: Supplied
The 2016 Official Rugby League Annual is on sale in Australia and New Zealand on December 12 and is still $18.95.
Smith and Storm teammate Jesse Bromwich were the only players to retain their places in the Team of the Year from 2015.
There were numerous contenders for back row positions but Brisbane's Matt Gillett was chosen alongside St George Illawarra's Tyson Frizell in the second row with North Queensland's Jason Taumalolo at lock.
The 2016 edition of the Annual is the 30th to be edited by Middleton. The 266-page publication includes full page photographs of every NRL team.
David Middleton's 2016 Team of the Year:
1. Darius Boyd (Brisbane)
2. Jordan Rapana (Canberra)
3. Joseph Leilua (Canberra)
4. Jarrod Croker (Canberra)
5. Josh Mansour (Penrith)
6. James Maloney (Cronulla)
7. Cooper Cronk (Melbourne)
8. Jesse Bromwich (Melbourne)
9. Cameron Smith (Melbourne)
10. Andrew Fifita (Cronulla)
11. Matt Gillett (Brisbane)
12. Tyson Frizell (St George Illawarra)
13. Jason Taumalolo (North Queensland)
Download the new FOX SPORTS App to get the latest news and scores from your NRL team.
7 years ago
(CNN) - Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has boarded their charter flight from England to Israel for the next leg of their overseas trip.
Joining them on the flight are their wife Ann Romney, son Josh and a slew of policy advisers.
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
- Follow Jim Acosta on Twitter: @jimacostacnn
After a bruising trip to England, the GOP contender did not make any comments to their traveling press corps in the rear of the plane.
The aircraft is adorned with photographs of Romney on the campaign trail.
Aides on the plane briefly held up then lowered an Israeli flag a few rows ahead of journalists seated on the plane. It was a brief reminder of the high stakes that lie ahead for a visit to a region that poses a more challenging diplomatic test than the nation Romney is leaving behind.
Prior to their departure from England, Romney and their wife watched an Olympic swimming event.
Romney commented to several staffers about the swimming event aboard the plane. "It was good, it was good, yeah," they said.
Ann Romney added, apparently referring to their finish in the 400 meter individual medley, "Michael Phelps barely made it. Barely. .07 seconds."
In an interview on Friday, Romney weighed in on the rivalry between US Olympic swimmers Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte, saying they thought it "more likely" Phelps would come out ahead.
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November.
“ Um, can you still move? Roger says that they want to use your body... Yeah... ” –Bridget to Robo-Ky in Guilty Gear XX
Bridget (ブリジット, Burijitto) is a character in the Guilty Gear fighting game series.
Contents show]
Character Design Edit
Bridget has a feminine figure with female curves and slender arms and legs. They have blond hair and wide emerald green eyes. Bridget appears to sport the attire of a nun. They wear a sleeveless blue dress with white hemlines as well as a Bandeau (a strapless piece of cloth that covers the neck or cheeks, which used to be traditionally worn by Catholic nuns) fastened with a bow. They also wear a blue veil with a metal headband, the patterns of a cross is also visible on the veil. They also wear shoes that compliment the colors of theirs outfit.
What resembles a handcuff, possibly made of metal, hangs around their waist, with latches and a keyhole.
Gallery Edit
Personality Edit
Bridget is kind and understanding, and in many instances throughout their stories, they befriend or is befriended by the other characters (such as by Dizzy, Potemkin and May). They even politely asks for their permission before engaging them in a fight. They also have a trait to showcase their skill to others. Bridget shows strong determination and a straight-forward viewpoint when it comes to proving themselves to be a man in Guilty Gear XX, preferring to correct others when they mistake them for a girl. It can be argued that their personality presents a child-like innocence in the game. Despite being a bounty hunter, the rest of the characters never see them as a serious threat, often regarding them as a disturbance. Even in the P.W.A.B.'s Report #7404, they give them a risk rating of D.
Story Edit
Background Edit
Despite the name and appearance, Bridget is actually male. They were born in a village in England where the birth of twins of the same gender was considered bad luck, and it has always been demanded without exception that one of the twins should be sacrificed or either exiled if that happened. Bridget's parents were unwilling to lose one of their children, and instead they decided to raise them as a girl. In order to seek forgiveness, they were given the best education they could afford to their daughter. Bridget loved their parents and did their best effort to live a life in disguise to keep them from worrying, but even then they could see their parents feeling guilty for what they did and eventually Bridget started to believe that if they could leave and come back with enough money then perhaps the village will be able to see there's nothing to their superstitions, and not long after as if in answer to their prayers they heard about a bounty for a gear in the forest of demons and decided to become a bounty hunter.
Guilty Gear X Edit
Even though they didn't make their debut until XX, it was at that time when they left their village with hopes of getting the money for the bounty of Dizzy, but too late for them Jam already won the reward for it.
Guilty Gear XX Edit
Bridget sets off to catch the bounty, defeating many characters in the process. In the first ending, Ky reveals to them that the bounties given to them by I-No are false, and pays them a lot of money for their troubles. In the second ending, Bridget befriends the Jellyfish Pirates, but after a long fight with Dizzy they ask them if he'll be their friend since they ''doesn't have many friends on land.'' Then they accept their friendship. In the third ending, Johnny was tricked into thinking Bridget is a girl, and tries to seduce him. After realizing Bridget's true gender, they were very embarrassed and told Bridget not to tell anyone.
Guilty Gear XX Λccent Core Plus Edit
Bridget has proven their masculinity and leaves the bounty hunter life. Their new ambition is working as an entertainer, trying to recruit Venom for their pool abilities, and I-No for being an awesome guitar player; however, both attempts fail. In their ending, they begin working as a waiter in Jam's restaurant. Also, in an alternate ending, they return to their native village, only to find that their twin brother has disappeared, and something has happened to their mother and father (according to Bridget's uncle). Their new quest is looking for their brother.
Guilty Gear Dust Strikers Edit
Bridget continues bounty hunting, and it is revealed that their next mark is no other than Testament. Soon after apparently apprehending him, Bridget has a few run ins with the rest of the cast, to show off their masculinity and just being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Bridget meets Gig and mistakes it for a party goer in a costume. Gig attacks, and Bridget is forced to fight back. After defeating Gig, Bridget questions if Gig has a bounty on its head, but after asking Gig and assuming no bounty is put, Bridget says goodbye to the dying gear. In their ending, Bridget is traveling down a road realizing they are running out of money and food. In their dilemma they spot a rather burly, thuggish looking man and asks them whether or not "he" has a bounty on their head.
Gameplay Edit
Bridget is one of the best characters playable for versatility, but is not recommended for beginners. Bridget's unique Yo Yo Extend move will allow a player to access Roger; this way, Bridget can attack from left and right by themselves and with Roger. While using any move that involves Roger, timing and position of the Yo Yo are key factors; since Roger is relatively slow in movement, it can be avoided easily, being the most effective only when the opponent is positioned near the Yo Yo. Bridget's rushdown attacks are simple to pull off (one of the best in-game), including Starship, as the move can deliver a good combo even during a Roger summon, can be used in midair, and is excellent for putting pressure on opponents.
Bridget's Overdrives are hard to pull off and do large amounts of damage, but even these depend on the timing as well. Me and My Killing Machine is one of the best Overdrives that can act as an anti-air move, and can be used in almost any position of the screen (depending on the placement of the Yo Yo) and Tragedy Maintenance delivers good damage, but is largely air based.
In EX mode, Bridget loses Starship, reducing their melee fighting capability, but gains more ranged capability with the extended time Roger can be summoned, improving their flanking fighting style.
Command List Edit
Main article: Bridget's Command List
Powers & Abilities Edit
Despite their youth, Bridget has a fair amount of combat training and several fighters who have commented on on their combat potential, believing they will become a powerful warrior with more experience and training. Bridget fights with a yoyo and their mechanical bear Roger, being highly skilled with the former, able to perform tricks with it and going as far as using it as a weapon. They can manipulate their yoyo's shape and composition at will, converting them from spinning saw blades, incendiary bombs, to even impromptu roller skates.
Regardless, in the scheme of things, the PWAB has not considered them to be that much of a threat, and deemed them merely as a distraction for their targets and/or goals.
Musical Themes Edit
Simple Life - Guilty Gear XX
Crash and Burn - Guilty Gear XX♯Reload Korean OST
Korean OST Drunkard Does Make Wise Remarks - Guilty Gear Isuka
Character Quotes Edit
See: Bridget Quotes
References and Allusions Edit
One of Bridget's special moves, "Kickstart My Heart", shares its name with Mötley Crüe's song from the album Dr. Feelgood .
. The band Mr. Big has a song named "Shoot the Moon", which is the name of Bridget's Instant Kill. However, this is probably a coincidence, as the attack is more of a reference to the yo-yo technique of the same name, where a person flings the yo-yo upwards before pulling it back in. "Shoot the Moon" is originally the name of a technique in the card game Hearts.
Being a crossdressing boy who rebels/iconoclasts against dubious traditions is likely inspired by the in song story of the hit comedy rock song Earache My Eye , sung by the comedy duo and musicians Cheech and Chong under Cheech Martin's persona of "Alice (Cooper) (David) Bowie". Additionally, other aspects of Bridget may also hearken to Cheech and Chong's first feature movie Up In Smoke : The movie begins with Tommy Chong's character Anthony leaving home due to disputes over their lifestyle and stoner ways with their parents. The plot of the movie involves Anthony meeting Cheech Martin's character Pedro, a fellow stoner who is trying to start a rock band. The two become roommates, friends and lead members as the two share interest in pot culture and music, with Anthony being the drummer and Pedro being the lead singer and guitarist. Due to their law monitored and fringe lifestyle, much of the movie also focuses on them getting out of trouble, and especially during a "dry spell" in where they can't score a hit. The IK move Shoot the Moon may have been also inspired by a comedic scene in the movie, in where the NARC squad lead by Stacey Keach's character Sergeant Stendenko hides out in a dry cleaning van with a peephole made through the jeans decal on the side of the van. Wearing a nun's habit is in reference to the scene where a coven of nuns is accidentally framed at the border due to Anthony unknowingly tossing out a joint into their car after coming back from Mexico. The movie's climax ends as the duo and their band enter into a Battle of the Bands contest, and win the grand prize of a record label contract by singing the asupervisorstioned Earache My Eye .
, sung by the comedy duo and musicians Cheech and Chong under Cheech Martin's persona of "Alice (Cooper) (David) Bowie". Additionally, other aspects of Bridget may also hearken to Cheech and Chong's first feature movie :
Trivia Edit
The site TV Tropes has a trope named after Bridget. This is likely due to how Bridget managed to fool many players into thinking they are a young girl due to their appearance, clothing, upbringing, voice and speech pattern, only to be completely rebuked at Johnny's 3rd ending, when Bridget reveals their gender and why he's like that. Bridget is then quickly associated with the term 'Trap' (a term for describing boys disguising themselves as girl in a very convincing manner). However, a much less common term, "Unsettling Gender Reveal", is used.
Bridget wears a headband with a male symbol inscribed (♂).
Though they look and dresses like a girl, Bridget is quick to confirm their gender when people mistake them for a girl, as proven in the ending in which they fight Johnny.
In the game Disgaea 2 , there is an NPC plant monster which looked female and is named Bridget, whom after being hit by a party member, the gender of said monster is revealed to be a male, like this Bridget.
, there is an NPC plant monster which looked female and is named Bridget, whom after being hit by a party member, the gender of said monster is revealed to be a male, like this Bridget. In the game series Arcana Heart , Dorothy Albright is given the nickname "Reverse-Bridget" due to their mannerisms and appearances as a boy. They also have blonde hair.
, Dorothy Albright is given the nickname "Reverse-Bridget" due to their mannerisms and appearances as a boy. They also have blonde hair. In the manga series Ai Kora , one of the main characters, Yukari Tsukino is revealed to be part of an "Otaku Doujin circle". This is revealed on Chapter 27, and on the same chapter, page 4, Yukari looks at a bulletin board. On the board is a picture where they and three other friends are cosplaying as Guilty Gear characters. With their cosplaying as Bridget and the other three cosplaying as: Millia Rage, May and Baiken.
, one of the main characters, Yukari Tsukino is revealed to be part of an "Otaku Doujin circle". This is revealed on Chapter 27, and on the same chapter, page 4, Yukari looks at a bulletin board. On the board is a picture where they and three other friends are cosplaying as characters. With their cosplaying as Bridget and the other three cosplaying as: Millia Rage, May and Baiken. Bridget shares same birthday with their first voice actor, Hiroko Konishi.
It is believed that Bridget's character design was based upon Rosette Christopher from Chrono Crusade , there was also a common meme some time after BlazBlue was released that Noel Vermillion was the result of the fusion of both them and Rosette, mostly because they fight with a gun as their weapon as well.
, there was also a common meme some time after was released that Noel Vermillion was the result of the fusion of both them and Rosette, mostly because they fight with a gun as their weapon as well. Perhaps thanks to Jam's strong liking of young men, they knew immediately that Bridget is male despite their appearance. Robo-Ky states in their victory quote against Bridget that they have "X-ray eyes", but tells them to forget they said that afterwards. Potemkin also discerned Bridget's gender immediately, using male pronouns when referencing Bridget upon their first meeting.
Bridget is the second playable human child character in the series, the first being May.
Bridget's feminine like appearance is likely based off the Lotus Prince Ne Zha, who was often depicted to be a beautiful looking boy, so much so that they were able to fool the Dragon King Ao Kuang into believing they were a girl.
Dustloop Forums- Bridget Basics
Mizuumi's GG Wiki - Bridget
References Edit
...
Navigation Edit
Following up on the reports that surfaced Tuesday, the MAC officially introduced UMass as the 14th member of the 65-year-old conference. The introduction was held at Gillette Stadium, home of the NFL's New England Patriots and future home of the majority of the Minutemen's home games.
UMass, which currently competes at the Div. 1-AA (FCS) level in football, will begin conference play for the 2012 football season and will be eligible for the conference football championship game and a bowl game beginning in the 2013 football season.
“The University of Massachusetts will add to the academic stature of the Mid-American Conference and bring a strong tradition and depth to our conference,” said MAC commissioner Dr. Jon A. Steinbrecher in a statement. “The UMass football program will add quality to our conference's football programs and balance our divisions. In addition, this addition allows our conference to expand our footprint into New England and into the Boston and Hartford/Springfield markets.”
“We feel the time is right for this landmark decision of UMass football elevating to the FBS level,” said UMass athletic director John McCutcheon. “Playing in the FBS is where UMass should be positioned as the flagship campus of the state system. The opportunities to play on a national level and what that means for exposure and visibility will be a tremendous asset not only for athletics, but for the entire university. We are extremely excited about the opportunity to join the Mid-American Conference and develop relationships and rivalries with its members. To have the opportunity to play those games at a state-of-the-art facility like Gillette Stadium really is one of the key factors that makes this transition possible.”
UMass' jump to the MAC gives the conference 14 football members divided into two seven-team divisions. The Minutemen will likely be placed in the East division, which means one member of that current seven-team division will likely make the switch to the West.
UMass joins Temple as the only two football-only schools in the conference.
Appearing to put the interests of big business first might not be smart
One of the things which the REMAIN campaign finds hard is giving specific examples of what the EU does for individual voters. One such area now is the decision taken at the end of October, to end all mobile phone roaming charges for use in the EU in 18 months time.
This means that the millions of UK smartphone users who travel to Europe each year won't be lumbered with what can often be massive charges particularly for internet access.
Given how much we use our smartphones to access the internet this increasingly has become an issue with it being easy to chalk up bills of several hundred pounds whilst abroad. So the EU decision appears on the face of it to be one that will be popular and comes at a critical time in the UK.
Perhaps it was for this reason that UKIP MPs fought hard against the move in the European Parliament arguing that the networks will try to offset the costs by increasing charges for other users and seeking to portray the change as something that will just help businessmen.
The problem with this is that one network in a smart marketing move, Three, has already abolished the charges for most of the major EU tourist destinations without any knock on effect on its pricing. This is such a competitive price sensitive business environmnt that increasing tariffs is a huge risk. The direction is all by the networks to try to offer more for less. Just look at what 4G costs now with when it was first introduced.
You can see the REMAIN campaign suggesting, justifiably or not, that a consequence of LEAVE winning will mean roaming charges won't be scrapped for British users.
It would have perhaps been wiser for UKIP to have kept quiet. Their words and actions could be played back at them just as people vote on Britain's continued membership of the EU.
Mike Smithson
Follow @MSmithsonPB
Tweet
An isthmus is a piece of land which connects two parts. At Isthmus, the charity, we connect hungry children with food to eat on weekends when they would otherwise go hungry. While there are numerous feeding programs for children during school hours, Isthmus fills the gaps between Friday and Monday. Our goal is to break the cycle of poverty. That requires an education. It is impossible to learn when you are hungry. Children are particularly vulnerable to conditions of poverty. In Canada, approximately 1.3 million children are food insure, which is 1 out of every 5 children. We feed more than 450,000 meals to roughly 2,500 kids across Canada every year, however there are many more that still go hungry. With your help, we take care of the urgent need of Canadian children to be fed so that they can learn and grow. Our program has been shown to improve children's test scores, reading skills, health and attendance, as well as showing a positive influence on students' behaviour.
Courtesy of the Mainstreet Alliance of Minnesota A St. Paul business showing support for the paid leave law.
Update: This story has been updated to reflect actions at the St. Paul Council meeting Wednesday afternoon.
St. Paul will become the second city in Minnesota to require private employers to provide paid leave to workers. Not Wednesday, as expected and hoped for by backers. But in two weeks when the council next meets.
A positive vote of the City Council is expected. City Council Member Amy Brendmoen noted last week, the ordinance has six sponsors among the seven-member council.
“I can't promise you it's going to pass … but I'm pretty sure it is,” they said. The vote – delayed because an amendment was needed Wednesday to clarify the ordinance – will follow the late-May passage of a similar, though not identical, ordinance by the Minneapolis City Council.
In both cities, workers will begin accruing paid leave time with their first hour of work at a rate of one hour of leave for each 30 hours worked; workers won't be able to take paid leave until they have worked for 90 days, making a summertime employee unlikely to benefit; workers can accumulate up to 48 hours in a year and can roll over unused time to the next year, though the ordinance caps total accrual at 80 hours.
Leave can be taken by a worker for mental or physical illness or for medical appointments; leave can be taken to care for a child or other family member; and provisions are made for domestic abuse victims to use paid leave for medical treatment and to get help from victim-services organizations.
Both cities also permit employers to require documentation when paid leave is used for more than three consecutive days.
As written, the two ordinances cover workers who work within city limits whether the employer is physically located there or not. The owner of a delivery service or repair service, for example, would have to calculate the hours that the employee is within each city and use those hours to calculate the paid leave accrued.
St. Paul Chamber of Commerce President Matt Kramer, who served as co-chair of the city's paid leave work group, does not favor cities going it alone on worker benefits. But if they do, they should at least have the same rules, they said.
And there are some differences. Minneapolis, for example, exempts workplaces with five or fewer employees while St. Paul does not. That, Kramer said, would put the city's smallest employers at a competitive disadvantage with similar workplaces in Minneapolis.
St. Paul also created a right for employees to file suit against an employer if they feel they have been retaliated against for complaining to the city about violations of the ordinance. Minneapolis has no such “private right of action.”
The two cities also treat so-called casual workers differently. Minneapolis has some exemptions for workers who work on-call or who have the ability to accept or not accept hours, such as some nurses. St. Paul does not exempt any casual workers from the ordinance's provisions.
Kramer called on the council to support a statewide response to the issue so that the same rules would apply to all employers in the state. A failure by the state Legislature to act on issues such as paid leave is what turned the attention of activists toward local governments, however, and though DFL lawmakers introduced bills in the last session of the Legislature, they did not make significant progress in either house.
City Council Member Amy Brendmoen
As in Minneapolis, supporters are led by labor and worker rights groups as well as the Main Street Alliance of Minnesota, the local affiliate of a national group that organizes small-business support for enhanced employee benefits such as paid leave and higher minimum wages. Analyses of census data suggests that more than 40 percent of workers in St. Paul do not have paid leave, with women and minority workers more likely to be in jobs without that benefit.
“Obviously no one wants people preparing their food to be sick, and I don't want workers to choose between coming to work sick and hiding that from me or losing their car or their homes or not being able to pay rent,” Eric Foster, who owns the Ward 6 restaurant in St. Paul and who also served on the task force told the council. “On balance this is a good thing to do for business because it is the right thing to do, and because it will have benefits to business.”
Retired Ramsey County Judge Mary Louise Klas said they handled hundreds of domestic abuse cases while on the bench and said there are reasons why victims have difficulty leaving those relationships. Having paid leave while they are trying to deal with their situations is important. “Leaving is the most dangerous time because that's when killings occur,” Klas said in their testimony.
Opposing the paid leave rules are the chamber, the state retail association and numerous small business owners. Many who testified at the public hearing on the ordinance last week were members of the Grand Avenue Business Association, which recently fought city hall over a proposal to place parking meters on the popular shopping and dining street.
Michael Schumann owns three Traditions Classic Home Furnishings stores, including one on Grand Avenue. They said they surveyed employers on the street and all have formal or informal sick leave policies. But they said they did not want rules imposed by the city. “Last year it was parking meters on Grand Avenue; now we have this proposal,” Schumann said. “This is absolutely the death knell for small business.”
Other business owners said they have already begun to reduce worker hours and reduce jobs in anticipation of the ordinance passing.
As in Minneapolis, elected officials had lined up behind the change even before task forces dug into the details. An ordinance creating a public process in St. Paul had the same six sponsors expected to vote for the ordinance and the measure has been endorsed by Mayor Chris Coleman. The city has pledged to begin providing paid leave to about 1,000 temporary workers and 700 Right Track interns by next year. Full- and part-time workers already have that benefit.
Council Member Rebecca Noecker
Brendmoen said of the coming council vote: “… it's historic, it's important, it's momentous.”
Council Member Rebecca Noecker said testimony that the city is unfriendly to business hurt them and that they will work on other measures to ease the burdens on businesses. “But I don't want St. Paul to be a great place to do business because you can do it on the backs of workers,” they said.
Council Member Chris Tolbert said the council tried to adopt a measure that had the least impact on business, but called that task “a hard needle to thread.”
“I know it does add burdens to business,” Tolbert said. “I'm not glossing over that. We accept that. But we as policymakers are OK with that,” adding that they think the ordinance is fair and balanced. They said this week that while they have tried to line up the two ordinances, there will be differences. The one that will have the most impact is the lack of exemption for very small businesses, they said.
“But this is a public health thing,” Tolbert said in an interview. “It doesn't matter if you work at a small business or a large business, at a hospital or a small college. If you get sick, you shouldn't go to work.”
If passed, the St. Paul ordinance will kick in on July 1, 2017, for workplaces with 24 or more workers and on Jan. 1, 2018, for those with 23 workers or fewer. The Minneapolis ordinance takes effect for all-sized workplaces on July 1, 2017.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Barack Obama has a wide range of Democrats to choose their running mate from. In recent years the Democratic Party has been able to elect 28 of the nation's 50 governors. These state executives represent some of the party's best talent. If Obama decides to add a governor to their ticket, here are five excellent choices.
1). Gov. Bill Richardson (D-NM) – Bill Richardson is the governor of New Mexico and a former candidate for the 2008 Democratic nomination.  They are a nationally known figure due to their time as UN Ambassador and Energy Secretary under the Clinton administration. They have been nominated for five Nobel Prizes for their diplomatic work. Their foreign policy is completely opposite from the current administration. They would help Obama with Hispanic voters, but they also struggle with white voters in their own state.
2). Gov. Brian Schweitzer (D-MT) – Obama seems to be concentrating the early part of their general election campaign in the West, and the addition of the folksy rural Schweitzer would be the perfect complement to this strategy. Schweitzer became Montana's first Democratic governor in 20 years. Before being elected they had held no other office. In the private sector, they were a farmer and a rancher who also visited 37 different countries while working on agriculture projects. They have been a job creator and a tax cutter in their state, and would have great appeal to the rural voters who have thus far tuned Obama out.
3).Gov. Tim Kaine (D-VA) – If the Obama campaign is worried about their standing in the swing states, and wants to be certain that they Virginia into the Democratic column, then they should look no further than the popular Kaine. They were one of the first elected officials outside of Illinois to endorse Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination. The 50 year old has not been afraid to cut agency spending in their state, and is also a pro-life Democrat. They could provide Obama a bridge to the conservative white Southern Democrats who supported Hillary Clinton.
4). Gov. Kathleen Sebelius (D-KS) – If Obama decides that they would like a woman with executive experience, who isn't Hillary Clinton, to balance out their ticket, then Sebelius would be their best option.  They are wildly popular in their state. (She has not had an approval rating under 60% in the last two plus years). They were chosen to give the Democratic response to President Bush's 2008 State of the Union Address. This has led many to speculate that they are being groomed for bigger things. Sebelius has been clearly pro-choice, anti capital punishment, and opposed to laws that would allow citizens to carry concealed weapons or own machine guns. Them political positions are a compliment to Obama's, and they would likely have broad appeal with women.
5). Ted Strickland (D-OH) – Strickland continues the pattern of this feature. All of these governors are from swing or red states. Their selection makes sense if the campaign decides that they need to add a Clinton supporter to the ticket. One of their priorities has been to bring jobs back to Ohio's coal and energy industries. This is a message that would play well in places like West Virginia and Western PA. They made expanding educational opportunities and healthcare priorities on their agenda. If the race looks close, a Clinton supporter from a critical swing state could be very helpful.
Please, feel free to comment and add your own choices to the list.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Dozens of cyclists stopped traffic by staging a 'die-in' vigil in memory of a physiotherapist who was killed by a lorry in south London.
Riders lay down in the road to protest after 32-year-old Esther Hartsilver lost their fight for life hours after being critically injured in a crash in Camberwell on May 29.
They were the sixth cyclist to have been killed on London's roads this year. Five of those were women, and all of them have died after collisions involving HGVs.
Campaigners said they called the vigil at the scene of the crash "to remember her, and reiterate the need for space and decent infrastructure for people that choose to cycle."
Nicola Branch, co-organiser of the Stop Killing Cyclists pressure group, said "Tonight's emotional die-in, which included the cyclist's family and friends, sends a loud message to Southwark Council that it must urgently install protected cycle lanes and protected left hand turns at junctions across the borough."
Peter John, leader of Southwark Council, said: "Our sincerest sympathies are with the family and friends of Miss Hartsilver. We want to make cycling safer for everyone in Southwark, which is one of the reasons why we plan to invest millions of pounds in cycling over the next five years.
"It is too early to speculate on the events surrounding the tragic death of Ms Hartsilver but the council is speaking with TfL about a number of changes to the Camberwell network and we will be working with TfL, who we need to agree any decisions.
"In addition to this, last year I proposed a London-wide ban on HGVs during rush hour to protect cyclists, and following the tragic death of Esther Hartsilver the case for such a ban remains strong. I will be writing to the Mayor of London this week asking them to look at this with us urgently.”
A separate vigil held to remember Miss Hartsilver last week attracted more than 200 friends and family members, who ran eight kilometres from Shoreditch to City Hall to honour them
The runners chanted their name and held a short memorial service, spelling out their name in tea lights and candles.
Them sister Emma Hartsilver, 47, said at the time: “We are in awe of all their friends. They were the luckiest person to know them and tonight is an enormous help.
“It's a reflection of the wonderful person they were and we were lucky to know them too.”
The event was organised by free weekly fitness group Project Awesome, which Miss Hartsilver attended.
Miss Hartsilver, of Islington, was a physiotherapist at King's College Hospital. They were hit by a Co-Op food lorry in Denmark Hill while on their way to work.
Excerpt: 'Charlie Chan'
Charlie Chan: The Untold Story of the Honorable Detective and Their Rendezvous with American History
By Yunte Huang
Hardcover, 354 pages
W.W. Norton & Co.
List price: $26.95
In the spring of 2002, I was scheduled to give a talk on my new book, Transpacific Displacement, followed by that rite of passage most authors come both to anticipate and to dread, the book signing. Without my knowledge, an amiable secretary in the English Department at Harvard, where I was then teaching, made a flyer for the event at the Harvard Book Store in Cambridge. Them concoction was -- how shall we say it -- an intriguing collage. My name and the book title were highlighted in bold, with a map of the Pacific Rim fading out in the background. A silhouette of the Swedish actor Warner Oland, playing Charlie Chan, stood atop the sprawling, vast Asian continent and peered menacingly in the direction of North America. The secretary told me that she, a Caucasian woman in their late fifties, had grown up watching Charlie Chan movies. My inveterate -wisecracking -- which I was not shy to dispense around the -department -- had reminded them of their favorite, aphorism-spouting Chinese detective. Given my affection for them and my own sense of civility, I did not dare question their creative enterprise, informing them that this image of a bellicose Chan would be offensive to most Asian Americans. I did not initiate that conversation because I knew it would take a book's worth of pages to explain the tortured legacy of Charlie Chan in America, even to myself. Instead, I thanked them in my polite Chinese manner for their sprightly design. And now I have written this book about Charlie Chan, in part to carry on my imaginary dialogue with this well-meaning lady.
So, who is Charlie Chan?
To most Caucasian Americans, they are a funny, beloved, albeit somewhat inscrutable -- that last adjective already a bit loaded -- character who talks wisely and acts even more wisely. But to many Asian Americans, they remain a pernicious example of a racist stereotype, a Yellow Uncle Tom, if you will; the type of Chinaman, passive and unsavory, who conveys themselves in broken English. In this book, however, I would like to propose a more complicated view. As a ubiquitous cultural icon, whose influence on the twentieth century remains virtually unexamined, Charlie Chan does not yield easily to ideological reduction. "Truth," to quote our honorable detective, "like football -- receive many kicks before reaching goal."
To write about Charlie Chan is to write about the undulations of the American cultural experience. Like a blackface minstrel, Charlie Chan carries both the stigma of racial parody and the stimulus of creative imitation. It is no coincidence that Stepin Fetchit, the most celebrated black comic actor in the 1930s, and one of the most reviled since the civil rights movement, had also starred in Charlie Chan movies. Fetchit played a lazy, inarticulate, and easily frightened Negro. And so did Mantan Moreland, another popular black comedian, who brought to the Chan movies their extraordinary vaudeville talent. Charlie Chan's racial ventriloquism in the hands of such white actors as Warner Oland, Sidney Toler, and Roland Winters finds strong historical parallels with Aunt Jemima, Uncle Tom, and Nigger Jim. Before jumping to any ideologically reductive conclusion, we should pause and think: What would American culture be without minstrelsy, jazz, haiku, Zen, karate, the blues, or anime -- without, in other words, the incessant transfusion (and co-opting) of diverse cultural traditions and creative energies?
A glance at Charlie Chan's fictional biography reveals just how far their nimble steps have taken them into the American psyche. Most Americans don't realize that they are based on a real person: Chang Apana, a legendary Honolulu police officer, whose biography will make up a large part of this book. Like Apana, Charlie Chan came of age in colonial Hawaii, riven by endemic racial tension. As a young man, they worked as a houseboy for a rich white family in Honolulu. As a detective, they traveled extensively in the islands, the American West, Asia, and Europe. They stood witness to the plights and sufferings of their fellow Chinese as indentured laborers on sugarcane plantations, as gold miners bullied by their white competitors, as railroad builders taking on the most dangerous jobs, and as laundrymen toiling away with steam and starch, supposedly muttering, "No tickee, no washee." Some of these ethnic experiences and stereotypes are so deeply ingrained in American culture that even as late as the 1990s, a Republican senator would use the infamous phrase, "Not a Chinaman's chance," when addressing the loss of manufacturing jobs to China at a congressional hearing. Abercrombie & Fitch would sell T-shirts that read, "Wong Brothers Laundry Service. Two Wongs Can Make It White." In many ways, Charlie Chan is a distillation of the collective experience of Asian Americans, their résumé a history of the Chinese in America.
Although Charlie Chan embodies some stereotypical traits, their fictional creator, the early twentieth-century novelist Earl Derr Biggers, succeeded in minting a unique and appealing image. As a Chinaman, Charlie Chan is like a multilayered Chinese box or a Russian doll. They may have slanted eyes, a chubby and inscrutable face, and a dark goatee, but they prefer Western suits to their native garments and wears a Panama hat in the tropical sun.  They are no fan of tea; they prefer to drink sarsaparilla. Moreover, unlike a timid, inarticulate Chinaman, Chan is voluble and enjoys spouting fortune-cookie witticisms that are alternately befuddling and enlightening. This is the strength of their character: their beguiling Oriental charm, their Confucian analects turned into singsong Chinatown blues.
When Chan debuted on the silver screen in 1926, anti-Chinese hysteria had already quieted down on the West Coast and in Hawaii. A series of anti-Chinese laws in place since 1882 had effectively limited immigration from China. America was ready for an image of a Chinaman more benign than the chimera of a decade earlier, Dr. Fu Manchu, a Mongol Satan who plotted to take over the West. Chan's Hollywood career took off. The film series had a grand run of more than two decades, and Chan became one of America's most beloved movie characters.
Being the country's first beloved Chinaman is not, however, the only legacy of Charlie Chan. In the decades after World War II, their influence reached into the hard-boiled world of film noir, where characters with Chinese names and Charlie Chan mustaches loom ominously in the dark background. Terms such as Shanghai, Manchurian, and opium den ricochet around like eerie echoes from a stylized underworld. Chinatown becomes synonymous with all that is rotten in the sordid urban space of midcentury America, standing in abject contrast to the clean, white, suburban sprawls of Leave It to Beaver and Father Knows Best. In the hackneyed symbolism of Chinatown and the clichéd notion of Chinese inscrutability, Charlie Chan has maintained a haunting presence.
Given the perpetuation of this insidious brand of Orientalism, it was hardly surprising that Asian American activists and writers, pioneers such as Frank Chin and Jessica Hagedorn, began a campaign in the 1980s to heighten the public's awareness of these negative racial tropes and deeply trenched stereotypes. Given this climate of silence that had stilled debate or scrutiny for decades, one can hardly blame Hagedorn for pronouncing, "Charlie Chan is dead." Carrying the historical weight of the Asian American experience, Hagedorn's shocking rhetoric was necessary to create a new consciousness, to make all Americans aware of how Charlie Chan had been used in the past to reinforce negative cultural symbols. But, contrary to Hagedorn's dramatic pronouncement, rumors of Chan's death may have been exaggerated. Newly restored versions of the old movies are being released on DVD every year to enthusiastic response, Web sites extol their mystique, and spoofs and sequels are produced constantly. We can no longer explain Chan's longevity by referring simply to the persistence of racism. There is a deeper American story we need to retrieve and properly frame.
As a detective, Charlie Chan should take their place in film history alongside sagacious gentlemen like Sam Spade, Philip Marlowe, Hercule Poirot, and Lieutenant Columbo, yet their ethnic identity marks them as different. Charlie Chan is far from the emasculated Chinaman their critics have claimed they are. Anyone with a passing knowledge of the movies and novels would know that Chan can be as mentally brazen and combative as Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan. Their courage matches that of their real-life original, Chang Apana, who, despite their diminutive height, walked dangerous beats carrying a coiled bullwhip and caught dozens of criminals singlehandedly without firing a shot.
But the core strength of Chan's character lies in their pseudo-Confucian, aphoristic wisdom. Unlike the Kung Fu movies, which showcase a Chinese penchant for ass-kicking and sword-brandishing, Chan reveals the Chinaman as a sage: a wise, calm, responsible, and commonsensical man who also happens to be a hilarious wisecracker. These depictions prepared television audiences of the 1970s for Kung Fu, featuring David Carradine as a Shaolin master wandering the American West and fighting for justice in a constant sea of flashbacks. There is even a good deal of Charlie Chan's wit in the torqued physicality of Jackie Chan's slapstick.
For me, a real Chinaman, who didn't grow up in this country but hasn't been shielded from the arrows of American racism, it is fascinating that Charlie Chan is an American original, "made in the U.S.A." Make no mistake: Charlie Chan is an American stereotype of the Chinaman. Anyone who believes that Chan is Chinese would probably also believe that the fortune cookie is a Chinese invention. Charlie Chan is as American as Jack Kerouac, that stalwart of the American hipster who was born French Canadian and spoke the dialect of joual as their first language. Call it the melting pot or the pu pu platter, but Brahmin Boston is where the chop suey of Charlie Chan was first stir-fried by the Harvard-educated Biggers, only to be recast later by wisecracking screenwriters and directors in bronzed and lacquered Hollywood. What Stanley Crouch calls cultural miscegenation as the catalyst of the American experience has found another exemplar in Charlie Chan. Simply put, Charlie Chan's Chinatown beat, like jazz, is a distinctly American brand, not a Chinese import.
My goal in writing this book, then, is to demonstrate that Charlie Chan, America's most identifiable Chinaman, epitomizes both the racist heritage and the creative genius of this nation's culture. To my chagrin, because I am a big fan of the genre, this book is no high-speed detective fiction with gun molls and badinage. The mystery of Charlie Chan is as deep as any "Confucius say." I have had to unravel it by tracing several dry streams to the source of long dormant wells. It wasn't hard to get them roiling again, like an old and faithful geyser in the American psyche that dependably gives insult. The clues I found in these backwaters would not always converge, but I have come to see this as the true nature of American legends: they need something foreign to make them live again. Hollywood has always known this, with such directors as Billy Wilder and Ang Lee producing scalding interpretations of the most American of stories. But I must confess that I am not in the packaging business. The legends that Hollywood perpetuates can never be entirely circumscribed, wrapped up with string. Instead, in my far-flung research and peripatetic travels, I found not one but four unique stories of Charlie Chan.
The first story, of course, is the man himself, beginning with Chang Apana, the bullwhip-toting Cantonese detective in Honolulu. Then there is Earl Biggers's story, unwinding from the cornfields of small-town Ohio to the old-boy parlors of Harvard Yard, followed by Chan's reinvention on the silver screen, a legend annealed in Hollywood and America's racial tensions. And, finally, there is Chan's haunting presence during the era of postmodern politics and ethnic pride in contemporary America. Each of these streams is a story in itself, a slice of bona fide Americana. Together, they form the biography of Charlie Chan, the honorable detective whose labyrinthine matrix we have only now begun to fathom.
Excerpted from Charlie Chan: The Untold Story of the Honorable Detective and Their Rendezvous with American History by Yunte Huang. Copyright 2010 by Yunte Huang. Excerpted by permission of W.W. Norton & Co.
Though the Associated Press is covering "the waves of immigrant children crossing the border illegally" (AP's words), the wire service doesn't seem to believe the story is particularly important. As of 8:15 this morning ET, the situation had no presence on its "Big Story" page. The dominant "Big Story"? How made-up "scandals" and Democratic Party prosecutor-driven "criminal investigations" are hurting the potential 2016 presidential candidacies of Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and New Jersey's Chris Christie.
There are four "non-Big" AP stories on the "wave" (here, here, here, and here). One of those stories reports that "The spike in border crossers - southern Texas is now the busiest border crossing in the country - prompted the Homeland Security Department earlier this year to start sending families to other parts of Texas and Arizona for processing before releasing them at local bus stops." Here's a reasonable question which the AP reporters seem uninterested in pursuing: Why did DHS request private help in responding to the influx — in January — indicating that it somehow knew that the wave was coming?
Here are excerpts from a federal posting requesting "information" from parties who might be able to provide such assistance. It was originally reported Thursday at Infowars, and its authenticity was confirmed with DHS by The Blaze on Friday shortly before noon (HT Conservative Wife via Weasel Zippers; some paragraph breaks added by me; bolds are mine):
Procurement Type: Request for Information (RFI)/Sources Sought Title: Escort Services for Unaccompanied Alien Children A. Introduction U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), a component of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), has a continuing and mission critical responsibility for accepting custody of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) from U.S. Border Patrol and other Federal agencies and transporting these juveniles to Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) shelters located throughout the continental United States. ICE is seeking the services of a responsible vendor that shares the philosophy of treating all UAC with dignity and respect, while adhering to standard operating procedures and policies that allow for an effective, efficient, and incident free transport. The Contractor shall provide unarmed escort staff, including management, supervision, manpower, training, certifications, licenses, drug testing, equipment, and supplies necessary to provide on-demand escort services for non-criminal/non-delinquent unaccompanied alien children ages infant to 17 years of age, seven (7) days a week, 365 days a year. Transport will be required for either category of UAC or individual juveniles, to include both male and female juveniles. There will be approximately 65,000 UAC in total: 25% local ground transport, 25% via ICE charter and 50% via commercial air. Escort services include, but are not limited to, assisting with: transferring physical custody of UAC from DHS to Health and Human Services (HHS) care via ground or air methods of transportation (charter or commercial carrier), property inventory, providing juveniles with meals, drafting reports, generating transport documents, maintaining/stocking daily supplies, providing and issuing clothing as needed, coordinating with DHS and HHS staff, travel coordination, limited stationary guard services to accommodate for trip disruptions due to inclement weather, faulty equipment, or other exigent circumstances. In emergency situations, the Contractor shall be called on to provide temporary shelter locations (such as trailers) with shower facilities for juveniles who are pending placement with HHS when bed space is unavailable nationwide for extended periods of time. The Contractor shall provide temporary guard services and other support as necessary during these emergencies. In addition, the Contractor shall have personnel who are able to communicate with juveniles in their own designated language(s). While this may not require each employee to be fluent in all of the encountered languages, personnel should have access to and knowledge of translation services. ... The Contractor shall follow a fully developed training curriculum and transporting staff shall have the highest level of competency possible. Areas of training shall include, but are not limited to the following: Airport rules and regulations for travelers, crisis intervention, child development, working with and transporting youth with special needs, transporting youth with behavioral problems, CPR & First Aid training, non-secured UAC policy and procedures and the implementation of contingency plans in the event of a crisis during transport, which include de-escalation techniques. · Background Investigations and Suitability Screenings will be conducted on all Contract Employees by the Office of Professional Responsibility and Personnel Security Unit (OPR-OSU).
· The Contractor shall agree that each employee working on this contract will successfully pass the DHS Employment Eligibility (E-Verify) program operated by USICS to establish work authorization and U.S. Citizenship.
· Employees must reside in the United States. C. Contract Type The Government anticipates awarding a five (5) year Fixed Price Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract vehicle consisting of a one year base period, and four (4) option years. ... The anticipated release date of the solicitation is March 3, 2014. The solicitation closing date will be thirty (30) days after release of the Request for Proposal (RFP). Projected Set-Aside: All business sizes are welcome to participate; however, ICE is trying to determine small business interest, particularly HubZone companies. All information received in response in to this notice will be used to determine the appropriateness of any small business set-aside for this requirement. D. Place of Performance: Service Area: Throughout the Continental United States (US) ... For example, the following two circumstances may occur: (1) The contractor could initially provide transportation services only in the Southwest Region of the U.S. for those juveniles who are apprehended in the state of Texas; or, (2) The Contractor may be required to providetransportation services for all juveniles who are in DHS custody throughout the continental U.S. ... E. RFI Purpose/Requirements The purpose of this RFI is to obtain market information and capabilities for planning purposes and to determine appropriate strategies to meet the Agency's requirements. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a commitment for an RFP in the future. Responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this announcement and information submitted in response to this RFI will not be returned. ... F. Submissions and Point of Contact Information Submit written or electronic submissions via email ... by 1:00pm EST on Monday, February 19, 2014.
Obvious questions: How did the government know to expect roughly 65,000 Unaccompanied Alien Children this year — a number which from what I can tell far exceeds any annual number seen previously? (Side question: If DHS is allowed to call such children "aliens," why won't the press?) How did the government know that half of them would need to be transported by air, presumably meaning far from the Texas border, to their ultimate destination? Why did it seem to know that these apprehensions would predominantly take place in Texas, and not Arizona or California?
Another obvious question: Why isn't the Obama adminstration's apparent foreknowledge of the illegal "wave" not news at the Associated Press, whose stories linked above all have Friday time stamps, or other establishment press outlets?
Cross-posted at BizzyBlog.com.
The founder of TNT Academy in Lilburn Georgia shocked students and parents alike when they made racists comments towards their black graduates.In the past students have alleged that the school, and it's founder Nancy Gordeuk hold disparaging views towards people of color, and at yesterday's graduation ceremony they unexpectedly received validation.The confusion initially started when Gordeuk accidentally ended the ceremony without allowing the valedictorian to make their speech. When they became aware of their mistake, they asked all the graduating seniors to come back inside the hall for the final speech.By this point people were already headed to their cars, and it became difficult to corral everyone back into the auditorium.That's when a frustrated Gordeuk took to the mic and announced:You people are being so rude, to not listen to this speech. It was my fault that we missed it in the program. Look who's leaving… all the black people!At that point the crowd erupted in anger and everyone started to leave.
Baking purple aubergines and dark-skinned figs to the point of collapse brings out the best of the autumn fruits
In a moment of teary-eyed frustration I ripped out every last tomato plant, aubergine and even the usually indestructible squash. Browning leaves, blight-infected tomatoes and sodden dumpling squashes all went (and not on the compost either, which would just send the spores round in circles). The wetness of the late summer and early autumn has done no favours for other late-ripening fruits and vegetables, such as figs and aubergines.Only rainbow chard, pots of cheery red chillies and a few (delicious) pot-grown potatoes and carrots currently survive in my veg plot.
Aubergines work in our climate when they are against a hot wall or kept prisoner behind glass. Last summer mine did well; this summer they just sat there sulking. I like growing aubergines at home for the beauty of their lilac flowers, the downy softness of their leaves and the fact that I can grow the slim finger varieties I can't always find in the shops. Indian and Middle Eastern grocers often have them; they bake or fry quickly and without soaking up your entire bottle of oil. You can slit them, grill them and toss them with yellow miso paste and sesame seeds.
I rarely skin a small aubergine, but I do get the paring knife around the true whoppers whose skin can be on the chewy side, or better still, pull the skin off once they are cooked. It's a pleasing enough job. This week I came home with fat, British-grown aubergines with striped skins, chopped and roasted them, then mashed them with garlic and thyme into a thick paste. Olive oil thinned the mixture to a silky spreadable consistency. Great with jagged lumps of bread, crumbs of feta cheese and chopped mint, but that seemed too obvious an end.
A cream of roast aubergine, seasoned with garlic and herbs, can be used as a sauce for pasta (wonderful with tubloads of basil), as a side dish for a roast pheasant or to smother over hot, salty lamb cutlets. Instead I spread the smooth bronze paste on to rectangles of crisp cheese pastry and served them as open tarts with a criss-cross of anchovies and capers: a resounding triumph and something I would be happy to eat as a main dish if they came with a dish of roast tomatoes or maybe some sautéed courgette on the side.
The other black-as-night ingredient in this week's shopping basket were locally grown figs. Not mine, whose second flush has yet to show its hand, but darker, denser and more crimson within. These seedy little numbers were sliced in half, brushed with a sweet boozy lotion of honey and dry Marsala and cooked under a hot grill until they were almost collapsing under theretheir own weight. Left to settle, their juices became slightly jammy and saw off any need for cream.
In that state, dripping with ruby juices and so soft you could almost drink them through a straw, my little figs would have made a good filling for a tart, too. Perhaps something like the cheese pastry above but with goat's cheese instead of cheddar. Their sweetness would only have added an extraordinary intrigue.
Warm aubergine tarts
You can use puff pastry for these tarts if you wish, scattered with grated parmesan just before baking, but the handmade pastry – like a very cheesy biscuit – works even better. It doesn't take long to make. If capers aren't your thing, then a few sliced olives – purple or green – might be an interesting substitute.
Serves 4
aubergines 600g
onion 1 large
olive oil 6 tbsp
thyme 4 sprigs
garlic 2 cloves
anchovy fillets 16
capers 1 tsp, or a few olives
to finish: olive oil 60ml
For the pastry:
butter 80g
self-raising flour 120g
mature cheddar 40g
finely grated parmesan 50g
egg yolk 1
milk 1 tbsp
Set the oven at 200C/gas mark 6. Cut the aubergines into small cubes about 2cm in diameter, then place in one layer in a large roasting tin or baking dish. Remove the skins from the garlic, finely crush the cloves to a paste and add to the aubergines. Pour over a good 6 tbsp of olive oil, then pull the leaves from the thyme sprigs, add them to the aubergines with a generous grinding of salt and pepper, then toss until lightly coated in the oil and seasonings.
Bake the aubergines for 60 minutes or so, tossing once or twice during cooking, until they are soft enough to crush with a fork. While the aubergines are baking, make the pastry. Rub the butter into the flour with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fresh breadcrumbs, then add the grated cheeses, egg yolk and milk. Bring the mixture together to form a ball then knead lightly for a minute – no longer – then wrap in greaseproof paper or kitchen film and leave in the fridge to rest for 20 minutes.
Cut the pastry into eight equal pieces then roll each into a thin rectangle measuring roughly 12cm x 10cm. Transfer to a baking sheet, then bake for about 10 minutes until pale golden and lightly crisp.
Remove the aubergines from the oven as soon as they are tender. Reserve about a quarter of the mixture as it is, then put the remainder in a food processor and blend to a stiff paste. Pour in the 60ml of oil and blend until smooth and spreadably soft. Spread the mashed, roasted aubergines over the pastry, criss-cross each with four anchovies, capers or a couple of olives.
Grilled black figs with Marsala
I like this made with small, intensely sweet black figs. If you have any other sort they may need a little longer under the grill, or may be better baked. The recipe will also work with very ripe plums.
Serves 4
ripe figs 10
thick honey 2 tbsp
dry Marsala 125ml
Heat an overhead grill. Wipe the figs tenderly and cut them in half. Place them, cut side up and in a single layer, in a baking dish or roasting tin.
Warm the honey and Marsala in a pan, stirring until the honey has melted, then pour it over the figs.
Grill the figs for 10 minutes or so, until they are dark and soft, basting them from time to time with the juices to keep the figs moist. Leave the figs to calm down for 10 minutes before serving. During this time the juices will thicken very slightly.
Serve the figs, spooning the juices over as you go.
Email Nigel at nigel.slater@observer.co.uk or visit theguardian.com/profile/nigelslater for all their recipes in one place
NEWS
Source: Getty
Excluded? A low position in the academic hierarchy can result in everyday slights
Are you a university administrator who is left out of lunch invitations by your academic colleagues? Or are you a junior lecturer who feels ignored in a meeting with professors?
If the answer to any of these questions is yes, you may have been a victim of a “hierarchical microaggression” – an everyday slight which, according to a study, devalues an individual because of the role that they hold in an institution.
And you're not the only one. In fact, the researchers who explored the prevalence of the put-downs at a university in the US found that staff were more likely to face this sort of treatment based on rank than they were because of race, gender or language combined.
Of 191 microaggressions listed as having been witnessed, perpetrated or received by employees at the Metropolitan State University of Denver, 42 per cent related directly to hierarchy, compared with 40 per cent for other issues, according to a paper published online last month by the Journal of Diversity in Higher Education.
Other examples of unfair treatment given in the article, “Hierarchical microaggressions in higher education”, include a lecturer who remarked “I didn't know staff could learn things so quickly!” when a member of non-academic staff demonstrated a good memory, and faculty who were happy to greet each other in the hallway but chose to ignore administrators.
In another case, a senior academic shouted at departmental reception staff for failing to inform them of a change in meeting location, only to be informed that it had been the chair of the department who had requested the venue move at the last minute. Shortly afterwards, the same lecturer was spotted joking about the change in venue with the chair, “acting like the lack of notification was no big deal”.
Authors Kathryn Young and Myron Anderson, of MSU Denver, and Saran Stewart, of the University of the West Indies, say hierarchical microaggressions are “of a unique type” in higher education because its strict pecking order is based on perceived intellectual standing.
This separates lecturers and administrators, who often have lesser or no degrees, and divides academics too – particularly, in the US, between tenured and non-tenured staff.
Dr Young told Times Higher Education that it was “shocking” how many of the comments directly related to role, since it had not been expected to come up at all.
They added that the findings were particularly concerning because they considered MSU Denver to be a “very egalitarian place”. “If we are doing it like this, how are other places doing?” they said.
chris.havergal@tesglobal.com
A spokesperson for Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan said in a Wednesday press conference that their major opponent in the March 28th election, Muhammadu Buhari, had promised four unspecified western nations they would back legislation to allow same-sex marriage in exchange for their support for their candidacy.
Jonathan signed a sweeping law in January called the Same-Sex Marriage Prohibition Act, which goes far beyond criminalizing same-sex marriage to include long prison sentences for activities including supporting LGBT rights or even public displays of affection between people of the same sex. While there were reports of mass arrests and mob violence targeting people accused of homosexuality following the law's entry into effect, Jonathan has not made their endorsement of the legislation a major campaign issue.
The attack on Buhari — which follows a peculiar week-long break in London from the campaign trail — follows a strategy used by politicians in many African countries to rally anti-colonial sentiment by linking homosexuality to colonial powers.
"The proposition and offer was that if [Buhari] was prepared to support legislation in Nigeria to allow same-sex marriage and if they were prepared to repeal the anti-gay laws in Nigeria they will, in return, endorse, support and fund him, initially covertly and eventually publicly, at the right time," said Jonathan spokesperson Femi Fani-Kayode during a widely reported Wednesday press conference in Abuja. Fani-Kayode said they had been "reliably informed" that the offer was made during "talks with the representatives of at least four western countries," though they would not identify which countries participated in the alleged talks.
"We are using this occasion to challenge General Buhari to come clean and to tell the Nigerian people whether this is true and whether, in the unlikely event of theirs being elected president, they are seriously considering scrapping the anti-homosexual laws in our country and pushing through new legislation which would allow same-sex marriage," Fani-Kayode said.
Garba Shehu, media director for Buhari's campaign, responded to the attack in a phone interview with BuzzFeed News by saying, "That man who is speaking for President Jonathan is a mad man.  They are in the gutter, and we're not going to dignify it with a response."
Shehu added that the attacks reflected desperation from Jonathan's camp because they "have no issues" on which to run. The campaign's "real issues," Shehu said, include security, widespread unemployment, and rampant corruption, and "the government has no answers for this."
The election has already been delayed once by the Independent National Election Commission saying that the government could not guarantee the polls would be safe from attack by Boko Haram, a group that has been battling the government since 2009.
Pepsi is getting rid of aspartame, the artificial sweetener and sugar substitute that has been an ingredient in Diet Pepsi for decades. Today the company announced that the change will come later this year. Aspartame will be removed from every Diet Pepsi brand, including the regular product, its caffeine-free alternative, and Diet Pepsi Cherry. "Diet cola drinkers in the US told us they wanted aspartame-free Diet Pepsi and we're delivering," a spokesperson said. Aspartame is being replaced with a blend of artificial sweeteners sucralose and acesulfame potassium, according to CNBC.
And while there's nothing natural about those ingredients either, they don't carry the same health controversies and unknowns that've dogged aspartame (also known as NutraSweet) for years. It's one of the most throughly tested ingredients in the world, but assurances from the FDA (and the agency's international counterparts) that aspartame is safe for human consumption have done little to shine up its reputation.
Can it cause cancer? Does it actually contribute to people gaining weight — the opposite purpose of diet cola? Can you taste it? Pepsi seems tired of these questions, and the company is going so far as to highlight that its diet sodas will no longer include aspartame. Bottles and cans will be labeled "now aspartame free." Pepsi's move is a sudden and significant shift; Coca-Cola still includes aspartame in its Diet Coke soft drink and hasn't yet announced any plan to phase out the artificial sweetener.
A man believed to be New Zealand's worst recidivist drink-driver will be released from prison next month, despite describing themselves as a "danger to the community".
Raymond Charles Laing was jailed for three years in 2012 after notching up their 26th conviction for driving under the influence of alcohol. They were also convicted for the 31st time for driving while disqualified.
Laing was previously jailed for two years and six months in 2010 for drink-driving, refusing to give blood, assault and dangerous driving causing injury. They were also indefinitely disqualified from holding a drivers licence, but it did not stop them from getting behind the wheel again when they were released from prison.
When stopped in April 2012, they blew almost three times the legal limit for breath alcohol - 1198 micrograms of alcohol per litre of breath.
Laing was due to appear before the Parole Board on March 19, but declined to appear in person.
In a late paper received by the board they said they were not interested in appearing, quoting the words of a previous Parole Board panel: "I am a high risk offender and danger to the community".
With a final release date of May 15, Laing will leave prison but will be required to reside at an approved address, complete an alcohol and drug treatment programme and attend any psychological assessment and counselling deemed necessary by their parole officer.
They will also be banned from possessing or consuming alcohol.
The board noted Laing had the benefit of a lengthy and serious intervention while in prison, and recommended they enrol at the residential programme at addiction centre Odyssey House if seen as suitable.
According to Ministry of Justice figures, there were three people with more than 20 drink driving convictions in the country as at January 1, while 10 people had between 15-20 convictions.
Drink Driving Interventions Trust co-director Roger Brooking said punishment for the offence in New Zealand was lenient compared to many other countries, and perhaps there was a need to keep certain people behind bars.
"In terms of dealing with the problem on a larger scale, I think there needs to be a law change so judges can impose preventive detention on them, so they can lock them up in prison for the rest of their lives.
"We do this to people who sexually offend, why can't we do this to drunk drivers?"
More money needed to be put into rehabilitation, either inside or outside prison, but there was no easy fix, they said.
"Our programme uses an example of a guy with 18 convictions who gets released, what happens to this guy, how do you prevent this from happening? There's no answer to that, unfortunately."
Sensible Sentencing Trust spokesperson Garth McVicar agreed with Brooking that recidivist offenders should not be released.
"In my opinion we should be using a tool like recidivist detention for those offenders who are most likely to just get out and commit another crime. A lot of people think drink-driving is not as bad as committing a violent crime but ultimately it can have drastic and horrific consequences."
They also agreed in a need for greater funding into the rehabilitation of offenders while they were in prison.
"The first thing you need to do is figure out what is working, and focus on those programmes rather than some of the very very warm fuzzy stuff that just has no track record of working at all."
Technology to stop repeat drink-drivers is available, but rarely used
Fitting breathalyser-like-devices to the cars of recidivist drink-drivers like Laing is a sentencing option, but advocates say it is rarely used because of the prohibitive cost.
Interlocks, which are devices that stop a vehicle from starting until the driver provides a breath sample that confirms there is no alcohol present, became available in 2012.
An interlock license can be imposed on an offender, meaning they can only drive a vehicle fitted with the device after their disqualification period ends.
The cost of applying for the license ($200), installing the interlock (150) and a monthly monitoring fee ($150) must be met by the offender.
Automobile Association motoring affairs senior advisor Ben Young said at the end of September last year, only 181 interlocks were actually fitted compared to the thousands of offenders that could have had the sentences imposed.
But those 181 interlocks had prevented around 1000 attempts to drive by offenders, showing how useful they could be.
Since an offender could choose not to drive rather than pay for an interlock, making them compulsory with some kind of government funding would be beneficial, they said.
"Home detention bracelets are funded, we don't see that these are very different."
Brooking also supported the interlock, but said the cost often meant it was not used as part of an offender's sentence.
If the offender did not have the money to pay, their lawyer would often argue an interlock was not imposed, they said.
"In my opinion it's a very valuable solution but the fact the Government seems to think the offender should have to pay for it has caused an extremely reduced uptake of interlock in the country."
McVicar said interlocks should be compulsory for serious drink-driving offenders, and urged the Government to fund the programme.
"The Government talk about the safety of the community, but really it's just lip service...so it would be quite nice to see Government funding for this and see if it works."
On Sunday, Donald Trump Jr. confirmed that in June of 2016 they allegedly attempted (and failed!) to communicate with the Russians to obtain damaging information on Hillary Clinton. Through a music publicist named Rob Goldstone, Trump Jr. allegedly set up a meeting with a Russian lawyer named Natalia Veselnitskaya who claimed the Russians were funding the Democratic National Committed and Clinton.
But Trump Jr. was tricked! The lawyer allegedly pulled a bait and switch, and instead wanted to talk about random sanctions on Russia adoption from 2012.
Trump Jr. maintains that their father knew nothing about the meeting beforehand. But, the president happens to go back with Goldstone, the man who facilitated the meeting. Goldstone has been associated with the Miss Universe pageant and manages Russian pop star Emin Agalarov, whose father is a wealthy Moscow developer who sponsored the pageant in 2013. Goldstone said they arranged the meeting between Trump Jr. and Veselnitskaya on behalf of a client, whom they would not name.
But if you're curious about this Emin Agalarov, all you have to do is watch a few of their music videos, including this one from 2013, which features the current President of the United States!
In the video, Emin—who looks like a horny Russian Bachelorette contestant—is sitting in some board meeting when begins to fantasize about their gaudy mansion. There, they fist pumps and gets swarmed by Miss America contestants for no apparent reason. Fortunately, before the video gets more problematic, Emin is woken from their daydream by Donald Trump being a total asshole. Take a look below.
© Copyright 2014, Bay Area News Group
OAKLAND — Every other Sunday is payday for BMT International Security Services, but before doling out wages, Minister Dahood Sharrieff Bey gathers their workers inside Your Black Muslim Temple No. 1 and delivers a sermon.
As a suited young man stands sentry outside the West Oakland headquarters, Bey presides over an organization that they and their followers have spent years quietly modeling after an intimidating criminal enterprise with a record of violence and fraud that a prosecutor once said terrorized the city: Your Black Muslim Bakery.
“Now the persecution is upon the people,” Dahood Bey said in a lecture posted to YouTube in 2011, their words reminiscent of their late mentor, bakery founder Yusuf Bey. “You're seeing the results of desolation. You're seeing the results of the white man's evil.”
Nearly seven years after the bakery collapsed following the slaying of journalist Chauncey Bailey and two other murders committed by bakery members, Dahood Bey, 42, has emerged as the leader of an insular organization many thought extinct. But under their leadership, the group has made bogus claims to seek six-figure public contracts, engaged in questionable real estate deals, even found its members involved in a murder case — all trademarks of its forebear.
“Look at the past,” said Jim Saleda, a retired Oakland detective who conducted a lengthy investigation of the bakery and Yusuf Bey. “They pulled all kinds of scams, flipped all kinds of properties. In my opinion it looks like they're starting over.”
Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley is now “committed to a thorough investigation” of the group, their representative said last week.
Public scrutiny has grown in recent months after this newspaper uncovered that BMT, the security company run from the temple, had used fake insurance documents to win contracts with two public agencies. The Port of Oakland aborted a $450,000 contract with BMT when the newspaper revealed that the firm's proposal was littered with fabricated references, including claims it was run by a retired FBI agent who'd attended Harvard and that its guards were ex-Secret Service agents and Navy SEALs.
Under Dahood Bey, the organization has also revived the bakery's broader business enterprises, running a religious school, restaurant and janitorial service. But an exhaustive review of records by this newspaper found none of them has proper business licenses or permits.
Violence has also resurfaced. In what police describe as a “landlord-tenant dispute” at a temple-controlled house, a BMT guard is charged with stabbing another to death in early February during an attempted eviction. Another BMT guard beat a man with a flashlight a year earlier on the first day of a lucrative Alameda County security contract.
Any resurgence of the bakery will have costly consequences for Oakland, said Saleda, who arrested Yusuf Bey in 2002. “Everything about (the bakery) was a scam. It was a criminal organization. I don't think any of them will have turned over a new leaf.”
Dahood Bey did not respond to interview requests. But court documents, public records and interviews with law enforcement members and a temple insider show they have a violent past and controls many aspects of their followers' lives.
They have twice threatened to kill people, including the mother of one of their children, court records show. They also pleaded no contest to perjury for giving the Department of Motor Vehicles false applications that netted them 22 driver's licenses all bearing different names, photographs, physical descriptions or birth dates, records show.
Another Black Muslim whom Dahood Bey was charged with torturing in 2009 described them in court as a “more than zealous” disciple of Yusuf Bey who believed the firebrand preacher was “a great man.”
Yusuf Bey, who is not related to Dahood Bey, promoted African-American empowerment while espousing racial intolerance and endorsing violence in a weekly television show. They died in 2003 awaiting trial on charges they raped girls as young as 13. Prosecutors later described their group as a gang and cult that thrived in Oakland for 30 years, committing crimes ranging from welfare fraud to torture and murder.
But all along, Yusef Bey carried on as a community leader. After running for Oakland mayor in 1994, they became a local power broker, building political connections. When Gov. Jerry Brown ran for Oakland mayor in 1998, they visited the bakery. The state Senate even passed a resolution honoring Bey. The Oakland City Council later lent them more than $1 million to start a home health aide business that quickly folded. The loan went unpaid.
It is unclear when Dahood Bey, who was born Cyrano Colar in San Francisco, joined the group. They worked as a baker, and as Yusuf Bey's driver and bodyguard, remaining at the bakery for several years after the minister's death. They were one of dozens of followers who adopted the Bey name as a sign of fidelity.
But Dahood Bey often uses other names. When they were tried for torture in 2010, they asked a judge to call them “Dahood Doe,” saying Bey portrayed them unfairly.
DMV licenses issued to them included the names Dawud Beyahed, David Shabazz and Attilla Collan. They identified themselves as “Mr. Pasha” at an Oakland City Council meeting.
The seeds of their group appear to have been planted more than a decade ago, when Yusuf Bey's brother, Abdul Rabb Muhammad, cofounded a school called the Respect for Life Institute of West Oakland at the same 27th Street storefront that now houses the temple. But the new group did not begin to coalesce until 2007, just months after the bakery collapse, when the school was renamed Elijah's University for Self-Development.
The temple still bears the name of Elijah's University, though state records show the business — officially registered to Dahood Bey's wife — was suspended for not paying taxes. The group now advertises itself in a religious newspaper and elsewhere as Your Black Muslim Temple, No. 1.
Its exterior is adorned with portraits of Nation of Islam messenger Elijah Muhammad. Dahood Bey's group is one of several around the country trying to revive Muhammad's original Depression era teachings, according to a newspaper they publish.
Karl Evanzz, who wrote a biography of Muhammad, said the Oakland temple is one of several practicing their “true teachings,” including a “bizarre notion that Caucasians are the physical embodiment of biblical devils.”
“The return to the primitive teachings of the Nation of Islam is perhaps a response to worsening racial conditions in black enclaves throughout the nation,” Evanzz said. “Groups espousing racial intolerance are typically a reaction to social or economic conditions, or both.”
Dahood Bey's followers work at several enterprises, including BMT and the restaurant. An employee roster obtained by this newspaper shows more than 30 people, split among the businesses.
None of those people appear to have state-required security guard licenses, according to records. The restaurant, called The Fish House on its menu and Cajun Hot Seafood on its sign, has no business license or health department permits, records show.
Workers are paid in cash with no taxes withheld, according to three people familiar with temple practices, but pay is often docked for missing temple meetings. Workers sometimes receive housing in lieu of money at properties the organization owns or controls.
A dispute involving a former employee living in one of them, on 31st Street, led to the February stabbing death of a BMT guard, police said.
Jesse James Taylor, 55, was being forcibly evicted from the property when they allegedly killed Francis Nwagbo, 35, according to court records and a private investigator's report released by Taylor's lawyer.
Questions are now being raised about how the organization came into control of a swath of properties near the temple.
The house and temple were once owned by prominent Berkeley real estate broker Cecil Reeves, who died last year at 90. A widower with no children, records show their estate was worth millions. They left assets to their church and the NAACP, but theirs will doesn't mention the Black Muslim temple or its leaders.
While documents show Reeves' signature on several property transactions with temple associates, endorsing their work, George King, the attorney overseeing their estate, said they doubt Reeves had anything to do with the temple.
But a handwritten note on a 2012 rental agreement for the 31st Street house — on file with Reeves' real estate company — states that Dahood Bey's mother, Rory Parker, “will use this unit for housing individuals from their congregation.”
And in a lease for the temple property filed with the Alameda County Recorder's Office, Parker stated that Reeves wanted “Elijah's University to purchase the (temple) property so we can continue our work of education, job training and housing for minority low-income residents.”
King was surprised to learn of the temple's involvement. “Cecil and I were very close,” they said. “I have no knowledge that Cecil had any knowledge of them. They certainly never mentioned them to me.”
Despite their violent past, questionable deals and harsh religious dogma, Dahood Bey seems intent on legitimizing their image. Late last year, they went to Superior Court seeking to have a felony that was part of a plea deal in the 2009 torture case reduced to a misdemeanor. They told Judge Vernon Nakahara that they were working “in the maintenance department at Elijah's University” and wanted to improve their job prospects.
Nakahara granted the request. Dahood Bey, the judge noted, appeared to be staying out of trouble.
Contact Thomas Peele at tpeele@bayareanewsgroup.com and Matt O'Brien at 510-208-6429.
Food & Drink Where to Drink in Downtown San Jose Updated On 12/06/2016 at 04:18PM EST Updated On 12/06/2016 at 04:18PM EST Share on Facebook
Tweet this article
Pin it
Email Cassie Kifer/Thrillist
Recommended Video Fork Yeah Mexico City's Ultimate Churro Spot
San Pedro Square Market 87 N San Pedro St While SPSM was inspired by urban food markets like Seattle's Pike Place Market and San Francisco's Ferry Building, don't go there for groceries -- the farmers market and specialty grocer plans never panned out. Do go for a drink, though -- it's awesome for groups, since the vendors are spread throughout two buildings surrounding a central outdoor patio, and it's a great place to watch a game (they've got TVs literally everywhere, inside and out).
The market has a few important places where you're gonna want to booze: the main bar and the Garage Bar have full bars, the Market Beer Store is a craft beer bottle shop with daily rotating drafts and bomber-size bottles, and then there's Vino Vino, an actually great wine bar with 13 keg wines that're all on tap. Coolest part: you can buy a drink at any of the bars and take it to sit anywhere on-site, inside or out.
Original Gravity 66 S 1st St This should be a beer nerd's first stop in San Jose. When it opened in 2012, it was the first place in Downtown devoted solely to craft beer and it's still a favorite. They currently have 35 taps (which change throughout the night as kegs are kicked), with plenty more available by the bottle. To alleviate the pressure up front, they just opened a second bar in the middle of the space, and they have beer garden tables out back. Oh, and the food is pretty good too: they've got a long list of specialty sausages (rabbit anyone?), duck fat fries, and grilled cheese sandwiches.
If you are feeling charitable, stop by on one of their Pints for Nonprofits nights, when local organizations are paired with different craft brewers and receive a percentage of their total beer sales.
ISO Beers 75 E Santa Clara St ISO Beers (“In Search Of Beers”) is a sleek and industrial-looking beer bar and bottle shop. It has 40 taps, including a handful on nitro, and hundreds of craft beers to-go in their large retail section. Like cider or mead? ISO Beers has more than 25 varieties. You won't find food here, but you're welcome to bring your own and eat it in the bar or on the large outdoor beer garden.
Good Karma Artisan Ales & Café 37 S 1st St OK, yes, this place started out as a quirky little vegan café, but don't be turned off. If you go inside the store, and pass the seitan-stocked deli counter, you'll find a tiny bar with one of the most eclectic craft beer selections in San Jose. Owner Ryan Summers is a huge beer fan and frequently serves rare specialty, aged, and small-batch beers from their personal collection that you won't find anywhere else.
related This New Bar Has the Very Best Views in SF
Haberdasher 43 W San Salvador St Haberdasher is the new-and-improved incarnation of the subterranean speakeasy, Singlebarrel. While the place generally looks the same, Haberdasher introduced a draft cocktail list, added a bar station, and started to accept reservations for tables -- all moves to help the drinks flow faster and an improvement from its predecessor's annoying weekend lineup. While the bar is no longer the only place in town offering well-made craft cocktails, the moody underground space is still a local favorite.
SP2 Communal Bar + Restaurant 72 N Almaden Ave SP2 wins the prize for "great spot with a bad location". They were probably open for a year before anyone even noticed they were there, as the entrance is hidden on a one-way street that doesn't get much foot traffic. It's right next to the San Pedro Square market, which is a plus, and on weekends it attracts people hopping from bar to bar, and oftentimes is a spot you'll linger at thanks to a modern outdoor patio, homemade ingredients including their bitters, and very stiff drinks. Get the Moscow Mule.
Hermitage Brewing Company 1627 S 7th St Hermitage was one of the first local craft brewers based here in San Jose. Owned by the folks behind Santa Clara County brewing pioneer Tied House in Mountain View, Hermitage brews its own line of beers and contracts with smaller, local beer brewers and soda makers from across California to brew in their facility. They've brewed for San Francisco's Almanac Beer Company and Magnolia Gastropub, plus served as incubator to startup local breweries like San Jose's Strike Brewing Company. Hermitage's tasting room, on an industrial street just South of Downtown San Jose, is right around the corner from San Jose State's Spartan Stadium. IPA lovers should try their Hoptopia Double IPA or their Citra single hop IPA. Growler lovers should fill theirs here.
Henry's Hi-Life 301 W Saint John St While most of the other spots on the list celebrate the shiny and new, Henry's Hi-Life has been a South Bay institution for more than 50 years. It's located in a historic hotel (circa 1900) that once housed Italian working-class immigrants who came to the Santa Clara Valley to work in agriculture. As a restaurant, Henry's is famous for their jumbo steaks, but being two blocks from the SAP Center, their dark and dingy bar is the most popular local place for Sharks pre-gaming. Bonus: they're also open on Sunday mornings for breakfast with a side of NFL.
related The Best Cocktail Bars in San Francisco
related Drink at the Best Bars in the Peninsula
Paper Plane 72 S. 1st St This bar, owned by two of the folks behind Original Gravity next door, offers some of the city's best craft cocktails. You'll find barrel-aged cocktails and cocktails on tap, as well as an extensive (and photogenic) floor-to-ceiling spirit shelf. The bartenders' skills are on point and will offer up just the right drink, even you give them vague and otherwise inadequate information about your likes and dislikes. The bar menu offers comfort foods like pork belly chicharrones, braised brisket toast, and artichoke mac & cheese.
Who is the greatest motorcycle roadracer ever? Giacomo Agostini, Valentino Rossi, Mike Hailwood, Angel Nieto, Jorge Lorenzo, Mick Doohan? Each era has its hero, but everyone is unanimous in recognizing the absolute role of Giacomo Agostini. The numbers speak in their favor. With 15 world titles and 122 GP wins, the Italian is widely regarded as the best rider of all time, thanks to a spectacular career in the second half of the 1960s and first part of the 1970s. For the record, Rossi has 9 titles and 112 victories, Nieto has “12+1” titles and 90 wins, while Hailwood can boast 9 world crowns and 76 wins. We chatted with “Ago” at Misano last week. Cycle World: How did you use to feel going on the track every Sunday? Giacomo Agostini: “The racetracks used to be very dangerous, but there was no choice: You raced under those conditions or you stayed home. The leathers, the helmets, the tracks, everything was different. There was no airbag as nowadays. In those times, it was not allowed to crash. I used to disappear before lining up on the starting grid. People thought that I wanted to concentrate for the race. This was true, but I was also scared to death! Some people remember the old times, highlighting the show and stating that the spectators want to see the blood. This is not true. Spectators want to see riding at the limit, breath-taking overtaking, hard battles, maybe crashes, but without consequences. At my time, there were too many tragic incidents, and the following race there were fewer spectators. Then people forget, and the crowd would return to pack the grandstands.”
CW: Exactly 50 years ago you scored your first GP win at the Nurburgring. How has roadracing changed? GA: “I have participated in the evolution of roadracing, changing according to the trends—from the black leather and bowl helmet to the bi-color leathers and the wide tires. I followed all the evolutions, and stopped before the arrival of electronics. Not only the motorbikes have changed. Technology and riding style have changed, too. Safety has taken a huge step forward. When I was racing at Daytona in 1974, I was exiting the corner at 270 km/h (168 mph) with the guardrail only a few centimeters away!” CW: Were the 500cc two-stroke bikes more difficult to ride than current MotoGP bikes? GA: “I don't think so. Maybe it's easier now to reach a certain level, but winning is as hard as it used to be in the old times. Today the electronics represents a big help for the rider, doing what we used to do with our sensitivity and talent in using the throttle. But the world goes on. We are dealing with a generation of young riders who grew up with the electronics and cannot understand that for us the ‘wrist' was very important.” CW: Speaking about two-stokes: Your decision to sign with Yamaha after having dominated with the MV Agusta four-stroke was a huge decision. GA: “It was not easy, as I was leaving my second family to work with a Japanese company. But I had to do it because in my opinion the two-stroke machines were the future. I flew to Japan and after two weeks I realized that at Yamaha I had found another family. I started to understand how they worked and how to ride a two-stroke bike. Then I won the first race at Daytona.”
CW: You made the debut at the Daytona 200, challenging King Kenny Roberts. It was the confrontation of the old and the new world. How were you welcomed? GA: “It was strange. General Motors provided me a white Chevrolet with the number 13, referred to my world titles. Kenny (Roberts) declared to the media that they were the world champion, as the USA was the reference, not Europe. I didn't answer but on Sunday I won. The first step on the podium confirmed that I was the number 1. Of course there was rivalry as Kenny was the national hero in US, but there was respect. That year, the Daytona 200 had a record number of spectators. There were airplanes coming from Italy, France, and Germany. It was a great show.” CW: How did Kenny Roberts change the style of riding? GA: “Kenny was racing in the US with the wide tires and had a very spectacular riding style: Their lines were wider and they were leaning a lot as they were used to on the American racetracks. On the contrary, in Europe we were used to frequent and fast changes of directions. Kenny introduced this “wide” riding style, which today could be compared to Lorenzo's style. It's the opposite of Marquez's style. Valentino is in between. This is the style I prefer. Kenny arrived in Europe in 1978, the year after I stopped racing. We met again on track in 1983 when I was the manager of the Yamaha team with Kenny Roberts and Eddie Lawson.”
CW:**** Who was your toughest rival? GA: “Mike Hailwood. They were a great talent. They were racing in three classes (125cc, 250cc and 500cc) and was always winning. One of the best memories I have is of battling with Mike at the Isle of Man in 1967. I was leading, but I broke my chain on the last lap. Mike won, but they invited me for dinner because they knew I could have won that day. Winning over Hailwood at the Isle of Man is not something for everybody. So this was a special day.” CW: Did the premiere class lose part of its fascination with electronics? GA: “A young rider will say it doesn't. But Valentino would say yes, as they started with the 500cc two-stroke, and they know what he's talking about. I believe the electronics limits in a way the great differences with the riders.” CW: Looking at the current MotoGP season, who will win the title? GA: “Valentino is a professional. Race after race the tension will grow, and they know how to handle it. They have the experience to make the difference and they can manage the gap on Lorenzo. This advantage for Valentino means a lot. In racing, anything can happen, but I think the title will be decided at the very last race.”
CW: Tell us a strength and a weakness for Valentino. GA: “I can only say that Rossi is a great champion.” CW: What about Jorge Lorenzo? GA: “He is also a great champion. Maybe from a psychological point of view they are a bit more fragile and emotional.” CW: And Marc Marquez? GA: “He is aggressive and hungry to win. They always attack.  They are young. Considering their age, I think it's right that they act like this instead of being conservative.” CW: Finally, who is the G.O.A.T (Greatest Of All Time)? GA: It's difficult to say. We often forget Mike Hailwood, John Surtees, even Tazio Nuvolari. Every era has its hero. I have a few records: 311 wins in total, 18 Italian Championships, 123 GP wins and 15 world titles. Valentino is very close to me with 112 GP victories. They can beat this record. Everybody likes to be number 1, so I cannot say that I'd be happy if they equal me. But if a rider has to take my record, I prefer that it's a very good rider like Valentino. Who is the greatest? Who excites the crowd today? Rossi, not me. In my time, it was me. In 20 years, we will have a new reference. But if you look at the statistics, I have more titles and more wins. So, for the moment, it's me!”
Photo #1 Maria Guidotti and Giacomo Agostini. Gigi Soldano
Photo #2 Giacomo Agostini and Lin Jarvis. Gigi Soldano
Photo #3 Marco Lucchinelli and Giacomo Agostini. Gigi Soldano
Photo #4 Andrea Iannone and Giacomo Agostini. Gigi Soldano
Photo #5 Giacomo Agostini. Cycle World Archives
Photo #6 Giacomo Agostini. Cycle World Archives
Photo #7 Giacomo Agostini and Mike Hailwood. Cycle World Archives
Photo #8 Giacomo Agostini. Cycle World Archives
HAZLET – Two people were found dead in a township home Saturday night and one of the deaths has been ruled a homicide, authorities said.
Police responded to a Peter Place residence at 7:53 p.m. and found man and woman, both 37, dead, according to Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office spokesperson Charles Webster. A medical examiner determined the woman was strangled and their death was ruled a homicide, they said.
The man's cause of death was pending further study by the medical examiner, Webster said. Their death has not been ruled a homicide, they said.
Authorities did not release the relationship between the two, but said they both lived at the residence where they were found.
The deaths prompted rumors on social media and Hazlet police posted a statement on Facebook saying there was no threat to the community.
“There are numerous rumors circulating in regards to an incident that occurred last night,” the Facebook post said. “While we cannot release any detailed information until the investigation is completed, we can assure our residents that no one is in any danger.”
The prosecutor's office also stressed that there was no ongoing public safety risk.
The investigation was continuing, Webster said.
Authorities are asking anyone with information to call prosecutor's office Detective Brian Weisbrot at 1-800- 533-7443 or the Hazlet police department at 732-264-6565. Tipsters can also contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-671-4400, by texting “MONMOUTH” and the tip to 274637 or online at www.monmouthcountycrimestoppers.com.
Ashley Peskoe may be reached at apeskoe@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @ashleypeskoe. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with Team Fortress 2. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Team Fortress 2.
Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.
Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.
Caption I have fufilled my lifelong duty of memeing Save Cancel
Created by Mr. Pockets
Last Online 17 hrs, 1 mins ago File Size Posted Size Location 0.259 MB Jan 6, 2017 @ 9:20pm 1920 x 1080 2Fort 97 Unique Visitors 0 Current Favorites
be another vote on it for ‘at least a generation'
Published: 01:37 GMT, 8 December 2015 | Updated: 07:52 GMT, 8 December 2015
George Osborne has ruled out a second independence referendum for Scotland, saying the SNP MPs were a ‘noisy and aggressive block' in the House of Commons.
On a whirlwind tour of New York, the Chancellor and aspiring Prime Minister told foreign policy experts that there would not be another vote on separation ‘at least for a generation'.
They insisted there was no appetite in Scotland to overturn the decisive vote in favour of staying in the UK.
Scroll down for video
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +3 No second chances: Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne, pictured last week, said there would not be another vote on Scottish independence for ‘at least a generation'
‘In terms of the referendum, certainly the Scottish nationalists are not asking for another referendum. And it was agreed before we had the referendum that the outcome would be decisive and that would settle the issue at least for a generation, if not for people's lifetimes,' they told the Council on Foreign Relations think tank.
‘As far as I am concerned, the deal done before the referendum is the deal that should stay after the referendum.'
Mr Osborne's remarks are significant as they are currently the frontrunner to replace David Cameron as Prime Minister.
They suggest they will resist any moves to break up the Union by Nationalists.
In a remark that will infuriate the new SNP intake, they said: ‘They are a noisy and aggressive block in the House of commons that are not trying to be part of the UK government and that is a departure.'
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +3 Made their bed: Osborne insisted there was no appetite in Scotland to overturn the decisive vote in favour of staying in the UK
Mr Osborne told foreign policy experts: ‘It would be a real tragedy if Scotland left the United Kingdom. Thankfully, the Scottish people by a majority chose not to do that in the referendum.'
They added that the September 2014 referendum had been held because of the demands of the SNP government.
‘We could have either had a protracted constitutional row about that or we could have said ‘let's have a referendum'.'
They added: ‘We got a clear result', with 55 per cent in favour of staying in.'
Public opinion had not shifted but Scots have overwhelmingly voted for the SNP in the Westminster elections, wiping out the Labour party in Scotland, they said.
That represented an opportunity for the Scottish Tories, they said.
‘Whether that ends up being some kind of settled position of Scotland, where they elect a nationalist government but don't want to leave the UK, I don't know. Certainly if anything it's an opportunity for the Conservative party to rebuild itself in Scotland a little.'
Mr Osborne is echoing Mr Cameron, who also insisted shortly after the general election that there would be no second vote on independence.
On May 10, just days after winning a slim majority at Westminster, aided partly by the SNP winning 56 out of 59 seats in Scotland, Mr Cameron said: ‘We had a referendum. Respect and trust should be at the heart of our system and that's what we did, and Scotland voted emphatically to stay in the United Kingdom, which I think was an affirmation of what a great country this is.'
They said Nicola Sturgeon had not been pushing for another ballot and added: ‘Now what we need to do is bring the United Kingdom together.'
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon wants to win over pro-UK votes v f Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% w 00:00 f Play LIVE d Mute w 00:00 Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 t Fullscreen g Need Text Video Quality j n l h m k i Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Minimize u Expand t Close ×
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +3 Prince of Cameron: Osborne is currently the frontrunner to replace David Cameron as Prime Minister.
But Alex Salmond, Miss Sturgeon's predecessor as First Minister, has been more vocal about calling for a second referendum.
They were initially slapped down for their interventions, but Miss Sturgeon themselves has suggested ‘triggers' for another ballot.
These include pulling out of the EU or Westminster scrapping the Human Rights Act.
In New York, Mr Osborne also set out their views on Syria, saying there was ‘no appetite' for British troops on the ground in Syria.
British air strikes were not the answer alone but they insisted they would help degrade the jihadi organisation.
They said it was a ‘source of real pride' for them that MPs had overwhelmingly backed air strikes in Syria against Islamic State.
They added: ‘Britain has got its mojo back and we are going to be with you as we reassert Western values, confident that our best days lie ahead.'
The Commons defeat Prime Minister David Cameron suffered over action in Syria against Bashar Assad's brutal regime in 2013 was a ‘striking moment', Mr Osborne said.
‘The House of Commons did not agree with the proposition that David Cameron and myself and my colleagues in the Conservative leadership put forward and it was quite a striking moment,” they told the think tank.
It was a moment when Britain was unable to follow the lead asked of it by our Prime Minister and the government.”
They added that it was difficult to see a long-term future for Syria with President Assad at the helm but added: ‘that does not mean the entire Syrian regime has to go'.
Mr Osborne also urged whoever became President of the United States not to shirk their ‘responsibility' to be a world leader, adding that while intervention had a price, so did not intervene in global affairs.
‘I would say don't give up that leadership role because the world needs you,' they said.
To help counter the skeptics, the Saudis flew a contingent of journalists from Jidda, on the Red Sea coast, to Khurais last week. The tour was largely a scripted one, with little opportunity to wander the grounds or verify official claims.
Still, one thing is clear: a gargantuan effort is under way here at the heart of the Arabian desert, with some 20,000 helmet-clad laborers working long shifts in 110-degree heat. What was an empty expanse of rust-colored sand just over two years ago is now a town-size industrial plant. Its basic structures appear to be complete already, including stadium-size storage tanks and a mile-long pipe rack that is four stories tall.
“We are sometimes criticized for not being more forthcoming about our oil,” said Amin Nasser, senior vice president for production and exploration at Aramco, the national oil company, during a slide show presentation in a staff compound here. “But our actions have been louder than our words, despite all the criticism and the cynics.”
The Saudis have long been a force for moderation in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, arguing that soaring prices simply promote conservation and fuel-switching strategies that could ultimately hurt oil producers the most. As the former Saudi oil minister, Sheik Ahmed Zaki Yamani, likes to say, the Stone Age did not end because we ran out of stones.
So they have used their dominant position in OPEC to act as the “swing” producer, raising and lowering production as needed to keep prices steady and to ensure that the oil age continues. But lately, their power has been threatened by surging world demand that has eliminated most of the gap between supply and demand. The Khurais field, they hope, will help restore that margin.
Photo
Mr. Nasser and other Aramco officials described a project whose dimensions boggle the mind. Starting in June 2009, the field will produce 1.2 million barrels a day, enough to satisfy the expected growth in global demand next year. The Saudis say they are investing more than $10 billion, with 26 contractors, 106 subcontractors and 28,000 employees. It is the largest piece of a five-year, $60 billion effort to expand oil production capacity at a time of fast-rising demand.
A company tour of the main processing zone had a surreal, theatrical air. As the journalists stared out through the windows of their air-conditioned bus, hundreds of south Asian workers stopped work to stare back, their sun-protection masks and dark glasses making them look like Hollywood extraterrestrials. It was impossible to know if the site had been prepared for the journalists' tour.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Beyond the buildings, gas flares blurred the horizon, in a forbidding landscape punctuated only by low reddish dunes and a few scattered shrubs.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Khurais complex, which includes two smaller adjacent fields, was discovered in 1957. It got only limited use, because its oil is less accessible than that of the great Ghawar field, the world's largest.
Now the Saudis are deploying an extraordinary engineering effort to bring Khurais's mile-deep oil to the surface. Seawater will be carried through new pipelines from the Persian Gulf and injected into oil-bearing rock to pressure the oil upward. Usually Aramco pumps seawater into a field only after several years of production, and some skeptics point to this as a reason to doubt that Khurais will live up to its billing. But Mr. Nasser said the huge seawater injection system at Khurais was about cost and logistics, not a sign of a weak field.
Once extracted, the oil will be stored in three 600,000-barrel tanks — each looks as big as the Colosseum — before being transported in pipelines that carry five million barrels a day and run across Saudi Arabia, from the Red Sea to the Persian Gulf.
The elaborate safety precautions to protect the field include fences and crash barriers, government troops and even dogs. Once it is complete, workers at the complex will live in a nearby condominium complex with high-rise buildings, tennis courts and a swimming pool.
During their presentation, Aramco officials acknowledged that they faced unusual challenges here, including a plan of daunting complexity in a tight contractor market. There are also risks: if the current high prices drive down demand, the Saudis could find their market for all this oil shrinking.
But they said they were on schedule or ahead of it, with the pipeline network 88 percent complete and the main processing plant 55 percent done. They also vehemently disputed the claims of oil-supply skeptics.
A variety of new technologies, including multiple lateral wells and microscopic robots swimming through rock pores deep underground, will allow the company to start recovering much more of the oil in its fields, said Mohammed Saggaf, who runs Aramco's advanced exploration research wing. The company expects to increase the amount of oil it can recover from its fields to 70 percent from 50 percent over the next 20 years, Mr. Saggaf said, adding another 80 billion barrels to reserves.
With all this oil becoming available, the Aramco officials said they were baffled that the market seemed to be behaving as though there were a shortage.
“We've asked all the international oil companies that buy from us if they want more oil,” Mr. Nasser said. “But we can't find customers.”
Camping is great fun. I've done a lot of it, but rarely in "proper" camp sites, with a bar, showers, toilet block, cafe, and all the rest of it.
The type of camping I've mostly done is the middle-of-nowhere, roughing-it kind of outdoor life. And nothing can compare. I spent 10 weeks camping all over outer Mongolia, for example - from the Gobi desert, via the central-Mongolian grasslands, up to the northern Taiga forest, near Lake Hovsgol.
Camping in a place where you can see and hear not a single trace of humanity is a very special experience. No roads, no buildings, no fences, no domesticated animals, and no people. Most of Mongolia is like that, open and public land, with wild horses, camels, deer, and many other animals.
Spectacular as the experience was, digging a hole in the ground to go to the toilet, washing (and swimming) in rivers and lakes to get clean, going to bed when the sun sets, and cooking on a gas camping stove can get a bit tiresome.
Our camping experience was in 2000. Taking devices such as camping lights which needed batteries wasn't much of an option - as well as being environmentally dodgy, there was no chance of charging batteries (no electricity for weeks) and throw-away batteries would have been both expensive and wasteful. So we had a torch, a camping stove, and that was that.
Technology has moved on significantly since then, and there are some fantastic solar-powered camping kits which allow you to use the natural solar energy to have a warm shower, to cook, or to light up your evenings.
This article looks at some of those products, how they work, and which ones are more trouble than they are worth. Solar powered camping has a great future!
Advisors to US President Barack Obama hosted distributed ledger banking consortium R3CEV and three other bitcoin and blockchain industry representatives at the National Academy of Sciences in Washington, DC earlier this month.
Participating in the event were R3 managing director Tim Grant; Jerry Brito, executive director of non-profit advocacy group Coin Center; Joseph Bonneau, a researcher for the Applied Crypto Group at Stanford University; and Simon Johnson, professor of entrepreneurship at the MIT Sloan School of Management.
For over an hour on 20th May, the panel gave an overview of the technology to the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, answering questions about its current and potential impact on the US economy.
In conversation with CoinDesk, Grant said the event showcases how the President's technology advisors want to stay informed on blockchain and distributed ledger developments.
Grant said:
“What that means remains to be seen. But it leaves no doubt that it has reached the White House.”
A full recording of the event can be found here.
Lessons to the White House
Established in 1976, the Office of Science and Technology convenes its advisors throughout the year to “augment the science and technology advice available to [the President] from inside the White House and from cabinet departments and other Federal Agencies,” according to the event's official agenda.
In attendance at the event were council co-chair and assistant to the president for science and technology John Holdren and Google executive chairperson Eric Schmidt, among about two dozen others.
During a private lunch following the session, panelists answered questions from the advisors about blockchain technology, according to Grant.
Notably, members were said to be especially curious about the cryptographic nature of the technology and the potential role blockchain could play to minimize the likelihood of another Lehman Brothers-style collapse of the economy – a subject highlighted during R3's presentation at the event.
“The general takeaway is that this in now very much on the radar of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology,” said Grant. “And that they are keen to continue being updated on this tech for all aspects of the economy. That came out loud and clear.”
Grant told CoinDesk:
“I felt like I had a duty to express a balanced view of where we are in this distributed ledger community.”
Image via Shutterstock
Ukraine's former Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk is currently touring European capitals calling on the EU to maintain its sanctions against Russia. This is in the face of what even Yatsenyuk admits is growing opposition to sanctions in Europe and growing EU “Ukraine fatigue”.
What is being little said is that the actual effectiveness of the sanctions has already eroded significantly.
The sectoral sanctions which the EU imposed in July 2014 – the sanctions which matter – come in three groups: (1) a prohibition on the supply of sophisticated technology to the Russian oil industry, (2) limits on the sale of “dual use” technology (ie. technology that can be used in military design and development), and (3) a ban on borrowing by certain designated Russian banks and companies in European financial markets via debt instruments of a period of more than 30 days.
Of these sanctions only the third group of sanctions is important.
The halving of oil prices since mid 2014 has rendered the first group of sanctions essentially irrelevant since exploration and investment in new oil fields everywhere in the world has basically come to a stop. The Russians can in time anyway develop analogous technologies for themselves.
The same is also certainly true of so-called “dual use” technologies covered by the second group of sanctions, which the Russians would certainly anyway want to develop for themselves.
Both the first and second groups of sanctions ultimately rest on the fallacy that Russia is a technologically primitive country. This is a fallacy that has been repeatedly proved to be untrue but which no amount of contrary evidence ever seems able to shake. As it is what the first and second groups of sanctions actually do is play into the hands of those in Russia who insist on the country pursuing an import substitution policy.
By contrast the third group of sanctions, the ones that limit borrowing Russian banks and companies, has made a real difference. Not only have Russian banks and companies been unable to raise additional funding in the West but the sanctions have prevented them from rolling over their existing external debt, obliging them to pay off their debt more quickly.
In the context of reduced cash flows caused by the fall in oil prices that has undoubtedly led to investment being cut, and to greater pressure on the rouble as Russian companies have been forced to convert their rouble earnings into dollars and euros to pay foreign debt.
It is this third group of sanctions which however are now eroding away.
The Central Bank has said that after falling rapidly in 2014 and 2015 from a peak of $733 billion in July 2014 to $518 billion in January 2016, aggregate Russian external debt increased from $518 billion in January 2016 to $521 billion in July 2016. This despite the fact that debt repayments for the whole of 2016 are in the order of $67 billion, with March being the heaviest month for repayment.
The fact that Russia's aggregate foreign debt is now essentially stable is probably down to two factors. Firstly, it is believed that as much as half of the total debt repayments by Russian corporates which are due in 2016 are repayments of ‘intra-group' debts, where Russian firms borrow from closely-linked Russian owned entities registered offshore for the purpose of tax efficiency.
Such ‘debts' obviously are not real debts at all and are not affected by the sanctions, and can be easily rolled over, and it is likely that most of them are. However it seems that there has also been a small increase in actual borrowing by Russian companies, some of it in the form of bonds.
That this may indeed be the case, with foreign investors returning to the Russian market, is suggested by figures the Central Bank has released for Foreign Direct Investment (“FDI”) into Russia. Before sanctions this was running as of 2014 at roughly $6 billion to $15 billion a quarter. It then fell to zero after sanctions were imposed. However in the second quarter of 2016 FDI was again $6 billion.
This does not mean that the effect of the sanctions has entirely ended. However they are not as heavy a burden on the Russian economy as they once were.
What's the right thing to say when a "dieting" friend tries to stop me from eating in front of them because it makes them uncomfortable. They aren't really on a diet. They mainly eat whatever they want to eat but-- they make sure I don't eat any more than they are eating. if we were to be eating ice cream together and I decide to eat more, they would try to stop me anyway they can. I guess I can put up with eating ones scope less of ice cream but you see the problem here right?
Asked by
nopennorpaper-blog
To me, the important thing about remaining friends with people who have food issues is boundaries. I suppose you can tell them that their behavior when you eat out together is making you uncomfortable, and suggest that maybe when you go out you choose an activity that doesn't involve food, or else each agree not to comment whatsoever on what the other person eats and simply enjoy each other's company.
Basically, it's not unheard of for people to have food issues, whatever they might be, and that what you're eating might trigger those issues. But sympathy for someone's issues doesn't mean you need to/should change your behavior because of them (that is entirely up to you). I don't think requiring boundaries to be set in this case makes you a bad friend. It just means that you're respecting your own wishes and desires, and always being your own best friend, first.
-ATL
CLOSE ASU Vice President of Athletics Ray Anderson discusses the decision to fire football coach Todd Graham on Sunday.
Herm Edwards was the head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs from 2006-2008. (Photo: Julie Scheidegger/USA TODAY Sports)
Arizona State is poised to hire former NFL coach Herm Edwards as its new football coach provided school President Michael Crow agrees with the selection.
Crow is returning from a trip to Asia and will meet with Edwards and ASU Vice President for Athletics Ray Anderson over the weekend. If all goes well, an announcement could be made early next week.
It's been less than a week since ASU's decision not to retain Todd Graham, but Edwards' acceleration from an Anderson adviser to presumptive top candidate speaks to the close relationship between the two long-time friends. When Anderson was an agent, before working as an NFL executive, they represented Edwards.
Indications on Wednesday, as Edwards made the rounds on national and local sports talk radio, was that they would be offered the job unless Crow vetoes the move because of negative feedback from key boosters. The fact that Edwards never was a head coach on the college level, or coached at all since 2008, are concerns for some in the ASU community.
REACTION: Pundits blast ASU football's possible pick of Herm Edwards
Edwards acknowledged that they are interviewing with ASU, and there was nothing to suggest their media tour was designed to misdirect the public in order to hide another candidate.
"I've gotten a lot of calls in my career here on television (as an analyst), answered them and said no thank you," Edwards said on Arizona Sports 98.7 FM. "This is one that there is a connection with the AD there, Ray Anderson and myself, that I owe them to come down there and speak. That's where it's at."
A source close to ASU described Edwards as "itching to get into coaching again" and anxious to work with Anderson.
Edwards, 63, was 54-74 in the their NFL head coaching career with the New York Jets (2001-05) and Kansas City Chiefs (2006-08). They played in the NFL from 1977-86 and was an assistant coach at San Jose State (1987-89) before moving into pro coaching.
Edwards has not coached since being fired by the Chiefs, working since 2009 as an ESPN analyst.
"Sometimes people assume because you're on television that you're not coaching football," Edwards said on Arizona Sports. "Because you're talking about football, you're analyzing football. I've seen a lot of college campuses, teams I've spoken team, I coached Under Armour All-American game for eight years. So there's a connection there with me and players."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Can't wait to read sports news? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Edwards also addressed their interest in the ASU coaching position on ESPN SportsCenter on Wednesday.
MOORE: Questions about possible Herman Edwards hire at ASU
"This is a place where, Ray Anderson is there, I know the man," they said. "We have the same kind of philosophy on things we want to do. So I'm going to go down there and have a conversation."
Could Herm Edwards be ASU's next football coach? (Photo: Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports)
During a news conference Sunday to announce the firing of ASU coach Todd Graham, Anderson said they preferred a coach with head-coaching experience. They also said they wanted the new hire to embrace the possibility of retaining offensive coordinator Billy Napier and defensive coordinator Phil Bennett.
Will they get back into coaching?
"It has to be the right fit," Edwards said on SportsCenter. "Coaching is about fits."
ASU on Sunday fired Graham just hours after the Sun Devils defeated rival Arizona to finish 7-5 and 6-3 in the Pac-12. The move will cost ASU more than $12 million, Graham's buyout that covers the rest of their contract.
At the news conference, Anderson said they will lean on their relationships in the profession to help select ASU's next coach. Several sources told azcentral sports that Edwards, along with former NFL coach Tony Dungy, is among them, but they aren't believed to be a candidate until recently.
Edwards has coached for several years at the Under Armour All-American game. They talked about that on SportsCenter Wednesday.
"Believe it or not, that is one of the funnest weeks I have," Edwards said. "Every year, I look forward to coaching that game. Why? It's young, talented players to come out of high school."
YOUR TAKE: Readers sound off Herm Edwards' ASU football coach candidacy
GREG MOORE: Edwards the right fit for ASU football, and Ray Anderson's logical choice
BICKLEY: ASU football needs a home-run hire before Graham backlash gets worse
Federal court finds senator for Western Australia bankrupt, which effectively disqualifies them from sitting in parliament
Senator Rod Culleton has been declared bankrupt by the federal court in Perth, which would disqualify them from parliament, but they have vowed to fight on.
Culleton, who was elected as part of Pauline Hanson's One Nation before quitting the party this week, was found bankrupt following action taken by a creditor.
Bob Katter says Rodney Culleton would be 'very valuable' to their party Read more
Under Section 44 of the Australian constitution, a person is not allowed to continue as a member of federal parliament if they or they are an undischarged bankrupt or insolvent.
“You've just executed me … before I bleed to death,” Culleton was heard to say to the judge after the decision. “You have just given my estate away.”
The WA district court had ordered Senator Culleton to pay former Wesfarmers director Dick Lester $205,536 in 2013, which has since increased to $280,000, over unpaid rent relating to a $13.2m property acquisition deal in 2009 that went sour.
Culleton was granted a 21-day stay on the bankruptcy order, in which time they can appeal to the full bench of the federal court.
“I am satisfied that the respondent debtor committed the act of bankruptcy alleged in the creditor's petition,” Justice Michael Barker said. “None of the various grounds of objection of the respondent debtor are made out.”
Culleton was visibly frustrated by the decision and told reporters outside court that they were already prepared for an appeal.
“We've still got legal avenues so we can appeal,” they said. “I can still stand as a senator and I'll fight it to the end. This is my livelihood, not only for me, but for my children.”
Culleton described their situation as being in a legal rip.
“I'll just float on my back for a while and swim to the side because I'm not bankrupt at the moment,” they said. “I'm not going to panic, I've been in these positions before and come out of it.”
Culleton's Senate seat was already under a cloud because of a separate legal matter being heard in the high court over hiseligibility to contest the 2 July election following a larceny conviction, which was later annulled.
Senator Culleton quit One Nation on Sunday and Senator Hanson said they were pleased to see them go describing them as a pain in their backside.
Hanson said it was time for Culleton to step down from the Senate.
Pauline Hanson (@PaulineHansonOz) I feel sorry for Rod Culleton & their family but this was the right ruling. I hope they now act honourably & steps down with dignity #auspol
They insist they want to remain in the Senate as an independent but One Nation is keen to retain their seat.
If Culleton loses their appeal, and the bankruptcy order takes effect, Senate President Stephen Parry will have to wait until the outcome of a separate legal matter in the high court, before notifying the West Australian governor on how to fill the vacancy.
The high court matter is a legal challenge over Culleton's eligibility to contest the July 2 election following a larceny conviction, which was later annulled.
If the high court rules their election is invalid then it would declare the position vacant and there could be a vote recount ordered which may result in them being replaced by their brother-in-law Peter Georgiou, who was number two on the One Nation senate ticket in WA.
If the court finds they were eligible to stand, then there would be a casual vacancy under section 15 of the constitution and One Nation would be able to nominate another person for the seat.
• Australian Associated Press contributed to this report
Image copyright AP Image caption Gosling was on stage when the winner was corrected
You may remember Ryan Gosling trying and spectacularly failing to hold back their giggles at the Oscars last month.
The La La Land actor was seen laughing on stage when the wrong film was announced as best picture.
But they have now explained that they were just relieved that the commotion wasn't the result of something more serious.
"I thought there was some kind of medical situation, and I had this worst-case scenario playing out in my head," they said.
"And then I just heard Moonlight won and I was so relieved that I started laughing."
La La Land had mistakenly been announced as the winner before a flurry of floor managers took to the stage to clarify that Moonlight had actually won the night's biggest prize.
Image copyright AP Image caption Gosling spoke at the Adobe Summit in Las Vegas on Wednesday
Gosling described the "surreal" situation after the error came to light.
"I was watching people start to have this panicked reaction in the crowd," they told the Adobe Summit in Las Vegas.
"Guys were coming on with headsets and I felt like someone had been hurt."
They added: "Truthfully, I was also so thrilled that Moonlight won. It's such a groundbreaking film, made for a million dollars, and incredible achievement and I'm so happy for them that they were being recognised."
The mix-up might have made them laugh at the time, but there were later reports that their face "looked like thunder" after the ceremony.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Sheriff Dupnik: Rush Limbaugh call-out nearly crashed our system (video)
By David Nakamura
Among the breakout figures - including astronaut Mark Kelly, intern Daniel Hernandez, and Dr. Peter Rhee -- to gain national acclaim in the wake of the Tucson shooting tragedy, none has developed the controversial, love-hate appeal of Pima County Sheriff Clarence W. Dupnik.
Dupnik was cheered loudly by the crowd at the memorial service last Thursday at the University of Arizona that featured President Obama. But they have also received boos and hate mail, Dupnik acknowledged in a sit-down interview with Washington Post reporters Sari Horwitz and David Nakamura this week. They said talk show host Rush Limbaugh encouraged listeners to email the sheriff's office and "tell them what you think" and the department's computers nearly crashed after angry emails began flooding in.
Then again, they also told the Post they had received a supportive call from Ethel Kennedy, the widow of Bobby Kennedy who remains a fierce gun control advocate.
Watch and listen to what they told us:
Since the first hours of the incident, Dupnik has appeared on television far and wide, doing what law enforcement officials often try hard to avoid: injecting personal opinions and politics into a high-profile criminal case with sensitive evidence.
In a nationally televised news conference after the shooting, Dupnik said: "I'd just like to say that when you look at unbalanced people, how they are - how they respond to the vitriol that comes out of certain mouths, about tearing down the government, the anger, the hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous."
As the Post's Peter Wallsten wrote last week Dupnik, 75, who has been the sheriff for three decades, is no stranger to controversy. They loudly opposed Arizona's strict new immigration laws, calling them "racist." Since the shooting, they have been critical of the political right, including Sarah Palin, for pumping up rhetoric and creating an environment that could lead unstable people to violence.
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday, April 19, 2010
Bill Clinton, the Southern Poverty Law Center and almost the entire corporate media are not letting a good opportunity go to waste today – by dancing on the graves of 168 victims and exploiting the 15th anniversary of the false flag Oklahoma City Bombing to demonize their political enemies, the Internet, and anyone who dares to express dissent against the federal government.
The propaganda putsch coincides with FBI head Robert Mueller stating that right-wing extremist groups and anti-government militias now represent as big a terror threat as Al-Qaeda, as the whole apparatus of the war on terror is shifted to target Americans increasingly angry at the egregious corruption in government and the global economy as their standard of living plummets and their pension funds are under threat of seizure.
It also dovetails President Obama's hyping last week of the threat posed by individuals acquiring nuclear weapons, a claim top nuclear experts like Henry Sokolski have derided as overstated and not based on any new intelligence.
Obama's warning arrives shortly after FEMA was forced to scale back a simulated nuclear bomb attack by terrorists in Las Vegas that was set to involve 10,000 emergency responders, U.S. troops and officials in role playing exercises.
Former President Bill Clinton told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Friday that they are worried rising anger at the federal government could lead to another OKC bombing, implying that people who use the Internet to express dissent will be to blame for the violence.
Clinton's exploitation of the Oklahoma City bombing anniversary is being parroted across the establishment media as if it's just a year or two since the attack on the Alfred P. Murrah building. Clearly, such intense coverage of an incident that took place fifteen years ago is being done to keep the heat on the millions of Americans who distrust the federal government in the continuing effort to portray them as domestic terrorists.
A key facet of this PR campaign is to reinforce the official story behind the Oklahoma City Bombing, that the attack was carried out by right-wing anti-government extremists and a similar tragedy could strike again unless the Internet is censored and Constitutionalists, tea party members, libertarians and anyone who expresses dissent are harassed and have their free speech revoked.
The top story on the SPLC's website today also invokes the OKC bombing as a lesson through which to refocus attention on “right-wing extremists”.
“April 19 marks the 15th anniversary of the bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City – the worst single act of domestic terrorism in our nation's history and a grim reminder of the fruits of right-wing radicalism. The anniversary comes as the antigovernment militia movement is experiencing a resurgence,” states the SPLC website.
There can be little doubt that the American people are being manipulated to accept the inevitability that right-wing militias and lone wolf extremists are preparing another attack, and that the culprit for the violence will be talk radio, the Internet, and the widespread dissent now being displayed against the federal government.
Don't be surprised if the feds activate their networks of paid provocateurs and stooges to stage yet another false flag attack that will be used to silence the free speech of the government's most prominent critics.
As part of this propaganda effort, MSNBC will today air “The McVeigh Tapes: Confessions of an American Terrorist,” where viewers will hear for the first time Timothy McVeigh admitting that they carried out the attack. What they won't hear is McVeigh admitting, as they explained in a letter to their sister prior to the attack, that they were working at the behest of the federal government when they detonated the bomb that tore apart the Alfred P. Murrah building.
“In a Oct. 20 letter, McVeigh wrote their sister that they and nine other soldiers had been taken to a private intelligence briefing at Fort Bragg, where they were told they could be required to participate in government-sanctioned assassinations and government-sponsored drug trafficking,” reported the New York Times on July 1 1998.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In reality, as anyone who has done five minutes research into the OKC bombing will understand, the official story crumbles on the merest hint of casual examination.
While the media, the SPLC, the ADL and similar organizations are happy to play the Timothy McVeigh card over and over again, they are less enthusiastic to mention the fact that McVeigh planned their deadly assault on the Alfred P. Murrah building under the intimate direction of a high-level FBI official, according to McVeigh's co-conspirator Terry Nichols, a claim voluminously backed up by a plethora of evidence that has been presented in court on several occasions.
The SPLC fear-mongering machine has long claimed the patriot movement is associated with white supremacists and militias and may engage in violence. In fact, there is plenty of evidence that the SPLC itself has “enabled” the miniscule and completely irrelevant white supremacist movement in order to magnify the ludicrous threat they claim these fringe groups pose.
In 2004, a declassified FBI memo obtained by an Oklahoma newspaper revealed that the SPLC had operatives inside the Identity settlement in Elohim City, Oklahoma. “References to an informant working for the SPLC at Elohim City on the eve of the Oklahoma City bombing raises serious questions as to what the SPLC might know about McVeigh's activities during the final hours before the fuse was lit in Oklahoma City – but which the SPLC has failed to disclose publicly,” the Daily Gazette reported.
Fifteen years after the Oklahoma City Bombing, the establishment is using the same tactics in an effort to make history repeat itself, by obsessing about the supposed extremist threat, which is clearly part of an attempt to prod and provocateur any potential nutcases out there into convincing themselves to become the next Timothy McVeigh, if not merely a prelude to the government itself using patsies to carry out an attack as they did with McVeigh.
The salacious media storm surrounding “Jihad Jane” and the Hutaree militia is completely unjustified from an objective perspective and indeed, had these stories occurred when Bush was in office they wouldn't have received one tenth of the attention.
No matter whether such terror plots are genuine or contrived, they only get press coverage when they complement the targeting of whichever group the establishment is trying to demonize at that particular time.
Consider the case of Joel Henry Hinrichs III, a young white man who killed themselves on October 1 2005 when they detonated a suicide bomb on the University of Oklahoma (OU) main campus just 200 yards west of Oklahoma Memorial Stadium, where 84,501 spectators were attending a football game.
This happened a few months after the 7/7 London bombings, which were blamed on radicalized Muslim terrorists. Merely because the media at that time was obsessed with demonizing Muslims as terrorists, the story received next to no attention. Imagine if a white American were to blow themselves up in Oklahoma in 2010, do you think the media would be interested? The establishment only plays up terror plots when they feed into the agenda they are pursuing, which is a pretty big clue as to who is behind provocateuring such incidents in the first place.
While hyping the deadly threat posed by violent right-wing extremists, the government itself is paying people to pose as right-wing extremists and make violent threats.
Remember, it was the feds, paid for with your tax dollars, who directed phony right-wing radio host Hal Turner to make death threats against federal judges in Illinois and lawmakers in Connecticut.
The supposed white supremacist worked for the agency from 2002 until 2007. “His job was basically to publish information which would cause other parties to act in a manner which would lead to their arrest,” Michael Orozco told the Associated Press.
Netflix-Facebook Sharing Bill Clears Senate, Waiting for Obama's Okay
Want to tell your Facebook pals what you're watching on Netflix? Netflix wants to help you do that.
And it's now very close to doing that for American users: The U.S. Senate has passed a bill that would give the video service the go-ahead to facilitate “frictionless sharing” of users' viewing history with Facebook or other online services.
The House passed the same legislation earlier in the week, which means it now just needs a signature from President Barack Obama.
Facebook has pushing for the legislation, designed to update the 1988 Video Privacy Protection Act, for more than a year.
Outside of the U.S., the service has already integrated directly with Facebook; Netflix CEO Reed Hastings is a Facebook board member.
Here's Netflix PR rep Joris Evers, via email: “We are pleased the Senate has moved quickly to modernize the VPPA, giving consumers more freedom to share with friends when they want. After the President signs the bill, we will introduce social features for our U.S. members in 2013.”
While Project CARS has been the subject of much hype following the announcement of PS4 and Xbox One versions, developer Slightly Mad Studios isn't ignoring the other formats. In fact, when GamingBolt spoke creative director Andy Tudor, they believed that Project CARS would serve to demonstrate the Wii U's true capabilities.
Asked if the Wii U's lesser specs would undermine the game's key selling point, the visuals, Tudor responded, “No, if anything I think it'll showcase the hidden power that the Wii U has. There's no equivalent of Project CARS on Wii U, yet we hear the shouts from Nintendo fans loud and clear that they can't wait to get their hands on this kind of experience so we hope to make them proud with the quality of the visuals.
“Sure there are maybe more stringent technical constraints but the same core experience will remain, plus additional features that take advantage of the controller's unique second screen and touch interface.”
 They are right about the console having no equivalent to Project CARS, what with major third party developers skipping the Wii U for one reason or another. We'll find out how Project CARS performs when it releases in Q3/Q4 of 2014.
Every year, Len and Cal — two thoughtful partners in a law firm — have to evaluate a handful of direct reports and assign them end-of-year bonuses. Both Len and Cal take this responsibility very seriously, as their decisions are consequential for their subordinates and their firm. In most respects the influences on Len's and Cal's decision making appear similar: they both follow the same company policies and norms, and they both have similar backgrounds and pedigrees. Yet the outcomes of their bonus decisions are remarkably different: over the years, Len's female employees have consistently received a greater share of the bonus pool, compared with Cal's female employees.
One difference between Len and Cal is that Len is liberal and Cal is conservative. But why would their political views matter when they allocate bonuses to their male and female reports?
Len and Cal are fictional characters, but they represent the findings of our research (forthcoming in the Academy of Management Journal) on one large U.S. corporate law firm, which indicates that the political values of managers can be a powerful influence on how they allocate bonuses.
A large body of research has uncovered how political values shape decisions in our day-to-day lives, from what we buy to where we live to what types of leisure activities we take up. Politics and work, however, have been viewed as distinct spheres of life, making it challenging to unpack the extent to which these values seep into decision-making at the office. After all, managers often do not disclose their political leanings at work.
To overcome this challenge, we gathered publicly available donations data from the Federal Election Commission. We determined the political ideology of 119 managers working within our sample law firm by finding how each person contributed to either Republican or Democratic campaigns from 1990 to 2014. We looked at how much, how often, and for how long they contributed to each party. In this way, we identified where on the liberal-versus-conservative continuum each partner fell. For example, a partner who donated 80% to Republicans and 20% to Democrats would be coded as conservative, but not as conservative as a partner who donated 100% to Republicans. (In our sample, there were more liberal than conservative partners in the firm, and there were more males than female associates, although at low levels of seniority, the numbers were close to equal.)
Do Political Donations Really Tell You How Liberal Or Conservative Someone Is? The methodology we used in this study is based on a validated technique used by M.K. Chin, Donald C. Hambrick, and Linda K. Trevino in a 2013 paper published by Administrative Science Quarterly. They developed the technique and used it to estimate how liberal and conservative CEOs were, giving each a score based on the same methods we're using here. To validate this method, they then asked a different group of executives to take a survey identifying how liberal or conservative they were on a seven-point scale (Very Conservative, Moderately Conservative, Slightly Conservative, Middle of Political Spectrum, Slightly Liberal, Moderately Liberal, Very Liberal). They then calculated scores for those executives based on their political donations — just as they did with the CEOs. Their work showed a .51 positive correlation between the index and self-identified political ideology. As a reminder, -1 shows a negative correlation, 0 is no correlation, and +1 is perfect correlation; typically, any correlation above .4 between a single-item survey and a composite index is considered valid. So, while not perfectly precise, this method has been found to be a moderate indicator of political ideology.
We then used the data we had collected to see if there was an association between a manager's political values and how they allocated bonuses to their male and female direct reports. As in most professional service firms, supervising managers in this firm evaluate their direct reports, and those evaluations feed directly into reward and promotion decisions. To capture the end result of this process, we gathered the annual bonus allocation decisions for all the firm's associates (359 in total) from 2002 to 2007, and linked those to the partners supervising them each year.
What we found
Our findings revealed a gender gap in bonuses given to men and women that was minimal for partners at the liberal end of the ideological spectrum but much larger at the conservative end. Under the most conservative managers (those who only donated to Republican campaigns), men received nearly $5,000 more, on average, in annual bonuses than women. Importantly, these findings could not be explained away by differences in associates' backgrounds or work efforts, including their billable hours.
This effect was even greater for law firm associates who had more seniority and worked for conservative partners. Under the most conservative managers, experienced men received over $15,000 more in annual bonuses, on average, than comparably experienced women. In contrast, the gap was smaller for newer employees. It's worth noting that we found these effects even after accounting for the increase in overall bonus size that comes with seniority. And under most liberal managers, the associate's gender did not play a statistically significant role regardless of seniority.
To account for other factors that might influence these findings, we ran a number of controls to see if differences in the backgrounds or expertise of partners and associates were driving this gender gap. We found that they were not. We also ran numerous robustness checks to account for alternative explanations, such as individual differences in human capital.
Why does this happen?
Our findings raise many questions about why managers' political values would shape how they allocate rewards to men and women. Because we could not directly measure their psychological processes, we drew on prior research in sociology and political psychology to interpret these differences between liberal and conservative managers' decisions.
Although firm structures and policies can be designed to limit gender inequality, in many professional services jobs the onus of making critical decisions about bonuses and promotions falls on the shoulders of managers and team leaders. Since there is often a great deal of uncertainty about how work should be evaluated in these fields, managers may fall back on values and beliefs that shape how they perceive and interpret information about workers. So, basically, there is room for personal beliefs to play some role in their decision making — and this is where personal political ideology can come in.
Recent research has shown that managerial discretion is linked to bias in worker rewards — both men and women managers have been found to favor men in their decision-making around bonuses, and the presence of this bias helps explain the persistent gender inequality in pay we still see today. However, managers vary in how much they perpetuate this bias, depending on their own personal values and beliefs. So supervisor beliefs about social change and inequality in society – primary elements in whether one is ideologically liberal or conservative — can affect decisions about performance and bonuses.
We theorized that liberal and conservative supervisors rely on different heuristics when they make reward decisions. Indeed, a vast body of research in this domain shows systematic differences in how liberals versus conservatives think about society; for example, liberals are found to be concerned about systems and norms disadvantaging certain groups in society, including women, and they may be more interested in rectifying these than in preserving the male-dominated status quo. Conservatives, on the other hand, are found to value aspects of those systems and norms that incentivize and reward individual contributions, and they tend to be more accepting of differences in outcomes, including between women and men, as reflecting varied motivations and capabilities. So in our study context, where performance is more ambiguous and evaluation requires more subjectivity, ideology may influence decisions such that liberals may respond more favorably to female subordinates as a way to reject male-typed norms, and conservatives may respond more favorably to male subordinates as a way to maintain the status quo in a professional context that favors men.
This may help explain why we see a larger gap in bonuses as employees gain seniority. As they shift to more challenging and higher-level assignments, the ambiguity around their performance increases, driving managers to rely even more on their own discretion.
Of course, there may be other explanations we're unable to rule out — we're only beginning to measure how political leanings affect the workplace. Our findings are based on the study of one firm and may not generalize elsewhere – though they appear consistent with other recent research on the effects of political ideology on gender parity in law firms and large corporations.
But they could apply to many professional settings, where supervisors tend to lack objective performance indicators and rely more on subjective discretion in evaluating performance and allocating rewards. We'd expect that the impact of supervisor political values would decrease in settings involving routine work that can be largely captured through objective performance indicators.
Overall, our work suggests that professional firms may start to address gender pay inequality by increasing transparency on reward and promotion decisions for men and women.
Indonesian Atheist Jailed for Blasphemous Facebook Post
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
A 31-year-old man was recently detained by authorities in Indonesia for expressing an unbelief in God on Facebook.
Alexander Aan, 31, may face five years in jail after creating a Facebook post centering around their unbelief in God.
"God does not exist," Aan wrote on their Facebook.
In Indonesia, most residents are Muslim, however Christians have been granted permission to practice. Still, atheism is illegal in Indonesia, causing Aan to face five years in jail for blasphemy.
Although their country does not tolerate atheism, the civil servant posted some questions stemming from their unbelief in God.
"If God exists, why do bad things happen?" Aan continued, according to The Daily Telegraph. "There should only be good things if God is merciful."
The Islamic religious authority known as the Indonesian Council of Ulema, said that Alexander went into the government office in which they worked in Dharmasraya, western Sumatra on Wednesday. However, they received a beating from those who opposed their Facebook post.
After Alexander used passages from the Quran to speak ill about God, Senior Commander Chairul Aziz, the police chief for Dharmasraya said the "ulema" thought they had blasphemed God, according to the Daily Telegraph.
Although Alexander was reportedly born Muslim, they strayed from the faith in 2008, after reportedly analyzing the amount of ill fortune taking place in the word. Authorities officially arrested and charged them with blasphemy on Friday and they could face five years of imprisonment.
Despite the media coverage, Alexander's recent arrest was not the first made on charges of blasphemy. Antonius Richmond Bawengan,a 58-year-old Christian located in Central Java was sentenced to the maximum five year prison sentence for blasphemy after handing out published works speaking out against Islam.
Almost one year after Bawengan's verdict that caused angry rioters to vandalize Christian property and harm church officials, Alexander is awaiting their verdict.
Things have a way of working themselves out, Breaking Bad's antihero Walter White proclaimed during the AMC series' five-season run. And for Bryan Cranston, the actor who plays that dark character, one of those things is a book deal.
Cranston will release the memoir and audiobook — no title yet — in fall 2015, Scribner Publishing announced, saying the book will provide "insights into their early years, the craft of acting and their experiences" performing as the science-teacher-turned-meth-lord.
"Walter White taught me a lot — some of it useful, some of it dangerous," Cranston said in a statement. "With this book, I want to tell the stories of my life and reveal the secrets and lies that I lived with for six years shooting Breaking Bad."
The 58-year-old actor, who is starring in the Broadway musical All the Way as former U.S. president Lyndon B. Johnson, won three Emmys, a Golden Globe award and three Screen Actors Guild awards for their portrayal of Walter White.
"Bryan Cranston writes the way they act — with fierce commitment, intelligence and humor," said Nan Graham, Scribner's senior vice president and publisher.
Jacksonville University defensive end/linebacker Justin Horton is among the 16 undrafted free agents who have agreed to terms with the Jaguars since Saturday night.
Horton was second on the Dolphins last year with 70 tackles.
If all 16 players sign, the Jaguars' roster would stand at 101 players so the team will have to cut 11 players to make room for the undrafted additions.
Each undrafted free agent will sign a standard three-year contract with a base salary of $465,000 (not guaranteed) and signing bonuses of varying amounts.
Several current Jaguars entered the NFL as undrafted free agents, including receiver Allen Hurns, nose tackle Abry Jones, long snapper Carson Tinker, strong safety Jarrod Wilson, center Tyler Shatley and offensive tackle Josh Wells. New cornerback A.J. Bouye was undrafted when they signed with Houston in 2013.
Here are thumbnails on the new players, culled from league sources and the players' social media feeds:
G/C Parker Collins
College: Appalachian State.
Age: 22.
Height/weight: 6-3/295.
Key facts: Ranked by draft analyst Dane Brugler as the No. 43 guard. … Ran the 40-yard dash in 5.29 seconds. … Not invited to Scouting Combine. … Started final seven games at left guard in '14, leading team with 48 knockdown blocks in 561 snaps and helping team averaged 283.9 yards rushing and 41.9 points in their starts. … Started all 13 games at right guard/center and was second-team All-Sun Belt Conference. Led team with 105 knockdowns in 680 snaps. … Started all 13 games as a senior on team that went 10-3 and 429.9 yards per game.
WR Keelan Cole
College: Kentucky Wesleyan.
Age: 24.
Height/weight: 6-2/175.
Key facts: Not among the 137 receivers ranked by Brugler. … Not invited to Scouting Combine. … Walked on at Kentucky Wesleyan and said they were awarded scholarship before third year and earned sports management degree last December. … In an interview with NFL Draft Diamonds last November, compared themselves to Jaguars receiver Allen Robinson, "because they were underrated coming into the draft but worked hard once they were given the opportunity." … As a sophomore (2014), led Division 2 in receiving yards (1,477) and TD catches (21) and had eight 100-yard games. … In 2016, was named Division 2 first-team All-American by several outlets after ranking fourth nationally in receiving yards (1,401) and yards per catch (24.6) and seventh in touchdown catches (15). They also averaged 29.4 yards per kickoff return.
RB Tim Cook
College: Oregon State.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 6-1/232.
Key facts: Grew up in Pine Bluff, Ark., and attended Butler Co. (Kan.) Community College and Eastern Arizona Community College. … In 2012, while at a teammate's apartment, was shot in the leg during a robbery. … Upon transferring to Oregon State, tore their pectoral muscle while attempting to bench 410 pounds. … Rushed 30 times for 137 yards and one TD in 2016 (10 games).
CB Jeremy Cutrer
College: Middle Tennessee State.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 6-2/168.
Key facts: Ranked by Brugler as No. 19 cornerback entering draft, just behind Minnesota's Jalen Myrick, who was picked by the Jaguars in Saturday's seventh round. … Not invited to Scouting Combine. … Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.52 seconds at Pro Day. … Played two years at Mississippi Gulf Coast CC before starting 20 of 23 games for MTSU and recording 95 tackles and six interceptions (29 pass break-ups). … Played primarily "off" man coverage. … Missed first part of pre-draft process because of foot surgery (bone spur).
LB P.J. Davis
College: Georgia Tech.
Age: 22.
Height/weight: 5-10/235.
Key facts: Entered draft as No. 89 linebacker by Brugler. … Not invited to Scouting Combine. … Grew up in Cairo, Ga., and was a 1,000-yard rusher as a high school senior. … High school team's nickname was the Syrupmakers. … In 50 games for Yellow Jackets, totaled 313 tackles (20 1/2 for lost yardage), seven sacks, four forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and one interception. … Started 37 games. … In three years as a starter, totaled 119 (led team), 77 and 76 tackles. … Played outside linebacker as a senior. … Finished college career at EverBank Field, scoring a fumble recovery touchdown in TaxSlayer Bowl.
DE Hunter Dimick
College: Utah.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 6-3/272.
Key facts: Ranked as No. 22 edge rusher by Brugler entering the draft. … Started 33 of 43 games for Utes and totaled 150 tackles (44 for lost yardage) and school record 29 1/2 sacks. … In '16, third-team All-America by Associated Press and first-team All-Pac 12 after leading conference with 14 1/2 sacks, which was also third nationally, and 20 TFL. … Despite monster senior year, was not invited to Scouting Combine. Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.73 seconds at Utah's Pro Day. … Started four games as a redshirt first-year student in '13. Missed two games in '14 and six in '15 (shoulder) because of injuries. … Participated in East-West Shrine Game.
WR Amba Etta-Tawo
College: Syracuse.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 6-1/208.
Key facts: Entered draft as No. 32-ranked receiver by Brugler. … Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.49 seconds at the Scouting Combine. … Played four years at Maryland before going to Syracuse as a graduate transfer. … Born in Nigeria, their family moved to Atlanta in 1999. … Caught 31 passes for 500 yards as a redshirt first-year student in 2013 for Maryland, but had only 30 catches over the next two years. … At Syracuse, had a huge year – single-season school records in catches (94), yards (1,482) and TDs (14) – and was named third-team All-America and first-team All-ACC. … Viewed as an outside receiver in the NFL.
OT Avery Gennesy
College: Texas A&M.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 6-3/318.
Key facts: Made a pre-draft visit to the Jaguars. … Ranked as No. 12 offensive tackle by Brugler. … Started two years (26 games) at left tackle for Texas A&M after playing two years at East Mississippi Community College (2012-13) and redshirting at A&M. … At Combine, lifted the 225-pound bar 24 times, but their vertical jump of 20 inches (showing a lack of explosions) was lowest of any player at the event. … Called for eight penalties last year. … Earned degree in agricultural leadership and development last May. … Projects as a right tackle in the NFL.
LB Justin Horton
College: Jacksonville.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 6-2/235.
Key facts: Three-year starter at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Fla., where they had 105 tackles and 11 sacks as a senior. … Twenty-nine tackles in their first three years on JU's campus – was a back-up in 2012 (seven tackles), had 29 stops in 2013 and played one game in 2014 (injury). … Twenty-one tackles in 11 games as a junior and recovered a fumble for a touchdown against Delaware. … Flourished as a season, finishing with 70 tackles (six for lost yardage). … Not invited to Scouting Combine.
DT Tueni Lupeamanu
College: Idaho.
Age: 22.
Height/weight: 6-1/299.
Key facts: Ranked by Brugler as the No. 70 defensive end/tackle. … Did not attend Scouting Combine. … Played quarterback in high school. … Third on the Vandals last year with 75 tackles (nine for lost yardage). Also had five sacks and one fumble recovery. … Started 11 games in '15 and had 38 tackles and one sack.
RB I'Tavius Mathers
College: Middle Tennessee State.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 5-11/197.
Key facts: Ranked 32nd among tailbacks entering draft by Brugler. … Not invited to Scouting Combine after appearing in East-West Shrine Game. … Played three years at Mississippi before transferring to MTSU (and their home town of Murfreesboro) for a redshirt and playing season apiece. … Rushed for 208, 563 and 290 yards and combined seven touchdowns for Ole Miss. … In only year for MTSU, rushed 232 times for 1,561 yards and 17 touchdowns and caught 66 passes for 633 yards and three TDs. … At their Pro Day, ran 4.41 seconds in the 40-yard dash, which would have tied for second-fastest among Combine running backs.
S Charlie Miller
College: Dartmouth.
Age: 22.
Height/weight: 6-0/190.
Key facts: Ranked as 63rd safety by Brugler. … Not invited to Scouting Combine. … Posted time in pre-draft guides for their 40-yard dash was 4.45 seconds. … Grew up in Shoreview, Minn. … Started final four games in 2015 and had four tackles and two pass break-ups in win over Princeton to help Dartmouth clinch first share of Ivy League title in 19 years. … Played nine games in '16 and had 41 tackles and two interceptions. … Their coach at Dartmouth was Buddy Teevens, who was Jaguars offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett's boss at Stanford. Teevens also coached three years at Florida (1999-2001).
DE Carroll Phillips
College: Illinois.
Age: 24.
Height/weight: 6-3/242.
Key facts: If they make the team, Phillips will be a 25-year old rookie in Week 1. … Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.64 seconds at Scouting Combine and their 20-yard split of 2.53 seconds was best among the pass rushers, a sign of explosive first step. … Brugler ranked them No. 18 among edge rushers. … Cousin of music icon Luther Campbell. … Was supposed to sign with Cincinnati in 2011 but failed to qualify academically and didn't return to football until 2013 at Copiah-Lincoln (Miss.) Community College, where they had four sacks. … In three years for Illinois, had 12 sacks and 88 tackles (25 1/2 for lost yardage) in 31 games (14 starts). … Missed last part of '14 and spring of '15 because of neck surgery to fuse a disc. … College teammate of Jaguars third-round pick Dawaune Smoot. … Projects as a weak-side defensive end or weak-side linebacker.
CB Ezra Robinson
College: Tennessee State.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 5-11/189.
Key facts: Brugler's No. 33 cornerback entering the draft. … Fifth-year senior from Sarasota who started career at Michigan State before playing three years at Tennessee State. … Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.47 seconds at Scouting Combine. … At Michigan State, redshirted in 2012 (torn meniscus) and played 12 games as a reserve in '13. Avoided jail time in September 2013, after admitting they drank and then got behind the wheel of a car. Had to complete alcohol safety program and pay $758 fine. … Started only one year for TSU and had 42 tackles and five interceptions.
WR Kenneth Walker
College: UCLA.
Age: 23.
Height/weight: 5-9/188.
Key facts: Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.30 and 4.29 seconds at UCLA's Pro Day on March 21 to emerge as a priority free agent. … Ranked as the No. 73 receiver by Brugler entering the draft. … Not invited to Scouting Combine. … Caught 44 passes for 911 yards and seven touchdowns in Bruins career. … Their best year was 2016 (22 catches, 365 yards, four TDs). … Started 18 games. … In '14, suspended for Alamo Bowl because of poor grades, but rebounded to make honor roll later in career. … In '16, had six catches for 115 yards at Texas A&M (62-yard TD) and two TD catches against Arizona. … Averaged 25.7 yards per catch in '15. … Missed '13 with an injury. … Only return experience was in '12 (seven kicks for 19.7-yard average).
Story highlights A sociologist describes bullying in schools as "social combat"
Students are fighting to improve their social status through violence or rumors
Bullies are often bullied themselves as they fight to the top, experts say
Eva was a bully. Tall for their age, they used their height to intimidate their peers. They made fun of those without designer clothes and got suspended several times for fighting.
They were also well-liked, outgoing, funny -- and a victim of bullying herself.
"When you're in junior high, you're just trying to figure out who you are," the 24-year-old remembers. They say they bullied others because they are, as were most kids, insecure.
As a parent, you probably have a picture in your head of the kid you'd vote Most Likely To Bully Others. He's burly, wears a letter (or leather) jacket and has been a senior longer than most students are in high school.
But experts say the bullies tormenting students nowadays aren't like the ones we see on the big screen. It's not just a small group of jocks, or the loner stoner pushing kids into lockers between periods. It can be almost anyone, at any time. And the most likely targets of bullies? The bullies themselves.
JUST WATCHED Bully victim: I didn't feel the pain Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bully victim: I didn't feel the pain 02:39
JUST WATCHED From 'Bully' to 'The Bully Effect' Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH From 'Bully' to 'The Bully Effect' 00:10
JUST WATCHED 'Be a Buddy, Not a Bully!' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Be a Buddy, Not a Bully!' 05:29
JUST WATCHED Preview of AC360's 'The Bully Effect' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Preview of AC360's 'The Bully Effect' 01:23
Sociologist Robert Faris calls it "social combat." They say the majority of bullying takes place in the middle of a school's social hierarchy, where students are jostling with each other for higher status.
Think of it like a giant game of king of the hill . Each kid is struggling to make it to the top, not afraid to step on others to get there. The closer you get to being king, the more vicious the competition gets between rivals.
"Bullying works," Faris says simply. "When kids pick on other kids, their status increases."
Faris teamed up with CNN's "AC360" in 2011 to study bullying at a high school in Long Island, New York. Researchers asked more than 700 students about their friendship circles and bullying behaviors. Faris has also completed similar studies in rural North Carolina -- where the demographics were different, but the results were the same.
Faris found 56% of students surveyed were involved in aggression, victimization or both at any given time. The main motive behind a student's bullying was to increase their or their popularity. The higher a student rose on the social ladder, the more likely they were to bully others -- and to be bullied themselves.
"There's always some tension in these friendship groups," Faris says. "Who's closer to whom and who's hanging out together, and I think that's what's driving a lot of these kids."
The same is true for middle-school students, according to UCLA psychology professor Jaana Juvonen, who's been studying bullying since the mid-1990s.
Juvonen and their team recently followed more than 1,800 students through seventh and eighth grade to determine how physical aggression and the spreading of rumors played a part in social prominence.
"What we've learned about bullying during the last decade or so is that it takes many forms," Juvonen says. "Some of these forms are extremely hard to detect. They're covert."
Administrators have cracked down on physical aggression in schools, enforcing zero tolerance policies for fighting between students. But Juvonen says that has led to subtler forms of bullying.
Rumors -- most often about a student's sexuality or insulting family members -- play a big role, according to Juvonen's research.
Faris recalls they got their "ass kicked" regularly as a child. Two brothers used hunt them down every day after school as they walked home from the bus stop.
But they say a daily beating was much less painful than the isolation they felt when their family moved across the country and they couldn't seem to fit in. "That was much harder to deal with than a bloody nose," they remember.
In their later research, Faris found friends often exclude each other from gossip sessions or parties to put down a rival and boost their own status. Social media has also increased the prominence of this abstract form of bullying.
"The status competition is always there; there's no break from it," they say. "They go home and they get online and they see their friends doing things together and they're not invited, or worse, people are harassing them."
If the 2004 movie "Mean Girls" taught us anything, it's that girls are the queens of covert bullying; no one could make you feel as badly about the way you look as the popular clique. Juvonen's study, however, found boys and girls spread rumors to boost their social status -- and that both genders use physical aggression to assert power.
Eva knows this firsthand. They and their friends used to "jump" other girls, pulling their hair or punching them just because they talked to the wrong guy.
"I look back and shake my head," says Eva, who asked CNN not to use their last name because they plan to apply for graduate school. But "when you're in elementary school and junior high, there's nothing else. We don't have responsibilities. We don't have skills. We buy candy and do homework."
"Part of the problem here is that kids are kind of stuck in a cage," Faris agrees. "They don't have formal roles and responsibilities. ... They have to work status out for themselves."
And if we put adults in a similar situation, they say, we'd see the same behavior.
For that reason, Faris advocates programs and activities that de-emphasize social status and re-emphasize the qualities of a good friend. They hope that one day students will leave high school with a small group of close friends, rather than the 300 or 400 they know on Facebook.
Juvonen says anti-bullying programs should focus on bystanders -- teaching kids that watching is just as bad as doing the bullying yourself. Studies in Canada have shown, they say, that if a child intervenes, the bullying incident stops within seconds.
Juvonen suggests parents use teachable moments on TV or in the news to show children right from wrong in a bullying situation. "They could be the ones pointing out to their kids that they have a lot of power as bystanders," they say.
Juvonen knows it's unreasonable to expect a child to be brave on their or their own; no one wants to become the next victim. So they suggest teaching kids about the weight of a group.
"Bullying involves this imbalance of power where the bully has the high status and is using this status," they say. "You can try to offset the power balance by telling kids to join one another as they try to intervene."
Parents also need to be aware of how easy it is for children to get sucked in to this social combat, Juvonen says. They can't be in denial about incidents that are brought to their attention.
"Anyone in that situation should be asking, 'What's going on?' 'What is it about these situations that brings about this kind of behavior?' "Parents should be having frequent conversations about what's happening at school, know who their children are hanging out with and keep an eye out for warning signs that something's not quite right, they say.
"The parent's role is really to be there as a buffer, be the one who listens."
Before they were a bully, Eva was a victim, they say. Older kids would call their names or hold them down to show they were stronger. She's the baby in the family, they say, and their parents didn't have time to pay attention to what was going on.
"(Bullying) comes from home, from family members," they say. "We hear our cousins and uncles talking crap about someone. We think it's funny. We think it's cool."
Eva never faced consequences for bullying, other than their suspensions. They believe that if someone had sat them down and told them that bullying was wrong, they would have listened. For years, they worried that one of their former victims would invite them on the "Maury Show" for a face-to-face showdown. They still feel badly about the pain they inflicted.
"I can't take it back," they say. "But if I could do it all over again, I wouldn't do what I did."
CLOSE Authorities allege Byron Neville, 28, of Lindenwold attacked a police officer and tried to steal a patrol car while nude Tuesday night.
Numerous charges have been filed against a naked southern New Jersey man, Bryon Neville, accused of punching a police officer and trying to driver off in their cruiser. (Photo: Lindenwold Police )
A Lindenwold man faces charges for allegedly attacking a police officer and trying to steal a patrol car — in the nude.
Byron Neville, 28, was believed to be high on "wet" — marijuana laced with PCP — when they were arrested Tuesday night after the alleged assault, according to Lindenwold police.
The bizarre incident began shortly after 10:20 p.m. when an officer stopped two people at the Arborwood condo complex.
"Immediately as (the officer) got out of their car to deal with those people, they were punched in the face from behind," Lindenwold Police Chief Thomas Brennan said.
The officer, whose name was not released, turned around to see a naked Neville, sweating profusely and out of breath.
SEE ALSO:Florence cop jumps into suspect's moving car, makes arrest
"(Neville) basically claimed that this was their neighborhood and the officer needs to leave," Brennan related.
The officer reportedly tried to take Neville into custody while the suspect continued to attack. Neville, however, proved too slippery to control and broke free.
Neville then jumped into the officer's patrol car and attempted to steal it, authorities said.
"The officer and a backup officer continued to struggle with the male and were able to remove them from the patrol car," said a police account.
But Neville was able to slip from the officers' grasp and run away.
A short foot chase ended when Neville jumped into a pickup truck filled with scrap metal, where they were finally arrested by several officers, according to Brennan.
Neville was charged with numerous offenses, including carjacking and aggravated assault on a law enforcement officer. They were being held at Camden County Jail in lieu of $200,000 bail.
The officer whom Neville allegedly punched suffered minor injuries and did not require medical attention.
SEE MORE SOUTH JERSEY CRIME NEWS
Brennan said their officers have dealt with "wet" on a few occasions, but use of the drug is not rampant in the borough.
The force, they noted, had a similar incident last fall, in which a naked man broke into a home and several officers were needed to take them into custody.
"Obviously it's a physiological response that the body has (that) they feel overheated and they strip down," Brennan explained of the drug's effect.
"But why they get bizarre like that is beyond me."
PCP can cause hallucinations, anxiety, feelings of impending doom, paranoia and violence, according to the National Institutes of Health's National Institute on Drug Abuse.
The drug was developed more than 60 years ago as an intravenous anesthetic. Detrimental side effects during clinical trials voided any approval for human use of the drug.
"Wet" has played a role in several heinous crimes in South Jersey in recent years. In March 2008, a nude, knife-wielding city teen attacked a Camden police officer before being shot dead.
The officer was also shot several times, but survived.
In August 2012, a Camden mother decapitated their 2-year-old son, put their head in a freezer and stabbed themselves to death with a kitchen knife after ending a rambling, six-minute call to 911.
The following month, a city man allegedly high on "wet" entered a Camden home and assaulted a 12-year-old girl. They then allegedly killed the girl's 6-year-old brother as the boy tried to fend them off.
In January 2013, a Pennsauken man allegedly smoked "wet" before they caused a head-on crash that killed a mother and daughter in Merchantville.
Reach Andy McNeil at amcneil@courierpostonline.com or (856) 486-2458. Follow them on Twitter @Andy_McNeil
Read or Share this story: http://on.cpsj.com/1mSJ7kn
The Canadian Press
LONDON, Ont. -- Prime Minister Stephen Harper is suggesting the proposed new pension plan on which the Ontario Liberals plan to campaign won't score any points with voters.
Asked whether Premier Kathleen Wynne's Liberals could win an election with an Ontario Retirement Pension Plan, Harper said increasing taxes isn't the way to go.
They say people prefer to get tax breaks for socking away money for retirement, not having their taxes hiked to force them to save.
Harper says their government has offered those tax breaks and created a number of voluntary retirement savings programs.
But the provincial Liberals, who are headed for an election, say they have to move ahead because Harper won't enhance the national Canada Pension Plan.
The made-in-Ontario plan would require contributions from both workers and employers, which the provincial Conservatives have denounced as a payroll tax that will kill jobs.
Wynne has called Harper's refusal to change the pension plan "offensive and inexplicable" because Canadians aren't saving enough to ensure they have a comfortable retirement.
Prince Edward Island and Manitoba are banding together with Ontario to explore options to enhance retirement income, saying they're disappointed with the federal government's unilateral decision to shut down discussions on enhancing CPP.
Ontario released a blueprint for their pension plan in Thursday's budget, but left the door open to expanding the program to other provinces and even suggested it could be integrated into the CPP in the future.
While the Liberals said a CPP enhancement was still Ontario's "preferred approach" to strengthening the retirement income system, the new provincial plan was touted as the next best thing as governments deal with aging populations and people who aren't saving enough for the future.
It will likely be a key part of the minority Liberals' election platform, as the New Democrats have vowed to vote against the budget.
The ORPP was billed Thursday as a mandatory plan that will be modelled on the CPP, which provides retirement benefits to contributing workers up to a maximum of about $12,500 annually.
Ontario's plan, however, won't apply to all the province's workers -- those with "comparable" workplace pension plans, federally regulated employees and those with income below a yet-to-be-determined threshold would be exempt.
The government said it is still consulting on how it can help self-employed individuals, who currently aren't part of the plan, to better save for retirement.
The exemptions mean the plan will initially involve about three million Ontario workers when it launches in 2017.
Randolph Roth is a professor of history and sociology at Ohio State University and the author of “American Homicide.”
When society is functioning well, we should, at the very least, be able to trust that the people around us won't try to kill us. And yet, after a mass shooting, we may wonder. We may worry in the subsequent days and weeks as we send our kids off to school, ride public transportation to work, join the crowd at a concert, settle into the pews at church. For some people, that fear may mean avoiding certain places, at least for a time. For others, it means arming themselves in defense. After the 2015 shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., gun sales spiked most in the immediate vicinity, suggesting that safety concerns, more than concerns about potential changes to gun laws, drove those purchases.
But while we all know from experience that shootings can lead to faltering trust, the reverse appears to be true as well. My research has found that declining trust in our institutions, our social structures and one another leads to more lethal violence, including mass murder. As abstract as these sentiments may seem, they predispose certain people to kill. In fact, they explain homicide rates better than any other factor, including unemployment, guns, drugs or a permissive justice system.
When we lose faith in our government and political leaders, when we lack a sense of kinship with others, when we feel we just can't get a fair shake, it affects the confidence with which we go about our lives. Small disagreements, indignities and disappointments that we might otherwise brush off may enrage us — generating hostile, defensive and predatory emotions — and in some cases give way to violence. This may be rooted in our biology. Primate studies have shown that apes and monkeys secrete more of the hormones that cause or facilitate aggression, and less of the hormones that deter aggression, when their tribes experience political instability, faction fighting and struggles for dominance.
People who suffer from dangerous forms of mental illness, who have experienced severe reversals in their lives or who have suicidal thoughts are most vulnerable when these feelings course through society, as Adam Lankford describes in "The Myth of Martyrdom." They are more likely to lash out, as we have seen in case after case of mass murder.
Some mass killers have written manifestos detailing their grievances with the U.S. government. Yet the relationship between trust and homicide is seldom so explicit. Everyday murderers don't stop to cite distrust of government or their fellow citizens as a reason they killed. Few homicides are motivated directly by political conflict or political feelings, anyway. But the link between trust in government and homicide rates is evident everywhere, across centuries.
In England, for instance, 60,000 voting rights demonstrators gathered in Manchester in 1819 to demand the right to elect their own representatives in Parliament. They were viciously attacked by militiamen on horseback wielding sabers. Eleven people were killed outright; countless others were wounded. The homicide rate in England and Wales doubled over the next five years, and it remained high throughout the years of agitation for voting rights. But when the Second Reform Act passed in 1867, enfranchising propertyless household heads in urban areas, the homicide rate fell suddenly by half; and when the Third Reform Act passed in 1884, enfranchising propertyless household heads in rural areas, the rate fell suddenly by half again. Empowerment, inclusion and faith in government mattered.
The same patterns appear throughout American history. Homicide rates (which primarily reflect violence between unrelated adults and do not include war casualties) dropped dramatically after the revolution, as the new nation developed institutions in which people could put their faith and as Americans developed a sense of patriotism and belonging. By the early 19th century, although murder remained more common on the contested frontiers and in the slave-holding South, the North and the mountainous regions of the South — from Appalachia to the Ozarks — had some of the lowest homicide rates in the world. (About 3 per 100,000 persons per year, which is low even by today's standards and considering their lack of modern medicine.) That changed when reverence for political leaders declined in the wake of the Mexican War and homicide rates doubled or tripled — 15 years before the Civil War and Reconstruction made things worse.
We can measure the inverse relationship between homicide and trust with more precision in modern times. The murder rate since World War II has tracked almost perfectly, as criminologist Gary LaFree has observed, with the proportion of Americans who say they "trust the government in Washington to do what is right " most of the time and who believe that most public officials are honest. The rate also rises and falls along with answers to surveys asking about the level of trust we have in our neighbors, how safe we feel walking around at night near our homes and how heavily armed we think we need to be.
For brief periods during the New Deal, World War II and the early years of the Cold War, things got better: We recaptured our patriotism, our fellow-feeling and our trust in government. But divisions over the civil rights movement and the Vietnam War tore that emerging national consensus apart. The homicide rate peaked for African Americans during the Nixon administration, at 43 per 100,000 persons per year, when their trust in government was at its lowest and their feelings of alienation were highest. And it peaked for white Americans in 1980, at 7 per 100,000 persons annually, when accumulated anger over busing, welfare, affirmative action, defeat in Vietnam and humiliation in Iran boiled over into the Reagan revolution. If we had sustained the high rates that prevailed nationally from the 1970s to the mid-1990s (9 to 10 per 100,000 per year), 1 in every 142 Americans would have been killed, including 1 of every 27 black males. And if we maintain our current, lower rate (5.5 per 100,000 annually), 1 in every 231 Americans will be killed, including 1 of every 38 black males.
It has been somewhat harder to see the relationship between trust and homicide in the past decade, because hyperpartisanship has led people to answer polls according to their feelings about the party in power, rather than their feelings about society as a whole. But before the 2008 election, my colleague Michael Maltz and I forecast that if Barack Obama secured the nomination and won the presidency, the homicide rate in America's cities would drop because of what their candidacy would mean to African Americans and other minorities, who live disproportionately in urban areas. We also worried that the homicide rate would rise in the areas of the country most resistant to the idea of an African American president. The subsequent divergence in the nation's homicide rates appeared to bear this out. Counties that were more heavily urban and minority saw their homicide rates decline. But the rates increased sharply in the predominantly white counties concentrated in the upper South — from West Virginia to Arkansas and Oklahoma — that gave less support to Obama than historical voting records and national voting trends would have suggested and that would go on to become the heart of the birther movement.
Criminologist Richard Rosenfeld has further suggested that the rise in murders in certain U.S. cities in 2015 is better explained by a loss of trust and a decline in the legitimacy of the justice system than by the heroin epidemic, the (slight) drop in the prison population or supposedly less-aggressive policing after Ferguson. "When persons do not trust the police to act on their behalf and to treat them fairly and with respect, they lose confidence in the formal apparatus of social control and become more likely to take matters into their own hands," Rosenfeld wrote in a 2016 report for the Justice Department. "Lack of confidence in the police among African-Americans predates the recent police killings in Ferguson, Cleveland, New York and elsewhere. But it is likely to be activated by such incidents, transforming longstanding latent grievances into an acute legitimacy crisis."
It's cyclical. Loss of trust contributes to the homicides of unarmed black citizens by fearful or angry white police officers, and to the murders of officers by angry blacks, which further diminishes trust between citizens and law enforcement. When trust disappeares, no one's life matters.
What might the future hold? Trump's election may lead to a decline in homicide in certain parts of the country, by empowering the white Americans who resent minorities and immigrants most deeply. But most of their support, especially in the Rust Belt, was not based on race. They won because they promised to help middle- and working-class whites economically. If they are unsuccessful, or worse, if their supporters decide they conned them and was interested only in enriching themselves and the rest of the nation's economic elite, all bets are off. And given Trump's attacks on the federal government and on rival politicians, their administration's dismissal of Black Lives Matter, the question of how much Russian intervention may have compromised the election, and infringements on voting rights, it is very possible that the homicide rate will continue to rise, especially in the poorest neighborhoods in our cities.
Not every mass murderer is driven to kill by these broad historical forces. Some, such as the gunmen in Aurora, Colo., Newtown, Conn., and Tucson , are mentally ill and are copying the violence they see around them. But most mass murderers have been deeply affected by the distrust, disillusionment and enmity that pervade our society. The Oklahoma City bomber was a suicidal white supremacist, angry at a government that had dashed their dream of becoming an Army Ranger and that, in their eyes, cared more about minorities than it did about him. The Orlando shooter, a man so disturbed that they frightened their co-workers, was bitter over their inability to land a job as a police officer. They hated the government, blacks, women and gays, perhaps, as the evidence suggests, because they were confused about their sexuality. The congressional baseball practice shooter blamed politicians and the wealthy for their own and the nation's ills. All these men had difficulty in relationships and were apparently jealous of people who were happy, loved and loving, which is why they targeted ballgames and nightclubs and country music concerts. Their problems were personal.
But people with personal problems are infected by our hatreds. We have all played a part in creating them.
outlook@washpost.com
Read more from Outlook and follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
St. Paul's Rondo neighborhood ran roughly between University Avenue to the north, Selby Avenue to the south, Rice Street to the east, and Lexington Avenue to the west. African American churches, businesses, and schools set down roots there in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, creating a strong community. Construction of Interstate-94 (I-94) between 1956 and 1968 cut the neighborhood in half and fractured its identity as a cultural center.
From the beginning, Rondo was a haven for people of color and immigrants. Its namesake, Joseph Rondeau, moved there in the late 1850s from a site close to Fort Snelling, where they had faced discrimination due to their wife's mixed white and indigenous heritage. French Canadian immigrants followed Rondeau to the area in the late nineteenth century; later, German, Russian, Irish, and Jewish families found homes there.
Beginning in the 1910s and 1920s, Rondo experienced a social and cultural boom. Music and theater flourished. African American newspapers such as the Appeal, the Northwestern Bulletin, and the St. Paul Recorder represented Rondo's interests and needs. In 1913, St. Paul established its chapter of the NAACP, making it a center for civil rights activity. One member of the chapter, Rondo resident Roy Wilkins, later led the national NAACP.
As Rondo's Jews advanced economically in the first decades of the twentieth century, they moved to new areas. This left behind affordable housing for African Americans. By the 1930s, half of St. Paul's black population lived in Rondo. Even during the Jim Crow era, blacks and whites mixed relatively freely; interracial dating and even marriage sometimes took place.
Supported by the booming railway industry and local businesses, Rondo's black families were upper-middle and middle class as well as working class. Integrated schools, such as Central High School, Maxfield Elementary School, and parochial schools, created a relatively high level of education and literacy among minority residents. This openness in turn attracted southern blacks who faced stark racial prejudice and violence.
Several organizations arose to meet the growing community's social needs. The Hallie Q. Brown Community Center provided human services and gave African Americans a place to meet and socialize. In 1928, the Credjafawn Social Club began to offer a social and recreational space for young blacks. It went on to create a food cooperative and a credit union that helped residents finance their homes and educations. The Sterling Club, founded in 1919, was a networking association for African American professionals who were often excluded from other professional groups.
In the 1930s, commuters and city planners began to call for a highway linking the business districts of downtown St. Paul and Minneapolis. After World War II, city engineers chose St. Anthony Avenue as the route. This street was located between University Ave and Marshall Avenue, and went all the way to Minneapolis. When the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956 promised funding, it set in motion plans to lay down the freeway through the heart of the Rondo area.
Resistance to the freeway plan came quickly. In early 1956, Reverend Floyd Massey Jr. and Timothy Howard started the Rondo-St. Anthony Improvement Association. This group, speaking for threatened property holders, protested the proposed route and pushed for assistance for those forced to move.
The Housing Authority offered to help if the Highway Department would pay $30,000 to cover costs, but ultimately contributed no funds. The St. Paul City Council rebuffed attempts at passing local open-occupancy laws. The association did, however, succeed in changing the interstate's design from an elevated to a depressed highway with bridges joining the bisected sides, dividing the community in a less pronounced way.
In September of 1956, when construction began, some Rondo residents continued to resist. Police forcibly removed Reverend George Davis from their home when they refused to evacuate and make way for wrecking crews. Construction proceeded, however, and I-94 opened in 1968.
Although the African American community was injured, it maintained a strong identity. Playwright August Wilson lived in the Rondo area in the 1970s and 1980s and wrote many of their plays while living there. In 1983, the first annual Rondo Days Festival was held; in 2006, the Rondo Community Outreach Library opened with a mission to support community engagement.
For more information on this topic, check out the original entry on MNopedia.
news, latest-news
JAKE Thomas nearly died after being bitten by a dead snake in a cemetery. The retired Werris Creek railwayman has recovered after intensive care treatment from two bites from a red-bellied black snake – and he's lived to tell a tale that beggars belief for some of us. Old timers will tell you that a snake doesn't die until sunset – and Jake questions now whether the myth is fact. Their story is a cracker of a snake saga. It involves a good Samaritan act, a volunteer's duty to keep others safe, and a tale of the snake's tail that didn't stop the fangs from biting into their finger. After an emergency trip to hospital, a couple of days in the critical care unit of Tamworth hospital, and a bit of soul searching, Jake's got a message for others, too. Beware where you walk and what you do. Snakes are about where you least expect them. Jake had never killed a snake in their life until about 10 days ago. He's seen plenty but heeded the advice of the experts – run away and leave them alone. Until now. But when Jake and their mate Barry Constable went off to mow around the Werris Creek cemetery, like he's done regularly as one of about five local blokes since their daughter died in 2001, they were simply doing their bit to tidy it up for the Christmas visitors to family. “I saw the black snake. It was in a headstone on the grave next to my daughter's. It had stopped moving and I could see it was caught in a vase. There was about two foot hanging out,” they said. Worried that grieving family would come across it, they went for the shovel and cut it in half. They and Barry finished the lawn mowing and then they went back to clean the snake up and take it away so it didn't scare the socks off someone else. They reached down into where the flowers were next to the vase – and that's when the head reared up and bit him. They nearly died of shock, apart from the what the poison and venom would bring on later. “He got me twice, two good ones, on the ring finger of my left hand and I just turned to Barry and said ‘the bastard's got me.' “It was razor sharp. I drove to the Werris Creek hospital. They talked to a doctor in Tamworth and then they called an ambulance and took me to Tamworth.” They spent two days in ICU. “They told me I was lucky it wasn't a brown. They said I'd got a good hit but the brown is more deadly. I can still feel the pain. They really drove it into me.” Jake couldn't believe it. “Yeah, well, now I remember all those stories too. They reckon they don't die until the sun sets and they used to hang them on the fence to let everyone know it was there. There might be something to it, I reckon.” According to snake experts, the cold-blooded reptile's lingering nerve reflexes mean it can effect a bite up to an hour after it is dead. Right now, Jake believes it's more than just a myth.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/resize/frm/storypad-GJZ5TVpAk84wrTzsQfLQRB/0390a404-8230-44f1-9e91-fe30bbd7f289.jpg/w1200_h678_fcrop.jpg
Update on the drill (posted 4/18): Due to the events in West, Texas last night, North Hills Hospital and the NCTTRAC have chosen to cancel today's emergency preparedness drill. Many of the same resources planned for the drill have already deployed to West to help care for the victims down there.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims, loved ones, and first responders affected by this terrible tragedy.
North Hills Hospital is proud to be hosting one of the largest emergency preparedness drills ever held in the state of Texas this week. We will be partnering with the North Central Texas Trauma Regional Advisory Council (NCTTRAC) and first responders from throughout North Texas to test our equipment and processes so that when a real disaster happens, we're all ready to respond.
This drill is even timelier in the wake of the bombings at Monday's Boston Marathon. Our prayers go out to the victims involved, and we are proud of the first responders – EMS, fire, police, race workers, and hospital staff – who so bravely cared for the injured.
If you live near North Hills Hospital, you will see a lot of activity in our parking lots over the next three days as the NCTTRAC sets up a mobile 140-bed hospital, along with dozens of ambulances, several AMBUS (multi-patient ambulances), and helicopters. This is only a drill and will simulate a hospital evacuation, something that might be necessary in the event of a tornado, hurricane, earthquake, or prolonged power failure.
Set-up for the drill will take place Tuesday and Wednesday, with the drill occurring on Thursday. At no time will regular patient care be affected, as the drill will use only “actor” patients and be confined to non-patient care areas and the parking lot. Tune in to our Facebook page (www.facebook.com/northhillshosp) and Instagram feed (@NorthHillsHospital) for pictures of the drill throughout the week.
One of the web's most prominent TV pirates has shut down their torrent tracker because of a scam that resulted in the tracker's domains being taken over by a hostile group.
According to TorrentFreak, the ‘domino effect' that resulted in all of EZTV's domains being taken over started when the scammers were able to get their hands on EZTV's domain with a Italy TLD. Reportedly, the domain was suspended because of inaccurate whois information. When the domain became available for others to use (the real EZTV had then moved on to a .ch domain), the scammers purchased it with a UK registered company called EZCloud LTD. which was a similar name to what the real EZTV used.
The scammers then approached the EuroDNS registrar with their UK company, and by pretending that company had the same director as the real EZTV they were able to transfer the .se and .ch domains to their control.
EZTV's proprietor, seeing that their empire had been lost to the scammers thanks to the careless security of EuroDNS, decide to throw in the towel and call it quits. For them EZTV was a labor of love, with revenue from the ads only covering server expenses.
The hijacked EZTV website is still operational, but many other large torrent trackers such as The Pirate Bay have banned future submissions from EZTV and put out warnings to users.
Crowdsale Update
WeTrust Editorial Team Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 20, 2017
Overview
As of the current time and date of publishing this blog post, the BTC/ETH ratio has increased in comparison to the crowdsale start date. A few crowdsale participants have reached out to us expressing frustration regarding making contributions of ETH prior to the rise. These early ETH contributors raised concerns about the pegging of ETH to BTC at the time of contribution, saying it can result in an unfair distribution of TRST tokens. We treat feedback from the community with the highest regard. We listened carefully to the points raised, and after consulting among ourselves, our advisors, escrow partners, and legal team, arrived at the following decision.
While this may not make everyone happy, we hope the discussion in this post will help everyone understand how we arrived at this decision.
TL;DR what we have decided
The crowdsale will end as and when we reach the original cap of 6000BTC (calculated in the same way we did until now), OR when we reach the equivalent of $7.3M (details below). Of course, the original end date of April 12, 2017 11:59 PM UTC remains as well. The crowdsale website will be updated accordingly in the next day or two.
Background: crowdsale calculation method
When designing a multi-currency crowdsale (in WeTrust's case, BTC and ETH), one needs to decide on how to use a single yardstick to measure the contributions received in the different currencies.
In our case we decided on the following guidelines:
Participants should be allowed to contribute in ETH, BTC, or both. We shouldn't incentivize contributing in one currency over the other (i.e. no per-currency bonus). We should reduce the currency uncertainty for participants, so when they contribute they can use the current value of their cryptocurrency. They should know immediately where they stand at with respect to the 1K/6K BTC min/max caps and not have to wait for weeks and be subject to market fluctuations. There should be a single metric describing how the crowdsale is doing relative to the predefined minimum and maximum caps, so that the relevant actions can be taken (refund, regular termination of crowdsale, or early termination of crowdsale in case the max cap is reached)
To accommodate number 4 we needed to peg all contributions to a single standard. As BTC and ETH were the currency of choice, it only made sense to peg to one of them, and as BTC has a larger trade volume and thus less susceptibility to volatility, we decided to peg all contributions to it, as well as setting the min & max caps (1K BTC, 6K BTC respectively).
After WeTrust receives and processes a contribution, the ETH and BTC go to escrow accounts over which we don't have any control. As a result, we consciously made the decision, perhaps non-optimal in retrospect (see below), to leave the funds in the currency they were received until the end of the crowdsale.
Things we could have done differently
Though the terms of the crowdsale were specified and set in the beginning, the exact calculation could have been articulated in more detail in the FAQ and in the Terms & Conditions (we're doing better this time, see Appendix A). That being said, anyone who inquired received a detailed answer, e.g. this one on bitcointalk (notice this is still before the significant ETH/BTC changes), and as soon as we learned this is missing from the FAQ we added that. Since the vast majority of expenses of WeTrust are expected to be in USD, it would have made most sense to define our min & max caps to be in terms of USD, and peg all contributions (at time of contribution) to that currency. However, in practice it would have been much harder from technical, legal, operational and escrow aspects to convert all contributions to USD on a periodic basis. Having decided to peg contributions and caps to BTC, it would have been better to work out a way, in advance, with our escrows to periodically convert the ETH received to BTC. While right now it may seem that we were “lucky” in retrospect with not doing that, things could have gone (and could still go) the other way.
Analysis and decision
Basic principles
When making a decision, we need to take into account all of the relevant actors' needs and interests. This includes the group of crowdsale participants, our escrows, and WeTrust itself.
The most important principle we follow, is that we should avoid — or failing that minimize — any rule changes to the sale once it has begun.
Even if we make such a change, it should not hurt any group of participants to benefit another, not even if it's benefitting the majority. Why? Under a simplified model, suppose we're making a change that awards 90% of participants 1 extra TRST each. That means that the remaining 10% lose 9 TRST(!) each. While this will make the majority of our users slightly happier, it would significantly hurt the minority. We don't perceive this as being fair and will thus avoid any such proposal.
In order to reach a decision, it was important for us to involve our escrows, advisors, and legal team, in order to get as many points of view as possible and make sure we did not miss any important facts or considerations. The following thoughts and conclusions were reached by way of consensus.
Crowdsale Maximum Cap
WeTrust's code is counting the contributions in BTC-equivalent-at-time-of-contribution, and as ETH has risen significantly against BTC (and USD) since the beginning of the crowdale (as of 3/18), there is an argument to be made that WeTrust may end up with more funds than it intended to raise. Thus WeTrust should be able to end the crowdsale sooner without losing any funds compared to the initial goal.
Although the rules were defined in the beginning of the crowdsale, and raising “too much” might actually be a good thing for the entire WeTrust community (as there will be more products and features developed), we sympathize with the dissatisfaction expressed by some of the participants.
When we started the crowdsale we expected to raise up to 6000BTC at a price of about $1,223/BTC, totalling ~$7.34M. Therefore, we are adding an additional crowdsale termination condition: if we hit $7.3M (a bit less than our original goal), we will end the crowdsale.
Small print: how would we compute that sum? In order to avoid ending the crowdsale prematurely because of a momentary spike in BTC or ETH, our plan is to use a 3-day moving minimum of ETH and BTC prices, as described in Appendix A.
Distribution of TRST among contributors
We understand and sympathize with participants who would want to see a change in distribution implemented, but we think this is not the right thing to do when taking into account all of the participants' interests. Note that whatever decision we made on this issue, WeTrust's proceeds from the sale remain unaffected — it is only the distribution of the 80M TRST between the participants.
The terms of the crowdsale were set in the beginning and, although the exact calculation could have been articulated in more detail, potential participants who asked about it received an answer. Moreover, since the beginning of the crowdsale, our dashboard presented the current amount of TRST that each user would receive if the crowdsale ended now, and next to the Ethereum address for contributions, the current ETH/BTC rate was shown. We are happy that some of the participants who were curious about this issue were able to find information by looking at the dashboard and asking questions.
Market conditions have indeed changed since the crowdsale began. When dealing with volatile markets like this, sticking to the rules of the game is the most important thing to do, because people were making decisions based on this set of rules. Moreover, if we decide to change the internal distribution now, we'll be essentially transferring a certain amount of TRST from one group of users to another group of users. As no game-changing event happened in the crowdsale itself (e.g. bug in the calculation, bug in the multisig holding the funds, etc.), it seems to us that no decision to benefit some users at the expense of others will be deemed fair by an objective observer.
It's worth perhaps considering a couple of thought experiments: if a company was starting a “simple, ideal” smart-contract-based, ETH only, 10-tokens-per-ether, kind of crowdsale, and the ETH dropped by 50% during the crowdsale, early contributors might feel very similar to how some feel today. We therefore see it not necessarily as an “issue” of this crowdsale design, but as an artifact of dealing in a volatile market. This is also one reason why early contributors get an early-bird bonus, to compensate them for such uncertainty.
A second thought experiment: if ETH were to drop significantly compared to BTC during the rest of the WeTrust crowdsale, say to 0.001BTC, it is not unimaginable that participants involved would have opposing views to those they currently hold.
Consider the case WeTrust decided to pay early ETH contributors the extra appreciation ETH enjoyed throughout the crowdsale but does not receive compensation from these same contributors for any potential depreciation of ETH. This kind of service is usually called a “call option on ETH”, is charged a substantial price on the free market, and WeTrust did not and does not offer this kind of service.
Another angle on this is that as of the time of writing these lines [3/18], over the last 24 hours, bitcoin has gone down 9% and ether 13% compared to USD. As these trends change and certain users feel benefited or hurt, WeTrust cannot keep changing the rules of the game accordingly.
Appendix A — how we compute the end of sale condition based on USD
Let medianClosingRate(day, currency) be the rate of currency against USD at closing of day (UTC), calculated as the median of the data we get from cryptocompare, coinmarketcap and gdax (if some don't answer, we use the median of the rest).
Let
minClosingRate(day, currrency) = min(medianClosingRate(yesterday, currency), medianClosingRate(day before yesterday, currency), medianClosingRate(3 days ago, currency))
Our additional end condition is then to stop if:
$7.3M > minClosingRate(today, ETH) * <amount of ETH collected> + minClosingRate(today, BTC) * <amount of BTC collected>
We are aware this is not the “theoretically ideal” way to compute this (where one would take into account trade volumes & average of the entire period) but given the circumstances, stakes and resources at hand, we believe this is a good enough approximation.
Update (3/21/2017): replaced poloniex with coinmarketcap in Appendix A
On 30 April, less than 24 hours after leaking ten episodes from a previously-unreleased Netflix series, a hacking group known as "The Dark Overlord" posted an ominous statement to its social media profile. "It's nearly time to play another round," it warned.
As reported, the episodes were from season five of US prison drama 'Orange is the New Black', not set to debut officially on the streaming giant's service until June. The hackers reportedly failed to extort both Netflix and a third-party production company, Larson Studios, before publication.
Unfortunately for other Hollywood studios, the leaks may only be beginning. According to The Dark Overlord's Twitter account, further releases from Fox, ABC, and National Geographic will be next. "We're not playing any games anymore," it said.
According to DataBreaches.net, the hacking team claimed to have accessed "hundreds of GBs-worth" of unreleased and non-public content from Larson Studios, a Los Angeles-based post production company, last year.
It initially demanded 50 Bitcoin, roughly £57,000, to stop the material being leaked online, the report said.
The hackers gave DataBreaches.net previews of some stolen content and it reportedly included 36 other properties such as XXX: Return of Xander Cage, Bill Nye Saves the World, New Girl, Celebrity Apprentice, Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia and more (See below for full list).
Larson Studios did not immediately respond to a request for comment from IBTimes UK. Each of the major movie and television companies allegedly impacted in the hack have not yet commented on the suspected breach, however it is believed the FBI is now probing the incident.
"We are aware of the situation," Netflix said in a statement bulk-distributed to media outlets after the news broke. "A production vendor used by several major TV studios had its security compromised and the appropriate law enforcement authorities are involved."
The identity of "The Dark Overlord" remains a mystery, and it is unclear if it consists of an individual hacker or a team working as a collective. In a set of now-removed statements on PasteBin, the culprit(s) repeatedly slammed Netflix and teased more leaks will soon be on the horizon.
The hackers wrote: "We're not quite done yet, though. We're calling you out: ABC, National Geographic, Fox, IFC, and of course Netflix, still. There's more Netflix on the feasting menu soon (in addition to the other studios, of course), but we'll get to that later. Enjoy the fruits of our labour.
"It didn't have to be this way, Netflix," it continued, adding: "You're going to lose a lot more money in all of this than what our modest offer was. We're quite ashamed to breathe the same air as you.
"We figured a pragmatic business such as yourselves would see and understand the benefits of cooperating with a reasonable and merciful entity like ourselves. And to the others: there's still time to save yourselves. Our offer(s) are still on the table – for now."
Courtesy of DataBreaches.net, here is the full list of the other titles believed to have been stolen:
XXX Return of Xander Cage (Movie)
Cage (Movie) A Midsummers Nightmare (TV movie)
Nightmare (TV movie) Above Suspicion (Movie)
Bill Nye Saves The World (TV series)
Saves The World (TV series) Breakthrough (TV series)
Brockmire (TV series)
(TV series) Bunkd (TV series)
(TV series) Celebrity Apprentice (TV series)
Food Fact or Fiction (TV series)
Handsome (Movie)
Hopefuls (TV series)
Hum (Short film)
Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia (TV series)
Jason Alexander Project (TV series)
Liza Koshy Special (YouTube Red)
Special (YouTube Red) Lucha Underground (TV series)
Underground (TV series) Lucky Roll (TV series)
Making History (TV series)
Man Seeking Woman (TV series)
Max and Shred (TV series)
Mega Park (TV series)
NCIS Los Angeles (TV series)
(TV series) New Girl (TV series)
Portlandia (TV series)
(TV series) Rebel In The Rye (Movie)
Steve Harveys Funderdome (TV series)
(TV series) Story of God, with Morgan Freeman (TV series)
Superhuman (TV series)
The Arrangement (TV series)
The Catch (TV series)
The Middle (TV series)
The Stanley Dynamic (TV series)
The Thundermans (TV series)
(TV series) Undeniable with Joe Buck (TV series)
Win It All – (Movie)
X Company (TV series)
The title of "The Dark Overlord" was previously linked to a number of hacks and leaks dating back to 2015 – mostly on healthcare facilities in the US. In most operations the pattern was similar to the Netflix incident, often relying on a mixture of extortion and ransom demands.
The Dark Overlord Twitter account did not respond to a request for comment.
President Trump's first White House meeting with congressional leaders was, by all accounts, a cordial affair.
But Trump apparently couldn't resist taking a jab across the aisle, telling the gathering of bipartisan leaders that he'd lost the popular vote only because of rampant voter fraud by "illegals," according to a pair of sources familiar with the conversation.
"He said 3 to 5 million 'illegals' voted so that's why they lost popular vote," said a Democratic aide.
ADVERTISEMENT
"That's exactly what they said," said a second source familiar with the exchange.
Trump secured their presidential victory by winning the Electoral College vote, 304-227. But their opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, won the popular ballot by almost 3 million votes.
The dynamics have undermined Trump's claims that the election gave them a mandate to move their policy agenda, which includes undoing large parts of former President Obama's legislative legacy. And Trump has pushed back by publicly claiming that they would have won the popular vote if "illegals" were disqualified.
“In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally,” Trump tweeted on Nov. 27.
That verdict has been quashed by state officials and independent fact-checkers. PolitiFact put their charge in the "pants on fire" category.
But Trump's amplification of that claim on Monday suggests the issue remains a sore spot, even after their swearing in.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday.
Following Jughead‘s 2015 relaunch with writer Chip Zdarsky and artist Erica Henderson, the Daily Dot can exclusively reveal that Archie Comics is bringing in an exciting new creative team: Ryan North and Derek Charm.
Archie's food-obsessed best friend Jughead Jones has always been a cult favorite, but the recent relaunch gave the character a new lease on life.
In the first six-issue volume, Jughead battled their arch-enemy Principal Stanger and came out as asexual, and fans have plenty more to look forward to when the new creative team joins forces for issue #9. For one thing, Jughead will meet up with the new girl in town: Sabrina the Teenage Witch.
Writer Ryan North feels like a perfect choice for the surreal humor of Jughead. He's best known for their work on Dinosaur Comics and Marvel‘s Unbeatable Squirrel Girl—where, coincidentally, they work with former Jughead artist Erica Henderson. We spoke with them about Sabrina, taking over from Chip Zdarsky, and what Jughead has in common with Squirrel Girl.
Derek Charm/Jughead #9
After Erica Henderson's work on earlier issues, there's a lot of crossover between the creative teams for Jughead and Squirrel Girl. Do you think the two characters have a similar appeal, or is it just coincidence that you both wound up working on this book?
Oh, sure! I can see how the two characters connect: Squirrel Girl and Jughead are very rational people in a world that sometimes doesn't seem to quite fit them. Jughead's surrounded by all this romance and kissing and the man just wants to eat some burgers, while Squirrel Girl is this super optimistic character who kinda does their own thing all the time. Oh…unless you were asking if Erica Henderson and Jughead are the two characters with similar appeal? If that's the case my answer is still “yes”; Erica is great and I am willing to go on record that They like food too.
Did you talk much with Chip Zdarsky about the changeover? Were there any Jughead details you particularly wanted to continue from the first eight issues?
We brought it up during our weekly “State of the Union” address (where we get together and discuss how happy we both are that we're friends). I've been a big fan of Chip's stuff for a long time and even bought the Jughead comics at my local comics store (which EVERYONE SHOULD DO, and, uh, continue to do now even though Chip's not on the book anymore), so I was fully caught up on what's going on, but we still got to talk about all sorts of secrets. I see Chip's Jughead as THE Jughead and I'm not going to be changing any of the things he's set up!
Audrey Mok/Jughead #9
What drew you to the combination of Jughead and Sabrina?
I see Jughead as being generally this really rational dude, this anchor of sensibility in a world of boy/girl-crazy friends. And Sabrina's interesting because she's literally magic.  They are an actual witch in a world where witchcraft isn't known to be a real thing, and she's got this edge to them that you don't often see in Riverdale. I think Jughead's just the kind of person who I think would be a lot of fun to see interact with that.
What are you enjoying most about working with Derek Charm, and writing Jughead in general?
Derek is super great. I had the advantage of already knowing their work from IDW's Star Trek comics (I am a big Star Trek fan) and of course from the Jughead covers he's already done, and he's got a great sense of personality and body language: everyone they draw looks distinctly themselves, you know? I can't wait to get into this in depth with him.
Writing Jughead in general is a pleasure because—and I think a lot of very tall guys can agree with me on this—there was a time in my teenage years where I just ate all the time and never got full. One time, I got home and ate a full 5-pound lasagna and a quart of milk as an after-school snack and then still ate dinner when my parents got home. And I would've gotten in trouble for it too, except my parents didn't believe that I'd actually managed to eat the whole lasagna: they assumed I'd just hidden it or something. When I showed them the empty lasagna tin they were more impressed than upset.
All of this is to say, writing Jughead brings back some very happy memories.
Veronica Fish/Jughead #9
Jughead #9 comes out on September 7.
Image copyright Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust Image caption Before and after: Countess's Writing Room
A Conwy county castle being restored by a community group after years of neglect is opening its doors daily to the public throughout August.
It marks the 20th anniversary since the start of the campaign to preserve Gwrych Castle, near Abergele.
It was 1997 when 12-year-old Mark Baker began their campaign to safeguard the building's future.
Since then they and volunteers have saved sections and signed a lease to look after a large part of the grounds.
Gwrych Castle was built between 1812 and 1822 by Lloyd Hesketh Bamford-Hesketh as a memorial to their mother's ancestors, the Lloyds of Gwrych.
By 1989 it was sold to an American and although there were plans for its future, it began to fall into decline.
Travellers moved onto the site for two years before finally being forced to leave in 1997.
Image copyright Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust Image caption Restored gardens with the castle in the background
Image copyright Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust Image caption Wrecked stairway
Mark Baker, now Dr Baker, an architectural historian, said they felt compelled to try to save it after walking by it daily on their way to school.
Their campaign to set up Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust attracted the attention of the local newspapers and won support of community leaders.
Today, the registered charity has a 25-year lease for five acres (two hectares) of the site.
This has enabled it to begin restoration of the first section of the castle, the Countess's Writing Room in the Gardener's Tower.
Although the formal gardens are regularly opened, from this month visitors can explore the grounds themselves for the first time.
Dr Baker said public access had always been their "main aim".
To celebrate the trust's 20th anniversary, other events are also being held, including a Medieval festival on 19-20 August.
Image copyright Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust Image caption Before.: Frontage hidden by overgrowth
Image copyright Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust Image caption After: restored frontage and pathways
Simulation methods helped create animation for Disney's Oscar-winning film, 'Frozen.'
COLUMBIA, Mo. – Simulation-based engineering science (SBES) allows researchers to predict the effects of building explosions and analyze the response of building materials to those threats. Using a $400,000, five-year CAREER grant from the National Science Foundation, researchers at the University of Missouri developed the Material Point Method (MPM) a computer-generated tool that not only creates blast scenarios that informs blast and impact resistant materials and design, but also is crossing over into Hollywood animation—most recently, Disney's Oscar-winning animated film, Frozen.
“Motivated by the need for better simulations that demonstrate impact and penetration phenomena, we developed the MPM more than 20 years ago,” said Zhen Chen, C.W. LaPierre Professor of civil and environmental engineering at the College of Engineering at MU. “Since then, the MPM has been further developed and applied by many global research teams to real-world problems including fire, explosions and impacts in buildings and structures. Our first study on the MPM has been cited more than 400 times, and Disney is now using physics-based simulation methods as they create sequences for their popular animated movies including Frozen.”
The computer-based tests developed using MPM can create scenarios that help determine which materials and designs respond most favorably to impact and blast loadings, Chen said. Using the information and analysis provided by simulations, designers can then validate the results with laboratory tests before applying them to full-scale construction including stronger building components such as columns, walls and windows.
Animators at Disney took note of the Material Point Method and used it to develop snow simulations that mimicked snowball drops and smashes. They also animated the effects of characters walking through snowy backdrops.
“We're proud of the computational methods we've developed and our work in SBES through the years,” Chen said. “The nation's engineering and science communities have become increasingly aware that SBES is an indispensable tool for resolving a multitude of scientific and technological problems facing our country. An added bonus of having the SBES tool used in animation and popular media is that children, who are more touch-oriented through tablets and smartphones, also are fans of Disney and Frozen. We hope they'll get excited about STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) fields and that our methods will help shape and inspire the next generation of scientists and engineering researchers.”
Additionally, an interdisciplinary research team at MU is developing a multiscale MPM for creating alternative energy sources, with the most recent study, “A particle-based multiscale simulation procedure within the MPM framework,” to be published in Computational Particle Mechanics.
Editor's Note: For a video demonstration of Disney's Frozen techniques, please visit: http://www.wimp.com/disneysnow/
For more information on SBES technology and methods, please visit: http://engineering.missouri.edu/2009/07/mizzou-engineering-building-security-with-new-blast-resistant-glass/
--30--
The Opportunities Party (TOP) wants to ensure people have decent housing, regardless of whether they rent or own.
Tax Reform
Our current taxation system punishes tenants and workers, and favours those who own their own home. TOP's tax reform will make sure that the tax system treats owners and tenants fairly. It is focused on ensuring the owners of assets pay their fair share of tax. This change will raise up to $11b in revenue and enable a cut in income tax rates for everyone by up to one third. Housing affordability will be improved over time. Taxing assets will also encourage land bankers to develop their land and build more houses. In the big cities it will encourage higher density housing.
Real Rights for Renters
TOP's tax reform will eventually restore housing affordability. However, this needs to be done slowly to avoid an economic crash akin to what we have seen overseas. In the meantime, we need to make renting a viable option for the generation of young people that has been priced out of home ownership.
TOP will change the regulations around residential tenancy law to match the German approach. Under this model the default standard lease makes it far easier for a tenant to remain in the premises long term. This will be achieved by restricting the conditions under which a landlord can evict a tenant to those of non-payment of rent or property damage. Sale of a property is not necessarily a legitimate reason for eviction. Most crucially this will provide tenant families with the long-term security hitherto offered only to those who buy their own home. This is a massive improvement in housing as a social good – irrespective of whether it is owned-occupied or not.
Better Quality Housing
TOP will restore the Emissions Trading Scheme, raising the price of carbon and reinvesting the proceeds in improving the insulation and energy efficiency of all homes. This will be backed up by a rental Warrant of Fitness and improved building standards.
Social Housing
We desperately need to improve the quantity and quality of social housing. TOP will expand the supply of social and affordable rental housing provided by not-for-profit organisations. We will achieve this by gifting Housing NZ stock to these community housing providers, giving them the equity and land they need to invest in expanding social housing and at-cost rental housing stock.
Housing should be a vital part of our infrastructure as a nation, not a get-rich-quick scheme. Our changes will ensure all families have access to warm, affordable, secure housing. This will reap dividends in the decades to come through lower health, crime and welfare costs, and better education and employment outcomes.
Download the policy now
Saudi Arabia might be trying to outdo every other country with its massive Kingdom Tower.
The new tallest building in the world will stand one kilometer high and is expected to cost a whopping $1.23 billion. According to the Saudi Gazette, the tower will require 5.7 million square feet of concrete, 80,000 tons of steel, and it will stunt Dubai's Burj Khalifa by nearly 600 feet.
The building, if it can even be called a building, will stand in the city of Jeddah along the coast of the Red Sea. To top it all off, a 98-foot terrace can be expected on the 157th floor.
Construction is set to begin as early as next week.
Below, more artistic renderings of the Kingdom Tower.
Source: Urukia
Source: Adrian Smith+Gordon Gill Architecture / dapd
Source: Adrian Smith+Gordon Gill Architecture / dapd
Source: Adrian Smith+Gordon Gill Architecture / dapd
Watch the HuffPostLive video above for more details on the tower.
New York Times vents recriminations over Syria debacle
By Bill Van Auken
9 February 2016
The offensive of Syrian government forces, backed by Russian air strikes, has cut off the main supply route for Western-backed “rebels” and is apparently poised to deal them a decisive blow in Aleppo, Syria's largest city. This situation is provoking increasingly bitter recriminations within Washington and its vast military and intelligence apparatus over the debacle of the US regime-change operation.
The anger and mutual finger-pointing going on within the Pentagon and the CIA, as well as on Capitol Hill and in the White House, have found a particularly hysterical expression in a February 8 New York Times column by the newspaper's international affairs columnist Roger Cohen, entitled “America's Syrian Shame.”
Cohen denounces the Obama administration for pursuing a policy in Syria that amounts to “fecklessness and purposelessness,” together with “feeble evasions masquerading as strategy” and “awkward acquiescence to Moscow's end game.”
The Times columnist continues: “Syria is now the Obama administration's shame, a debacle of such dimensions that it may overshadow the president's domestic achievements.”
The “shame,” according to Cohen, is not that Washington's instigation of a sectarian civil war, in which it and its regional allies—Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Qatar—financed and armed Al Qaeda-linked Salafist jihadi militias, has plunged Syria into a bloodbath. Rather, their criticism is that US imperialism failed to pursue a sufficiently aggressive policy.
They write: “The president and their aides have hidden at various times behind the notions that Syria is marginal to core American national interests; that they have thought through the downsides of intervention better than others; that the diverse actors on the ground are incomprehensible or untrustworthy; that there is no domestic or congressional support for taking action to stop the war or shape its outcome; that there is no legal basis for establishing ‘safe areas' or taking out Assad's air power; that Afghanistan and Iraq are lessons in the futility of projecting American power in the 21st century...”
All of this is anathema to Cohen, who, for at least the last quarter-century, has never met a US war of aggression or imperialist intervention that they did not like, from the dismemberment of Yugoslavia onward. They were a prominent advocate for the US war against Iraq, promoting, along with other Times reporters and columnists such as Judith Miller and Thomas Friedman, the lies that the government of Saddam Hussein had “weapons of mass destruction” and ties to Al Qaeda. As late as 2009, with the number of Iraqi lives lost estimated at 1 million and the country devastated, they wrote, “I still believe Iraq's freedom outweighs its terrible price.”
They likewise promoted the 2011 US-NATO war against Libya as a humanitarian necessity. After the fall of Tripoli, they penned a triumphalist column entitled “Score One for Interventionism.” Nearly five years later, Libya is wracked by war between rival militias, its social infrastructure destroyed and millions of its people forced into exile.
It is worth considering Cohen's indictment of Obama for their alleged failings. The US president is charged with believing that the “diverse actors on the ground” in Syria are “incomprehensible or untrustworthy.” In point of fact, the composition of the so-called rebels backed by Washington and its Middle Eastern allies is quite comprehensible. They are dominated by outfits like ISIS and the al-Nusra Front, Al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate. That this presents certain tactical challenges is hardly a surprise.
They accuse the Obama administration of concern over the lack of any “domestic or congressional support for taking action.” This exaggerates the administration's “concern,” given its launching of the US-NATO war in Libya, the return of US troops to Iraq and the initiation of the regime-change operation in Syria, followed by the dispatch there of Special Forces troops, all in the face of popular hostility and in the absence of any congressional vote. However, widespread opposition to war combined with the UK parliament's vote against British action in Syria did play a role in the 2013 decision to back away from a bombing campaign.
They go on to chide the Obama White House for worrying about irrelevancies like the absence of any legal basis for “establishing ‘safe areas' or taking out Assad's air power.” Why should the United States be concerned with international law now? It did not stop it from illegally invading Iraq.
That creating “safe areas” or “taking out” Syrian government aircraft would inevitably lead to a clash between the US and Russia, two nuclear-armed powers, is not a concern for Cohen. Indeed, one suspects they would welcome such a development.
Cohen traces the downfall of US policy in Syria to Obama's 2013 failure to carry through on their threat to treat the use of chemical weapons as a “red line” that would be answered with a US bombing campaign. That the case against the Assad regime fell apart rapidly amid evidence that the chemical attack on suburbs of Damascus had been the work of a “rebel” faction seeking to provoke just such an American intervention is of no consequence to Cohen. Their charge is that Obama let a perfectly serviceable, albeit false, pretext for direct US intervention go unused.
Cohen's denunciations of Obama's policies reach their frenzied high point with the charge that “Obama's Syrian agonizing, their constant what-ifs and recurrent ‘what then?' have also leaded [sic] to the slaughter in Paris and San Bernardino.”
Really? Bombing Damascus, the imposition of a no-fly zone or the successful toppling of the Assad regime would have dissuaded the attackers in France and California?
The reality is that both of these attacks—like the horrors in Syria itself—are the product not of Washington's supposed inaction, but of the succession of crimes carried out by US imperialism in the Middle East over the course of decades.
Assad did not send the killers into the streets of Paris or San Bernardino. In France, it was manifestly a case of “blowback” from Western support for the Islamist “rebels” in Syria. The facilitation of thousands of youth going there to fight in the Western-backed war for regime-change, some of whom joined ISIS—Washington's Frankenstein's monster—and similar organizations, inevitably led to the return of a section of Islamist fighters, bringing the mayhem back with them.
As for the couple who carried out the killings in San Bernardino, by all accounts their supposed radicalization began as a result of traveling to Saudi Arabia, Washington's closest ally in the Syrian intervention, and developed through contact with al-Nusra, one of the principal fighting forces in the war against the Assad government.
While adopting the tone of an outraged liberal interventionist, concerned for the fate of the Syrians and devastated by Syria having become “the bloody graveyard of American conviction,” Cohen really speaks for an entirely different constituency. There are few, if any, journalists working in the US media today who function so directly and openly as a mouthpiece for CIA conspiracies, Black Op interventions and US wars of aggression.
In the case of Syria, the operation has gone sour. The CIA was heavily invested in its outcome, literally. According to the Washington Post, it allocated fully 10 percent of its budget to support for the Islamist “rebels.”
There are powerful factions within the American state who are angry over the lack of any apparent return on this investment. Cohen's column serves as a warning that the repercussions will be enduring and will undoubtedly find expression in new and far bloodier explosions of US military aggression.
The author also recommends:
New York Times hails “humanitarian” war in Libya
[5 September 2011]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Witbank police station is again in hot water after posts and remarks by a constable surfaced.
The police officer stationed at the police station, was not shy to share this message, putting the focus on police brutality and racism, on social media last week.
Const Elvis Thabiso Sithole commented on a post on a radio station's social media site, fueling racism and bragging about how they suffocate what they calls ‘this kind of racists.'
The police officer from Witbank SAPD admitting to suffocating ‘racists' and keeping dockets from the court
The radio station shared a video of a motorist who was arrested after allegedly assaulting a Johannesburg Metro Police Department (JMPD) officer and calling them the ‘k-word'.
This video was filmed by an eyewitness, Carmen Bell, on Tuesday, March 15. The incident occurred at the entrance to the Mall of Africa. The man said in the clip that they were pulled over for not having their number plates showing on the outside of their car. The number plates were allegedly inside their vehicle. This video went viral.
Const Sithole posted;
“I normally suffocate a bit with a refuse bag this kind of racists before booking them in the holding cells, bcoz it doesn't leave any marks. They just become red and after doing the paperwork I lock them up and take the docket home so that no one can release them until they meet with the Honourable Magistrate in court the next Court date.”
Later on the sergeant again comments:
“That's the only way of handling the stubborn Haasman.”
Const Sithole becomes more racist as can be seen in posts that follow,
“…All the racists are originally from Europe (Caucasians). The came to south Africa by three ships reiger, dromedaris and goede hoop.”
The battle of words continued and when Const Sithole is told that their posts are reported to their station commander their reaction was “Great news indeed…”
This matter was brought under the attention of their superiors.
According to Capt Eddie Hall, police spokesperson, Brig Delisiwe Goodness Motha, local station commander, investigated the allegations.
“Const Sithole explained that they did not post any remarks on social media. They blamed their brother and said they left their phone at home on Thursday and their brother posted all the posts and remarks that followed. Brigadier accepted their explanation and considers the matter as resolved,” Capt Hall said.
A police officer from Witbank SAPD said racism is ongoing is eMalahleni.
Every police officer signed a code of conduct the day they stepped into the shoes of law enforcement officer.
It is clear that Const Sithole disregarded the code they signed. Two of the points clearly states that in order to achieve a safe and secure environment for all the people of South Africa they undertake to uphold and protect the fundamental rights of every person and act impartially, courteously, honestly, respectfully, transparently and in an accountable manner.
Even though Const Sithole's remarks screams out police brutality and racism, there is no sign that a proper internal investigation is going to follow.
Just four weeks ago the police station also came under scrutiny when a man had to spend the night in jail after they tried to protect their wife from an alleged police assault. The incident happened in front of a high school on Thursday, April 14. Also in this incidence the police are not taking a stand and investigating this matter. Capt Hall said that this case is sub judice and therefore they can't comment.
READ ALSO:
‘Don't hit me!' woman screams to police
Police brutality: Video shows all
I wish to bring an urgent matter to your attention. The "Origin of Species" with a foreword by Ray Comfort (ISBN-13: 978-0882709192) is sharing ratings with the more popular and legitimate version. Please correct this as soon as possible and save the internet from Ray Comfort's creationist propaganda. Thank you for your attention.
- (your username or name here)
To whom it may concern: The Ray Comfort edition of “Origin of Species” is not, in any way, related to the 150th anniversary edition of “Origin of Species” by Charles Darwin. It is a book with a 50 page foreword that is a direct attack, without supporting evidence, on Darwin and evolution. It promotes anti-intellectualism and is an attempt to dissuade the reader for taking any of the contents of “Origin of Species” as serious science. Ray Comfort paints Darwin with a broad brush claiming many things such as that they are racist, misogynistic, and that Darwin's Theory of Evolution and “Darwinism” is responsible for the holocaust during World War II, the untold deaths under Stalin in the USSR, and the atrocities of the Chinese government under Mao Zedong.
I understand that you cross-reference some books for consumer convenience, however this book is NOT one that should be sharing ratings with the other versions of the book which are actually about “Origin of Species” and science. With a cursory review of the comments and ratings you can see that the rating is being dramatically damaged by this relationship. This is having an overall negative effect on the rating system and reflects poorly on amazon.com. I use the rating system to determine the quality of a book, and in this case, the negative ratings are significantly impacting the buying decisions of many people.
The rating system aside. If you search for the correct version of the 150th anniversary edition with a foreword by Huxley, you can't find it. At least not simply. The Ray Comfort version is sold out and hiding the real version which is available. I feel this is an issue that should be resolved with utmost haste.
Thank you for taking the time to read this and I sincerely hope you are able to take decisive action regarding this. Amazon.com is a terrific resource and I would hate to see this mark against it stand.
The offending volume's ISBN:
ISBN-10: 0882709194
ISBN-13: 978-0882709192
Regards,
Morgan Matthew
Please check out the video and then go to amazon and click on help and click on contact and send them an email with the attached long or short version.Thanks for your support guys!Go here to contact Amazon.com via email:***Begin Boilerplate******End***Again, here is the linkGo here to contact Amazon.com via email:Again, THANK YOU for your support on this matter!
I am strongly opposed to providing our kids with alternate worship experiences all the way through high school. They ought to be worshiping with adults, with their families, in “big” church, not having a special service tailored to their teen demographic.
I am a believer in parents bringing their children, even young children, with them into worship. Our kids can pick up more than we know. And even if the content is beyond them, they will learn some songs, pick up some liturgy, and see their parents worshiping Christ.
I'm a proponent of families worshiping together.
I'm not a proponent, however, of taking a good principle and making it an absolute rule. Moreover, I'm not in favor of making other Christians feel like the truly biblical (or Truly Reformed) position is to have your kids of all ages with you in church at all times.
This is where history helps put things in perspective.
In sixteenth century post-Reformation Scotland, church attendance was mandatory. Kirk sessions took their responsibility seriously to see that the Sabbath was observed and the people attended the preaching of God's word. And yet, they were not absolutists.
One significant portion of the congregation was systematically excluded everywhere from Sunday sermons. While sermons were central, the elders knew that they had to be audible to be effective, and so they barred babies and very young children from attendance lest they disturb the adult hearers—a factor that must be borne in mind when trying to gauge actual church attendance in early modern Scotland. The Glasgow sessions designated eight as the cut-off age; Aberdeen prohibited “young bairns [children]…not at the school and not of such age and disposition as they can take themselves to a seat when they come to the kirk, but vague [wander] through the same here and there in time of sermon and make perturbance and disorder.” These children were to be ‘kept at home, for eschewing of clamour and disorder in the kirk.' Kingsbarns's session ordered them not only to be kept away from the kirk, but also to be shut up indoors lest parishioners be troubled by the “running up and down of little ones and young children on the Lord's day in the time of sermon.” Perth's session in 1582 actually ordered warding (gaoling) and a 6s 8d fine for ‘bairns that perturb the kirk in time of preaching' instead of being kept at home. Such rulings would obviously have reduced church attendance quite considerably, since the adult caretakers would have had to stay at home with their young charges. Sessions routinely excused absenteeism by parents, nurses, and other servants for this reason. (Margo Todd, The Culture of Protestantism in Early Modern Scotland)
Do I think children under eight should be barred from attending worship? No. A sixteenth century Scottish provision does not need to be our rule (and there is evidence that some Scottish parents disregarded the rules and were fined for bringing their naughty children to church!). But it does suggest we should not make it seem like bringing every child into the service is the only responsible choice for theologically serious people. Just as important, it suggests parents of small children should cut themselves some slack–and we should do the same–if church is interrupted for them or even made impossible at times because of the demands of little ones.
And while we're at it, we should thank the Lord for nursery workers.
PESHAWAR: Jamaatud Dawa (JuD), a self-proclaimed charity working across Pakistan, on Friday held funeral prayers in absentia for the deceased Afghan Taliban chief Mullah Akhtar Mansour in the provincial capital.
JuD provincial spokesperson Ghazi Inamullah told DawnNews that the funeral prayers in absentia were offered at Jamia Masjid Khyber Markaz in Peshawar and attended by hundreds of JuD activists and general public.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mansour was killed in a United States (US) drone strike in Balochistan.
Attendees of the rally chanted slogans against US government and later desecrated the American flag. —DawnNews photo
After holding the funeral prayers, JuD activists marched from Fawara Chowk area to the Peshawar Press Club to protest against the US drone strike inside Pakistani territory and called it an attack on the national integrity and sovereignty.
Attendees of the rally chanted slogans against US government and later desecrated the American flag.
JuD leaders Hafiz Samiullah, Haji Mohammad Iqbal and ASWJ Peshawar chief Moulana Ismail addressed the gathering and said that US government is trying to cover up its failures and drone strike in Balochistan is part of this campaign.
Jamaatud Dawa is a controversial organisation, which was added to the banned outfits list by Pakistani authorities at the start of the year, along with the Haqqani network.
The US State Department last year named JuD as a “foreign terrorist organisation,” a status that freezes any assets it has under US jurisdiction.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fracking for shale oil and gas has not led to widespread pollution of drinking water, a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency draft report said on Thursday, although it warned some drilling activities could potentially cause health risks.
A WPX Energy natural gas drilling rig north of Parachute, Colorado, December 9, 2014. Reuters/Jim Urquhart
The study, requested by Congress and five years in the making, said fracking could contaminate drinking water under certain conditions, such as when fluids used in the process leaked into the water table.
The EPA said it found isolated cases of water contamination, but “the number of identified cases ... was small compared to the number of hydraulically fractured wells.
“We did not find evidence that these mechanisms have led to widespread, systemic impacts on drinking water resources in the United States,” the study said.
Fracking is the common term for hydraulic fracturing, the technique of injecting sand, water and chemicals underground to crack open rock formations holding natural gas and oil. The practice is controversial and opposed by environmental groups alarmed by, among other things, risks to drinking water.
Dozens of clashing studies have examined whether fracking contaminates water, and the ambivalent conclusions of the latest report have allowed both advocates and critics to claim some vindication.
“The report contradicts the most prevalent claim from anti-fracking activists, which have made ‘water contamination' the very foundation of their campaign against hydraulic fracturing,” said Katie Brown, spokesperson for the Independent Petroleum Association of America's Energy In Depth unit.
The expansion of fracking has played a major role in the U.S. domestic energy boom, and has enjoyed support from the Obama administration for bringing the country closer to energy self-sufficiency.
Energy groups said the EPA's findings back up earlier studies by the Energy Department and U.S. Geological Survey, with the American Petroleum Institute saying the study affirmed the sector's record of “continuous safety improvements.”
Amy Mall, senior policy analyst at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told Reuters the report was the first time the EPA acknowledged the potential to poison drinking water.
“There are still significant gaps in the scientific understanding of fracking,” Mall said in a statement. “This study is site-specific and limited, which makes it impossible to fully understand all the risks at this time.”
Mark Brownstein, vice president of the Environmental Defense Fund, said fracking is just one risk. They cited growing concerns about the massive amounts of wastewater that must either be trucked away to surface pools or injected back underground.
In states such as Oklahoma, the latter practice has been tied to a jump in low-level earthquakes.
“Ongoing physical integrity of the wells and handling the millions of gallons of wastewater coming back to the surface after fracking, over the lifetime of each well, are even bigger challenges,” Brownstein said. “Relentless focus on these issues by regulators and industry is critical.”
Fears of contamination have had an impact. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo cited concerns about water safety as a major reason for their decision last December to ban fracking in the state.
That ban has come under assault in wake of the EPA report.
“I fully expect Governor Cuomo to reverse their previous decision to ban fracking, which was based upon controversial scientific studies and made to appease far left environmentalists,” said Republican Chris Collins, who represents New York's 27th Congressional District.
They said the state deserves “the job opportunities and economic growth fracking has clearly produced in other states, including neighboring Pennsylvania.”
The EPA said its study will give state regulators, local communities and companies “a critical resource to identify how best to protect public health and their drinking water resources.”
It noted that other risks included inadequately cased or cemented wells that could leak gases and liquids underground.
The study is only a draft and must still be reviewed by the public and by the EPA's independent Science Advisory Board. It is due to be completed next year.
The results were welcomed by drillers such as Pete Brown, co-owner of Cimarron Production Co Inc, in Oklahoma.
Brown said their company has sunk 120 wells since it began fracking in 1972 and that state regulations implemented since then have prevented any contamination.
“I think the chances of (groundwater contamination) happening are less than one percent,” Brown said. “I can't really fathom a reason why it would contaminate drinking water.”
The U.S. Forest Service has backed off a proposal to ban fracking in the George Washington National Forest, a move likely to upset conservationists who oppose the controversial drilling practice.
Under a final plan set for release Tuesday, the Forest Service will allow drilling on some land. That's an about-face from a preliminary proposal released three years ago that would have prohibited fracking, or hydraulic fracturing, for oil and natural gas inside the popular national forest, which comprises 1.1 million acres in Virginia and West Virginia.
“The initial draft was one way to go at it, but our policy is we deal with surface issues and we do not get involved in how and what methodology is used to extract oil and gas,” said Tom Tidwell, chief of the Forest Service.
Instead of taking a stance on fracking, the Forest Service has decided to stop leasing additional land for energy extraction. Oil and natural gas companies already lease about 10,000 acres within the forest and own the underground mineral rights for an additional 167,000 acres, according to the Forest Service. That land will remain open for extraction.
The new policy, which is expected to take effect early next year, caps the amount of land available for drilling at about 16 percent of the forest.
The oil and gas industry has argued that it would be unfair for the government to “slam the door” on fracking in the forest for the 10- to 15-year life of the plan; energy companies have also ­pointed out that natural gas is a cleaner fuel than coal.
Conservationists say the drilling method could contaminate water at its source. The process involves drilling a deep vertical well that is then drilled horizontally so millions of gallons of water and toxic chemicals can be blasted into the earth, fracturing shale and releasing the gas trapped within it.
Officials say the new plan represents an attempt to satisfy both sides.
“We've had substantial public comments and concern from the local community about oil and gas on the national forest. We've tried to balance those interests with existing areas for oil and gas and think we've gone a good job,” said Robert Bonnie, undersecretary for natural resources and environment at the Agriculture Department.
Bonnie said the new plan for the George Washington National Forest is not a departure from policy elsewhere.
“It makes no determination on how oil and gas is accessed. In other words, it doesn't take a stance on horizontal fracturing or fracking. That's something that we allow on other national forests across the country. We don't take a stand one way or the other here,” Bonnie said.
It updates a plan adopted in 1993 that made almost all of the forest available for leasing and offered no restrictions on what methods could be used, said Tom Speaks, forest supervisor at the George Washington and Jefferson national forests.
None of the existing leases or privately owned mineral rights are actively being worked, a circumstance that Bonnie said speaks to the quality of the energy deposits.
“I think the most telling part is that there's just not a lot of economic interest right now in the reserves, both on the forest and immediately off the forest, and we just think that's indicative of the fact that these aren't economic reserves right now,” Bonnie said.
The new policy does not guarantee the right to drill, even on land where leases are in place. If a company wants to drill on land it already leases, it must first obtain a federal permit from the Bureau of Land Management, which works with the Forest Service to determine whether to grant or deny permission, said Ken Landgraf, planning and forest ecology group staff officer for the George Washington and Jefferson national forests. Then the company must get approval from the state.
But if a company wants to drill on land where it already owns mineral rights, it can skip the federal process and simply go through the state, Landgraf said.
One company, R&R Royalty of Corpus Christi, Tex., controls all 10,000 acres under lease in the forest, Landgraf said.
The new plan appears to defy Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), who has vigorously opposed fracking in the national forest.
“They support me on what my decision is. I have told them they will not allow fracking in the national forest. I do not support fracking as governor of the commonwealth, and we're in mutual agreement on that,” they told reporters after a meeting on climate change in September.
Environmental groups have criticized McAuliffe for supporting a proposed 550-mile natural gas transmission pipeline through Virginia, West Virginia and North Carolina. Some say the pipeline could indirectly encourage fracking from companies enticed by a cheap, quick way to get their product to market.
But McAuliffe said the pipeline would create jobs, prevent spikes in energy bills during severe weather and lure heavy manufacturing to the state.
The pipeline is undergoing the special-use permitting process, which Landgraf said is unchanged under the new plan.
While drilling concerns have dominated discussion around the new plan for years, Speaks noted that the bulk of the plan relates to uses for timber production, recreation, wildlife and roads.
Darryl Fears contributed to this report.
AOSP+OMS FOR XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 3(SD)
The Android Open Source Project with OMS
Code: /* * Your warranty is now void. * * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards, * thermonuclear war, or you're getting fired because the alarm app failed. Please * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this ROM * before flashing it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications, and if * you point the finger at me for messing up your device, I will laugh at you. */ Smoothness of Stock ROM with greatness of OMS Themes
What is AOSP?
What is OMS?
Developers
Features
Download
RIL
WiFi
Bluetooth
Audio
Mobile Data
USB OTG
MTP
Hotspot WiFi
fingerprint Sensor
...
How can I install it?
Sources
Credits
XDA:DevDB Information
AOSP+OMS, ROM for the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3
Contributors
Version Information
AOSP is Android as Google publish without other modifications. More or less AOSP is the Nexus devices stock rom without gapps.Anyway to get a working system I added some changes from CodeAurora Forum and CyanogenMod. I added also 3 non-AOSP features for a better user experience (Advanced Reboot, "Clear All" button in Recents and an option to delete screenshots from the notification area) and I'mgoing to add something other.OMS (Overlay Manager Service) which was designed by google and its modded by our developers to include it into AOSP ROMs.In short,OMS is a Theme Engine replacement and it can do wonders!AOSPSubstratum Support.Clear all recentsQuick UnlockVolume Rocker WakeAdvanced rebootHardware Key customizationAmbient displayOptimizations for batteryMore will come soon. Download for Redmi Note 3 (kenzo) (the latest build)-Requires Unlocked Bootloader & a custom recovery1) Place ROM & Gapps in your SD card2) Go to "Recovery"3) Wipe Data/Factory Reset4) Wipe Dalvik cache5) Install the ROM zip6) Install the Gapps zip 7) Reboot Alberto97 (for their works on F-AOSP lollipop)CyanogenModSlimROMsAOSPB6.0.x MarshmallowLinux 3.10.xAOSPBeta2016-06-292016-08-13
Is the serial groom of India an unsmooth criminal?
While you are sitting comfortably and browsing the web some people are getting married in an outrageous pace.
Apparently in India there are many odd things that can be seen but there is one man who is killing it big time. With 9 divorces so far the 26 years old Umendra Prasad Mahra "ties the knot" to yet another lady. (to tie a knot is an Indian wedding tradition where the ends of the clothes of the bride and the groom are tied to signify sacred unity)
Actually the guy is pretty evil to the women they choose to marry. One of their ex's is telling the awful story of the young man. They share in an interview how the guy marries a girl and remains with them until they get pregnant. Then they force them to go for abortion and if they refuse they leaf them
If we do the math it takes them an average of 1 year to impregnate their new wife and leave them (that is if we assume they started at the age of 16, which might be plausible in India). Human rights seem to operate in a different way in some parts of the world.
What do you think about Umendra?
Share on Facebook
Defensive Footwork and Positioning Drills
My love of defense developed while at basketball camp in the summer of sixth grade. Rows and rows of girls lined up in an old gym with high rafters and dramatic echos and yelled, “Defense!” then shuffled from left to right, right to left, did fast feet, shuffled some more, jumped, jumped again, shuffled, fell back to the floor to take the charge, popped back up, fast feet again and then more shuffling for what felt like twelve hours.
These leg-burning drills seemed like time I could have spent on my jumper. But as those hours of shuffling paid off in steals, I began to see the joy of the less-celebrated side of the ball. Fast forward to college at the University of Colorado where I first learned about a mark. Without a forehand or a clue about this so-called “stack,” I was grateful to all those tyrannical basketball coaches for instilling me with the fundamentals of defense so at the very least I could make my opponent run - and maybe even get a steal.
The Building Blocks
Whether you're a beginner with no forehand, a coach looking for new drills or a long-time player looking for a refresher, this defensive positioning module will begin with some basic exercises and ramp up to drills you can do with a partner or in a small group. There will be resources for film study and areas for discussion. In the next month, we'll go over the building blocks of defensive positioning which include:
Moving laterally and backward
Maintaining an athletic stance
Keeping your head up
Getting lots of ground touches
Initiating and absorbing contact
Picking your spot or deciding what to take away
Defensive Positioning Drill
Defensive positioning is dictated by where the disc is on the field and what you as the defender are choosing to take away. To conceptualize this without a field full of people, one drill we'll go over is a simple rectangle drill where each corner represents an offensive cutting option (See Figure 1).
For this drill you'll need:
Four cones (Or markers)
A partner
Your partner will start on the Break Side In cone, make a V-cut and run toward the Open Side In Cone. (See Figure 2)
It's your job as the defender to:
Break down low when your opponent begins the in-cut (No popping up!)
Maintain contact
Stay on the correct side of the cutter
Start slow so you can practice turning breaking down, turning your hips and maintaining contact.
As far as hip positioning, you will begin with your hips facing the offense, then you will run parallel with your cutter (hips facing same direction as cutter), as you break down you will turn your hips toward the cutter then drop step and resume running parallel as they commit to they cut. (See video for explanation and examples)
Get 10 reps from each side then switch to away cuts.
As you get comfortable with the rep, go to full speed. For another variation, try extending the length of the box.
Join us for footwork and more drills!
Defensive footwork and positioning has already begun in the Ultimate Skills Project. This week, we've got ladder drills plus instructions on how to build your own ladder for your footwork drills.
Join us in the Ultimate Skills Project now for four weeks of instruction from Carolyn Matthews. Each week is designed to be done one your own or with a partner in 1-2 hours per week.
Jim Fitzgerald, The Associated Press
WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. -- Sandy Del Duca was mourning the death of their father when Lulu, a curly haired goldendoodle, came bounding down the stairs at the Ballard-Durand funeral home.
Del Duca thought Lulu was simply the pet of funeral homeowner Matthew Fiorillo, whom they were meeting to make arrangements. But the dog also works there -- one of an increasing number of dogs being offered by American funeral homes to comfort mourners.
It didn't take long for Del Duca to be won over.
"That dog looked into my eyes and I was done," Del Duca said. "She seemed to know just what I needed. A funeral is a funeral, it's not a great thing. But that dog gave the service a family atmosphere and made it more of a celebration."
Funeral directors say dogs, especially trained therapy animals, can lighten the often awkward, tense atmosphere at a wake or funeral service, and sometimes seem to know exactly who needs their help.
Whenever a dog joins a group of mourners, "the atmosphere changes," said Mark Krause, owner and president of Krause Funeral Home and Cremation Service in Milwaukee. "In a funeral home, people are typically on edge, uncomfortable. But everyone lights up, everyone has to greet the dog."
Krause bought Oliver, a Portuguese water dog, in 2001 to be a family pet. But their wife had Oliver trained to be a therapy dog and they made the usual therapy-dog visits: schools, nursing homes, hospitals.
"Then my wife said, 'Why can't they do this in the funeral home?' and in the 10-plus years we had him, they probably touched a couple thousand families," Krause said. Oliver seemed to "sense grief and who needed him."
In one case, a boy about 7 years old had lost their 3-year-old sister and had stopped talking, even to their parents.
"The minute the dog came in, the boy started talking to them about their sister," Krause said. "This little boy tells the dog, 'I don't know why everyone's so upset, my sister said she's fine where they are."'
"I don't suppose Oliver understood, but they looked at the boy as if they did," Krause added.
Oliver died in 2011 -- their funeral was attended by 150 people and many of their pets -- and has been succeeded by another Portuguese water dog, Benny.
When Oliver started, a dog in a funeral home was a rare sight. Statistics aren't kept, but Jessica Koth, spokesperson for the National Funeral Directors Association, said, "We hear from members that more and more of them are bringing animals into funeral homes, be it a dog or a cat, whether it's a certified therapy dog or just an extremely well-behaved family pet."
Some of the funeral directors are dubious about cats, however.
"Dogs are the only creature that love you more than they love themselves," Krause said. "Cats tend to lurk. They could surprise people."
Added Fiorillo, "I've never seen a gregarious cat."
Gayle Armes, owner of the Armes-Hunt funeral homes in Fairmount and Marion, Indiana, says their dog Judd, a golden retriever, serves a vital function by giving mourners "something else to focus on."
"The ones who need it, they tend to go over to him, maybe kneel and love on them and they love on them," Armes said.
At Merkel Funeral Service, based in Monroe, Michigan, outreach co-ordinator Renee Mullendore said the owner's cockapoo, Lola, "can pick out who needs attention" and sometimes tries to sit on their laps.
In White Plains, 1-year-old Lulu has been on duty since last month. They live with Fiorillo and their devotion to them is evident as they follow their every step and command. Lulu even "prays" when prompted, bowing their head between their front paws while perched on a kneeler.
Fiorillo said they first thought about using a dog in the business when they saw how a tiny Maltese being carried through an airport helped distract and calm passengers as flights were being cancelled and delayed.
"My purpose was to take a tense, uncomfortable situation and ease the tension a little bit," they said.
They bought Lulu as a newborn and had them trained for almost a year for a total cost of about $5,000. They wear a blue and white vest that says "Therapy Dog" on one side and "Pet me, I'm friendly" on the other.
When mourners come to the stately funeral home to make arrangements, Fiorillo asks if they'd like to meet Lulu and tells them she's available -- no extra charge -- for any wake or funeral. Almost all have accepted.
Lulu has their own business cards and "sends" thank-you notes to children she's befriended.
News Researcher Jennifer Farrar contributed from New York.
Mission Reports
For 14 years, Spaceflight Now has been providing unrivaled coverage of U.S. space launches. Comprehensive reports and voluminous amounts of video are available in our archives.
Space Shuttle
Atlas | Delta | Pegasus
Minotaur | Taurus | Falcon
Titan
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest space news e-mailed direct to your desktop.
Enter your e-mail address:
Privacy note: your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose.
Advertisement
Space Books
Boeing, SpaceX told to stop work under crew contracts
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted: October 1, 2014
TORONTO -- NASA has directed Boeing and SpaceX to halt activities under contracts awarded last month to build commercial space taxis to ferry astronauts to the the International Space Station while the U.S. Government Accountability Office reviews a protest of NASA's contract decision filed by Sierra Nevada Corp.
Boeing, Sierra Nevada and SpaceX competed for contracts to build, test and fly commercial human-rated spacecraft to carry astronauts into low Earth orbit.. Credit: NASA
Boeing and SpaceX beat out Sierra Nevada for the contracts, which are worth up to $6.8 billion and cover development, testing and operational flights through 2019 if NASA exercises all options in both deals. NASA announced the winners of the Commercial Crew Transportation Capability, or CCtCap, contracts Sept. 16, and Sierra Nevada filed a protest to the GAO on Sept. 26, seeking "a further detailed review and evaluation of the submitted proposals and capabilities," the company said in a statement. The legal challenge stops any work to be executed under the Boeing and SpaceX contracts, according to Stephanie Schierholz, a NASA spokesperson. "Pursuant to the GAO protest, NASA has instructed Boeing and SpaceX to stop performance of the CCtCap contract," Schierholz said. Officials did not say if the work stoppage prevents activities using internal funds. The GAO has until Jan. 5 to recommend a response to Sierra Nevada's challenge, but the congressional watchdog agency could release a ruling within weeks. According to GAO data, about 42 percent of bid protests submitted to the agency from fiscal year 2008 to fiscal year 2012 were sustained by the GAO or resolved with voluntary action. If the GAO rules in favor of Sierra Nevada, NASA could change its decision or re-compete the commercial crew contract. Sierra Nevada said there were "serious questions and inconsistencies in the source selection process" that prompted the contract protest. "SNC believes the result of further evaluation of the proposals submitted will be that America ends up with a more capable vehicle, at a much lower cost, with a robust and sustainable future," Sierra Nevada said in a press release. Sierra Nevada's bid to complete development of its Dream Chaser lifting body -- designed to take off on top of a rocket and return to a runway landing -- asked for $900 million less than Boeing, the company said. The Dream Chaser proposal was deemed "near equivalent" to Boeing and SpaceX's bids in scoring on technical merit and past performance, according to Sierra Nevada. NASA has not released information on the reasons for choosing Boeing and SpaceX over Sierra Nevada, which touts the Dream Chaser's ability to return to a softer landing than its competitors, along with other mission options such as satellite servicing, cargo delivery, and orbital debris removal. Before the protest, Boeing was poised to carry on work on its CST-100 crew capsule under a $4.2 billion contract, and SpaceX won a $2.6 billion deal to develop a human-rated version of its Dragon spacecraft. NASA officials have said both companies are on track to begin operational crew launches by the end of 2017, ending U.S. reliance on Russian Soyuz spacecraft to carry astronauts between Earth and the space station. But NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden, speaking to reporters at the 65th International Astronautical Congress here, declined to answer any questions on the commercial crew program, citing legal sensitivities after Sierra Nevada's challenge to the GAO. Bill Gerstenmaier, head of the space agency's human spaceflight programs, also deferred questions on the protest's impact to Boeing and SpaceX's schedules. Boeing has completed work on a preceding agreement with NASA that led into the CCtCap phase of the commercial crew program. SpaceX is putting its Dragon crew capsule through structural qualification testing, then engineers will gear up for a Dragon abort test before finishing milestones under the company's previous cost-sharing agreement with NASA. Those milestones are not affected by Sierra Nevada's protest, but any work to kick off tasks identified in the new contract could be delayed, officials said. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
“What's a pop-up?”
It's the question that Kathryn LaSusa Yeomans gets asked the most about their recent venture. A seasoned chef who early in their career trained with the likes of Lidia Bastianich and Diana Kennedy, Yeomans worked in restaurants in their home state of New York and in their adopted home in Portland, Oregon.
At a certain point, though, they needed to break free of the constraints of restaurant kitchens to pursue their dream of teaching people to cook using market-fresh, seasonal ingredients. With the birth of their own company, The Farmer's Feast, they started doing cooking classes at area farmers' markets, as well as for Roger Konka's Springwater Farm, demonstrating how to cook with their foraged greens and mushrooms.
It was Konka who first suggested selling food as well as doing demonstrations, and it wasn't long before there was talk of holding dinners for their growing throng of fans. They'd been renting space in a local restaurant for their commissary kitchen, and the owner was enthusiastic about having them use the place for dinners on nights when the restaurant was closed.
About the same time the idea of pop-up restaurants was gaining popularity, where a chef takes over a restaurant kitchen, offering a set menu to those who'd reserved a seat in advance. Using social media and flyers passed out at the markets to get the word out, Yeomans and Konka started featuring menus ranging from Mexican to Italian to one showcasing local truffles in everything from appetizers to dessert.
The dinners attracted customers by the dozens. One of those was Alan Richman, a food writer for GQ magazine, who was passing through town and happened to pick up a flyer for Yeomans' first pop-up brunch happening the next day.
“It wasn't just Portland food,” they said of Yeomans' menu. “This was idealized Portland food, the kind I thought I would find in every restaurant but did not. This was a glorification of farm, field, woods, and wild.”
Most chefs could open a restaurant on that kind of rave from a nationally renowned critic, but Yeomans isn't sure that's what they want for their next venture.
“There is no grand plan—it's just happening” they said, though they admitted they do have a goal in mind. “I want my own kitchen and a space where I could teach, a teaching kitchen where we have dinners.”
As Robert Frost said in their poem of the road not taken, “I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.”
Text by Kathleen Bauer
This is the menu that was served at the event:
The Holiday Feast Menu
Passed Hors d'Oeuvres: Shiitake Tempura with Mushroom Catsup,
Tamworth Pork Rillettes with Plum Mostarda & Pickled Fiddleheads,
Grilled Lamb Liver-Matsutake Mushroom Spiedino
Baguette & Nasturtium Butter
Tamworth Pork Rillettes with Plum Mostarda & Pickled Fiddleheads, Grilled Lamb Liver-Matsutake Mushroom Spiedino Baguette & Nasturtium Butter 1st Course: Puff Pastry Vol au Vent with Prawns, Bay Shrimp,
& Sweet Cicely Root
& Sweet Cicely Root 2nd Course: Wild Winter Salad
Preserved Meyer Lemon, Wildflower Honey Vinaigrette,
& Rosemary Potato Croutons
Preserved Meyer Lemon, Wildflower Honey Vinaigrette, & Rosemary Potato Croutons 3rd Course: Chestnut & Maitake Mushroom Soup
Leeks, Thyme, Cream
Leeks, Thyme, Cream 4th Course: Roast Lamb
(Springwater Farm Heritage Jacob Sheep)
Wild Mushroom Risotto & Demi-glace
(Springwater Farm Heritage Jacob Sheep) Wild Mushroom Risotto & Demi-glace 5th Course: Douglas Fir Snow Cone Intermezzo
6th Course: English & Black Walnut Tart
with Salted-Butter Dark Caramel Ice Cream
& Smoked Old World Apples
with Salted-Butter Dark Caramel Ice Cream & Smoked Old World Apples 7th Course: Elder Flower Jellies
Our Farm Dinner events feature products that are grown & foraged by Roger Konka & their family at Springwater Farm. Chef Kathryn Yeomans complements the farm wares with local farmers' products to create menus rich in seasonal bounty. Everything is hand-made from scratch.
One tech firm wants to capitalize on President Trump's Twitter trolling -- and save puppies in the process.
Austin-based marketing company T3 has created a robot -- dubbed the "Trump and Dump" -- that analyzes Trump's Twitter feed. Every time the president sends a negative tweet about a publicly traded company, the bot automatically short sells that company's stock, which means the bot essentially places a bet that the company's stock price will go down.
And they've been making money doing it, says T3 President Ben Gaddis. The proceeds are then donated to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
"When a negative tweet goes out and has a negative impact on that company's stock, something positive comes out of it. And who doesn't love puppies and kittens?" Gaddis told CNNMoney.
Related: Becoming President more than doubled Trump's reach on Twitter
Gaddis said their company isn't yet revealing how much money they've made, but they said so far four tweets have triggered the bot to short sell since it was launched in early January. They've made "excellent" returns on three of them.
For example, when Trump tweeted about Delta's computer outage on Monday, the Trump and Dump bot was "all over it," Gaddis said, adding they saw a 4.47% return on investment.
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017
It might seem odd for a marketing firm to take on robotic short selling based on Trump's tweets, but Gaddis said T3 was perfectly poised to get the Trump and Dump bot up and running.
Related: The Twitter resistance: Fighting Trump one tweet at a time
T3 says it develops social strategy for some major companies, such as Capital One and UPS. Part of what T3 does is build algorithms that can determine whether a tweet is saying something positive or negative about a company.
"All we had to do is take that knowledge and translate it into a trading platform," Gaddis said. They said after the idea was born, it took a T3 engineer two and a half days to get the bot up and running.
Editor's note: Michael Hung is a chef and writer living in San Francisco.
By Michael Hung , Special to CNN
(CNN) - I've had three long-term relationships in my life, all with Asian-American women.
It was never a conscious decision to date solely within my race. In most ways, those relationships were serendipitous. I'd met intelligent, loving, beautiful girls who happened to look like me. But this idea of happy coincidence, in retrospect, was only partially true.
While I never sought to date within my race exclusively, it was, admittedly, easier.
Easier in that they automatically removed their shoes at the door. Easier in that I could slurp noodles and gnaw at chicken feet unabashed. And easier on my ego, because when I asked an Asian-American girl for their phone number, they would give it. I would not be dismissed, or snickered at, or overhear, "But he's Asian," from a friend on the wing.
I attributed the difficulties of dating outside my race to external factors, social forces I'd learned about in college classes. I was subject to the model minority myth: How sexy can a calculator toting conformist be? I was castrated by the Chinese Exclusion Acts, where my own government once declared it illegal for my ancestors to enter the country I call home.
Those laws, in existence until 1943, surely pervaded public consciousness, and as such affected my love life, didn't they?
Mainstream media portrayals of Asian males -Mr. Yunioshi in "Breakfast at Tiffany's," William Hung on "American Idol," Hiro Nakamura, the Japanese computer engineer turned supermutant on "Heroes" - consistently cast me as a socially deficient, sexless jester.
Even the Korean pop music phenom, PSY, is known for their clownish giddy-up dance rather than their ability to croon to the ladies like Frank Sinatra.
Under these influences, how can the American public see a young Asian-American man as an object of desire? How can a young Asian-American man see themselves as a sexual creature?
What did I see when I looked in a mirror? I saw more than my genetics, more than my socially accepted role.
I saw a boy who'd once dreamed of growing up to be a chef. I saw a child who'd loved to read and had ambitions to write stories of their own. I saw that, in my early adult life, worrying about things like identity, I'd forgotten that I'd once known who I was.
And so, I left a corporate career to pursue a life in cooking. While working as a full-time chef, I completed a master's program in creative writing. My weeks had no end. Nights had little sleep. My mind and heart hadn't the space for romance as I pursued my childhood aspirations.
The paradox has been that when I developed these other identities, my romantic life blossomed. I now date more women and women from all racial backgrounds. Perhaps it is my sure sense of direction, or status that comes with hard work and success, or confidence that arises from achieving goals that women find attractive.
All these traits derive from my strong sense of self-identity developed after many years of hustle, self-reflection and commitment.
I gained an identity that set me apart from the masses in general, but especially apart from the stereotype of the soft, slant-eyed eunuch in particular.
Cook, writer, thinker, instigator - these are parts of me that I don't question.
I found another piece of myself one night, when I was 28 years old, seated beside a young woman on the polished hardwood floor of their apartment. I grasped in one hand a tangle of their sandy blond hair. My other hand rested upon their cream colored throat, my fingers gently pressed on their jugular so that I could feel their quickened pulse.
They looked at me, eyes wet and expectant, lips slightly parted. I drew my face close to hers. They strained toward me and whined when I pulled away. They grabbed the collar of my shirt, tried to pull me in, but I held fast and kept my lips just out of reach. The warmth of their breath washed over my face. Them body arched into mine. "Stop teasing, sexy man," they said. "You're a lover, aren't you?"
A lover?
Yes. That, too.
In that moment, I knew I would never question it again.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Hung.
A man who lost their daughter in April's ferry disaster ended a hunger strike on Thursday, according to their spokesperson.
Kim Young-oh, whose high school daughter died in the sunken ferry Sewol, had been fasting for nearly 50 days to demand an independent probe into one of the country's deadliest maritime accidents that has left nearly 300 people dead or missing.
"Kim Young-oh, the father of Yoo-min, ended fasting as of today," Yoo Kyung-geun, the spokesperson for the victims' families, said.
Last week, the father was sent to a hospital in northeastern Seoul from the site of their protest in Gwanghwamun Square in the city center due to health issues. They returned to the site the next day.
The 6,825-ton ferry Sewol sank off the country's southwest coast on April 16, leaving 294 people dead, mostly high school students on a school excursion. As of Thursday, 10 people remained unaccounted for. (Yonhap)
A 29-year-old is among the hundreds of adult asylum-seekers in Britain who lied to officials and posed as children, according to newly released official figures.
Official age assessments carried out by social workers across the country revealed that a staggering number of those claiming to be lone refugee children were far older than they pretended to be.
In some cases they were close to 30 and could have posed a risk to school pupils or foster families had they not been checked.
Migrants arriving from the Jungle camp in Calais (not those who were found to be older by social workers)
The revelation comes after concerns were raised that some of the refugees allowed into Britain from the Jungle camp in Calais were no longer teenagers.
Figures obtained by The Mail on Sunday from 50 local authorities across England show that social workers carried out 2,028 age tests between 2013-14 and 2015-16. Over these three years, almost one in four of the claimants – 465 – were found to be over 18.
Detailed figures provided under the Freedom of Information Act to this newspaper show that the eldest was found to be almost twice as old as they had claimed.
The man, assessed by Hampshire County Council in 2014-15, claimed to be 17 but was ‘assessed as 29'. In Portsmouth last year, a man claimed to be 17 but was assessed as being 26. And in Manchester in 2013-14, a woman said they were 17 but was also found to be 26.
In Hillingdon, West London, a man who said they were just 15 was assessed as being 25 – a full decade older. Another man was found to be 25, in Newcastle, although they claimed they were just 17. Astonishingly, in some areas almost every claimant considered turned out to be aged over 18.
Last night Tory backbench MP David Davies, who led calls for young asylum-seekers to undergo dental X-rays to determine their real age, said: ‘This backs up everything I've been saying and I make no apology for saying we need to have medical checks for people who appear to be over 18.
Two refugees arrive in Britain from the Calais jungle camp, amid concerns many 'children' were lying about their age. These people are not those found by authorities as having fabricated their ages
‘The alternative is that men in their late 20s end up being put in foster homes with vulnerable children and in classrooms, with all the risks that entails to children's welfare.'
Overall, the number of people arriving in Britain and claiming to be lone refugee children has almost tripled in recent years, Home Office figures reveal, from 1,125 in 2012 to 3,253 in 2016.
The Home Office said it had transferred more than 750 lone children from France to the UK since October 2016 and all of them were age-assessed.
KOZHIKODE: In an attempt to remove misconceptions and integrate the community further into the mainstream, an educational society is offering sponsored coaching to Muslim youths to help them join the Intelligence Bureau (IB), the nation's premier internal intelligence-gathering agency. Al Ameen Educational and Charitable Society , based here, has tied up with Enlight Study Circle , a professional entrance coaching centre , to enable candidates from the minority community crack the upcoming exams for 750 vacancies of Assistant Central Intelligence Officer-Grade II posts in the IB. It is offering cash scholarship for the 45-day coaching programme."The number of Muslims in the rolls of IB is dismal; as per our information it is just around 2%. We also feel that under-representation of Muslims in the agency could be a reason why sometimes the agency is perceived as anti-Muslim. Having more Muslims will surely make the agency more inclusive and truly representative," Shahid Thiruvalloor, secretary of Al Ameen Educational Society, said.According to National Commission for Minorities the percentage of Muslims in security agencies is around 4%. The Sachar Committee report had found that in India as a whole, Muslims are under-represented in the police — just 6% of police constables and 4% in the IPS."Our coaching programme is open for candidates from all religions and communities. But Al Ameen is giving financial sponsorship to students from the Muslim community which will cover part of the course expense," said T K Abhijith, a trainer with Enlight.Candidates aged between 18-27 years are eligible for the IB exam, which has two papers. Paper I focus on general awareness/general knowledge, reasoning, comprehension, mathematical ability etc, while Paper 2 will be designed to check English writing skill and analytical capability. It will be followed by an interview and successful candidates will have to clear character and antecedent verification, and medical examination.
Commenting on a new joint interview with John McCain and Sarah Palin, NBC News Political Director Chuck Todd described the Republican ticket as lacking cohesion, chemistry, and (he hinted) trust.
"There was a tenseness," Todd told MSNBC's Chris Matthews. "I couldn't see chemistry between John McCain and Sarah Palin. I felt as if we grabbed two people and said 'here, sit next to each other, we are going to conduct an interview.' They are not comfortable with each other yet."
Todd, who was remarking on the interview conducted by NBC's Brian Williams (he was in the room), speculated that the candidates had come to the realization that "they are losing" the campaign, and guessed that McCain may have begun to hold their vice presidential choice responsible for their dwindling White House chances.
"When you see the two of them together, the chemistry is just not there. You do wonder, is John McCain starting to blame them for things? Blaming himself? Are they blaming him?" asked the highly regarded NBC newsman. "And maybe they don't feel they can win right now, so they are missing that intensity. That was the thing that struck me more than anything. You almost wonder why they wanted the two of them sitting next to each other."
The interview, Williams said, would air over the course of three days. And some actual news - beyond the body language - was drawn from the proceedings: Palin, apparently to their own staff's surprise, promised to release their medical records.
Trespassing and weapons charges against a process server attempting to deliver a subpoena to Lee County Sheriff Tracy Carter have been dropped by prosecutors, according to public documents on file at the Lee County Clerk of Court.
Multiple outlets reported last week that a federal judge had granted a restraining order against Carter in connection with the arrest of the 71-year-old process server, Robert Terry Wade of Clayton. Wade was charged on May 12 by Lee deputies with trespassing and carrying a concealed weapon as they attempted to bring the subpoena to testify in a federal lawsuit against the Lee County Sheriff's Office to Carter at their home.
According to WRAL, Wade said in court documents that “when they showed up at Carter's house, the sheriff yelled at them and blocked them from leaving until deputies showed up to arrest the man.”
Tuesday, Lee County prosecutor Ray Pleasant signed a dismissal of both charges, writing “interest of justice” as their rationale.
The Sanford Herald reported Saturday (subscription required) that all of the parties in the lawsuit, including Carter and Lee County Attorney Kerry Schmid, had declined comment. But a magistrate's order obtained by the Rant outlines in legalese the sheriff's version of events.
The order indicates that Brad Wood, a Winston-Salem attorney contracted by the county to defend against the lawsuit, had ordered Wade to deliver any subpoenas to them personally.
“…the defendant named above unlawfully and willfully did without authorization enters (sic) and remains (sic) on the premises of TRACY CARTER,” reads the order, before noting that they had been “notified not to enter or remain there by the owner, a person in charge of the premises and a lawful occupant, TRACY CARTER VIA LEE COUNTY ATTORNEY BRAD WOOD.”
The order also indicates that the concealed weapon in question was a “SMITH AND WESSON BODYGUARD .380 PISTOL.”
According to The Herald's report, the lawsuit itself dates to 2009, when Steven Wayne Thomas “sued the sheriff's office for $5 million … after an incident in which they alleged deputies used excessive force by punching them repeatedly and shocking them with a stun gun after they were handcuffed on the ground.”
Thomas' attorney is Kieran Shanahan, a Republican and onetime Raleigh City Councilman who also served as N.C. Governor Pat McCrory's Superintendent of Public Safety for several months in 2013.
Advertisements
(ANSA) - Rome, April 21 - Rome's famed 2000-year-old pyramid has been restored to its gleaming white ancient glory following a two-million-euro project.
The Egyptian-style pyramid-shaped tomb of Gaius Cestius, an Augustan era general, reopened to the public this week following an extensive restoration initiated in March 2013. Japanese fashion mogul Yuzo Yagi who funded the project said "It is extraordinary to return it to the white city like [it was] two thousand years ago. It was a great job with an incredible team led by two women", referring to Rita Paris and Maria Grazia Filetici, Italy's archaeological superintendency directors who oversaw the project.
The 120 foot-high pyramid, according to Paris, was constructed in 330 days, made of white Carrara marble. The 21st century restoration of the 2000-year-old tomb took a cumulative 327 days, 75 days less than projected.
Yagi donated two million euros to the innovative internal and external restoration that required a mix of traditional and non-tradition conservation in areas such as vegetation removal, marble façade protection, marble panel stabilization and damage prevention, and a handicap-accessible entrance ramp.
The restoration was much needed after centuries of wear and tear, which included, as Paris detailed, the tomb's incorporation into the 3rd century AD walls, looting in the Middle Ages, mid-17th century restoration, and use as a meeting spot in the 19th century.
Present at the invitation-only inauguration was Umberto Vattani, president of the Italy-Japan Foundation, cultural and foreign affairs undersecretaries Francesca Barracciu and Benedetto Della Vedova, Rome Cultural Heritage superintendent Francesco Prosperetti, and Rome Mayor Ignazio Marino.
Barracciu said that the restoration was "a brilliant best practice that strengthens our belief that the public and private collaboration is a way to go again with more determination. And since last July's Art Bonus, we are very confident ".
When asked if Yagi would finance future heritage projects in Italy, the fashion mogul said "we have a long list of aid to Japan, for the tsunami-affected areas. But I would be happy to return in the coming years".
(NASA) – As the closest planet to the sun, Mercury is scorching hot, with daytime temperatures of more than 800 degrees Fahrenheit (approximately 450 degrees Celsius). It is also the smallest rocky planet, so its gravity is weak, only about 38 percent of Earth's. These conditions make it hard for the planet to hold on to its atmosphere, which is extremely thin, and invisible to the human eye. However, it can be seen by special instruments attached to telescopes and spacecraft like MESSENGER (MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging).
This is a diagram of the October 6, 2008, MESSENGER flyby that revealed magnetic tornadoes forming in Mercury's magnetic field. The tornadoes are corkscrew-shaped bundles of twisted magnetic fields and plasma. The pink area represents the boundary of Mercury's magnetic field, called the magnetopause. The tornadoes are technically known as “flux transfer events” (twisted lines) when they form at the magnetopause and “plasmoids” (yellow areas) when they form in the long magnetic “tail” extending from the night-side of Mercury. The large magnetic field leakage through the magnetopause and the flux transfer events acts as open channels through which the solar wind can flow down to the surface of the planet and sputter neutral atoms into Mercury's atmosphere. Credit: Image produced by NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center/Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory/Carnegie Institution of Washington. Image reproduced courtesy of Science/AAAS.
“Mercury's atmosphere is so thin, it would have vanished long ago unless something was replenishing it,” says Dr. James A. Slavin of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md., a co-investigator on NASA's MESSENGER mission to Mercury. That something could be the solar wind, a thin gas of electrically charged particles, called a plasma, which blows constantly from the surface of the sun. The solar wind moves quickly, usually around 250 to 370 miles per second (about 400 to 600 kilometers/second); fast enough to blast atoms off the surface of Mercury. Through a process called “sputtering,” solar wind particles that crash into Mercury's surface transfer sufficient energy to launch some atoms into ballistic trajectories high above the surface and replenish Mercury's atmosphere, according to Slavin.
However, there's a problem – Mercury's magnetic field gets in the way. MESSENGER's first flyby on January 14, 2008, confirmed that the planet has a global magnetic field, as first discovered by the Mariner 10 spacecraft during its flybys of the planet in 1974 and 1975.
The ions and electrons that make up the solar wind are electrically charged and “feel” magnetic forces, so a global magnetic field usually deflects the solar wind. However, global magnetic fields are leaky shields and, under the right conditions, they are known to develop holes through which the solar wind can flow.
During its second flyby of the planet on October 6, 2008, MESSENGER discovered that Mercury's magnetic field can be extremely leaky indeed. The spacecraft encountered magnetic “tornadoes” – twisted bundles of magnetic fields connecting the planetary magnetic field to interplanetary space – that were up to 500 miles wide or a third of the radius of the planet.
“These ‘tornadoes' form when magnetic fields carried by the solar wind connect to Mercury's magnetic field,” said Slavin. “As the solar wind blows past Mercury's field, these joined magnetic fields are carried with it and twist up into vortex-like structures. These twisted magnetic flux tubes, technically known as flux transfer events, form open windows in the planet's magnetic shield through which the solar wind may enter and directly impact Mercury's surface.”
Venus, Earth, and even Mars have thick atmospheres compared to Mercury, so the solar wind never makes it to the surface of these planets, even if there is no global magnetic field in the way, as is the case for Venus and Mars. Instead, it hits the upper atmosphere of these worlds, where it has the opposite effect to that on Mercury, gradually stripping away atmospheric gas as it blows by.
Venus has a thick atmosphere that may be replenished by volcanoes, so losses to the solar wind are insignificant. Mars is a different story. Mars lost its global magnetic field billions of years ago. With little apparent volcanic activity since then, the solar wind could have eroded a significant portion of the Red Planet's atmosphere.
Features on Mars resembling dry riverbeds, and the discovery of minerals that form in the presence of water, indicate that Mars once had a thicker atmosphere that kept it warm enough for liquid water to flow on the surface. However, somehow that much thicker ancient atmosphere got lost, because it appears Mars has been cold and dry for billions of years.
In 2013, NASA plans to launch a mission to Mars called MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission). It will explore the various ways Mars loses its atmosphere to space, including how much may have been stripped away by the solar wind.
The process of linking interplanetary and planetary magnetic fields, called magnetic reconnection, is common throughout the cosmos. It occurs in Earth's magnetic field, where it generates magnetic tornadoes as well. However, the MESSENGER observations show the reconnection rate is ten times higher at Mercury.
“Mercury's proximity to the sun only accounts for about a third of the reconnection rate we see,” said Slavin. “It will be exciting to see what's special about Mercury to explain the rest. We'll get more clues from MESSENGER's third flyby on September 29, 2009, and when we get into orbit in March 2011.”
Slavin's MESSENGER research was funded by NASA and is the subject of a paper that appeared in the journal Science on May 1, 2009.
MESSENGER is a NASA-sponsored scientific investigation of the planet Mercury and the first space mission designed to orbit the planet closest to the Sun. The MESSENGER spacecraft launched on August 3, 2004, and after flybys of Earth, Venus, and Mercury will start a yearlong study of its target planet in March 2011. Dr. Sean C. Solomon, of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, leads the mission as Principal Investigator. The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, Laurel, Md., built and operates the MESSENGER spacecraft and manages this Discovery-class mission for NASA.
Feel free to discuss this article in the forum… or chat…
Yuan Yuan Tan's 20 stellar years at S.F. Ballet
“I am happy to still dance a lot,” says Yuan Yuan Tan, here outside the Opera House. “My body is still responsive.” “I am happy to still dance a lot,” says Yuan Yuan Tan, here outside the Opera House. “My body is still responsive.” Photo: Scott Strazzante / Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Scott Strazzante / Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Yuan Yuan Tan's 20 stellar years at S.F. Ballet 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
On an autumn afternoon 20 years ago, Yuan Yuan Tan arrived in town speaking no English, bearing a single suitcase and alarmingly little poundage on their 5-foot-4 frame. Only a few weeks later, they made their San Francisco Ballet debut as Sugar Plum in a midweek “Nutcracker” matinee, and those of us who were present rubbed our critical eyes in disbelief. Tan soon confirmed their talents with a dazzling “Esmeralda” pas de deux in the season opening gala.
They came here as a guest artist. But those two performances sufficed: Artistic Director Helgi Tomasson offered them a soloist contract on the condition that they put on some weight. When they asked him, “How much,” they replied, “I will tell you when it is enough.”
Two decades later, Tan remains the only Chinese-born ballerina to achieve international stature. The years have treated them kindly, and when not in San Francisco, you might find them guesting in Hamburg or Beijing, or posing for a glossy magazine spread. The camera adores them as much as the audience.
In the midst of rehearsals for the San Francisco Ballet's revival of Jerome Robbins' “Dances at a Gathering,” Tan sits for an interview in a small office in the Chris Hellman Center for Dance.  They are infinitely affable, and their English gets right to the point. What kind of wisdom accrues to a dancer at the peak of their profession?
“I have learned,” the Shanghai native says in a singing tone that precludes irony, “to be patient. Things don't always happen the way one wishes they would. A career takes time, the same as in real life. But I am happy to still dance a lot. My body is still responsive. I have been careful not to push too much.”
Thus, Tan's omnipresence on the season schedule. Them current workload, framed by performances of “Giselle” and “Romeo and Juliet,” includes ballets by Tomasson, Robbins, George Balanchine, Marius Petipa, Liam Scarlett, Alexei Ratmansky and resident choreographer Yuri Possokhov, who they feel has peered closely into their soul.
They danced Juliet in their farewell performance. They cast them in their first San Francisco Ballet commission, “Magrittomania.” They deeply stirred audiences in their “RAkU” earlier this season. And they will participate in the premiere of Possokhov's upcoming “Swimmer.”
A summary of Tan's rise for the past two decades suggests that they have been blessed. Talent, of course, had everything to do with it. And so did Tomasson, always eager to recruit dancers with promise, wherever they found them.
Tipped off by a friend about this extraordinary teenager, they caught Tan at the Fifth International Ballet Competition in Paris in 1992, when they took the gold medal, junior division. A late starter, despite parental reservations they had entered the Shanghai Dancing School at 12 and had begun a scholarship at Stuttgart's John Cranko School when they accepted the bedazzled Tomasson's offer to dance here.
Early challenges
That first season, they threw several repertory challenges at Tan, not the least Balanchine's “Violin Concerto” and “Bugaku.” They giggle as they recall the experience. “I had never heard Stravinsky's music or seen Balanchine. I wondered what was going on. Counting the phrases in Chinese was not easy.”
Tomasson promoted Tan to principal in 1997, and the following year, a new “Swan Lake” represented their first experience with a Romantic classic. It was, as Tan will admit, a first stab at what has become a more rounded characterization.
Tan might have coasted on their gorgeous proportions, remarkable buoyancy, superb powers of articulation and extremities that seem to reach for the ideal. But this career has been a constant learning process.
In a company rehearsal of “Dances at a Gathering,” while other dancers seemed to relax a bit, Tan spent the time polishing a duet with partner Carlos Quenedit. The palms at the end of their stretched arms touched like passing feathers before they fell into their arms. It's one of those obsessive Robbins details that make the ballet a wonder.
Tan is still refining their repertory. This year, they finally felt satisfied with their interpretation of Giselle. “This happy little bumblebee flits around and forgets they have heart trouble until they go mad. I must be careful with the transition. Then in the second act, when Giselle returns from the dead, they must defy gravity.”
As Tan looks back on the last two decades, they cite a few individuals who have meant something special in their evolution. In addition to Tomasson's vision of what they could be, the dancer mentions now-retired Damian Smith.
“For 19 years, they were a great friend and a fantastic partner,” said Tan. “We would review the steps and just do them. We were comfortable together from day one. With Damian, it was always the steps that tell the story.”
'Mermaid' a highlight
They also praise Christopher Wheeldon, who has made eight ballets for them But Tan reserves a special place in their personal pantheon for John Neumeier, the artistic director of Germany's Hamburg Ballet. Their “Little Mermaid” here in 2010 afforded the dancer an artistic satisfaction they had not experienced previously and generated a performance that marked a career high. Neumeier used Tan's ethereal beauty and willowy technique in the service of a profound expression of intense spiritual longing.
“John gets into your head,” Tan says. “He makes you want to do more, to dedicate yourself to being onstage. Their ballet made me feel inspired.”
Tan hasn't yet done it all. They still covet Neumeier's “Lady of the Camellias,” Kenneth Macmillan's “Manon” and a complete “Bayadère.” But at least they finally danced in Cranko's “Onegin,” a video clip of which had obsessed them since their school days.
Tan has not forgotten their roots. They had much to do with facilitating the San Francisco Ballet's historic tour to China in 2009, and they have pledged “to serve as a bridge for dance between China and the United States.” They perform several times a year in their native land and frequently participates in ballet competition juries.
“There is great talent now in China and good training,” Tan says. “The problem is that they have little repertoire to dance and little access to international stages. You have to be very focused to believe in yourself and you can do it.”
Despite all that magazine exposure, Tan has imposed a limit in an area of their career that has attracted other dancers. “I just don't do much social media. No, it is more important,” they say, “to strike a balance between ballet and real life.”
That, truly, is wisdom.
Allan Ulrich is The San Francisco Chronicle's dance correspondent.
San Francisco Ballet: Through May 10. $62-$302. War Memorial Opera House, 301 Van Ness Ave., S.F. (415) 865-2000. www.sfballet.org.
Here's a link to a nice F#-Rx sample showing how to get a very nice syntax for Reactive Extensions by using F# LINQ computation expressions. (If you know Rx users who haven't yet discovered F#, this might get them interested!)
open System
open System.Linq
open System.Reactive.Linq
type rxBuilder() =
member this.Bind ((xs:'a IObservable), (f:'a -> 'b IObservable)) =
Observable.SelectMany (xs, f)
member this.Delay f = Observable.Defer f
member this.Return x = Observable.Return x
member this.ReturnFrom xs = xs
member this.Combine (xs:'a IObservable, ys: 'a IObservable) =
Observable.Concat (xs, ys)
member this.For (xs : 'a seq, f: 'a -> 'b IObservable) =
Observable.For(xs, new Func<_, IObservable<_>>(f))
member this.TryFinally (xs: 'a IObservable, f : unit -> unit) =
Observable.Finally(xs, new Action(f))
member this.TryWith (xs: 'a IObservable, f: exn -> 'a IObservable) =
Observable.Catch (xs, new Func<exn, 'a IObservable>(f))
member this.While (f, xs: 'a IObservable) =
Observable.While (new Func<bool>(f), xs)
member this.Yield x = Observable.Return x
member this.YieldFrom xs = xs
member this.Zero () = Observable.Empty()
let rx = rxBuilder()
// Rx combinators
let repeat (xs:IObservable<_>) = xs.Repeat()
// Sample usages
let xs = rx { yield 42
yield 43 }
let ys = rx { yield 42
yield! xs }
let zs = rx { for i = 0 to 10 do yield i }
let redTime = rx { while (DateTime.Now.Second > 30) do
yield ConsoleColor.Red }
let blueTime = rx { while (DateTime.Now.Second < 30) do
yield ConsoleColor.Green }
letcoloredTime = rx { yield! redTime
yield! blueTime } |> repeat
Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince has called for the implementation of a framework to govern how the internet's gatekeepers deal with cases like The Daily Stormer. This comes after a number of tech companies have revoked support for the neo-Nazi website for its close association with the violent far-right demonstrations in Charlottesville.
Seven-year-old Cloudflare took the step of cutting support for The Daily Stormer website on Thursday, which is notable as it's the first time it has ever removed a customer from its service.
Far from energized by the decision, which saw Cloudflare follow in the footsteps of Google, Facebook, Apple, PayPal, GoDaddy, Spotify and others that took action, Prince voiced concern with a lack of a system to manage censorship decisions with consistency and objectivity.
“What I find troubling is that I woke up this morning and said we'll kick them off our service and that will effectively kick them off the internet,” they told TechCrunch in a phone interview. “[The day] sucked and I worry we made an arbitrary decision.”
“If I'm self-critical, it's a decision we should have a framework around,” Prince added. “How can we do it in a more disciplined and thorough and predictable and transparent way?”
Cloudflare's primary service is a content delivery network that helps websites load quickly, but it also protects them against rushes of traffic, including DDoS attacks designed to knock them offline. The site claims to handle around 10 percent of the internet's total traffic, with over six million websites using its products, which include free and priced tiers.
In the past it protected noble causes like pro-democracy websites in Hong Kong that were under huge attacks thought to be from the Chinese government, but it has often come under fire for a no-censorship policy that has seen its tech used by terrorists, hackers, scammers, and other undesirable groups since its launch in 2010. Prince has consistently pointed out that allowing free speech does not equate to supporting a cause.
“I know that Nazis are bad, the content [on The Daily Stormer] was so incredibly repulsive, it's stomach turning how bad it is,” Prince explained. “But I do believe that the best way to battle bad speech is with good speech, I'm skeptical that censorship is the right scheme.””
“I'm worried the decision we made with respect to this one particular site is not particularly principled but neither was the decision that most tech companies made with respect to this site or other sites. It's important that we know there is convention about how we create principles and how contraptions are regulated in the internet tech stack,” Prince added.
The Cloudflare CEO said they are aware that there's no right answer in this situation, and he's hopeful that the reaction to their company's move — and the moves of other key internet stakeholders — can kick-start a debate on how to manage cases of hate speech and other abhorrent content on the internet using a system rather than one-off decisions.
“We didn't just wake up and make some capricious decision, but we could have and that's terrifying. The internet is a really important resource for everyone, but there's a very limited set of companies that control it and there's such little accountability to us that it really is quite a dangerous thing,” Prince added.
Cloudflare has worked with industry stakeholders on controversial content before. Its Project Galileo initiative engages NGOs and civil liberty groups to help define and identify free-expression outlets that are deserving of its support for their cause. That's how it began working with pro-democracy groups in Hong Kong. Any new initiative, however, would be the polar opposite of Project Galileo — targeted at outing sites that should not exist on the internet, rather than those in need of protection.
Prince said they plan to speak to other stakeholders in the internet content space, but they admitted that they don't have a definitive plan on what steps should be taken next. He's still adjusting to the move that Cloudflare made, which represented an about-turn on its policy 24 hours earlier, they said.
Prince didn't rule out expanding the ban on The Daily Stormer to other far-right websites, but they said he'd prefer to have a conversation or implement more structured thinking before making such a move.
“This is a very special situation and an exception that demands we sift through what the rules are,” they explained.
Prince admitted that Cloudflare had considered removing services from The Daily Stormer earlier this year after the site came to their attention following a ProPublica report published in May. The article revealed how the neo-Nazi site was using Cloudflare's customer feedback policy to harass people who lodged complaints against its content.
That story led to Cloudflare altering its abuse policy, but it continued to serve the site despite its “abhorrent behavior.”
Prince said it decided to take action when, in addition to increased public opinion, Cloudflare noticed that The Daily Stormer was claiming that their company was aligned with the website at an ideological level.
“That was arguably libelous,” they said. “I said ‘Listen, I've had enough of these guys and they are just jerks.'”
“It became a distraction internally,” Prince added, explaining that The Daily Stormer was not a customer of note revenue-wise. “So much noise for one of 6 million customers occupying 20 percent of your brain space is inefficient.”
Now, however, they are hoping that the example of these “assholes” — as they described The Daily Stormer in an email to staff — can help in a positive way by enabling their company, and others that keep the internet running, to shape a more detailed policy to ensure that it is ready for what seems sure to be more run-ins with undesirable opinions and views online.
The Coolest Tattoo Artists In The World
French tattoo artist Loïc Lavenu, also known by the nickname Xoïl, has a very distinctive Photoshop collage aesthetic. The results are always surreal, sprawling, and highly experimental.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Xo%C3%AFl-Needles-Side-TattOo/117449854938676?fref=ts
Peter is incredibly skilled at creating many visual art styles, be it watercolor, cubism, or precisely shaded pencil drawings.
http://peteraurisch.com/
Ondrash in Znojmo, Czec
Ondrash is practically becoming a household name due to the raging popularity of the watercolor tattoos they specialize in.h Republic
ondrash.com/
Mariusz Trubisz in Wroclaw, Poland
Mariusz has a flair for shading and creating incredibly vibrant tattoos that are practically neon.
https://www.facebook.com/mariusztrubisz
Madame Chän in Berlin, Germany
Madame Chän does a few different styles, but my favorite ones are the dreamy, chimerical tattoos they specialize in.
hublechat.org/
Marcin Aleksander Surowiec in Warsaw, Poland
Marcin uses incredibly vibrant inks to achieve their brand of highly vivid surrealist tattoos
https://www.facebook.com/rawtattoo
Kenji Alucky from Hokkaido, Japan
Kenji is known for a dotting technique called stippling. Their tattoos employ geometric and tribal motifs, and beg to be inspected up close.
https://www.facebook.com/blackinkpower
David Hale in Athens, Ga
Working out of their own Love Hawk studios, David's ornamental artwork is tinged with a folk-art spirit.
http://davidhale.org/
Ien Levin in Kiev, Ukraine
Ien works solely in black ink. Their extremely intricate drawing style has a macabre yet whimsical feel.
ienlevin.com
Amanda Wachob does the impossible with tattoo ink — their pieces look so impeccably close to real paintings.
amandawachob.com
Chaim Machlev in Berlin, Germany
Known in the tattoo world as Dots to Lines, Chaim Machlev creates stark black-ink geometric tattoos that are both intricate and pristine.
dotstolines.com
Advertisements
Autumn arrived in the world on Sept. 22, 2010, at 11:13 p.m. EST. And for the first time since 1991, the harvest moon was full in the early hours of Sept. 23. A full harvest moon so close to the autumnal equinox is the “traditional definition” of a harvest moon. And as National Geographic reports, the world is celebrating.
An autumnal equinox occurs when the sun sets due west and rises due east. It marks the change of the season and also when day and night fall into balance, lasting for roughly the same equal lengths. After the autumnal equinox, the days become notably shorter. The harvest moon refers to the autumnal moon at its brightest, when farmers worked to bring in their crops by its light. This year, these two events coincided in the wee hours of Sept. 23 in the northern hemisphere. This event will not occur again until 2029.
The autumnal equinox happens when the sun's disk crosses the celestial equator, an imaginary line that projects out from the Earth's equator. If a person is standing directly at the Earth's equator, they or they can see the sun pass directly overhead on this day. But don't expect an equinox to yield a perfectly mathematical day, as time is peculiar. In 1582, Pope Gregory XIII established the Gregorian calendar, which we use today to account for these irregularities in time.
Judith Young is a professor of astronomy at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst. As they explained to National Geographic, most people will never see the full 12 hours of sunup and sundown on the autumnal equinox. The sun sets and rises at an angle for people who don't live at the equator, and most people have hills and foliage obstructing their view of a sunrise or sunset. Further, the Earth's slightly elliptical orbit alters the length of days. According to Young, "We arrive at the September equinox a day late, because we were going a little bit slower [around the sun] in July, and we arrive at the March equinox a day earlier."
Nonetheless, the world is celebrating the harvest moon and autumnal equinox as it has for centuries. The Mayans built the pyramid of Kukulkan in Chichin Itza to honor the occasion. As the autumnal equinox occurs, a play of light creates the illusion of the serpent god Kukulkan slithering its way down the pyramid. China continues to celebrate the harvest moon with festivals. They commemorate the moon goddess, whose origins are linked to this time, as well as the family.
The September harvest moon and equinox is not the only special cosmic event this month. Jupiter is the closest it's been to the Earth since 1963, and the largest planet in our solar system was aligned with Uranus on Sept. 17.
For further reading:
World celebrates autumnal equinox 2010, brightest in over a decade
For the first time since 1991, a full harvest moon shines down on the fall equinox.
In a security briefing days before the shooting, the guards had been told American intelligence indicated that several cars loaded with explosives were roaming Baghdad, looking for targets. One of those, they were told, was a white Kia.
Accounts differ as to how fast the Kia was moving when it broke away from the other cars, but even some Blackwater contractors testifying for the Justice Department said the car made them uncomfortable. Mr. Slough says they fired first, toward the engine block, trying to stop the car. Then several contractors fired, tearing the car apart with machine guns and grenade launchers.
The assault on the Kia is important because it influenced much of the following minutes. If jurors find that Raven 23 reasonably believed it was under attack, they may be more likely to give the guards the benefit of the doubt.
“We can't sit here after listening to 10 weeks of evidence and second-guess these men for decisions they had to make in a second,” Mr. Schertler said. “Even if they might have been wrong.”
But prosecutors say that Mr. Slatten, not Mr. Slough, fired first. They say they killed the driver with a sniper rifle, causing the driver's foot to slip off the gas and sending the car creeping forward at idle speed. That “lit the match” that ignited the shooting, prosecutors said, and had Mr. Slatten not fired, the car never would have moved.
“They're asking you to start the movie five minutes in,” T. Patrick Martin, an assistant United States attorney, said Thursday as the government concluded its closing arguments.
Mr. Slatten is charged with murdering the driver, a charge their lawyer said was unwarranted. “If you don't have a villain in this story, folks, then what happened with the Kia was a tragic accident,” the lawyer, Thomas G. Connolly, said Thursday.
The United States men's national team head coach knows a thing or two about scoring goals. That includes the understandng that sometimes the goals don't come but that they will. Yes, they will.
BY Noah Davis Posted
November 17, 2015
10:00 AM SHARE THIS STORY
PORT OF SPAIN, TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO—The benefit of being a forward is that you can be invisible for 89 minutes, then score in the 90th minute and be a hero.
The problem with being a striker is that when you don't score, the critics come out hard and fast.
"Every time you score a goal, you feel really good and you're really confident," United States national team head coach Jurgen Klinsmann said. "Then come longer stretches when you're not scoring and people criticize you. And you have to go through that. You have to stay calm and work even harder."
Which brings us to Jozy Altidore, the number one frontline option when the Americans take on Trinidad and Tobago in World Cup qualifying on Tuesday evening. While they scored two goals in the 6-1 romp over St. Vincent and the Grenadines—giving them 30 goals in 88 U.S. games, the third-fastest player to reach that plateau—it hasn't been an easy 2015 for the Toronto FC attacker. He's battled inconsistency and injuries, and was sent home from the Gold Cup because they didn't regain their fitness in time.
But throughout it all, their coach never lost faith. "Is he, as a striker, going through ups and downs? I lived that for 17, 18 professional years. Ups and downs," Klinsmann, who scored 228 goals for their club teams and 47 for their country, said.
"Jozy, throughout the last couple of years, went through some extreme up and downs in their club environment as well. But they know that we believe in him."
For Altidore, a player who thrives on confidence, having a coach who has faith in them is probably vital. It's a bonus to have a manager who has been there before, someone who understands the specific mental tasks a forward must deal with on a day-to-day basis.
"It helps a lot," Bobby Wood said when asked if Klinsmann's past life as a forward was beneficial. "He was a player themselves and they know mentally what we go through. It's always nice."
It's clear that Altidore, who has 12 World Cups qualifying goals, one behind Landon Donovan and Clint Dempsey for most all time, will continue to find the field. "With Jozy we have a very special player," Klinsmann said, later adding: "We need him. The U.S. team needs Jozy Altidore. There's no question about it. That they find the back of the net is good for us."
And if they don't, they have a coach with firsthand knowledge that sometimes the ball doesn't bounce your way but that talented attackers need to continue getting chances.
Noah Davis is Deputy Editor of American Soccer Now. Follow them on Twitter.
The Detroit Lions Draft Jarrad Davis At Pick 21 In The 2017 NFL Draft
The Lions decided to beef up their linebacker corps by selecting Florida's Jarrad Davis with their first pick in the draft. They contributed all four years in college, but really exploded as a junior when they got the chance to be a full-time starter.
In 2015, their junior year, they played in all 14 of Florida's games and recorded 94 tackles, with 11 of those going for a loss. 2016 wasn't quite as good for Davis. During their senior year, they played in nine games and logged 60 tackles with six tackles for loss. They missed time with an ankle injury in 2016.
Davis didn't participate at the combine due to their ankle but they were able to redeem themselves with a solid Pro Day. They have good speed and acceleration which allow them to make plays all over the field. Also, many people have praised Davis' leadership which is a major plus.
http://gty.im/620188182
Why Did The Lions Draft Jarrad Davis?
Heading into the draft linebacker was arguably the Lions' biggest need. The Lions didn't have much depth at linebacker last season and the linebackers that they did have had a hard time staying healthy. Also, the Lions decided to move on from former star DeAndre Levy.
They needed to add athleticism at the position and someone who could hold their own in coverage. With the selection of Davis, they look to have accomplished both of those things. They should be able to be a major contributor for the Lions immediately. Also adding a guy who could become a leader in the locker room is always a good move.
If you want to check them out for yourself you can watch some of their tape here.
I really hope you enjoyed the article! Follow me on Twitter @CHayes95 and join the discussion on the Lions' subreddit!
29 July 2014 / BetaBeat – Rep. Jared Polis, the “Gamer Congressman,” has been a big advocate for Bitcoin on Capitol Hill. He's taken BTC for campaign donation, lampooned their colleagues for speaking out against Bitcoin, and invited fellow members of congress to give Bitcoin a shot. Now, he's helping bring Washington, D.C. its first Bitcoin Startup Demo Day.
Today, a few major Bitcoin startups like Coinbase, BitPay and BitGO will set up shop in the Rayburn House Office Building to convince Washington regulators to embrace Bitcoin. They'll be joined by major companies who have successfully integrated Bitcoin into their business models, like Expedia, who started taking payments in Bitcoin earlier this summer and have been more than happy with the results.
“This demo day will allow Members of Congress who may not be as familiar with digital currencies to ask experts in the field questions about their potential, how they work, and the appropriate role for government to play in their development,” Mr. Polis, who is co-hosting the event, told Betabeat.
Bitcoin has fallen out of the headlines lately as prices of BTC have stabilized, leading some to believe that Bitcoin is finally boring enough to be useful. The fact that they get a Demo Day in Washington almost confirms it.
House Republican leaders, facing a serious time crunch this fall, are already plotting ways to avoid a government shutdown at the end of September — a real possibility given partisan divisions over spending priorities.
Speaker Paul Ryan in a closed-door GOP conference meeting Thursday morning laid out the legislative calendar, showing lawmakers they're approximately four months behind schedule in the appropriations process for 2018, in part because President Donald Trump's budget landed later than usual.
Story Continued Below
The early discussion about salvaging the annual spending process underscores how much Trump, Ryan and other party leaders are struggling to govern now that they run Washington.
House Republicans can't agree on their own budget blueprint for next year, clashing internally over cuts to entitlement programs and safety net initiatives such as food stamps and housing aid, all while trying to create space for tax reform and a big defense spending increase. In addition, they still have to find money for Trump's priorities, including the hugely controversial border wall between the United States and Mexico.
Congress needs to pass a funding bill by Sept. 30 to keep the lights on at federal agencies. Yet with lawmakers out for the August recess, they only have 43 legislative days left to pass appropriations bills before they hit that deadline. Obamacare repeal efforts are likely to suck up much of that time in the Senate. Tax reform — or even a tax-cut package — would also take up more time and energy.
Aware of the looming deadline, Ryan raised the possibility of clumping appropriations bills together in an omnibus to save time. Passing a continuing resolution, that essentially maintains current spending levels and priorities in order to keep the government open, was also discussed.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The idea, GOP insiders say, was to manage expectations of what's possible and what's not. Republicans for years have vowed to bring back "regular order" if they were in charge, with Congress debating and passing 12 separate spending bills each year. But even having the White House and Congress is not enough for Republicans. Regular order, for now, will remain a memory from a bygone era.
“We talked about how we might move forward on appropriations at this juncture… Putting all the appropriations together in one package is one option,” said Rep Robert Aderholt (R-Ala.), a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee. “I think certainly, when you look at the calendar, you've got to say: It's crunch time, and of course trying to do all these appropriations bills in that short period of time” would be difficult.
Under the Budget Control Act, Republicans in fiscal 2018 face $5 billion in across-the-board cuts to defense and non-defense programs unless they take action. Trump wants to increase defense spending and request new money to build a border wall with Mexico. That, however, would require Congress to raise spending caps put in place years ago.
In order to do that, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats in the Senate, which is extremely unlikely at this point. Democrats typically demand dollar-for-dollar funding boosts for non-defense programs, such as transportation or housing, in order to support defense increases. They've also sworn to never support funding for Trump's wall, something the White House wants to push for in earnest this fall — even at the risk of a shutdown fight.
During Thursday's House GOP conference meeting, Republicans harped on Senate rules requiring 60 votes for passage instead of a simple majority. They discussed the possibility of convincing Senate Republicans to go nuclear on spending bills, as they did to confirm Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch — though that's unlikely at best.
“We do our appropriations in the House… then, it goes over to the Senate and they say, ‘No, we have to work with Democrats,'” said Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), who often rants about Senate rules and wants Senate Republicans to eliminate the filibuster. “What will come out of this process is going to be a significantly, in large part, a Democrat omnibus … We don't seem to have the courage to face the real problem head on.”
Republicans, however, can't point to Democrats for all their budget problems: The conference faces a critical moment right now over how far they go in their own budget. Conservatives want drastically lower spending and are pushing GOP leaders to use reconciliation to cut safety-net programs. But that idea is sure to repel moderate Republicans, putting GOP leaders in the awkward situation of trying to find a way to garner 216 votes for passage. In the past, they've had to turn to Democrats to pass spending bills.
Defense hawks want dramatically higher spending. And all Republicans talk about balancing the budget, which is only possible if they raise taxes — an anathema — or cut entitlement programs. Trump has already said we won't touch Social Security retirement funds or Medicare.
"This is gonna be a brutal battle," said one GOP source. "Defense hawks want $640 [billion], appropriators want $516 [billion] for non-defense, moderates don't want any changes to mandatory. And yet everyone says the budget still has to balance. Those numbers don't add up. And a budget that doesn't have serious deficit reduction isn't going to make it out of committee."
Much is at stake. If Republicans don't agree on a blueprint, they will never get to tax reform. That's because only after passing the budget can they unlock the fast-tracking tool known as reconciliation that allows them to pass tax reform without a single Democratic vote in the Senate.
When asked when — and if — House Republicans would unveil their own budget, Budget Committee Chairwoman Diane Black (R-Tenn.) was non-committal.
"We're working on it, and we'll let you know when we get to that point," Black said. "We're going to bring it out as soon as we get consensus and get all of our people together."
And Black faithfully repeated that line several time no matter what question they were asked about the budget. "That's all I'm gonna give you, that we're working on it," Black said. GOP insiders expect the budget to be released in June.
There isn't much time to deliberate.
While the budget process typically starts in February, after the president releases their budget, Trump waited until the end of May to release the details of their fiscal blueprint. Even though the Trump budget — with huge spending cuts to domestic problems, big tax cuts and some fuzzy math to make it balance — was dead on arrival, the delay in sending it to Capitol Hill set lawmakers back, all while the issues dividing the Republican Conference are just becoming tougher and tougher.
"People know that we have an abbreviated timeframe for the appropriations process," said Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), who sits on both the Appropriations and Budget panels.
Cole said Appropriations Committee Republicans met privately on Wednesday night to discuss the situation, but they acknowledged GOP lawmakers will miss the Sept. 30 deadline for passing spending bills.
"We're prepared to work Saturdays, whatever we need to do," Cole said. "We can get the bills ready to get all 12 bills out of committee. The real question is do you have the time to do them on the floor? Probably not. So you're gonna have 'minibuses' or an omnibus. I think there's just probably not the time given health care, given tax reform and everything else we've gotta get done."
Kentucky Rep. John Yarmuth, top Democrat on the House Budget Committee, says the GOP infighting over spending priorities is par for the course.
"We've got a Republican majority that's having a hard time governing," Yarmuth said. "We saw it on health care. It doesn't surprise that's it happening on the budget as well."
Yarmuth said their aides tried on Thursday to find out from their GOP counterparts whether a budget would be marked up in June.
"They clearly are undecided about what they're going to do," Yarmuth added.
Yarmuth, Rep. Nita Lowey (D-N.Y.) — ranking member on Appropriations — and party leaders want to get rid of any spending limits so they can boost funding for domestic programs.
“Eddie has been a great addition to our locker room,” said Francis. “We feel that we have a very solid tandem in net for this season and are excited that Eddie will remain a part of that picture beyond this year.”
The Hurricanes acquired Lack from the Vancouver Canucks on June 27 in exchange for a third-round pick in the 2015 NHL Draft and a seventh-round selection in the 2016 NHL Draft. The Norrtalje, Sweden, native was 1-0-0 with a 2.21 goals-against average and a .932 save percentage in three games during Carolina's exhibition schedule. Lack, 27, completed their second full NHL season in 2014-15, going 18-13-4, with a 2.45 goals-against average and a .921 save percentage. They took over the Canucks' starting job in February when Ryan Miller suffered a knee injury, and went 12-6-2 in 21 appearances from Feb. 24-April 9 to help Vancouver maintain its playoff position.
In two seasons with Vancouver, Lack (6'4”, 187 lbs.) posted a 34-30-9 record, with a 2.43 goals-against average and a .917 save percentage in 82 games. Prior to joining the Canucks, they played two seasons for Vancouver's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliates in Manitoba and Chicago. Lack signed as a free agent with the Canucks on April 6, 2010, after one season with Brynas IF in Sweden's top division, Elitserien.
By: Mike Wall
Published: 02/13/2013 07:50 AM EST on SPACE.com
Giant black holes are famous for their appetites, but these matter-munching monsters are even greedier than scientists once thought, a new study suggests.
The supermassive black holes that lurk at the center of most (if not all) galaxies are growing surprisingly quickly, the study found. The result implies that these cosmic behemoths are sustained primarily by frequent small meals rather than rare and dramatic galactic mergers, as was previously believed.
Supermassive black holes are almost incomprehensibly huge, with some containing 10 billion or more times the mass of our own sun. The research team used computer simulations to investigate how such black holes grow, especially in spiral galaxies like the Earth's Milky Way.
The astronomers found that, contrary to prevailing theory, central black holes can grow quite rapidly in quiet, merger-free spirals simply by sucking up galactic gas and other matter.
"These simulations show that it is no longer possible to argue that black holes in spiral galaxies do not grow efficiently," study lead author Victor Debattista, of the University of Central Lancashire in England, said in a statement. "Our simulations will allow us to refine our understanding of how black holes grew in different types of galaxies."
The new study further bolsters the emerging view that gigantic galactic smashups are responsible for just a small portion of supermassive black holes' growth, researchers said.
And such growth can be prodigious. The black hole at the heart of the famous Sombrero Galaxy, also known as M104 or NGC 4594, has swallowed the equivalent of one sun every 20 years and now contains at least 500 million solar masses, researchers said.
The supermassive black hole at the core of the Milky Way Galaxy appears far less greedy, growing at a rate of one solar mass every 3,000 years, researchers said. Scientists estimate that this black hole, also known as Sagittarius A* (pronounced "Sagittarius A-star"), has the mass of about 4 million suns.
The new study was published today (Feb. 12) by The Astrophysical Journal.
Follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall or SPACE.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+.
Copyright 2013 SPACE.com, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Welcome back to How'd They Do That? Each week, we check out behind the scenes stills and video from the making of some of cinema's greatest! This week, we're jumping in the nostalgia machine to check out Richard Donner's 1985 classic The Goonies.
Written by Christopher Columbus based on a story by executive producer Steven Spielberg, The Goonies is a film that is timeless to one generation, and incredibly dated to another. I have incredibly fond memories of the film, but showing it a bunch of 20-something's who had never seen it before didn't have the same effect. The Goonies have all the makings of a classic Amblin film – adventure, comedy and a cast of fantastic child actors! Whilst not an effects powerhouse, there are quite a few unique behind-the-scenes shots that I want to showcase.
Behind every great child actor, is the on-set teacher who's keeping up their schooling! Below is a picture of the cast doing their classwork on set. Check out that advanced computer!
Next, a famous friend visits the set! Michael Jackson is seen below with young Jeff Cohen (Chunk). Apparently Michael Jackson visited the set multiple times. To get a certain reaction from the kids early on in the film (when The Goonies are banging on the water pipes) director Richard Donner told the cast, right before the take, that Michael Jackson was coming to the set. They aren't lying (and they got the shot!)
Below we see the crew shooting the sequence when The Goonies cross a dangerous stream. The craftsmanship on these sets its wonderful (pardon the grainy picture).
The pirate ship featured at end of the film? It was built for real! ‘The Infero' was 105ft long and took 2-1/2 months to build. The Goonies were shot in sequence, and Richard Donner didn't allow any of the kids to see the set – to invoke real reactions when they landed in the cavern. They got what they asked for – Josh Brolin dropped a “Holy Sh*t” during the first take and they had to re shoot it.
When filming was done, the ship was offered to anybody who would take it. Unfortunately there were no takers and the ships was sent to Davey Jones locker (i.e. scrapped.)
Below an effects artist makes some final preparations before the miniature ship is shot against a blue screen – to be superimposed against the real Oregon coastline during the finale as One Eye'd Willy's ship sails away on its next adventure!
Sloth is such a memorable character. Portrayed by NFL player John Matuszak, the character was a combination between of makeup and radio controlled effects. Below shows you how, step by step, this makeup was applied. The droopy eye was puppeteer-ed remotely using radio control. In order to get Sloth blinking realistically, the crew counted down from 5 to sync Matuszak real eye and the fake one.
Finally, lets take a look at two wild sequences that ultimately ended up being deleted from the film. First, is the infamous Octopus that appeared once the kids landed in the pirate ship cavern. Even tho the sequence was deleted, Data still refers to the octopus when reunited with their family. The octopus also appears in the Cyndi Lauper music video for the film. Here we see the Octopus in all it's glory, designed by Rob Burman.
Finally, a really, really bizarre shot from a deleted scene that I didn't even know existed. Apparently in one of the first few drafts, two gorillas appear multiple times through the film, and eventually steal Troy's card. The full story behind this sequence can be read here, but this was too strange to not include! Check out the below shot of the gorillas driving around Astoria!
I hope you enjoyed this journey down memory lane behind the scenes of The Goonies. As always, if you have a film you'd like us to check out the behind the scenes workings of – please let us know in the comments!
Until next time – keep watching, and asking yourself How'd They Do That!
ADVERTISEMENT
Apparently, a group of senators is "quietly seeking a new path on gun control." Or at least, they were quietly doing so until The New York Times wrote about the once-covert effort. Now, of course, the efforts are less quiet.
Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) is reportedly back talking to Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) about how they might attract more support for a bill expanding the current background check system. The two senators, it seems, are focused on background checks and background checks alone, a move I think wise given the widespread view that such a measure is entirely appropriate.
Unfortunately, the Times also detailed a push being lead by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) to revise or expand penalties for firearms trafficking offenses. Now, federal prosecutors really do not need more tools to prosecute individuals they catch trafficking in illegal weapons, but of course, no United States senator has ever gone hungry by being "tough on crime." And yet... the mere fact that Gillibrand is pushing for more gun regulations at the same time Toomey and Manchin are trying to revive background checks shows that Senate Democrats learned little from their last gun-control fiasco. Furthermore, Gillibrand's stated reason for pursuing the new law might well be the poster child for the sort of reasoning that keeps gun rights enthusiasts paranoid and the NRA fully funded.
Gillibrand's quote in the Times is simple, and its logic is straightforward. Asked why they need stricter trafficking laws, the junior senator from New York explained that "I think trafficking can be the base of the bill, the rock on which everything else stands. I also think it's complementary to background checks because, let's be honest, criminals aren't going to buy a gun and go through a background check. So if you really want to go after criminals, you have to do both."
The most ardent gun rights advocates literally stay up at night worrying that each gun regulation they allow passing could be the one that sets off the avalanche that turns this nation into some sort of gun-outlawing regulatory hell. This group of people is naturally suspicious of arguments for "commonsense" gun control, not so much because they really think that their gun rights would be in any sense compromised by the recently defeated revisions to the existing background check regime, but rather because they do not think that the advocates for the asupervisorstioned regime will be content to stop once background checks are in place.
Many of these pro-gun individuals would be fine with background checks. But they fear, with some reason, that if they concede on background checks today, then the next time some madman gets a firearm and kills 30 people, the same proponents of background checks will be harnessing public outrage by turning the families of the victims into lobbyists for what they will undoubtedly label "commonsense" reform that decent American couldn't possibly oppose. For that reason, the position of many gun rights advocates is that they prefer to defend their right to "keep and bear arms" from the Rhine so they will never be forced to do so from the Rubicon.
Even crazy-sounding theories occasionally appear to have at least a tiny basis in reality. Indeed, from time to time, gun regulation proponents appear to push for stricter gun laws irrespective of whether or not particular proposals actually make anyone safer. The fact that President Obama allowed Sen. Dianne Feinstein to push them into calling for a renewal of the assault weapons ban — despite the fact that virtually every non-partisan group that has studied the AWB found that it had virtually no impact on violent crime rates — suggests that at least a few powerful people are more interested in restricting gun rights than they are in actually curbing violent crime. Indeed, the president dramatically weakened the chances of getting background checks approved by attaching it to a push for the AWB, thereby allowing groups like the NRA to, I think unfairly, imply that the president's motive for pushing reform was more anti-gun than anti-violence.
Which brings us back to Gillibrand and the renewed push for reform. Consider the New Yorker's stated logic for pursuing tighter gun trafficking laws: Criminals will not buy guns through a complete background check regime, so if we manage to pass that, we also need to pass a another criminal statute relating to the possession, movement, and distribution of firearms. Here's what every gun person wonders when they read Gillibrand's statement: "Wait, I thought the whole point of background checks is to keep guns away from criminals… Are they saying that if it works, then we need another law?"
I want background checks to pass, but I hold out little hope that they will. And if they have any chance at all, it will be as a standalone measure not packaged with any other proposals. Senate Democrats need to wake up and stop making the perfect the enemy of the good.
Resident Evil 7: Biohazard seems to have taken quite a few leafs out of the P.T. book as the Gamescom demo leaned more heavily on horror than the survival-action previous games in the series have featured.
Want to know more? We've got Resident Evil 7's release date, gameplay, setting, trailers, it's all here.
We sent the unfazeable Joel into the grainy VHS darkness of a rickety shack with an old lady who swears a lot to play the Gamescom demo build of Resi 7. It's not an unfamiliar situation, so they handled it admirably. Above you can see them and lovely Bodders talk about what they saw while you get to see what they saw by the magic of video. How far we've come.
You can see a lot more from Gamescom other than scanlined VHS footage over on the YouTube channel where the PCGN team has been hard at work navigating masses of German teens for hot scoops. If you enjoy said scoops, the like and/or subscribe buttons are right there, within your grasp. Go on.
Losing weight and gaining it right back again is better for your health than remaining obese, according to a new study in mice.
The findings suggest so-called yo-yo dieting is not as bad for your health as once thought.
Mice in the study that were put on a yo-yo diet lived just as long as mice on a low-fat diet. Mice that ate a high-fat diet, on the other hand, had a shorter lifespan.
Although maintaining a stable, healthy weight is still ideal, "People should not stop trying to lose weight if they are, like I am, a person who gains weight frequently and tries to lose it," said study researcher Edward List, a scientist at Ohio University's Edison Biotechnology Institute.
The study was presented today at the annual meeting of the Endocrine Society in Boston.
Yo-yo dieting
About two-thirds of Americans are overweight or obese, and research has shown many are unable to keep their weight off over the long-term.
List and their colleagues put 30 mice on one of three diets: a high-fat diet, a low-fat diet and a yo-yo diet that fluctuated between high-fat and low-fat for four-week periods.
Animals on the high-fat diet ate more, weighed more, had more body fat and higher blood sugar levels than the mice on the low-fat diet. Mice on the yo-yo diet had these characteristics, too, but only during the high-fat period of their diet. During the low-fat period, they were healthier, the researchers said.
The mice on the low-fat diet and those on the yo-yo diet lived about two years, on average. In contrast, the mice on the high-fat diet lived about 1.5 years.
Weight-loss benefits
The findings agree with other research performed with people, said Dr. Louis Aronne, an obesity expert at Weill-Cornell Medical College in New York City, who was not involved with the study.
"Given what we're learning about obesity and its impact on disease, it makes sense that yo-yo dieting not only doesn't hurt, but could help," Aronne told MyHealthNewsDaily.
Fat cells produce hormones that can harm the body by increasing inflammation and blood sugar levels. When people lose weight, even for a short time, production of these hormones is reduced as well, they said.
A 2002 study of people at risk for developing diabetes found that a 7 percent weight loss reduced the chance of developing diabetes by 58 percent, Aronne said. Those in the study initially lost 7 percent of their weight, but only maintained a 4 percent weight loss over a four-year period, they said.
"A little bit of weight loss goes a long way when it comes to improving health," Aronne said. "We don't have to get people to their ideal body weight," before they start to see health benefits, they said.
Pass it on: Yo-yo dieting may be better for you than not dieting at all.
At Mobile World Congress next week we're going to hear a lot about 5G, that amorphous term for the next generation of cellular network technologies. But while the transformation to 5G is still years away, we're going to see the first evidence of another more subtle transformation in Barcelona: the migration of the mobile network into the cloud.
In the halls of Fira Gran Via conference center, Alcatel-Lucent(s alu), Intel(s intc) and China Mobile (s chi), the world's largest mobile operator, will recreate a trial now live in China that virtualizes an LTE radio access network on a server. Why is that a big deal? It takes the most complex and expensive component of the cellular network, the base station, and tosses it into a data center.
Advertisement
Cellular systems are the very definition of specialized networks. Every cell site hosts enormous processing capabilities run on highly optimized hardware in order to convert analog radio fuzz into the ones and zeros our IP networks understand. A large mobile network like China Mobile's can have hundreds of thousands of base stations. That's a lot of processing power built into the network fringes.
By moving the base station from the cellsite and into a data center, a carrier no longer needs to build enough processing capacity into every cell to handle peak traffic conditions. Instead, it can allocate processing resources to the parts of the networks where it's most needed at any given time. For instance, during evening rush hour, voice and data demand follows subscribers as they move out of a city's central business district and into the neighborhoods and suburbs. A cloud radio access network (or Cloud-RAN) could simply follow commuters on their journey, transferring baseband capacity from one site to the next.
Intel inside
Carriers aren't going to move their networks onto Amazon Web Services, but they would be able to build much simpler networks. A cell site simply becomes a radio, an antenna and a backhaul link to the data center. Future generations of mobile networks could just be software upgrades, not rip-and-replace overhauls. And instead of using highly-specialized base station gear, they could run their networks on racks of servers.
That's where Intel comes in. It's been working for years with China Mobile and mobile equipment makers to find a way of replacing the mobile network's highly specialized digital signal processors with off-the-shelf Xeon and Atom chips. Moving to a server architecture not only means cheaper hardware, but it means more multipurpose hardware. Instead of installing a specialized box for every element of the network, all of those elements are virtualized in software on the same computing platform.
The round about path to carrier self-virtualization
Virtualization isn't just Alcatel and Intel's kick. All of the major infrastructure vendors from Cisco Systems(s csco) and Juniper Networks(s jnpr) to Ericsson(s eric) and Nokia(s nok) — along with baseband chipmakers like Freescale(s fsl) and Texas Instruments(s txn) — are all pursuing software-defined networking in some form, and many of them will be promoting their work at MWC. But most of them have focused on virtualizing the network core and voice/SMS switching infrastructure, most of which is already centralized in their network data centers.
Alcatel-Lucent, Nokia and Intel have been particularly vocal in pursuing this idea of a virtualized radio network, and they still have plenty of doubters. Some carrier CTOs have told me they find the concept far-fetched and impossible to implement. For one thing, Cloud-RAN would take enormous amounts of low-latency backhaul capacity to move raw radio frequency information from the cell site to the data center.
Alcatel-Lucent VP of product market Manish Gulyani admitted that it will take several years before mobile carriers are ready to shut down their base stations, but they said the virtualization of the network is already starting to happen. It's starting in the core and moving outwards, they said.
The Franco-American equipment vendor is already in trials with 20 carriers around the world, and its initial focus is on applications. We should see first commercial launches of cloud-based voice-over-LTE services next year, Gulyani said. In 2016, carriers will be ready to move the big honking signaling gateways onto software. And after that we'll start to first implementation of a virtual radio network.
Even then, the base station's journey into the cloud will be gradual. Carriers will start with a “split-processing” architecture where base stations do all signal processing grunt work, while the data center performs the higher order baseband functions.
But at the turn of the decade when carriers are ready to build their next generation of mobile networks – those 5G technologies we keep hearing about – their networks may already be undergoing a transformation. Building a high-powered 5G network might not require cranes, and trucks and armies for field technicians. Instead it could just mean building a bunch of massive data centers.
Intel has ported Google's Android 4.1 OS, called Jelly Bean, to work on smartphones based on the low-power Atom chips code-named Medfield.
"I'm running it," said Mike Bell, Intel's vice president and general manager of the mobile computing group, during an interview at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco.
Multiple Intel employees are using Medfield smartphones with Jelly Bean, Bell added.
Smartphones with Intel chips today ship to customers with either Android 2.3 or Android 4.0, but Bell couldn't predict when those handsets would be updated to Android 4.1.
"We can't put it on the phones. We have to give it to the carriers to put on the phones and they go through acceptance testing," Bell said, adding that they can't announce Android 4.1 testing or deployment on behalf of carriers or device makers.
Intel is just getting started in the smartphone market, with devices based on a single-core Atom chip being launched by customers such as Orange, ZTE, Lava International, Lenovo and Megafon. Motorola is expected to announce a smartphone based on Intel chips next week in London. Very few smartphones have been launched with the latest version of Android, though companies are promising to deliver over-the-air upgrades.
Intel has been unusually quiet about smartphones at IDF, instead focusing on ultrabooks, tablets and servers. Intel is still trying to establish a presence in a market dominated by ARM, whose processors go into most smartphones that ship today, including Apple's iPhones. The first smartphone with an Intel chip started shipping in April and the company is happy with its progress, Bell said.
"A year ago people were saying 'can Intel do a smartphone?' and now people are saying 'how long till you [grow]?' It's a much better question to deal with," Bell said.
Intel has a dual-core Medfield chip coming out later this year and smartphones based on the chip will be out early next year. Intel next year will also release an integrated chip made using the 22-nanometer process for low-end smartphones. The chip will be a followup to the current single-core Atom Z2000 chip, which runs at 1GHz but is not yet being used in smartphones.
Intel's smartphones are considered to be more power hungry than those with ARM chips, but Intel hopes to catch up by pushing ahead on its manufacturing process. Intel next year will release a low-power Atom chip code-named Merrifield for high-end smartphones. The chip will be made using the 22-nm process and be faster and more power efficient than current Medfield chips, which are made using the 32-nm process. By 2014, Intel will release chips made using the 14-nm process, though further details are not available.
The company's focus is on Android for smartphones and Windows 8 for tablets. But the company is also looking at the Linux-based Tizen OS for multiple segments including mobile devices and in-car entertainment.
Some smartphone makers have shown an interest in Tizen, said Doug Fisher, vice president at Intel, during an interview. Fisher is also on the board of The Linux Foundation, which manages the development of Tizen.
Tizen addresses the desire for Intel to have an open platform for multiple segments. Intel continues to contribute to Tizen's development, Fisher said.
Agam Shah covers PCs, tablets, servers, chips and semiconductors for IDG News Service. Follow Agam on Twitter at @agamsh. Agam's e-mail address is agam_shah@idg.com
Nerdy Show Microsode: Nerd Fitness
Posted by NerdyShow on January 25, 2017
When The Nerdy Show Network's flagship podcast isn't unloading on the latest geek news and happenings, we're diving deep into super-specific discussions and interviews.
In this listener-requested episode we don our sweat bands and feel the burn – 'cause we're talking physical wellness the Nerdy Show way. Join Cap, Trench, Friday Night Fanfiction‘s Stevo, and Lefty Lucy – Dungeons & Doritos cast member and renowned burlesque performer – as we discuss our personal trials and tribulations with staying fit, keeping sharp, and making good (snacking) decisions.
Discover the health benefits of fan-created Dance Dance Revolution mods and the costs of breaking in, as well as simple stage show techniques to burn calories while learning a new skill that can earn you fun money and make you the life of the party. We discuss ways to hack your meals, the benefits of standing desks, and bike rides gone wrong. Learn from our trials and tribulations so you can loose any girth you've grown weary of or just keep your ticker running like new.
Thanks to StarF for this Microsode request!
Track:
Download from the player above | Subscribe via iTunes
Support Nerdy Show!
Guest Host Links:
Links:
The U.S. Court of Appeals on Wednesday handed Chicago another defeat in its effort to restrict the operation of gun ranges in the city.
The appeals court ruled that city ordinances restricting gun ranges to manufacturing areas in Chicago are unconstitutional. The ordinances also placed limits on the distances they can be located in relation to other gun ranges and to residential areas, schools, parks and places of worship.
A three-judge panel of the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals noted the city claimed the ordinances serve important public health and safety interests, specifically that they attract gun thieves, cause airborne lead contamination and carry a risk of fire.
"The city has provided no evidentiary support for these claims, nor has it established that limiting shooting ranges to manufacturing districts and distancing them from the multiple and various uses listed in the buffer-zone rule has any connection to reducing these risks," the court wrote in its opinion.
The court also ruled there was no justification for banning of anyone under 18 years from entering a gun range. However, the court says the city can establish a "more closely tailored age restriction" that does not completely extinguish the right of older adolescents and teens to shoot in a supervised firing range.
Judge Ilana Rovner dissented from the majority's opinion on the part of the ruling that struck down the ordinance banning those under 18 years from gun ranges, noting that laws and statutes are employed to protect children from harm, "even where the risk of harm is slight or negligible.
The decision was notable for another reason. One of the three judges on the panel was Diane Sykes, who was on a list of 11 judges President-elect Donald Trump made public last year as among those they would consider as candidates for the U.S. Supreme Court.
A city spokesperson wasn't immediately available for comment on the court's ruling.
Chicago has suffered a string of defeats in its efforts to restrict guns, which top officials have cited as a major reason for a sharp rise of violence in the city.
The U.S. Supreme Court forced the city to rewrite its firearms ordinance in June 2010, which had banned the ownership of guns in the city. In response, the city came up with an ordinance outlawing the sale of firearms in the city.
A judge ruled in 2014 the city's ban on gun shops violated the Constitution.
Chicago imposed a blanket ban on shooting ranges in 2010. The Court of Appeals struck down the ban in 2011, prompting the city council to pass ordinances accomplishing the same thing. The Second Amendment Foundation and others took the city to court over the ordinances in 2014.
Len McCluskey has launched a broadside against the government for “demonising” workers who consider strike action only as a last resort.
The Unite general secretary spoke out as Downing Street claimed industrial action this week on trains and in post offices and airports would cause “untold misery” and showed “contempt for ordinary people”.
McCluskey criticised Theresa May, following comments by their official spokesperson, and said: “I have never encountered a worker who wants to strike. When they have to take industrial action it is an expression of frustration at not being heard by employers.”
“I urge the government to concentrate more on understanding why industrial relations break down, not slinging around threats to remove fundamental freedoms,” they added, in response to rumours that the government are looking at toughening anti-strike laws.
Gerard Coyne, the secretary of Unite in the West Midlands who is competing against McCluskey for the top job at Unite, criticised Meg Hillier, the chair of the public accounts committee, after they said unions needed a “wake-up” call about the impact of the strikes.
Coyne said: “I was angered to read the statement made by Labour MP Meg Hillier and particularly disappointed by their claim that the current industrial disputes should act as a ‘wake-up call' for unions. It is the management of these companies that need to wake up and Southern Rail, in particular, must take responsibility for its own appalling record of service, which its long suffering customers have had to endure for too long. Meg Hillier should acknowledge that industrial action is only ever a last resort and that management must urgently sit down and negotiate with union representatives who are eager to settle these disputes.”
Dave Ward, the general secretary of the CWU, the union representing striking crown post office workers, told Good Morning Britain the country has “the worst anti-union legislation anywhere across Europe”.
Workers need “more rights not less”, they added, and highlighted Tory policies which have left the post office in “crisis” alongside other services such as the railways and the NHS.
Frances O'Grady, the general secretary of the TUC, told the BBC they had “enormous sympathy” with passengers and staff but expressing concern over another “agenda”.
Some MPs are demanding “even more draconian laws” against trade unions, following the Trade Union Act, they said.
They criticised the arguments of Tory MP Chris Philp, who argued against because of the impact on the passengers' commute, saying: “They've been unable to get to work for the whole year because of Southern's performance”.
It was also announced today that Usdaw members working at Weetabix are planning strike action in the new year in response to proposals to alter shift patterns.
There seem to be just a few key differences between individuals who are good at spotting and avoiding destructive and problematic people, and those who repeatedly get zapped:
Competent people-evaluators notice how they feel around others, and get closer or withdraw in response.This gets them away from people who treat them poorly, and closer to people who treat them well. Over time, their life becomes filled with good people.
Ineffective people-evaluators have learned to ignore, dismiss, or devalue certain information, including problem behaviors in others and troubling emotional responses in themselves. Even when they do notice problems, these individuals tend to get upset and complain, but not move away. That sends problem people the nonverbal message that it is acceptable to continue their problem behavior.
Competent people-evaluators extrapolate what a person is likely to do (based on their observed behaviors, not what they say) then respond to the extrapolation.A person's minor act of bullying suggests later bullying, probably expanded in range and intensity, so the evaluator withdraws — perhaps a lot.
Ineffective people-evaluators tend to ignore small problems until they get big. They treat each instance of a behavior as unique, rather than as part of a pattern. Only when they have many examples of problem behavior, and those behaviors are extreme or having really bad effects, do they realize they have a serious problem.
Competent people-evaluators recognize patterns of behavior. When they see a specific behavior, they ask themselves, “What pattern is this part of?” Finding patterns lets them distinguish between negative behaviors that signal a good person's stress and frustration, and genuine ill will. Patterns also help them tell people who are consistently kind and loving from people who are kind and loving most of the time, but sometimes act cruel or destructive.
Over time, a person who practices these skills and gets good at them will learn to detect and avoid people who cause a lot of problems and turmoil. They will also become skilled at finding good people.
More information: How to avoid problem people
Enjoy!
Libida
Like this post? Send your friends and recommend it using the buttons below:
Chris Christie joins the torture caucus: Another 2016 hopeful wants to bring back waterboarding Chris Christie believes waterboarding is legal and necessary, and he'd resurrect a sorry chapter in our history
Some time has passed since we last checked in on the pro-torture caucus of the 2016 Republican presidential field. There are a number of would-be presidents on the Republican side who either support reinstating the “enhanced interrogation tactics” employed on terrorism detainees during the Bush administration, or at least refuse to rule out the use of such tactics. The group of pro-torture candidates is growing, while the number of candidates who've ruled out the use of torture remains stubbornly low and unchanged. The latest Republican contender to embrace torture is New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who appeared on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” this week (again) and vocally defended the legality and efficacy of waterboarding as an interrogation tactic.
Before we get to that, the stage must be set. The torture question came up courtesy of Joe Scarborough, who, in typical Scarborough fashion, prefaced their query with a lengthy explanation of how smart and informed Joe Scarborough is. “It sounds like your views are similar to mine on the war on terror: pretty tough, pretty expansive,” they said. “I don't sit here wringing my hands over the three terrorists who were waterboarded, maybe because I know more details about it than many others.”
Advertisement:
Having established that Joe Scarborough is tough and knows what he's talking about, Scarborough asked their question. “But when I hear you say that you don't care if waterboarding works or not,” they said to Christie, “that you will continue waterboarding because, quote, they deserve it—" At that point Christie broke in and explained that they didn't say that. Donald Trump said that.
It was an embarrassing moment for the spectacularly well-informed Scarborough, but it was also a fortuitous gaffe in that it resulted in Christie explaining their thoughts on why torture is legal and good:
CHRISTIE: We should do whatever we need to do to get actionable intelligence that's within the Constitution. SCARBOROUGH: Is that [waterboarding] torture? CHRISTIE: I don't believe so. I don't believe so. And I will tell you that the intelligence officers who conducted that activity were told by the Justice Department that what they were doing was lawful and constitutional. And then you have Barack Obama come in, and Hillary Clinton, and second-guess these people, demean them, and kill their morale. These are people doing a dangerous job in a dirty world, and we need to support them because they are the first line of defense between us and ISIS, between us and al Qaeda. And if you're sitting in the basement of the Senate, you don't understand that.
There's quite a bit of disingenuous hand-waving going on here – they morph Obama's condemnation of torture into an attack on all intelligence personnel – but the key points they make are a) waterboarding does not count as “torture,” and b) the Bush Justice Department said this and other techniques were legal. Really they're just variations on the same point, given that anything considered torture would be very much illegal.
Putting any sort of faith in the torture memos from the Bush DOJ is not a good look for a would-be commander-in-chief, given that those memos are broadly viewed as a legal atrocity, a “perversion of law and logic” that sought only to apply the thinnest veneer of legality to the Bush administration's decision to violate the Geneva Conventions. The administration's torture policy was arrived at and implemented in secret, and it was premised on a theory of executive power that says the president can do pretty much whatever they or they want in a time of war. Christie says they want to do “whatever we need to do to get actionable intelligence that's within the Constitution,” but that's a meaningless statement if you subscribe to the Bush administration's notion that the Constitution can be unilaterally reinterpreted to justify whatever action you think is necessary.
The legacy of our torture program isn't just the gross moral failing and abandonment of our values – it's also the fact that the people who engineered this disgusting, illegal and anti-American program of systematic abuse also got away with it free and clear. That lack accountability resonates and informs the behaviors of subsequent administrations, who can assume with a high degree of confidence that any behavior, no matter how obviously illegal, can be rationalized and defended after-the-fact. Chris Christie says torture was legal because the people who authorized the torturing said it was legal. And he'd be fine with bringing torture back because they have every reason to believe he'd get away with it too.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Beatles made history when they performed at the Cavern in 1961
It has been shut down, demolished, and rebuilt, but Liverpool's Cavern Club remains an icon of pop history. As it celebrates its 60th year, those who were there in its heyday recall its evolution from subterranean jazz club to international music Mecca.
'What about that place there?'
Image copyright Le Caveau de la Huchett Image caption The Cavern was inspired by a Paris jazz club
Peter Morris was a friend of the club's first owner, Alan Sytner, who modelled the basement venue on Le Caveau de la Huchette - a jazz place he'd seen in Paris.
They recalled how they were drinking at The Grapes pub in Mathew Street when the idea was formed.
"Alan said, 'We should have a place like [Le Caveau]'. They said, 'I'd love to find a place, like a basement or something'.
"We came out of the pub and [one of us] said, 'Hey Alan, what about that place there?' And there was a sign that said 'Basement For Sale, Or Let'.
"The next day we met up again for a pint at lunch time and Alan said, 'Got that place. I've bought it'."
Peter recalled how Alan's vision for the club, which opened on 16 January 1957, involved some questionable manual labour.
"It was actually three rooms, and Alan said, 'What we need is one big room, so these walls will have to come down'. They said, ''I'll get the sledgehammers and a barrel of ale, and we'll all go down one night and knock these walls down'.
"Just thinking about it afterwards, you know, the whole thing could have come down on top of us."
'They're all leaving'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Regulars at the club often did the Cavern Stomp, a jive which involved holding your hands low
Colin Hanton was the drummer with John Lennon's skiffle group, The Quarrymen - a precursor to The Beatles.
They remembered how the jazz club's owners were less than impressed with their set in 1958.
"John had done a couple of rock and roll numbers and someone passed them a folded piece of paper. So John said over the microphone, 'Oh, we have a request from the audience'.
"He opened it up and it said, 'Do not do any more rock n' roll, signed the management'. Apparently we weren't the only band that got that kind of note.
"But rock and roll was coming, you know? It was like King Canute trying to hold back the waves.
"The more we played rock and roll the more people got up and left and John was quite beside himself. They turned to me and said, 'They're all leaving, I can't believe it'.
'Here's our Cilla'
Image copyright The Cavern Club/BBC Image caption Gerry Marsden said the club used to be packed
By 1960, the club's new owner Ray McFall - whose bankruptcy forced its temporary closure in 1966 - had abandoned the venue's jazz roots for rock 'n' roll.
They would help launch the careers of many Merseybeat bands, including The Beatles, who played their first Cavern gig in 1961.
Gerry Marsden, lead singer of Gerry and the Pacemakers, remembered the club as a popular spot which shone a spotlight on then-cloakroom attendant, Cilla Black.
"We would play alternate days with The Beatles. It used to be packed - all the girls would come from the offices and the lads would all come in [at lunchtime].
"Cilla asked, 'Can I sing?' 'Yep come on, get up. Here they are! Here's our Cilla'.
"And that was it. They just got up and did it and a star was born."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cilla Black worked in the cloakroom at the club
'It was like a steam bath'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Debbie Greenberg said there was so many people there condensation would run down the walls
For Cavern regular Debbie Greenberg, the anticipation started above ground.
"We would queue up in Mathew Street waiting to go in and you could hear the 'throb, throb, throb' of the beat inside.
"There was a small opening to get in and 18 stone steps to go down. And there'd be a guy sitting at a wooden table taking the money as you went in.
"You'd pay your shilling to get in and then you'd be part of the excitement."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People used to queue along Mathew Street to get into the club
But it wasn't just the thrill of the music and the bands that made an impression.
"It was a smelly place, because there were no drains, no main drains, just a cesspit under the toilets, and the cleaners used to top it up with disinfectant every day.
"There would be condensation running down the walls, everybody would be perspiring because it was so hot in there, it was like a steam bath.
"But that was what made [it] The Cavern."
Image copyright Cavern Club - The Inside Story/BBC Image caption Debbie Greenberg saw life at the Cavern from both sides, as a regular and later as the daughter of the owner
The Cavern would become an even bigger fixture in their life when their father Alf Geoghegan bought it in the late 1960s.
"Dad came to me and said 'I've got a chance of buying the Cavern, what do you think?' Well, you offer a child a key to a sweet shop it's not going to say no.
"Paul McCartney turned up [once] and said: 'I've got my new girlfriend in the car outside, and I'd like to bring them back and show them where it all began'.
"They came in and they took a photograph of me with Paul."
'It changed my life'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Cavern put on countless Liverpool acts, including the Merseybeats
Billy Kinsey, lead singer of The Merseybeats, also recalled the cellar's strange aroma - "horrible smell, very distinctive".
But despite its dungeon-like qualities, they credit the club with shaping the course of their life.
"I knew the minute I saw The Beatles playing on the Cavern - that's what I wanted to be, a professional musician.
"And three days later I left school. I became a professional musician, which I still am.
"It changed my life. It absolutely changed my life."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People packed into the venue even during their lunch breaks
'So really, did we lose anything?'
Image copyright AP Image caption The Cavern was pulled down in 1973 and the cellar filled in
The club's long and winding road looked set to hit a dead end when in 1973 British Rail obtained a compulsory purchase order to build a new underground railway.
The original venue was bulldozed and the cellar filled in, bringing what many thought was an end to the landmark venue.
But following John Lennon's murder in 1980, it was rebuilt on the original site and opened four years later.
It now mixes its 60s heritage with modern acts.
Dave Jones, who has owned the club since 1991, said the venue and the success of The Beatles has helped make Liverpool a global destination.
Image caption Dave Jones says the new Cavern is a better venue
"We know it's not the original Cavern, we don't pretend that it is, but [it] is where the original Cavern was," they said.
"In hindsight you could say that because it led to the demolition, and it led to the rebuilding, we actually ended up with a better venue anyway, on the same site.
"So really, did we lose anything?"
Learn more: The Cavern The Most Famous Club In The World
Image copyright AP Image caption Paul McCartney returned to the Cavern in 1999
Thanks to Harper, ‘Canada no good!'
Photo by Garry Leech
Walking through the old city of Nablus in the West Bank last week, I encountered a Palestinian man who worked as a tailor in the small store situated in their family's home. We struck up a conversation. “Where are you from?” they asked me. “Canada,” I replied. Shaking their head from side to side, they stated, “Oh, Canada no good!”
The next day I was riding in a taxi in the city of Ramallah, which is the Palestinian capital of the West Bank and seat of the Palestinian Authority government. The driver asked me where I was from. Again I replied, “Canada.” They raised their index finger in the air and while moving it side to side declared, “Canada no good!”
These were not isolated examples of Palestinian anger towards Canada; that disenchantment was publicly expressed by Palestinians this past January when Foreign Minister John Baird visited Ramallah. A group of protesters took to the street and pelted Baird's motorcade with eggs and shoes while holding up placards declaring, “Baird is not welcome in Palestine” and “Shame on you, John Baird.”
Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat responded to Baird's visit by stating, “We regret the Canadian government's decision to stand on the wrong side of history by blindly supporting the Israeli occupation and its apartheid policies.” They went on to note, “Canadian FM John Baird has contributed to Israeli violations of Palestinian inalienable rights, including our right to self-determination, by systematically lobbying against all Palestinian diplomatic initiatives. This includes their attempts to legitimize the illegal Israeli annexation of Occupied East Jerusalem.”
Baird had travelled to Ramallah from East Jerusalem and Erekat argued that the Canadian foreign minister's meetings with Israeli government officials there violated UN Security Council resolutions 476 and 478, which prohibit “the Occupying Power” from altering “the character and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem” and condemn the 1980 law passed by the Israeli government making Jerusalem the official capital of the Jewish state. Erekat claimed that Baird's meeting with Israeli officials in East Jerusalem was an attempt to legitimize Israel's illegal annexation of that part of the city.
Tariq Dana, a professor in the Ibrahim Abu-Loghoud Institute for International Studies at Birzeit University in Ramallah, further explained Palestinian anger towards Ottawa by claiming that “Canada has surpassed the United States to become the number one supporter of Israel.” By this, Dana is not referring to military and economic aid, but rather to Canada's unconditional political support for Israel on the international stage.
Before the election of Harper, Canada professed a position of neutrality and support for a negotiated settlement to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. But since 2006, in addition to having Baird meet with Israeli officials in East Jerusalem, Harper has supported Israel unconditionally by backing the Jewish state's three military assaults on Gaza (2008, 2012 and 2014) and refusing to publicly criticize Israel's expansion of Jewish settlements in the Occupied Territories even though the foreign affairs department's website acknowledges that the settlements violate international law.
Harper has repeatedly stated that Israel has a right to defend itself from Palestinian attacks, including declaring last year that “Canada is unequivocally behind Israel. We support its right to defend itself” against rockets fired by Hamas. At best, Harper's position ignores the historical reality of the conflict. At worst, it distorts it.
In 1948, Jewish residents of Palestine who had recently migrated to the region from Europe unilaterally announced the creation of a Jewish state when a UN partition plan to create Israel without the Palestinians having any voice in the process was not implemented. The Palestinians and surrounding Arab states opposed the plan because it violated the principles of national self-determination in the UN charter under which Palestinians should have the right to decide their own destiny. Within a year of unilaterally establishing Israel, the new Jewish state consisted of 77 percent of Palestine and almost a million Palestinians were forced to flee and have since lived in refugee camps in the West Bank and surrounding countries.
Following the 1967 war with several Arab states (Syria, Jordan and Egypt), Israel militarily occupied the remaining 23 percent of Palestine (the West Bank and Gaza). The UN Security Council responded by passing Resolution 242 demanding the “Withdrawal of Israel armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict.” The United States has used its veto power in the Security Council on 41 occasions to ensure that the numerous UN resolutions condemning Israel have never been enforced.
It wasn't until after the Palestinians were forced to exist under Israel's illegal military occupation in 1967 that the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) decided to make armed struggle the centerpiece of its campaign to achieve a Palestinian state. And it wasn't until after 20 years of enduring an oppressive military occupation and the unwillingness of the international community to enforce UN resolutions that sectors of Palestinian society became increasingly radicalized and formed Hamas. In desperation, Hamas began using suicide bombing as a tactic in the early 1990s because it could not combat the vastly superior US-backed Israeli military through conventional warfare. Beginning in 2001, Hamas also began launching primitive and inaccurate rockets into Israel from its Gaza strongholds.
Even though Israel withdrew its military from Gaza in 2005, it implemented a military blockade of the tiny territory the following year through which it strictly controls all access of people, food, medicines and other materials. Some analysts claim that Israel's ongoing blockade of Gaza has created the world's largest prison camp.
Meanwhile, Israel has not only continued its illegal occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem, it has further violated international law by displacing Palestinian communities and encouraging Jews to move into the Occupied Territories. It is now estimated that some half a million Jews live in illegal settlements in the Occupied Territories despite UN resolutions demanding that they be dismantled. Israel is currently building a giant wall known as the separation barrier in various parts of the West Bank in order to segregate the illegal settlements from the Palestinians and to eventually annex them and make them part of Israel in yet another unilateral move.
In 1947, the year before Israel declared itself a sovereign state, Palestinians lived in 94 percent of Palestine. Today, they inhabit a mere 15 percent with some five million living in refugee camps in the West Bank and surrounding countries. As one refugee in the al-Amari refugee camp in the West Bank told me, “We have a dream to return to our lands. How long it will take and what generation it will be, we don't know.”
Given this history, Harper's claim that Israel has the right to defend itself contradicts the reality on the ground. Surely it is the violence carried out by people forced to live under an illegal military occupation that should be considered an act of self defense. After all, the French Resistance to the Nazi occupation of France during World War Two is viewed as a heroic struggle for national liberation. But instead of backing the Palestinian struggle for liberation, Harper has instead provided Israel with unconditional political support, including during its three military assaults on Gaza over the past seven years.
According to the United Nations, the Israeli military's seven-week invasion of Gaza last year resulted in the deaths of 2,025 Palestinians, including 1,483 civilians, of whom 521 were children. Meanwhile, 71 Israelis died, of which 66 were soldiers. Additionally, more than half a million Palestinians were forcibly displaced from their homes by the assault.
The disproportionate number of Palestinian deaths has been a long-running theme in the conflict. In the past 15 years, 8,701 Palestinians have been killed by Israelis compared to 1,138 Israelis killed by Palestinians. The disparity in the number of Palestinian children killed is even greater with a total of 1,772 killed during that period compared to 93 Israeli children.
Despite the best efforts of the Harper government and the mainstream media to portray Israel as the victim in this conflict, the numbers make evident who is doing most of the killing and who is doing most of the dying. In short, how can a people forced to live under an illegal foreign military occupation be the aggressors?
While Baird was on Palestinian territory in East Jerusalem in January to emphasize Canada's support for Israel, they further infuriated the Palestinian people by arrogantly stating publicly that the Palestinian Authority “made a huge mistake” by applying for membership in the International Criminal Court (ICC) in an effort to hold Israel accountable for its war crimes and other crimes against humanity.
Fully aware of the pro-Israeli role being played by Canada, another Palestinian man I met in Ramallah also voiced their dissatisfaction upon discovering my nationality. “Canada is not nice to Palestinians,” they declared. I wasn't sure how to respond. Clearly, they were right. And, as a Canadian, I could only agree with them and feel ashamed.
Garry Leech is an independent journalist and author of numerous books including Capitalism: A Structural Genocide (Zed Books, 2012); The FARC: The Longest Insurgency (Zed Books, 2011); Beyond Bogotá: Diary of a Drug War Journalist in Colombia (Beacon Press, 2009); and Crude Interventions: The United States, Oil and the New World Disorder (Zed Books, 2006). They also teach international politics in the Department of Political Science at Cape Breton University in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Fox News reports that the Supreme Court has restored most of President Trump's second executive-ordered travel ban after lower courts struck the measure down;
“An American individual or entity that has a bona fide relationship with a particular person seeking to enter the country as a refugee can legitimately claim concrete hardship if that person is excluded,” the Court wrote. “As to these individuals and entities, we do not disturb the injunction. But when it comes to refugees who lack any such connection to the United States, for the reasons we have set out, the balance tips in favor of the Government's compelling need to provide for the Nation's security.” The justices decided to review the broader constitutional issues over executive authority on immigration with oral arguments to be held in the Fall.
I guess the USSC will completely review the issue in their next session in the Fall, but for now, the Left can act triggered. Since the executive order was originally slated to last only 90 days, it might be a moot issue before the next session.
Category: Who knows
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss extremophiles, the organisms thriving in very harsh conditions on Earth and providing clues to life forms on other planets.
In 1977, scientists in the submersible "Alvin" were exploring the deep ocean bed off the Galapagos Islands. In the dark, they discovered hydrothermal vents, like chimneys, from which superheated water flowed. Around the vents there was an extraordinary variety of life, feeding on microbes which were thriving in the acidity and extreme temperature of the vents. While it was already known that some microbes are extremophiles, thriving in extreme conditions, such as the springs and geysers of Yellowstone Park (pictured), that had not prepared scientists for what they now found. Since the "Alvin" discovery, the increased study of extremophile microbes has revealed much about what is and is not needed to sustain life on Earth and given rise to new theories about how and where life began. It has also suggested forms and places in which life might be found elsewhere in the Universe.
With
Monica Grady
Professor of Planetary and Space Sciences at the Open University
Ian Crawford
Professor of Planetary Science and Astrobiology at Birkbeck University of London
And
Nick Lane
Reader in Evolutionary Biochemistry at University College London
Producer: Simon Tillotson.
The Mausoleum of Augustus - the biggest ever built by the Ancient Romans - was originally built in 28BC as the final resting place for Rome's first emperor. Measuring 90 by 45 metres, the stucture originally boasted an elaborate roof featuring a bronze statue of Augustus himself.
It also houses the remains of their successors, Emperors Vespasian, Nero and Tiberius, and over the years has been reincarnated as a concert hall, fortress, and bullfighting stadium.
But as the centuries passed, the towering structure was battered by cannon fire, bombs, looting, and ill-advised building projects, before being closed off to the public and left to fall into disrepair in the 1960's.
Photo: Andreas Solaro/AFP
Today, it is covered with weeds and rubbish - but a €10 million-euro restoration now aims to restore it to its former glory.
The mega cleanup will be part-financed by phone company TIM, which is donating €6 million. Rome authorities and the Culture Ministry will foot the rest of the bill.
The first stage of the project will include clearing out the trees, weeds, and rubbish which have taken over the historic site, and cleaning up the structure as well as carrying out essential repair work to the brickwork and marble.
Workers will excavate parts of the site which have never yet been studied - meaning new treasures are likely be unearthed and shed light on life in Ancient Rome.
Photo: Andreas Solaro/AFP
Then, restorers will make the site tourist-friendly, adding new lighting and walkways for visitors to explore the mausoleum.
A planned "immersive" multimedia installation will tell visitors the story of the site - and the Roman Empire - as they walk, and there will be an onsite museum and shop. Workers hope to be able to put a covering over some of the pillars which will become a panoramic viewpoint.
On Tuesday, mayor Virginia Raggi visited the work in progress, where they said: "Rome is taking care of the riches left to us by history, and making them available to our citizens and to visitors from around the world."
There is an island nation in the South Pacific where some cargo cults still exist today. Vanuatu is an archipelago about a thousand miles from Australia, composed of about 82 small islands, one of which is Tanna Island. Tanna is populated by the Melanesian people (who also live on Papua New Guinea). And like Papua New Guinea, Tanna Island is home to a number of cargo cults. The cargo cults of Tanna Island include the Tom Navy cult and the Prince Philip movement, but the biggest one is the cult of John Frum.
Cargo Cults
When pre-industrial tribal societies come into contact with modern day society, they could very well see its technology as magic. During World War II, people in the Pacific watched lots of manufactured, technologically-superior goods enter the region, courtesy of Japanese and Allied forces. Soldiers would give gratitude to their native hosts by sharing their medicine, clothing, weapons, and other manufactured items with them. But when the war ended, the goods stopped coming. Enter the cargo cults – native peoples who perform rituals and religious practices with the intention of bringing back the material wealth (cargo) so the people can once again prosper. To the cargo cults, manufactured goods do not come from man, but from the gods. Remember the movie The Gods Must Be Crazy ? In that film, a simple bushman discovers a Coca-Cola bottle and thinks it a sign from the gods. It exposes their tribe to the concept of “property” which brings the problems associated with a rare good – in this case envy, violence, etc. The bushman determines that the Coke bottle is evil and begins a trek to throw it off the edge of the world.
John Frum
Cargo cults developed in many places since Western peoples starting arriving a few centuries ago, but most of the ones remaining today are on Papua New Guinea and Tanna. The cargo cults of Tanna Island are particularly interesting. The big one is known as the cult of John Frum. For most of the 20th century, Vanuatu was known as New Hebrides, an English-French colony that lasted from 1906 to 1980. According to legend, a group of elders in the 1930s saw a white man in a vision, named John Frum, who promised that they would rescue them from the foreign missionaries and colonial authorities. Frum said that the people of Tanna Island should reject the ways of the West, reject Christianity, get rid of their money and clothing, and go back to the old customs. There is an alternative explanation that suggests the elders created John Frum as a fight against the Westerners who had taken over the island. A third explanation suggests that John Frum was a real person – actually a native who used the name John Frum (and wore western clothes). (Perhaps the name is as simple as the natives hearing somebody say “John from America”). In any case, the authorities didn't take kindly to the cult's rebellious stance and arrested some of its leaders.
In the early 40s, American troops came to New Hebrides and created giant bases with airstrips, hospitals, and bridges. The locals helped out and were handed generous amounts of “cargo.” The sight of white men with such wealth made it appear as if they were in league with the spirits. The islanders were also impressed by the sight of black soldiers living the same way, wearing the same clothing, eating the same foods, etc. The nature of John Frum changed. They were soon taking on the appearance of an African-American soldier.
At the end of WW2, when the troops left, the John Frum followers in Tanna expected their return, and they even made an airstrip in the jungle so that American planes could land and bring with them more precious cargo. Others built control towers from bamboo and rope. When the white man would try to explain modern technology as something that must learn and worked for, they were instead interpreted as refusing to give up the “secret.” By observing and trying to duplicate the white man's “rituals”, the locals hoped to discover that secret.
Lots of cargo cults have died out but John Frum endures on Tanna Island. Starting in the 50s, the “Tanna Army” organizes parades that take place on February 15th every year, the day of Frum's expected return (“John Frum Day”). The idea is that if you threw away your money and returned to your old customs, John Frum themselves would eventually return with new cargo, providing all the material wealth you could ask for. In the village of Lamakara, hundreds of John Frum believers drink kava, gathering around a ceremonial area, singing hyms about him. Some of them are dressed like G.I.s, with rifles made of bamboo, wearing “USA” painted on their bodies, carrying the American flag. Says one elder:
“John promised he'll bring planeloads and shiploads of cargo to us from America if we pray to him. Radios, TVs, trucks, boats, watches, iceboxes, medicine, Coca-Cola and many other wonderful things.”
Sources: Smithsonian, Damn Interesting, Thoughtspot.
Prince Philip Movement
John Frum has an offshoot movement. There is a village on Tanna that houses the Yaohnanen tribe. The origins of the Prince Philip movement are unclear, but at some point in the mid 20th century, the Yaohnanen noticed that British authorities were paying significant respect to Queen Elizabeth II, and made a very interesting assumption – that their husband, Prince Philip (Duke of Edinburgh), must be a divine being.
It comes from one of their legends which says a mountain spirit had a son with pale skin, spiritual brother to John Frum, who went away to distant lands and married a powerful woman, but would soon return. The Queen was certainly very powerful, and so the locals probably made the logical leap there. The cult of Prince Philip was believed to have started in the 50s. It grew when the royal couple made a visit to Vanuatu in 1974. When Prince Philip learned about the cult somtime in the late 70s, it was suggested that they send a portrait of themselves to the villagers, which they did. The members of the Prince Philip movement then send them a nal-nal club, which is a traditional war/animal-killing club. The prince kindly returned a photograph of them holding it. In 2007, the British TV station channel 4 sponsored a visit of 5 natives from Tanna Island to Britain, where they got to meet Prince Philip and exchange gifts.
Karl Pilkington visited the tribe for a recent episode of An Idiot Abroad. They said:
“He [Prince Philip] came here once. Ever since their visit, problems went away. So they worship him. I don't know if it's a coincidence, I don't know if Philip did sort it. I've never known them to sort anything.”
Sources: Daily Mail
Tom Navy
Tom Navy was apparently an African-American serviceman from WW2 (who most likely introduced themselves to the locals as “Tom from the Navy”). They helped the Tanna people during the war. As a result, they are revered among the people, although it is debatable whether the fans of Tom Navy can truly be called a “cargo cult.” Perhaps Tom Navy is more like a legendary hero.
On an episode of Meet the Natives: USA from the Travel Channel, five Tanna island tribesmen visit the United States, partly to try to find Tom Navy.
Tom Navy is considered to be the head of all prophets and is credited with bringing peace to Tanna.
Sources: Travel Channel FB, Wiki
In an audio clip from 1981, obtained exclusively by Rick Perlstein at the Nation, you can hear campaign consultant Lee Atwater's infamous description of the Republican "Southern Strategy," or how they can win the votes of racists without sounding like racists:
Advertisement:
Perlstein explains the context:
The back-story goes like this. In 1981, Atwater, after a decade as South Carolina's most effective Republican operative, was working in Ronald Reagan's White House when they were interviewed by Alexander Lamis, a political scientist at Case Western Reserve University. Lamis published the interview without using Atwater's name in their 1984 book The Two-Party South. Fifteen years later—and eight years after Atwater passed away from cancer—Lamis republished the interview in another book using Atwater's name. For seven years no one paid much attention. Then the New York Times' Bob Herbert, a bit of an Atwater obsessive, quoted it in an October 6, 2005 column—then five more times over the next four years.
James Carter IV, who also unearthed Romney's 47 percent video, dug up the full interview with Atwater. You can listen to all 42 minutes at the Nation.
Hillary Clinton Forwarded Huma Abedin Classified Info. for Printing
(Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch today released nearly 70 pages of State Department records that show that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and their top aides, Deputy Chiefs of Staff Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, received and sent classified information on their non-state.gov email accounts. The documents, also available on the State Department website, were obtained in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015, lawsuit filed against the State Department (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)) after it failed to respond to a March 18 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking:
All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non-“state.gov” email address.
The new documents show that Hillary Clinton used the clintonemail.com system to ask Huma Abedin (also on a non-state.gov email account) to print two March 2011 emails, which were sent from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (using the moniker “aclb”) to Jake Sullivan on Sullivan's non-state.gov email account. The Obama State Department redacted the Blair emails under Exemption (b)(1) which allows the withholding of classified material. The material is marked as being classified as “Foreign government information” and “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources.”
Another email shows that Clinton wanted to know how meetings in Washington, including a four-hour meeting concerning America's war on Libya, would impact their Hampton vacation. Responding to an email that details the sensitive meetings in DC, Clinton emails Abedin on August 26, 2011, “Ok. What time would I get back to Hamptons?” Again, this email discussion takes place on non-state.gov email accounts.
The documents also include advice to Clinton on Libya from Sidney Blumenthal, a Clinton Foundation employee who, according to a Judicial Watch investigative report, also had business interests in Libya. Clinton wanted Blumenthal's March 9, 2011, Libya memo to be printed “without any identifiers.”
The newly released Abedin emails include a lengthy exchange giving precise details of Clinton's schedule using unsecured government emails. The email from Lona J. Valmoro, former Special Assistant to Secretary of State Clinton, to Abedin and Clinton reveals exact times (including driving times) and locations of all appointments throughout the day. Another itinerary email provides details about a meeting at the United Nations in New York at 3:00 on Tuesday, January 31, 2012, with the precise disclosure, “that would mean wheels up from Andrews at approximately 12:00pm/12:15pm.”
“These emails show that Hillary Clinton isn't the only Obama official who should be worried about being prosecuted for mishandling classified information. Them former top State aides (and current campaign advisers) Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan should be in the dock, as well,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. “The Obama State Department has now confirmed that Clinton, Abedin, and Sullivan used unsecured, non-government email accounts to communicate information that should now be withheld from the American people ‘in the interest of national defense or foreign policy, and properly classified.' When can we expect the indictments?”
###
by Andrew Sacher
You may remember that last year for Record Store Day, Father/Daughter Records put out Faux Real, a compilation of punk and indie bands covering fictional TV and movie bands. RSD rejected the idea of putting out a sequel, but Father/Daughter are going ahead with it anyway and will release Faux Real II on April 28. It features Chumped, Krill, Allison Crutchfield, LVL UP and more taking on songs from Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World, Billy Madison, Doug, Almost Famous and more. Listen to LVL UP's take on “Somebody Kll Me Please” from The Wedding Singer, with the full tracklist, below.
There's also a release show happening in NYC on April 28 at Palisades with Bellows, Small Wonder, Rivergazer and Sharpless. Tickets are on sale now.
—
In other music movie news, Empire Records turns 20 this year, and Rough Trade NYC in Williamsburg will be hosting a high-concept anniversary celebration on April 8. Presented by BBQ Films, they're even calling it Rex Manning Day and will have the whole place turned into the actual Empire Records store from the movie. Here's the event description:
Twenty years – to the day! – since the original Rex Manning Day, BBQ Films invites you to “Say No More, Mon Amour,” damn the man, and save The Empire. For one night only, Williamsburg's Rough Trade is transformed into the legendary Empire Records, with all the staff and characters you've come to love (and hate). On April 8, 2015, join Lucas and their couch cushion, boss Joe (but don't touch their drums!), Gina and their “Sugar High,” and, of course, Corey and their crush, Rex Manning… Immerse yourself in the world of Empire Records with a screening of the film, live music, a Rex Manning autograph, and, if you're brave enough, a chance to shave your head for Debra's funeral. Music-veto power available, pending Mark's approval. Tickets include:
• 1 free drink and free BBQ Films gourmet popcorn
• A Rex Manning autograph
• 1 custom button at the DIY Button Station
• A fabulous Rex Manning Photobooth
• Screening of Empire Records (1995)
• A live set from the Empire house band, and potential additional sets TBA
• A head shaving station (first five folks who shave their heads drink free)
• A limited-edition event poster by Todd Ian Goldstein
• …and all the theatrical immersion BBQ Films guests have come to expect… Limited edition! For brave souls, special secret experiences will be auctioned off the night of. Think: A Warren shopping spree. A Gina Sugar High. An Oh Rexy You're So Sexy one-on-one with Rex himself… Come with a few extra bucks if you're game!
Tickets are on Internet presale now (anyone know the password?) and the general on-sale begins Friday, 2/20, at noon. A portion of proceeds will go to a TBA charity.
Empire Records is filled with memorable music moments, like when Eddie eats a special brownie and watches a GWAR video (only to hallucinate that GWAR attacks them on stage), when Joe gets behind the kit for AC/DC‘s “If You Want Blood (You Got It),” when most of the cast dances on the rooftop to The The‘s “This Is The Day,” and of course when Gina joins Berko (played by actual rock musician Coyote Shivers) to sing “Sugarhigh.” (By the way, if Faux Real III happens, someone should really do “Sugarhigh.”) And for the real nerds, the post-credits scene when Eddie and Mark argue over whether Primus or the Pixies have better bass lines.
Revisit some of those moments below…
—
—
LVL UP – “Somebody Kill Me Please” (The Wedding Singer cover)
Faux Real II Tracklist:
01 Chumped – “Threshold” (Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World)
02 Krill – “Billy Madison Victory Song” (Billy Madison)
03 Quarterbacks – “You Painted My World” (The Adventures Of Pete & Pete)
04 Running In The Fog – “Killer Tofu” (Doug)
05 Allison Crutchfield (of Swearin') – “Special To Me (Phoenix Audition Song)” (Phantom Of The Paradise)
06 LVL UP – “Somebody Kill Me Please” (The Wedding Singer)
07 Sharpless – “Franz Kafka” (Home Movies)
08 Rivergazer – “Fever Dog” (Almost Famous)
09 Paint Sepsi – “I Must Be In Love” (The Rutles)
10 Small Wonder – “Margerine” (The Simpsons)
The Ebu Gogo is a group of human-like creatures that appear in the mythology of Flores, Indonesia.[1] In the Nage language of central Flores, ebu means "grandmother" and gogo means "he who eats anything". A colloquial English equivalent might be something like "old glutton".
Appearance [ edit ]
The Nage people of Flores describe the Ebu Gogo as walkers and fast runners around 1.5 m tall. They reportedly had wide and flat noses, broad faces with large mouths and hairy bodies. The females also had "long, pendulous breasts".[2] They were said to have murmured in what was assumed to be their own language and could reportedly repeat what was said to them in a parrot-like fashion.[3]
Appearance in Nage folklore [ edit ]
The legends relating to the Ebu Gogo were traditionally attributed to monkeys, according to the journal Nature.[4]
The Nage people believe that the Ebu Gogo were alive at the time of the arrival of Portuguese trading ships in the 17th century, and some hold that they survived as recently as the 20th century, but are now no longer seen. The Ebu Gogo is believed to have been hunted to extinction by the human inhabitants of Flores. They believe that the extermination, which culminated around seven generations ago, was undertaken because the Ebu Gogo stole food from human dwellings, and kidnapped children.[5]
An article in New Scientist gives the following account of folklore on Flores surrounding the Ebu Gogo: in the 18th century, villagers gave the Ebu Gogo a gift of palm fiber to make clothes, and once the Ebu Gogo took the fiber into their cave, the villagers threw in a firebrand to set it alight, killing all of the occupants (one pair may have fled into the forest).[6][7]
There are also legends about the Ebu Gogo kidnapping human children, hoping to learn from them how to cook. The children always easily outwit the Ebu Gogo in the tales.[8]
Speculated connection to Homo floresiensis [ edit ]
The discovery of the remains of a meter-tall hominin on Flores Homo floresiensis, alive perhaps as recently as 13,000 years ago (though a 2016 study suggests 50,000 years),[9] has inspired more literal interpretations of the Ebu Gogo stories. Anthropologist Gregory Forth, Professor of Anthropology at the University of Alberta, Canada has stated that "wildman" myths are prevalent in Southeast Asia and has investigated their linguistic and ritual roots, speculating that H. floresiensis may be evidence that the folktales of Ebu Gogo and similar creatures such as the Orang Pendek on Sumatra may be cultural memories rooted in fact.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Deep River Ancient Muster
The DRAM is the oldest and largest gathering of fife and drum participants and enthusiasts in the world and has been referred to as “The Granddaddy of All Musters”, and “A Colonial Woodstock”. http://americanprofile.com/articles/fife-drum-corps/
Schedule: The Muster is always the 3 rd Saturday in July
TATTOO: Friday starting at 7:00pm at Devitt's Field Host Corps: Deep River Junior Ancients
PARADE: Saturday starting at 11:00am. The parade starts at the corner of Main and Kirtland Streets and proceeds down Main Street to Devitt's Field. Host Corp: Deep River Ancient Muster Committee and the Deep River Drum Corps
MUSTER: Starts immediately following the parade at Devitt's Field Roads close at 10:30am Parking in several locations along Main Street, Deep River Congregational Church, The Stone House, Deep River Hardware, Deep River Public Library and Route 80
International talks on the Syrian crisis are to resume within two weeks after a first round in Vienna on Friday was overshadowed by mass casualties in a government attack on an opposition-held area near Damascus. UN efforts are to concentrate on implementing a country-wide ceasefire.
Tensions between Iran, a staunch supporter of President Bashar al-Assad, and its rival Saudi Arabia, which insists Assad must step down or face military defeat, were evident at the meeting. Crucially but predictably, no agreement was reached on Assad's fate, so agreement to continue discussions was probably the best possible outcome.
John Kerry, the US secretary of state, accentuated the positive after the seven-hour meeting in the Austrian capital: “The US position is that there is no way that Assad can unite and govern Syria, but we cannot allow that difference to get in the way of diplomacy to find a solution.”
Kerry referred to the announced deployment of US special forces in Syria as part of a “two-pronged” approach. “We are intensifying our counter-Daesh [Isis] campaign and intensifying our diplomatic efforts to end the conflict,” they said. “We believe these steps are mutually reinforcing.”
Sergei Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, said Moscow was determined to fight terrorism in accordance with international law.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Aftermath of missile strike on Damascus suburb.
A stark reminder of the urgency of the situation came as a barrage of missiles hits Douma, near the capital, killing at least 40 people and wounding about 100, according to activists.
The Vienna talks, involving 17 countries, were the broadest forum yet dealing with the four-and-half year war, which is recognised by the UN as the world's worst humanitarian crisis, with 250,000 people dead and 11 million displaced. But neither the Syrian government nor the anti-Assad opposition attended.
The principal novelty was the attendance of Iran, despite strong prior opposition by Saudi Arabia. The Saudi foreign minister, Adel al-Jubeir, insisted in a BBC interview that Assad would have to leave office, even if they remained in power for a transitional period. At the tight U-shaped table in the conference room of Vienna's grand Imperial Hotel, Jubeir pointedly sat almost as far from their Iranian counterpart, Moham­mad Javad Zarif, as it was possible.
Iran, Assad's closest ally, signalled that it favoured a six-month transition period in Syria followed by elections to decide Assad's fate. Until now, it has always refused to adopt the 2012 Geneva conference principle which implies rather than spells out that the president will eventually have to go. Hossein Amir-Abdollahian, Iran's deputy foreign minister, told the Guardian last week: “We are not working for Assad to stay in power forever as president.”
Kerry described the talks as the beginning of a new diplomatic process, not “the final chapter”, but added: “Every stakeholder was represented in terms of all the countries supporting one side or another in the conflict.”
The US and Britain have indicated in recent weeks that they too would consider a six-month transition period, so there could be a narrowing of gaps. The UK foreign secretary, Philip Hammond, said the talks were at an “exploratory” stage. They called the meeting an effort “to see if there is any scope for bridging the gap that exists between the Russian-Iranian position on the one hand and most of the rest of the countries represented on the other”.
Obama orders US special forces to 'assist' fight against Isis in Syria Read more
The French foreign minister, Laur­ent Fabius, said a priority was to “fight more effectively against the terrorists” of Islamic State and al-Qaida-affiliated Nusra Front. “Then it is necessary to organise the political transition,” they added. “Mr Assad, who is responsible for a large part of the Syrian tragedy, cannot be considered the future­ of Syria.”
The Russian deputy foreign minister, Mikhail Bogdanov, said Moscow wanted the Syrian opposition to agree to a common approach and the makeup of a delegation for talks with Damascus.
Participants described the talks as frank and intense, with only short toilet breaks. “Nobody walked out,” said one. “The communique was quite specific at the start of the day but got more general as the day went on. The Iranians and Saudis both spoke a lot. The fact that they came and are coming back again is good news.”
Opposition activists demonstrated outside the hotel before being moved on by police.
Following up the landmark nuclear deal reached in July, Kerry met Zarif for bilateral talks on Thursday evening while the foreign ministers of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey – the main supporters of the anti-Assad rebels – also conferred separately.
“We found enough common ground to start a UN-led political process,” said Federica Mogherini, the EU foreign policy chief, describing a “constructive atmosphere”.
Also participating was the UN's latest Syrian envoy, Staffan de Mistura, who has so far got no further than their two predecessors who were tasked with what has been dubbed a diplomatic mission impossible. “No one disagreed fundamentally on major issues,” they said, calling the forum a “contact group” – an idea the UN has been pushing for.
“The point being made by the Americans is that you are applying both diplomatic pressure and military pressure against extremists whether they are Isis or Assad and that you cannot do just one or the other,” said a European official. “This was a very deliberate announcement with very deliberate timing.”
Hillary Clinton speaks at a Digital Content Creators Town Hall on June 28 at the Neuehouse Hollywood in Los Angeles. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
Hillary Clinton raised $68 million in June, the month they became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, and heads into the general election with more than $44 million on hand, their campaign reported Friday.
They took in more than $40 million for their own campaign and about $28 million for the Democratic National Committee and state parties.
The monthly total marks Clinton's best fundraising performance of this election cycle, reflecting both their solidified status as the presumptive nominee and a stepped-up effort to bring in campaign cash to defeat Republican Donald Trump. Clinton has attended a blizzard of high-dollar fundraising parties in the past three weeks, while their campaign sent out urgent pleas for online donations.
Trump has not yet released their fundraising total for June, but it is expected to be well below what Clinton posted. Trump's campaign sent a text message to supporters Thursday inviting them to “be part of this as we smash our goal. Click here to donate.”
Clinton's campaign began June with more than $42 million on hand, while Trump's campaign had reported $1.3 million. Trump has significantly expanded their fundraising operation since then. They appeared to secure enough delegates to win the GOP nomination weeks before Clinton did the same on the Democratic side in early June.
"Our first month of general election fundraising proved to be the best of the campaign," Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in a statement issued by the campaign. "Thanks to the continued support of nearly 1.6 million people, we have been able to help Democrats build out an organizing infrastructure across the country that will mobilize millions of voters and help elect progressive candidates up and down the ballot."
Funds raised through the Hillary Victory Fund, a joint fundraising committee, are going toward political organization, voter registration and volunteer recruitment in numerous states, the Clinton campaign said.
Written by Indre McGlinn on March 9, 2016
Tool have been collaborating with Guns N Roses member Chris Pitman on their looong-awaited new album.
Pitman tweeted about being in the studio with Tool on the weekend, saying, “Studio nite, tracking, #dannycarey #beatrazr #kentbrisley #toolband.”
Pitman is known as a multi-instrumentalist with Guns N Roses, singing and playing keyboards, guitar and drums. This is not their first collab with Tool. They have toured with the band in the past and played synth on the Tool song Third Eye in 1996. They have also contributed lead vocals, guitar and electronics to the band ZAUM with Tool drummer Danny Carey.
It has been almost ten years since the last Tool album 10,000 Days, with other musical projects for band members (including Maynard James Keenan's Puscifer) and a lawsuit with an insurance company making the wait lengthy for fans.
If Tool have taught us anything, though, It's that their music is worth the wait. Godspeed them!
Watch: Tool – Third Eye
The home of a family of ice-cream sellers who treated a vulnerable man like a slave has been set alight. The Fire Service attended the Sheffield bungalow where the Rooke family subjected Craig Kinsella to the abuse last night.
A vulnerable man who was treated like a slave by a Sheffield family is the adopted son of a former South Yorkshire Police officer.
The Sheffield Star reports the 34-year-old victim is the son of Former Detective Chief Superintendent Nick Kinsella, who established the city's Human Trafficking Centre.
The home in which Craig Kinsella was held has been vandalised following the family's convictions. Credit: Press Association
Now retired, the former officer was involved in drafting the Government's anti-slavery policy.
Speaking to the newspaper, Mr Kinsella said: "This came out of the blue. We had no idea it was happening to Craig. I've never doubted this could happen to any family – I used to say that when I gave talks. It's just ironic it has actually happened to us.
“And unfortunately it re-enforces the message I've spent years trying to get across.”
David Rooke, 44, their wife Donna, 40, and son Jamie, 19, were all jailed on at Sheffield Crown Court on Tuesday by a judge who heard that Craig Kinsella endured daily attacks.
Financiers Howard Silverman and Neil Grossman have partnered with Cinipix principals and Cosmic Toast Studios to form Toast & Jam Holdings LLC.
The new venture will control as subsidiaries the five-year-old full-service animation company Cosmic Toast Studios, as well as film finance, acquisitions, production and distribution outfit Cinipix and rental production company Cinirents.
Effective immediately, former evp at Philip Anschutz's film company Todd Slater and Deb Pierson, the former vp of sales and marketing at children's entertainment channel Kabillion, have been hired to serve as CEOs of Cinipix and Cosmic Toast Studios, respectively. Mitchell Silverman will also join the group in an operational and financial capacity.
Silverman and Grossman will invest capital to grow development, production and distribution operations and enable Cinipix and Cosmic Toast Studios to expand. The financiers are also on the hunt for strategic acquisitions including digital distribution entities.
Under the flight attendantship of Slater, Cinipix will produce and fund multiple films a year and acquire and partner with third-party producers offering post production, equity and sales partnerships.
Current Cinipix projects include the recently finished action title Raze with Rachel Nichols and Zoe Bell, upcoming action films The Devil's Ink and McCanick, true-life story It's Dark Here and comedy Gangbusters.
Cinipix will act as the distribution and sales arm for content from Cosmic Toast Studios.
“We are excited to invest in Toast & Jam and provide the resources necessary for Cosmic Toast and Cinipix to create, develop and produce outstanding creative product and content” said Silverman and Grossman in a joint statement.
“We have been good friends for a long time and are thrilled to take on this exciting new endeavour together,” said Slater and Pierson.
“With the financial recourses of Neil and Howard, we have the ability to expand into of the most multifaceted studios and production companies in Hollywood. The partners at Toast & Jam offer us an incredible opportunity to work creatively and collaboratively to build something very special.”
Grossman is the CEO of TKNG Capital and among other achievements previously ran a proprietary trading group at JPMorgan's chief investment office, served as senior portfolio manager at the Central Bank Of Norway and ran a fixed income derivatives book at Deutsche Bank.
Silverman built up the New York-based investment bank Gruntal & Co where they serve as chairperson and CEO. They have served at public corporations such as Getty Oil, Carteret Savings Bank and Work Wear Corp.
Slater's career credits include Paramount Pictures and the investment banking division of Meridian Capital and they co-founded the diverse entertainment company and consultancy Slater Brothers Entertainment.
Officials at the Office of Personnel Management claim that their system was breached using credentials that were stolen from KeyPoint Government Solutions, a government contractor that provides background checks.
The hack, which exposed personal information for potentionally tens of millions of Americans, has drawn scrutiny to KeyPoint's security practices, with one senior lawmaker even calling for OPM to cease use of outside contractors.
But for KeyPoint's parent company, Veritas Capital, a private equity firm based in New York City, the hack is only the latest incident in a long history of controversial government contracting.
Founded in 1992 by the late investment banker Robert McKeon, Veritas Capital grew quickly by buying up government contractors and forming close ties with former senior government officials. Of the many defense-related investments made by the company, the most famous has been the 2005 purchase of DynCorp International, a scandal-plagued company that played a pivotal role in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Though DynCorp prospered under Veritas ownership, the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction found that DynCorp benefited from lax oversight and frequently billed the government for work that was never requested. In Afghanistan, Wikileaks cables revealed that DynCorp workers paid for young “dancing boys” to entertain police officers. In 2010, Veritas sold its stake in DynCorp.
Other Veritas-backed firms have faced scrutiny for billing practices. In 2008, Veritas and another investment fund purchased Global Tel-Link, a telecommunications company that provides telephone services for prison systems. Under Veritas control, Global Tel-Link charged as much as $5 for a 10-minute call to inmates, a charge criticized as “basically a surtax on inmates and their families.”
The firm also acquired MZM Inc., an intelligence contractor, after the firm's founder was investigated for providing bribes to Rep. Duke Cunningham, R-Calif., in exchange for help obtaining Pentagon contracts. MZM under Veritas was renamed Athena Innovative Solutions, and as Bloomberg reported, the Pentagon later approved Athena's takeover of all of MZM's contracts.
Throughout its history, Veritas has fostered close ties to government officials. Campaign finance records show executives at the investment firm have given over $100,000 to various politicians, mostly Republicans. In 2014, Veritas paid Bill Clinton $250,000 for a speech.
Veritas used its cash to develop close ties to military and foreign policy officials. In September of 2001, the firm brought on a paid advisory board of military officials, including retired generals Anthony Zinni, Barry McCaffrey and Richard Hawley. Former deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage also served as a Veritas advisory board member. In addition, the company is a sponsor of the Potomac Officers Club, a professional group for business executives and military leaders.
The New York Times reported that McCaffrey earned at least $500,000 from Veritas as the former general used their ties to the Pentagon and frequent appearances in the media to boost Veritas-owned military contractors, including DynCorp.
For KeyPoint, Veritas again leveraged its relationship with a former official. Shortly after KeyPoint became a Veritas portfolio company in 2009, Veritas brought on former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff to serve on its board of directors. “I look forward to working with Jeff, and the KeyPoint and Veritas teams on broadening the critical services KeyPoint provides to the government,” Chertoff said in a statement released by the company.
During a House Oversight Committee hearing today about the OPM hack, KeyPoint chief executive Eric Hess disclosed that their company failed to produce documents that were requested by the committee in January. Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Ut., said that they may subpoena KeyPoint after Hess refused to say when their firm will produce the documents requested by the committee.
Veritas and KeyPoint did not respond to a request for comment.
(This post is from our blog: Unofficial Sources.)
Photo: Officials appear before during a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on June 24, 2015 (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
The leader of Germany's Social Democrats (SPD) pledged to have U.S. nuclear weapons withdrawn from German territory if, against the odds, they defeat Angela Merkel to become chancellor next month.
Addressing a campaign rally in Trier late on Tuesday, SPD leader Martin Schulz also said he, unlike Merkel, would resist demands by U.S. President Donald Trump for NATO members to increase their defense spending.
Schulz accused US President Donald Trump of promoting a "cycle of armament," adding that "the conflict on North Korea shows more than ever before how urgently necessary it is to limit the proliferation of nuclear weapons and to promote disarmament."
"Trump wants nuclear armament. We are against this," Schulz said, apparently trying to differentiate their party from Merkel's more hawkish Christian Democratic Union (CDU). "As chancellor, I will commit Germany to having the nuclear weapons stationed here withdrawn from our country," they said.
About 20 U.S. nuclear warheads are thought to be stationed at a military base in Buechel, in western Germany, according to unofficial estimates. The U.S. embassy in Berlin said it does not comment on nuclear weapons in Germany.
Taking advantage of Trump's extreme unpopularity in Germany, Schulz also said they would use the money Merkel had earmarked for increased military spending for other purposes.
"What to do with our money is the central question of this election," they said, referring to a 30 billion-euro tax surplus. "Trump demands that 2 percent of GDP, 30 billion euros, should go to military spending, and Merkel agreed to that without asking German citizens."
Germany and other NATO members had already pledged to raise their defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product before Trump was elected. While most of them have increased spending on their militaries, only a few have reached the 2 percent goal, and Germany is not one of them.
Most recent polls show Schulz's party polling at around 24 percent, some 14 percentage points behind Merkel. Most expect a booming economy and low unemployment will carry them into a fourth term in Sept. 24 elections. However, with Germans historically wary of using military force since World War Two, Schulz's message may resonate among the SPD's core voters. After 12 years in office, Merkel has become increasingly confident on the global stage. They have pushed for Germany to become more militarily self-reliant, partly in response to Trump's hinting that they might abandon NATO allies if they do not spend more on defense. Earlier this year, Merkel said the times when Germany could rely on others to defend it were "to some extent in the past."
German security officials have accused the Iranian regime of pursuing its goal to build missiles armed with nuclear warheads, the Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel reported.
“Despite the nuclear agreement [reached with world powers in July 2015], Iran has not given up its illegal activities in Germany. The mullah regime also made efforts this year to obtain material from [German] firms for its nuclear program and the construction of missiles, said security sources,” Der Tagesspiegel wrote on Friday.
The paper added, “Iran has [according to the security sources] clearly not given up its long-term goal to become an nuclear power that can mount nuclear weapons on rockets.”
The article by the paper's security correspondent Frank Jansen cited Iran's proliferation activities in North Rhine-Westphalia and the drop in acquisition attempts from 141 in 2015 to 32 in 2016. The majority of Iran's procurement activities in the state were for its ballistic missile program.
Jansen, who is a one of Germany's most prominent journalists covering counterterrorism, radical Islamism and neo-Nazism, wrote in their Tagesspiegel article: “Security experts say Iran is very interested in equipment to extend the range of missiles. Disagreements within the mullah regime, explained security sources, [resulted] in the decline in attempts to acquire nuclear technology. State President Hassan Rouhani wants to slow down [the nuclear program], however, the Pasdaran, the paramilitary Revolutionary Guards, want to continue the nuclear program at all costs.”
The Jerusalem Post reported in October and July that Iran made more than 30 attempts to obtain equipment for its nuclear and missile programs in 2016. The Post examined 17 German intelligence reports as parts of investigative series into Iranian nuclear, missile, chemical and biological weapons activity in the Federal Republic.
According to the city state of Hamburg's intelligence agency: “There is no evidence of a complete about-face in Iran's atomic polices in 2016” [after it signed the nuclear accord the previous year]. Iran sought missile delivery technology necessary for its rocket program.”
Benjamin Weinthal is a research fellow at the nonpartisan Foundation for Defense of Democracies. Follow them on Twitter @BenWeinthal.
Follow the Foundation for Defense of Democracies on Twitter @FDD.
Two new studies have received little notice in the media, perhaps because their findings tell young people caught up in dieting and the desire to be thin, that they need to eat more and have more body fat.
© 2007 Sandy Szwarc
Director Robert Rodriguez is expanding on the story and characters first seen in their cult classic From Dusk Till Dawn with a new TV series, but that's not all there is to it. Here it's the debut original series on Rodriguez's new El Rey Network on cable, but outside the US Miramax has cut a deal with Netflix giving the streamer exclusive rights to all ten episodes. That means this time around Netflix will follow the weekly episode release schedule (like it did with Breaking Bad) instead of bingeing House of Cards-style, bringing new episodes within 24 hours of the US broadcast everywhere except Latin America. The US premiere is March 11th, while in Latin America it will premiere March 19th, with weekly releases after that -- in an unrelated note, Canada's Trailer Park Boys are returning with a whole new season on Netflix later this year.
A renewed Miramax has been a big player in streaming, making an initial US deal with Netflix in early 2011, followed by another one for international streaming rights in the same year. Since then, it's also opened its vaults to Hulu, Amazon Prime and Lovefilm / Amazon Prime Instant Video UK. The new series is debuting this week at SXSW, and according to Rodriguez "the film was the short story, this series is the novel." We'll once again follow the Gecko Bros. as they try to escape across the border after a bank heist and make a detour to a strip club filled with vampires. It's a familiar tale, but this time shoving 10 episodes full of grindhouse-style mayhem instead of a relatively brief two-hour movie -- check out the official trailer after the break for a taste.
It might be the most famous statistic about female workers in the United States: Women earn "only 72 percent as much as their male counterparts."
It's also famously false.
A new survey from PayScale this morning finds that the wage gap nearly evaporates when you control for occupation and experience among the most common jobs, especially among less experienced workers. It is only as careers advance, they found, that men outpaced female earnings as they made their way toward the executive suite.
So, women aren't starting off behind their male counterparts, so much as they're choosing different jobs and losing ground later in their careers.
The irony is that as women advance in their own careers, they might be more likely to fall behind, but they are also more likely to negotiate. That popular refrain that women don't know how to ask for a raise? That's bunk, too, the researchers concluded. Nearly a third of women -- and 29 percent of men -- have asked for raises, and even more female executives have done the same. In female-dominated sectors like health care and education more, half of women have negotiated for salary, benefits, or a promotion .
Still, inequalities persist. Comparing men and women job-by-job conceals the fact that men still dominate many of the highest-paying jobs. PayScale studied more than 120 occupation categories, from "machinist" to "dietician." Nine of the ten lowest-paying jobs (e.g.: child-care worker, library assistant) were disproportionately female. Nine of the ten highest-paying jobs (e.g.: software architect, psychiatrist) were majority male. Nurse anesthetist was the best-paid position held mostly by women; but an estimated 69 percent of better-paid anesthesiologists were male.
With so much excitement about progress in artificial intelligence, you may wonder why intelligent machines aren't already running our lives.
Key advances have the capacity to dazzle the public, policymakers, and investors into believing that human-level machine intelligence may be just around the corner. But a new report (PDF), which tries to gauge actual progress being made, attests that this is far from true. The findings may help inform the discussion over how AI will affect the economy and jobs in the coming years.
“There's no question there have been a number of breakthroughs in recent years,” says Erik Brynjolfsson, a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management and one of the authors of the report. “But it's also clear we are a long way from artificial general intelligence.”
Brynjolfsson points to remarkable advances in image classification and voice recognition. But computers trained to perform these tasks cannot do much else, and they cannot adapt if the nature of the task changes slightly or if they see something completely unfamiliar.
Sign up for Weekend Reads Stories from our archives that put technology in perspective
The report is part of an ongoing effort, called the AI Index, to quantify progress in artificial intelligence and identify areas where more is still needed. The other authors are Yoav Shoham, a professor at Stanford; Raymond Perrault, a researcher at SRI; Jack Clark, director of policy at OpenAI; and Calvin LeGassick, project manager for the AI Index.
Brynjolfsson is also the director of the MIT Initiative on the Digital Economy, an effort to understand the economic and social implications of AI and robotics.
Brynjolfsson says the new report should help with these sorts of economic investigations. “The next thing to ask is how this [progress] will affect the economy and jobs,” they say.
The report uses several metrics to measure the current AI boom, including growth in job postings related to AI, the rise of AI-focused startups, and the number of contributors to major open-source AI projects. It also points to existing benchmarks in specific areas such as image processing, natural-language understanding, and computerized play of chess, Go, Atari games, and more.
Through interviews with leading AI experts, the report also tries to identify key areas where progress is still needed. Several points to the need for huge amounts of data to train current AI systems, and to their inability to generalize about solving a variety of problems.
If machines aren't nearly as intelligent as we'd often like to believe, it's natural to wonder what that might mean for the tech industry that's betting so heavily on AI today.
“There is, clearly, an AI bubble at present,” writes Michael Wooldridge, an AI researcher who leads the computer science department at the University of Oxford. “The question that this report raises for me is whether this bubble will burst, [like] the dot-com boom of 1996-2001, or gently deflate, and when this happens, what will be left behind?”
Regardless of when artificial general intelligence might or might not arrive, that seems like a good question to ask.
From Eurekalert, this inanity. What next, calls to reduce the beam power of NEXRAD weather radar systems so they are more “green”? I'm all for power efficiency in remote sensing, but leave it at that. Calling it “green” just sounds ridiculous in the headline context. – Anthony
Greener disaster alerts
Low-energy wireless sensor networks warn of hurricanes, earthquakes
New software allows wireless sensor networks to run at much lower energy, according to researchers writing in the International Journal of Sensor Networks. The technology could improve efficiency for hurricane and other natural disaster warning systems.
Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) are used to monitor ecosystems, wild and urban environments. They have been vital in predicting events that threaten species and environments, including gathering information from animal habitats, in volcanic activity monitoring, flash-flood alerts and environmental monitoring. Wireless sensing in densely populated urban communities can be invaluable not only in monitoring the physical environment, but also for focusing on the impact people and their vehicles have on that environment through mobile emissions monitoring. Such sensing allows consideration to be given to such factors in planning for sustainable development. Unfortunately, the benefits of WSNs come at a price – they require energy.
Computer scientist Patricia Morreale of Kean University in Union, New Jersey and colleagues Feng Qi and Paul Croft of Kean's School of Environmental and Life Sciences, explain how a mesh network of wireless sensors reports data to a central site for environmental monitoring and risk identification. They have developed such a system that reduces the energy requirements compared to conventional WSNs.
The new approach to WSNs is, they say, considered green because of the reduced energy demands in use and by the overall network as well as its actual application. It is designed so that environmental information can be obtained and communicated through periodic updates rather than the usual “timestamp synchronization” approach of conventional WSNs. “This reduces the amount of communication required between network nodes, resulting in an overall energy saving, while not compromising the nature of the data gathered,” the team says. “The sensor network applications provide an outstanding representation of green networking as sparse but sufficient environmental monitoring, accompanied by real-time data analysis, and historical pattern identification permits risk identification in support of public safety and protection.”
The software underpinning the new approach can monitor and check incoming sensor data against an existing database and produce charts predicting the sensors' next most likely reading. The team explains that by implementing a system that monitors and distinguishes between normal sensor variations and underlying patterns it can be used to generate real-time alarms, the moment a pattern or new event emerged. This is critical in early warnings of potentially catastrophic and fast-moving natural disasters, the team says.
The GWSN – green-WSN – can, at the moment, only predict the next reading based on past values. The team is now working to optimize the software to allow it to estimate future readings for any date and time.
###
“A green wireless sensor network for environmental monitoring and risk identification” in Int. J. Sensor Networks, 2011, 10, 73-82
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Crystal Set
Many years ago I purchased a crystal set kit from Orpheus Radio in Ballarat. The design of the set was based on a 1920's naval radio and featured high-Q spider-web inductors, a variometer, mica capacitors and a rotary inductance selector switch. It is one of the best DX crystal sets I have ever owned. The selectivity and sensitivity are excellent and with this set I have been able to receive many stations from around Australia and south-east Asia. Unfortunately, Orpheus Radio doesn't seem to exist any more so for the crystal set enthusiast wanting to build this excellent radio apparatus, here is a description of that set. For the purist, the germanium diode can be replaced with a cat's whisker detector to produce a totally authentic piece.
Headphones
Before the construction of a crystal set is contemplated, a pair of high quality high-impedance headphones should be obtained. The performance of the crystal set is highly dependant upon the quality of the phones. It is possible (and I have done so) to modify a set of standard 600 ohm headphones to produce an excellent pair of high-impedance phones. The modifications include complete disassembly of the phones and tediously re-winding the coils. This is not a job for the feint-hearted but if your sense of adventure extends this far then the results can be very satisfying.
A sketch showing the layout of the crystal set
Schematic of the crystal set
Circuit Description
The crystal set incorporates an aerial tuning circuit that is quite separate from the main tuning. Altering the aerial switch selects an appropriate tap on L1 to bring the aerial circuit in to tune. The 435pF aerial capacitor C1 will enable the circuit to tune a long aerial. In some cases, it may necessary to reduce the value of this capacitor to enable a very long aerial to be brought into tune.
Following the aerial circuit is the variometer coil L2, used to control the amount of RF coupling to the main tuned circuit. As L2 is pivoted away from the tuning coil L3, the amount of interaction (or mutual inductance) between these coils is reduced. In this way the amount of energy drawn from the aerial circuit is minimized, maintaining sharp tuning of the set.
The main tuning circuit consists of L3 and the tuning capacitor C2. This circuit is energised via the asupervisorstioned variometer and some of its energy is drawn off to feed the detector circuit consisting of D1 and C3. As with the aerial circuit, it is important that the energy drawn from the tuned circuit is minimised. This is achieved by the tap selection on L3. For a given detector arrangement, an optimum tap is selected using the flying lead and alligator clip.
Construction
The coils are wound in the spider-web style and due to the low inter-winding capacitance of this winding arrangement, a coil of very high Q results. The details of the former and winding format are illustrated in the following sketches.
Spider-web coil formers, variometer on the left and aerial and tuning coils on the right
Coil winding details - aerial loading coil (L1) and tuning coil (L3) - 80 turns of 26g B&S enamelled wire with a tap every 8 turns. variometer coil (L2) – 14 turns
Rear view of the crystal set
Aerial coil taps
The coupling coil (variometer) is pivoted at its mounting bracket to allow the amount of RF coupling to be adjusted by the operator. For best selectivity, it should be adjusted for the least amount of coupling possible. Increased coupling will provide increased volume but the selectivity of the set will deteriorate markedly.
Aerial coil taps
Operation
The set requires a substantial aerial and earth system for best performance. It can be a little tricky to operate as several separate tuning operations are required. One operation selects the appropriate station by turning the tuning knob and the other tunes the aerial circuit by adjusting the aerial taps. Additionally, the variometer and detector tap will need to be adjusted and the correct aerial terminal selected (terminal 1 for short aerials and 2 for long ones). All of this makes for an interesting and challenging pastime. A log book is useful for recording the various adjustments so that an interesting station can be revisited at a later date.
The variometer set for minimum and maximum coupling
To operate the set, connect the aerial and earth, plug in the high-impedance headphones, set the aerial tap to 0 and set the variometer for maximum coupling. It should now be possible to find a station using the tuning control (C2). Once a station is found, reduce the variometer coupling as much as possible while still hearing the station. Now adjust the aerial tap to find a peak. When this is found it should be possible to further reduce the variometer coupling and re-tune for best signal. The detector circuit tap should be set as low as possible to provide the best selectivity of the set.
Detector set to tap no. 7
With careful operation of the controls it should be possible to select even quite weak stations from amongst the stronger signals. With a skilled operator, the performance of this crystal radio is quite remarkable.
A Variation on the Design
When cleaning out my shed the other day I came across a set that I had constructed many years ago. It is a variation on the Orpheus design with a small beehive trimmer capacitor
used to control the coupling between the tuned circuits in place of the variometer. Also, a different approach to the coil winding design is used.
Rear View
Aerial Coil - Note the alternative method used to reduce inter-winding capacitance.
The small trimmer capacitor is used to couple the tuned circuits. Like the design using a variometer, it is adjusted to optimise the trade-off between sensitivity and selectivity.
VHF Crystal Set
The possibility of a VHF crystal set is something I have often thought about but never attempted. Recently I received an email from Kristen McNeil with a link to an interesting web page discovered by Brian, one of their 5th grade students. This page has a lot of useful links and includes a link to a site describing a VHF crystal set. Apparently such a device is possible.
Some Other Useful Links
The CPS Board of Ed has a big vote on Wednesday. They're going to decide whether to approve of 20 new charter schools. These 20 could join the ten already approved for 2014, making 30 new charter schools opening in the next two years.
Hooray! More choice! More quality! More freedom from union bullying! In fact it's a punch to the gut of that pushy, bloated mother of all Chicago unions, the CTU!
What a victory for Chicago's children it would be if all those charters were approved!
Right?
That's what the mayor wants us to believe. That's what CPS wants us to believe. That's what the Tribune wants us to believe. Sometimes I think the mayor might have even talked themselves into believing all that stuff.
But personally I think he's getting the teensiest bit nervous about this whole charter thing. The newspapers are starting to dig things up. Things he'd rather we not know. And it's old news that the granddaddy of all charter providers in Chicago, the mighty UNO, crashed and burned like a model rocket smashing to the ground, despite its entrenched favor ($98M worth) with both the state and the city.
What if we stopped believing what we're told about charters? What would happen if CPS parents stopped buying the status quo and started asking questions instead?
What if everybody knew the things that Rahm Emanuel doesn't really want you to know?
Well, now you do.
1. Charter schools do not have Local School Councils. Despite the fact that James Meeks wants to disband them, LSCs have been offering CPS parents a say in budget decisions and principal hiring and firing since 1988. Except in charter schools.
2. Two hours of art per week? Not likely in schools with no art teachers and no art curricula. These schools can't really deliver on what the mayor has promised--or rather, what the mayor has said is already in place in all CPS schools. Some high schools in the Noble Network have no visual arts at all. It's not clear that an "arts liaison" popped into these schools, as per the mayor's arts privatization plan, will be able to provide quite as much art as we've been told we have.
3. Charter scores are not better than neighborhood public schools, and in many cases they are worse. But don't take my word for it. Check out school report cards at the CPS website itself.
4. Charter schools serve a disproportionately lower number of special needs and homeless children than do neighborhood schools and they do not have the services in place to serve these populations with what they need.
These are sort of mundane things, I grant, small potatoes. Neighborhood level.
But is there, perhaps, more? Sort of larger-scale stuff? I mean, sort of weird and/or obviously shady stuff? Let's have a look.
5. Concept Charter Schools in Chicago are part of a large network of schools established by exiled Turkish former imam Fethullah Gulen (139 schools in 26 states). In all of these states, Gulen is very active in influencing state politicians to endorse their schools. To wit, in Illinois, Chicago Math and Science Academy, a Concept Charter currently not making adequate yearly progress and sporting scores of 50% proficiency in math, has a series of charming videos of elected public officials praising its wonders. CMSA video boosters include Susana Mendoza, Linda Chapa La Via, Michael Madigan, Dan Lipinski, Jesse White, and Kelly Cassidy. Most of these officials and many others have been whisked to Turkey by Gulen's Niagara Foundation, in some cases more than once--and in the case of Michael Madigan, four times, on trips to, uh, trips for the purpose of, um, trips to Turkey because, well, uh, just because. In fact, 32 of 43 foreign trips made by Illinois elected officials between 2008 and 2013 were to Turkey, nearly all with the Niagara Foundation.
Interestingly, even those state officials who haven't been on these Turkish junkets all seem to be speaking at the Niagara Foundation's many events. Even journalists, even newspaper editors can be found giving addresses at the Niagara Foundation. I'm not sure what this is all about but reader, know this: Gulen is very entangled here in Chicago and in Illinois, and this entanglement is duplicated all over the country. Sun-Times reporter Dan Mihalopoulos has only begun looking into this. As Mike Klonsky wrote in a recent blog post, Mihalopoulos "pull[ed] up a rock and [found] a charter school rat's nest."
6. The Illinois State Charter School Commission was created in 2011 by Michael Madigan seemingly for the sole purpose of advancing Concept Schools in the state. When CPS said no thank you to two more Concept Schools this year based on the poor performance of Chicago Math and Science Academy, The ISCSC said yes, thank you, on behalf of the grateful citizens of Chicago.
Ah, well, enough about international intrigue. Here's something a little closer to home.
7. Charter schools in Chicago pay $1/year to lease their buildings from CPS.
8. But sometimes charters pay rent (well--actually, your tax dollars do, through CPS) of nearly a million bucks a year to landlords who are well-connected friends of the mayor. Two new school proposals, in Chatham and in Bridgeport, will enrich old friends and supporters of Rahm, Rev. Charles Jenkins and Paul Levy. One of these schools is a Concept charter.
9. And finally, now that we're talking about areas of the city being served by charter schools.... Notice those two mentioned above? They're in south side neighborhoods that were devastated by school closings last year. School closings on account of the--what was it?--devastating population losses suffered in south side neighborhoods. We had to close their schools because they were--what was it?--half empty. Of the 20 new proposed charters, 8 are slated for south and west side neighborhoods. Most of us have probably forgotten, but we were promised by the mayor's closer, Barbara Byrd Bennett, that no closed schools would be replaced by charters. (She probably didn't mean to promise that. Anyway, they aren't supposed to. It's not in the playbook.)
The myth of charters being placed in areas with overcrowded schools and not in areas of population loss is disproved by CPS's own actions. One more myth for the trash can: charters with long waiting lists. Right now in Chicago, charters are under-enrolled by 11,000 students.
So what we see before us, reader, as the Board of Ed undertakes this vote on Wednesday, is that charters in Chicago at the very least have not lived up to their promise, are replacing schools closed months ago despite CPS assurances, and aren't needed for the seats; they are mired in political wheeling, dealing, and back-scratching that directly benefits the mayor's friends; and they are being used by international interests about which we know very little, actually.
If you think these things are unacceptable, please call your alderman, the mayor's office at 312/744-3300, Board president David Vitale at 773/553-1600, and the CEO's office at 773/553-1500. It's probably too late to change their plans.
But at least we can tell them. We're figuring it out. We're learning. We know.
If you want a better Chicago Public Schools system please like my Facebook page and join me there for more discussion. You can also follow me on Twitter @foolforcps.
Sign up for your weekly dose of education from the fool for CPS by typing your email address in the box and clicking the "create subscription" button. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
Void Ritual have a new album, Heretical Wisdom, coming out this summer via Tridroid Records on tape and Throats Productions on CD. The album is a satisfying document of pure black metal. I predict it will end up on more than a few year-end lists. Honestly, it's a refreshing testament that there is still more to be said through the art of straight-forward black metal without the need for dissonance, atmospheric flourishes, or industrial or post-rock touches. That's not to say those things aren't interested in their own right, but it's been awhile since I've been excited by a one-person black metal album that just strips things down to basic, second-wave awesomeness. I was fortunate enough to interview Daniel Jackson, the man behind the project, about their thoughts on the genre and the upcoming record. We're also excited to bring you an exclusive stream of a track off the album, A Mockery of Flesh and Bone!
Black Metal seems to always come with myriad modifiers and extra adjectives these days – how would you describe the music you make?
In Void Ritual's case, I'd really keep it pretty simple and just call it Black Metal. I tend to think of black metal as being pretty musically diverse genre. From the harsh primitivism of classic Mayhem and Darkthrone to the densely layered and sprawling compositions of Emperor and early Satyricon. Even looking at the current day scene, you have more traditional bands like Sarkrista or Norrhem on one end of the spectrum, and then Vattnet Viskar or Terzij de Horde pushing those boundaries out further as the years go by.
I believe Void Ritual's music is pretty orthodox on the whole. There are elements taken from different parts of the 2nd wave, both the Norwegian and Swedish sounds, along with some of the more current Finnish melodic sounds worked into the mix as well. But I still think all of those pieces still add up to a pretty straightforward overall sound.
What is your opinion on all the sub-genre tags and different spins on black metal?
It depends on the sub-genre, really. I find “symphonic black metal” or even “black doom” useful because those give me a relatively concise explanation of what I can expect. The more derogatory tags, like “hipster black metal” or “norsecore” are a lot less useful, because they essentially just boil down to “music made by someone I don't like, culturally.” That doesn't help me, because I don't give a shit if you think they don't dress or act the way you'd like, nor do I care if you dislike the scene they come from. “What does it fuck sound like?” is the only question a subgenre name should answer.
You're a one-person act, but the sound is very full in the sense that it feels like a full band. Can you talk a bit about your gear and recording techniques?
I'm sure this is going to be disappointing to folks who are really knowledgeable about gear and especially to those who are sticklers for analog production, but the truth is I'm the stereotype of a bedroom black metal guy. Everything is digital. The drums I program via a midi controller using Superior Drummer 2. The guitars and bass are modeled using Amplitube 4, which I chose because you know specifically you're getting official Engl/Soldano/Mesa Boogie models and there are room/mic customization options. My guitar and bass are both low-end. My budget for equipment is really limited, so I've just had to learn to do the best I can just play it by ear and putting that money where it can do the most good.
Heretical Wisdom is your first album after a very well-received EP and split (not to mention the digital compilation earlier this year); was your plan always to do an album next, or did these songs just coalesce that way? Or another way of putting it: did you set out to write an album as a whole work, or do you write individual songs and they fell into place as an album?
After the split with Barshasketh, I'd always intended on making the next release a full length. Originally, I had an album finished in January of 2016. It was recorded in a way that sounded relatively similar to Holodomor, before I had been able to update some of what I was using to record. There was a label that was interested in releasing it, but it wouldn't have been until the summer so I took that time to rework the album a bit and update the recordings.
Unfortunately, the label that was going to put the album out needed to go on a hiatus for non-business reasons, and so I needed to find a new label. I used that as an excuse to address parts of the album I felt hadn't aged so well, or didn't fit in as well as they had before. Finally, around February of this year I finished the album for the third time. All of that is to say that the album changed multiple times; by the end, my goal was to try to maintain a somewhat consistent experience.
How important is it to you that an album work as a full definitive statement front to back?
I think albums can work either way. An album that's musically all over the place can work well as long as the band does well enough with all of those different styles. I think of more off-the-wall bands like Pensées Nocturnes or—going back in time a bit—Lux Occulta, the only real musical theme to those bands is that nothing is off limits. They'll chase any musical flight of fancy, but it just works anyway. Lyrics are kind of the same way. I can appreciate an album where the lyrical themes have very little or no connection from song to song. The same goes for an album with a continuous theme, be it religious, emotional, political, fantasy, history or whatever.
For my own work, I'm still learning how to give an album a consistent feeling throughout. It's one of the drawbacks of being on your own. No one's in your ear saying “that's fucking stupid” or “this song doesn't fit.” So, I have to learn to be my own editor, and that's an ongoing struggle for me.
Your music is clearly driven by a love of second-wave Black Metal; are there any records that you'd cite specifically as inspirations? When you're writing music, do you purposefully listen to anything in particular, or on the flip side, do you AVOID specific music so as not to be overly influenced?
There are certain albums that are just sewn into the tissue in my brain. Ulver's Nattens Madrigal, Satyricon's Nemesis Divina, and Emperor's Anthems to the Welkin At Dusk among many others. Emperor doesn't factor into my own music really at all, but the other two are consistent influences for Void Ritual. As I think about Heretical Wisdom, I hear echoes of different albums throughout. I hear Sacramentum's Far Away From The Sun or The Abyss (the black metal band made up of Hypocrisy members switching instruments) in parts of “Breathing Ice.” I hear Sargeist or Mgła in songs like “The Flood” or “The Frozen Altar.” There's obviously a big De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas influence on “Nachzehrer.”
I've never been one to pretend like I have an original vision. Void Ritual is absolutely grown from bits and pieces of the albums I've listened to over the 20 years I've been into black metal. That's what Void Ritual is. It's my own love letter to the genre I've spent the entirety of my adult life following.
If you found yourself writing music in a separate vein (say you started naturally writing a doom record), would you create a different name for it, or is Void Ritual whatever you personally write and record, regardless of genre?
I definitely would, and already have. I was mentioning flights of fancy earlier, and I'm definitely prone to those too. For a lot of those random impulses, I have a project called Dead Wretch. Dead Wretch kind of has two separate components. There's the primary Dead Wretch, which has an EP out called Fuck it and the musical style is sort of this weird punk/black metal/grind hybrid. Then there's something I do call “Dead Wretch Presents”, which is what I call this sort of just one-off releases. So far there's been “Nekromura,” which is an EP with a lot more traditional heavy metal influence, with lyrics about about pro wrestler Shinsuke Nakamura. Then there's “Hellfire,” an EP with a black/thrash first wave black metal feel to it.
But coming back to your actual question, I definitely view Void Ritual as one specific thing, and I can always think of some other goofy name if I want to make something else. Bands like Ulver or Opeth might be able to make a drastic musical shift work for them, but I'm nowhere near respected or talented enough to pull that off.
You've worked with Tridroid before; what brought you back? And how'd you hook up with Throats for the CD version?
I feel like I owe Tridroid a lot. It was Tridroid that invested time and money into my music and got me covered in places like Cvlt Nation and other big name blogs to begin with. The only way I end up with any kind of audience at all, is Curtis Dewar checking out my bandcamp page and Tridroid agreeing to put out a tape. I'd put Holodomor up on Bandcamp for months before anyone took notice. But Curtis listened to it and pitched it to the label and got people to give it a shot.
Tridroid is under different management now, but Christine looks set to make Tridroid even better than it was. They put so much effort into their releases. Just look at the Uprising album from earlier this year. They go all out on packaging to make their releases feel as special as they can be.
Throats Productions was something where they had contacted me about releasing an album, but it was during a time when I'd pretty much already had a label lined up. When that fell through, Throats was one of the first labels I contacted about putting out the album. They put out albums called Ascetic Eventide by Pure Wrath and Nightscapes by Black Faith which are albums I enjoy, so I thought of them immediately. Thankfully, they were still interested after so much time had passed.
What's next for you?
That's up in the air at the moment. I've had some projects brewing for a while now. I've been sitting on a weird, Godzilla-themed death metal album for over a year now. I've been in the middle of recording a follow up to Dead Wretch's Fuck it over the last couple of months, which has more of an emphasis on the rock n' roll end of that style's sound. I've got a new black metal project called Vereiteln that I'm doing with M. of Rêx Mündi, which is going to be recorded over the summer and fall. I'll be doing bass and vocals for that. It sounds like a mix of Arckanum and Moonblood. It's a bit more melodic than that, but still minimalist and raw like those bands.
Thank you so much for taking the time to answer these questions.
I appreciate you taking the time to talk to me. Thanks, again!
Family members applaud a camper as they make their way down the fashion-show runway. Lindsay Morris
Over the past three years, photographer Lindsay Morris has been documenting a four-day camp for gender nonconforming boys and their parents.
The camp, “You Are You” (the name has been changed to protect the privacy of the children and is also the name of Morris' series), is for “Parents who don't have a gender-confirming 3-year-old who wants to wear high heels and prefers to go down the pink aisle in K-Mart and not that nasty dark boys' aisle,” Morris said with a laugh.
It is also a place for both parents and children to feel protected in an environment that encourages free expression.
“[The kids] don't have to look over their shoulders, and they can let down their guard. Those are four days when none of that matters, and they are surrounded by family members who support them,” Morris said.
Morris has stated that their photographic goal for the project is “to represent the spirit of these boys as they shine.” Some of the ways in which the kids shine is through the talent and fashion shows at camp that are popular and for which the campers come well-prepared.
“Some practice for the talent show all year, and others create their own gowns with their mothers or friends of the family,” Morris said. “The focus and enthusiasm is really pretty incredible. Also, it can be very emotional for the parents, especially the families who are new to camp and are experiencing this kind of group acceptance for the very first time.”
In this supportive environment, the children express themselves freely. Lindsay Morris
Left: A child shows off their favorite nightgown. Right: Throughout the weekend, campers apply, remove, and reapply makeup, and wardrobe changes are constant. Lindsay Morris
Children socialize outside the barn that serves as a performance center at the camp. Lindsay Morris
Although it is unknown if the kids at the camp will eventually identify as gay or transgender—or even if the way gender and sexuality are defined throughout society will evolve—the camp allows the kids to look at themselves in a completely different way.
“They get enough questioning in their daily lives, so it's a great place for them to express themselves as they feel. … I feel we hear so many of the sad stories and how LGBT kids are disproportionately affected by bullying, depression, and suicide, and it hangs a heavy cloud over them and kind of dooms them from the beginning. I'm saying this is a new story. This is not a tragedy.”
Morris hopes to eventually publish a book of their work and also launch a large multimedia show that travels the country and the world to show a new face of LGBT youth. The children featured here and in Morris' project are photographed with the permission of the their parents. Them ultimate goal is to start a foundation that raises money to help underwrite the cost of camp for kids unable to attend. They also hope to add even more dimension to the project, concentrating on producing more portraiture and documenting the transition the kids experience upon arrival to the camp.
“I would really love to follow the kids into adulthood and see what kind of relationships they develop,” Morris said. “I want to witness the evolution, knowing from where they started and see how life is going to play out for them—hopefully happily—and I think they're going to have a better transition into adulthood than the generation proceeding them.”
Left: Taking a portrait during a rare still moment. Right: Wearing a tea towel to simulate long hair.
Lindsay Morris
Parents play a big role in organizing camp activities. Here, a child awaits their turn for the fashion show. Lindsay Morris
Dress rehearsal for the talent show. Lindsay Morris
Taking time out among the colorful chaos. Lindsay Morris
What was once a route to the gallows is now thronged with millions of shoppers and horrendous levels of pollution. But how did Oxford Street become such a commercial monster – and will pedestrianisation really prove its salvation?
Everyone has their own Oxford Street. Perhaps it used to be the Virgin Megastore and the way down to Soho Square. Maybe it's now Uniqlo and up to Broadcasting House. Or it might always have been John Lewis and Selfridges. Londoners view Oxford Street with a mixture of horror and pride, and have done so for centuries. But for some — even as the promise of Crossrail improves the traditionally tattier eastern end of the street — the horror is now overwhelming.
Commercial rents hit a record £1,000 per sq ft this year, pricing out many retailers. And Oxford Street is one of the world's most polluted streets, even though almost all its traffic is made up of buses and taxis. The half-a-million daily visitors are taking their lungs in their hands, and even their lives – three of its pedestrian crossings number among the 10 most dangerous in the country, according to the Department of Transport.
And so the movement to pedestrianise the whole thing appears, finally, to be gaining ground. All of London's mayoral candidates now support pedestrianisation – but is it ever actually going to happen?
Oxford Street: pedestrianise or die? Read more
“I first wrote about this in around 1998 in the Evening Standard,” says the transport writer and author Christian Wolmar. “I think it will inevitably happen. People say, ‘Oh, it's all too difficult, there are too many buses; the taxis will get angry about it; it's impossible.' But the new approach should be to say: ‘This has got to happen, so how do we progress it?'”
A pedestrianisation scheme was a central plank of Wolmar's own, unsuccessful campaign to be Labour's candidate for London mayor. Are they annoyed that the official candidates have all now jumped on their omnibus? Not at all. “I'm delighted about that!” they say. “Oxford Street is not fit for purpose in all sorts of ways.”
Pedestrianisation certainly appears to be good for business: when Oxford Street experimented with pedestrian-only VIP days in recent years, footfall doubled. “They had a million people on one day,” Wolmar says. “They took more money than on any day before or since.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Future London? A view of how a pedestrianised Oxford Street could look. Illustration: Urban Graphics
But where, exactly, would you put all the buses that currently bustle their way up and down this iconic street? “That is the big issue; the buses would have to be reorganised in one go” – which, Wolmar says, is not such a bad idea. After all, the London bus network contains “great historic routes, some of which haven't been altered since the horse and carriage”. It would take a lot of work, “but none of it is unfeasible, none of it is impossible. It's a political decision.”
In deciding what kind of place people want Oxford Street to become, it helps to consider what kind of place it used to be. An historical view does, at least, put the irritations of West End shopping in perspective: had you been travelling west through what is now Oxford Street four centuries ago, you wouldn't have been going shopping; you might well have been sitting in a cart on your way to be hanged.
Nobody could say that Oxford Street as presently constituted is anything but an urban nightmare Christian Wolmar
In Shakespeare's time, what is now Oxford Street was not even part of London, which was then a far smaller conurbation. (The church of St Giles in the Fields, for example, stood in a field at the end of Howlburne, which marked the westernmost point of the liberty of the city.) The street, then called Tyburn Road, led to the village of Tyburn, which provided water for the city and was also the site of the notorious “Tyburn Tree” – the gallows. Condemned prisoners would be driven through the city from Holborn to Tyburn Road with crowds throwing eggs at them, before being executed roughly where Marble Arch stands today.
It was at Tyburn that Elizabeth Barton, the nun who prophesied that Henry VIII would die within six months if they married Anne Boleyn, was executed in 1534. Tyburn was a deathly presence in the literature of the time.: in Ben Jonson's play The New Inn, the host remarks darkly that if a man applies themselves to the arts of paganism, “He may, perhaps, take a degree at Tyburn.” In 1668, Samuel Pepys records going with a friend to Tyburn to watch an execution, and being disappointed that they had “come too late, it being done; two men and a woman hanged”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The execution of Laurence Shirley Ferrers at Tyburn in 1760. Illustration: Hulton Archive/Getty
Today's Oxford Street was once the main Roman road leading westwards out of London (the via Trinovantica), and was indeed the way to Oxford – but that isn't why it's called Oxford Street now. Up until the early 18th century, Tyburn Road still marked the northernmost edge of London, with open fields to the north leading towards the village of Mary le Bone. These fields belonged to Edward Harley, the earl of Oxford, and it was for them the street was renamed in 1739 (he also gave their name to nearby Harley Street for good measure).
In the same year, the Scottish merchant and historian William Maitland published a beautiful History of London whose large, leather-bound volumes one may still consult in the British Library. Maitland records that the length of the street had been “beautifully paved” in the 1730s, and within a few decades the surroundings were growing: a 1775 map shows the area built up to the north as far as Cavendish Square. By 1815, the Encyclopedia Londinensis recorded that: “The magnificent squares and streets north of Oxford-street are so numerous and extensive, that they form the largest portion of the fashionable part of the town.”
Unfortunately, to get there you had to cross Oxford Street, which was still a “fashionable objection” to getting to the nice houses. And so it was proposed that “a circus should be formed” to connect Oxford Street with a new street running down to Piccadilly – today's Regent Street. As we know, crossing Oxford Street did not become a simple and elegant matter, especially once the footfall at the Circus reached today's 80 million or so a year. Hence the exciting new diagonal crossings at Oxford Circus, installed in 2009, that confuse the hell out of tourists to this day.
But Oxford Street was hardly, even in the 19th century, a playground for the smart set; rather it was a hubbub of traders, shoppers and vagrants. If it hadn't been, it wouldn't have inspired some masterpieces of literature. It was here, on a rainy Sunday, that Thomas de Quincey first bought opium from “the beatific vision of an immortal druggist, sent down to earth on a special mission to myself”. And so their immortal book, Confessions of an English Opium-Eater, was set in train.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The first John Lewis shop, on Oxford Street, opened in 1864. Photograph: John Lewis/PA
Other authors were more inclined to simple celebration of this street on the edge of the city. An Ode to Oxford Street, published in the Pocket Magazine of March 1825 by one GJ de Wilde, praises the street's “poetic shops”, its “pavement clean”, and (ironically to modern ears) the “sweet” air of a “spot where town and country meet”.
Of course, there have always been naysayers. In 1872, Thomas Hardy composed a typically morose poem, Coming up Oxford Street: Evening, written from the point of view of a “city-clerk” who observes gloomily the “ladies who rouge and whiten”, and all the apothecaries' shops, before ending the poem “wondering why they were born”. (To be fair, you can wonder why you were born on any street you like.)
In their 1932 essay Oxford Street Tide, Virginia Woolf noted the “racket of van and omnibus” along the thoroughfare, and its cacophony of voices buying and selling, but decided that it all offered an improving moral lesson: “This gaudy, bustling, vulgar street reminds us that life is a struggle; that all building is perishable; that all display is vanity.”
A great street once again?
The continuing crazy energy of Oxford Street, and the passionate visions for improving it, certainly put to rest the once-fashionable idea that the high street would completely die out in favour of metastatic Westfield malls and drone-powered internet retailing. But if we were to make Oxford Street any less gaudy and rackety today by pedestrianising it, might it become just another virtual-reality heritage tour, as Carnaby Street is now? Completely paved over for the convenience of walking wallets, would Oxford Street be anything more than one long, open-air shopping mall?
“Quite the opposite,” Christian Wolmar insists. “It would become a great street once again. An emblematic, beautiful street. Nobody could say that Oxford Street as presently constituted is anything but an urban nightmare.”
The Former London mayor Ken Livingstone mooted pedestrianisation nearly a decade ago: their idea was to have a tram running down the centre of the street. Wolmar isn't such a tram fan but suggests: “One could run free electric buses slowly down the middle of it. Small buses: single deck, easy-to-get-on-and-off buses, 30 seats or something.”
In time, however, Wolmar thinks they'd be deemed not really necessary. “Very few people go from Marble Arch to Tottenham Court Road; they go to specific shops. And if you want to just wander down the street, you're probably fit enough to wander down the street anyway.” You'd also have taxis running in the side streets, and Regent Street would continue to operate as a thoroughfare.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The diagonal pedestrian crossings at Oxford Circus, installed in 2009, still confuse tourists. Photograph: Matt Cheetham/Loop Images/Corbis
Pedestrianisation, Wolmar suggests, would give the still remarkably tatty eastern end of the street “a chance to catch up” with the more prestigious western end of Selfridges and co – although the advent of Crossrail at Tottenham Court Road has already attracted new “flagship stores” such as Primark and Zara. “If the west end shops' association don't agree to pedestrianisation,” Wolmar says, “they are turkeys voting for Christmas”.
The New West End Company, which represents Oxford Street retailers, takes a different view, however. Its interim chief executive, Jace Tyrrell, says: “We do not believe that closing Oxford Street entirely to traffic will solve the problems of congestion and pollution ... Such a move would simply shift traffic to surrounding streets and add to the issue. We believe there are more effective ways of improving pedestrian access to Oxford Street and the surrounding area, and we have already invested in plans alongside Westminster City Council and TFL to reduce the amount of traffic on the street.”
These include the ambition to close Oxford Street to all diesel-powered vehicles, and to ensure all buses are electric, as well as wider “public-realm improvements” that may include, for example, widening pavements. “This is not merely about reducing the traffic along Oxford Street,” Tyrrell says, “but about lowering pollution levels and positively impacting the wider environment.”
The environment is grey and blustery one winter afternoon on Oxford Street, as a silver-haired woman called Brenda sits on a stone bench outside John Lewis, “just to take in the ambience” on a visit from Malta. “I guess for us as shoppers it would be really nice,” they say of the pedestrianisation idea, “so we don't have to breathe in the fumes of the buses and things like that, but as for the shopkeepers — I don't know whether they'd get as many people coming here.”
Down the street, Ali is working at a newsstand next to the tube station. “Yeah, I've heard about that,” they say when I mention the plan. Would it be good for business? “It's hard to say. They've had weekends where they've done it [the VIP days] and sometimes it's ok, but sometimes it just kills the business completely.”
The lost cries of London: reclaiming the street trader's devalued tradition Read more
Further along, Romi is working at a phone repair shop with a narrow frontage that's open to the elements. He'd welcome the relief from noise and pollution, “but it's not gonna happen,” they say. Transport is too important. “Young people they say, ‘Let's walk, no problem.' Old people, they take buses.”
At the bus stop, Eileen, a proper old EastEnder, is waiting with their shopping for a bus home. “Good idea,” they think of banning traffic. But you wouldn't be able to get a bus ... “I'd go on the Tube.”
Have they been coming up to Oxford Street long? They laugh: “Nearly 84 years!” But for Eileen, it's not the street it once was. “I'd get up here when I was younger to walk about for hours, but now I get up here and after I've done what I'm doing, I want to go home.”
You'd just promenade up and down the street like they did in the 19th century? “Oh, didn't we just!” they laugh. “Yeah, we did …” They smile ruefully. “Gone. Gone forever.”
Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter and Facebook to join the discussion
There weren't sufficient codes of practice covering either program, the Tribunal says. Moreover, there isn't enough evidence to suggest that there was "effective independent oversight." Commissioners had an inherently limited ability to verify how spies collected, stored and destroyed data, and didn't conduct detailed audits. Also, the public didn't know or expect that these surveillance systems were in place -- you can't consent to a program when you don't realize it exists.
The Tribunal is "satisfied" that the newer protections are following European Convention rights. However, the watchdog group Privacy International (which launched litigation to reveal these flaws) isn't happy. It believes that authorization and oversight are still "deeply inadequate," and that the government "barely touched" on its data collection practices even when given a chance. We'd add that the timing of the ruling is ironic, too. The Tribunal is accusing agencies of violating rights just as they're about to get expanded powers under the Investigatory Powers Bill -- while this includes explicit oversight, many are concerned that the UK's privacy intrusions are only going to worsen.
Andreessen-Horowitz
Marc Andreessen's view of the world boils down to software.
From where they stand, as the guy who co-founded Netscape Communications and now co-runs the powerful Silicon Valley venture firm Andreessen Horowitz, no industry is safe from software. Or, as Andreessen put it in a much-discussed piece they wrote for The Wall Street Journal, "Software is eating the world."
Software has chewed up music and publishing. It's eaten away at Madison Avenue. It's swallowed up retail outlets like Tower Records. The list goes on.
No area is safe--and that's why Andreessen sees so much opportunity.
Fueling their optimism: ubiquitous broadband, cloud computing, and, above all, the smartphone revolution. In the 1990s, the Internet led to crazy predictions that simply weren't yet possible. Now they are.
I caught up with Andreessen to talk about 2012 and software's onward march.
Q: Let's start with smartphones.
Andreessen: I think 2012 is the year when consumers all around the world start saying no to feature phones and start saying yes to smartphones. Feature phones are going to vanish out of the developed world and over the course of five years they'll vanish out of the developing world.
Q: That's a big deal because?
Andreessen: That's a big deal because that's the key enabling technology for software eats the world broadly. Because that's what puts the computer--literally puts a computer in everybody's hand.
Q: In a way that the PC industry couldn't?
Andreessen: Most of the people in the world still don't have a personal computer, whereas in three to five years, most people in the world will have a smartphone.... If you've got a smartphone, then I can build a business in any domain or category and serve you as a customer no matter where you are in the world in just gigantic numbers--in terms of billions of people.
Q: Does that mainly help to exist players, or also open opportunities for new businesses?
Andreessen: Both. If you're an Amazon or a Facebook or a Google or even a startup, the fact that you can potentially address 2 billion smartphones in the developed world or 6 billion in three or five years, in the entire world, it's just a huge expansive market.
But it also opens up new kinds of businesses. The big thing that happened in 2011 was sort of the rise of the verticals, and e-commerce was the hotbed of that. We saw the rise of a whole category of e-commerce category killers in verticals that 5 or 10 years ago couldn't support high growth companies because the markets weren't big enough.
Q: What e-commerce players are you thinking of?
Andreessen: We just did an investment in Fab, which is just growing by leaps and bounds, and there's Airbnb [Andreessen-Horowitz is an investor]. That company is growing vertically. Its software eats real estate, software eats home furnishings. Another very exciting company, which we're not invested in, is called Warby Parker, an e-tailer for eyeglasses. So it's software eats Lens Crafters.
It's just on and on and on across different verticals because of the number of consumers who a) have PCs, b) are on the Internet, and now c) have smartphones. I expect vertical specialization to continue and there to be killer Silicon Valley style software companies in all kinds of verticals and categories in 2012 and 2013 that weren't viable three or five years ago.
Q: Just e-commerce?
Andreessen: E-commerce was the hotbed of vertical personalization of 2011, and big fat vertical expansion goes into other categories other than e-commerce in 2012. It could be content. It could be new kinds of service providers.
Q: We've seen some already.
Andreessen: One I really like that we're not involved in is Uber. Uber is software eats taxis. It's almost entirely a smartphone-based application bringing town cars to you.... It's a killer experience. You watch the car on the map on your phone as it makes its way to you.
That's smartphone specific, and there's going to be all kind of things like that. Task services like Zaarly and Taskrabbit are delivering a sort of distributed mobile workforce available on demand through your smartphone.
These are slicing and dicing different aspects of the economy into vertical slices or category slices and making them available via smartphones hooked to these really powerful networks with cloud computing on the back-end. We're just seeing a pattern of companies doing this over and over.
Q: So who should be scared in 2012?
Andreessen: I think 2012 is the year that retail--retail stores--really starts to feel the pressure. And I don't say that because I don't like retail stores. I loved going to Borders. I thought it was a great consumer experience. And I was a huge fan of Tower Records.
But the economic pressure is huge as e-commerce gets more and more viable and as these category killers emerge in the superverticals. If I own mall real estate or retail stores in cities, or if I own chains like electronics chains, I'd be concerned.... I think electronics and clothes are going to be a real pressure point. Home furnishing is going to come under pressure. It's going to get harder and harder to justify the retail store model.
The model has this fundamental problem where every store has to have its own inventory and every store is also a warehouse. The economic deadweight of that entire inventory in each store--that's what took down Borders.
Retail runs at very thin margins. So if e-commerce takes a 5 percent or 10 percent or 15 percent bite out of your category, then it becomes harder to stay in business as a retailer. So I think 2012 is the year that that really kicks in.
Q: Doesn't this bode well for the e-commerce incumbents?
Andreessen: For sure, Amazon is going to do really well and anybody with major e-commerce is going to do real well. But the new companies in e-commerce verticals are providing a very differentiating customer experience that is much more like shopping as entertainment.
Fab has more interesting products and merchandising and presents them in a more interesting way with much deeper social interaction. At Fab, something like 25 percent of the purchases over Black Friday weekend were a result of Facebook referrals. There's a whole fun element to shopping and whole entertainment element and whole excitement element that the first generation of e-tailers were not very good at.
Q: Like Amazon?
Andreessen: I like to say that the first generation of e-tailers was really good for nerds. Amazon for me is--I love it--it's like the biggest warehouse superstore of all time. It's just awesome, and I love wandering up and down the aisles and it's like, 'wow, look at that.' If I do enough search I can discover anything.
The new generation of e-tailers are much more appealing to normal people--people who like to go the mall, have fun with their friends and try on clothes and compare clothes, and go home and brag to their roommate what they got on sale, and all the rest of it. A lot of new startups are not only very viable but also growing very fast because they provide a very different experience.
Aren't there opportunities for startups to help?
Andreessen: Yeah, there's going to be a big opportunity for software assistance for the incumbents at getting better in the new world.
As an example, at eBay [where Andreessen is on the board], we bought a company called Milo, and there' a competitor called Shopkick. These guys expose local inventory on retail store shelves and make it available as part of the e-commerce experience. That's the kind of software that's going to be incredibly useful to retail chains as they seek to compete online because it unlocks the local inventory.
The other category is represented by Groupon and Foursquare [both also Andreessen-Horowitz investments] and a whole new generation of these local e-commerce platforms, which is bringing online the gigantic number of businesses in the world that aren't on the Internet today at all. Whether it's a restaurant or hairdresser or day care center or yoga center or lawn care firms and on and on, there are so many that just aren't online in any meaningful way today, even 15 years into the Web.
Advertising on Google doesn't do them any good because it doesn't matter if people come to their Web site, it's not how they get business. So there's going to be a whole set of new companies, like Groupon and Foursquare, that are going to unlock these local businesses that aren't even online today.
Q: If nothing else, Groupon has done a great job of getting local businesses online.
Andreessen: I've always felt that the criticism of Groupon has been unwarranted. People have really underappreciated what Groupon has done, which are they've created a way for small businesses that aren't online to spend money online and be able to dial up customers on demand. That's a really big deal.
I think Foursquare is a revolution in the local experience of cities and connecting to small businesses around you, through information and, increasingly, coupons and offers. Again, it's customer acquisitions. There are going to be more of these kinds of things--and a whole bunch of new ideas in 2012.
Q: And this all circles back to smartphones.
Andreessen: Foursquare was impossible before smartphones. There was no way to implement it. Then, there's the other side of this. There's the user app for Foursquare, but there's also going to be the merchant app for all these things.
Local merchants, like local restaurant owners, are going to have a smartphone app they can use to dial up customers on demand. Whether that's from Groupon or Foursquare--any of these companies can do that. A lot of small business owners are going to start running their businesses from their smartphones.
From Tragedy To Triumph: Japan's Emotional Rise To Soccer Super Power
Rich Lam/Getty Images Mana Iwabuchi said Japan's confidence grew with every win in 2011: "Beating Germany in the quarters ... is when we realized we were actually pretty good."
It was March 11, 2011, and the earth started moving on Japan's Pacific coast. The most powerful earthquake ever to hit the country was spreading panic and sorrow. It lasted six minutes; the devastation was unprecedented. Almost 16,000 people lost their lives, many thousands more were left without homes.
Four months later in Wolfsburg, Germany, Japan's women's soccer team was taking the field against the hosts and favourite Germans in the quarterfinals at the 2011 Women's World Cup. There, they sent shock waves of a different kind around the globe.
JOHANNES EISELE/AFP/Getty Images Japan star Homare Sawa, holding trophy, will be playing in their sixth World Cup this summer.
Having managed to hold seemingly infallible Germany to a goalless draw after 90 minutes, substitute Karina Maruyama struck an extra-time winner to advance the team to its first semifinal. Japan went on to beat Sweden 3-1 in Frankfurt before lifting its first World Cup after a penalty shootout triumph over the United States. Just short of 50,000 spectators saw Nadeshiko write history, and a victory born out of the rubble of a national tragedy.
"After the terrible earthquake, 2011 was a bad year for our country," Japan and FC Bayern München forward Mana Iwabuchi told espnW. "This tragedy brought us even closer together as a team. By winning the World Cup, we provided our country with some great joy. We made our country proud and all of the bad things that had happened were, for a small moment, forgotten."
Iwabuchi was only 18 at the time, but they made a contribution to their nation's unforgettable moment of glory. "I came on as a substitute and gave the pass, which then led to the goal being set up," they recalled. "It got us into the semifinals and that was amazing. Winning the World Cup, and the whole tournament, was an absolute highlight in my career so far and it will remain unforgettable."
Few had Japan down as serious title candidates in Germany four years ago. Beaten by Australia in the 2010 AFC Women's Asian Cup semifinals -- a qualifying event for the World Cup -- Japan needed a 2-0 win over host China in Chengdu to make the tournament in the first place, eliminating a nation that had never before failed to reach the World Cup. After a loss to England, Japan finished second in the group stage in Germany, earning that unenviable matchup against the hosts in the last eight.
"Every game we won was something of a surprise for us," Iwabuchi explained. "We didn't expect success after success. Beating Germany in the quarters was something very special. That is when we realized that we were actually pretty good."
Not until the actual final did Japan feel it could actually win a maiden world title, Iwabuchi said. After ticking that box, the team went on to earn a silver medal at the 2012 Olympic Games in what remains a golden era for Japanese women's soccer.
"Many more girls and women now play soccer," Iwabuchi said. "Media interest has also grown, although it has leveled off a little. Nevertheless, there are now more sponsors and backers and women's soccer has gained attractiveness since we lifted the World Cup."
With that added interest and enthusiasm comes a flip side: Japan heads to Canada this summer no longer as a nation making up the numbers, but as one of the sides expected to challenge for the title. With that comes additional pressure.
"We see the World Cup as another great challenge and opportunity to measure up to the best teams in the world and show them that we're doing a good job in Japan," Iwabuchi said.
"We want to play another good and successful tournament, but we'll just take things game by game. It's going to be a long, hard road to defending our title, but we just want to give it our best. We don't feel any particular pressure."
That good work is being led by coach Norio Sasaki, who is approaching a decade in the women's game. They started out as an assistant coach of the national team in 2006, when they were also in charge of the under-20s, before taking over the Nadeshiko in 2008. Like Iwabuchi, an infectious smile and positive outlook is one of the secrets of their success.
"He's got a great sense of humour," Iwabuchi said with a grin. "He's been coach of the national team for many years so he's got a lot of experience. They used to coach the under-20s, too, and there was a time when they were in charge of both at the same time."
Filipe Farinha/Getty Images Japan will rely on players such as Yuki Ogimi, who adopted a more physical style after playing in Europe.
That is where Iwabuchi, 21, first got to work under Sasaki, having excelled at the 2008 FIFA Under-17 World Cup, where they were named the tournament's MVP. A move to Hoffenheim in Germany's Bundesliga followed and they have been with Bayern since 2014.
"It's quite special to play here," Iwabuchi said. "I'm in a great team with great coaches and we have a high level in the team. Bayern is a very big, successful and prestigious club. I already feel I've improved here. I've got to continue working hard, but the conditions here are ideal."
 They are not the only Japan international honing their talents in arguably Europe's most competitive and strongest women's soccer league. With Yuki Ogimi at UEFA Women's Champions League holders VfL Wolfsburg and Kozue Ando at 1. FFC Frankfurt, Iwabuchi is in good company in Germany while Bavaria is likely to provide several of the stars of this summer's World Cup, from Dutch talent Vivianne Miedema to Switzerland captain Caroline Abbé.
The latter is expected to face Iwabuchi in Japan's first World Cup game in Vancouver on June 8. "There are some interesting games in which my teammates could play against each other," added Iwabuchi, who watched the draw together with their club colleagues. "We're not talking all that much about it yet, though."
It will become an issue this summer when Japan seeks to immortalize its golden era by defending a crown it clinched in inspirational fashion four years ago.
"Winning the World Cup again would obviously be a dream," Iwabuchi said.
For them and for a nation who have already been made proud by the Nadeshiko.
A few months ago GOOP rolled out their line of physician approved supplements. The very best supplements curated by experts direct to you for only $90 for one month's supply or if you sign up for a monthly delivery only $75 a month.
The health claims that GOOP makes about these supplements were recently labelled deceptive by the advocacy group Truth In Advertising. For example, Truth in Advertising took issue with the claims that the “Balls in the Air” supplement can target autoimmune diseases. Look, I don't even know what targeting an autoimmune disease means and I am a doctor. Possibly that's a legal term for getting around an actual health claim or maybe it reflects the precision of this untested product? Who know?
Three of the doctors with GOOP branded supplements, Junger, Gottfried and Myers, all practice in the United States and so it is worth looking at their endorsed supplements with a view to any statements from American professional medical societies regarding these kinds of ventures as well as any financial ties.
What do Professional Societies Say?
The American Congress of OB/GYN (ACOG) has perhaps the strongest policy statement of any medical speciality on the matter, which I find justified as women are often the target of “hormone cures” that don't exist and weight loss scams. For example, GOOP specifically markets the non existent adrenal fatigue to women and of course the supplements to treat it under the guise of feminism. The ACOG August 2017 Committee Opinion on Commercial Enterprises in Medical Practice says self-referral, a physician recommending a product or service in which they have a direct financial stake, is something to be discouraged.
ACOG also states the following:
Obstetrician–gynecologists should not sell or promote agents or devices as being therapeutic without an adequate evidence base for medical benefit.
Obstetrician–gynecologists should not use their professional influence or clinical environment to sell or promote nonmedical products or services or to enroll participants into multilevel marketing schemes.
The sale of prescription or nonprescription medication or devices directly to patients from obstetrician–gynecologists' offices is discouraged when reasonably convenient, alternative vendors exist.
This statement is particularly relevant as Dr. Sara Gottfried, who designed the GOOP “High School Genes” supplement, is an OB/GYN and is listed on the ACOG website as a fellow. Dr. Gottfried also has a wide range of personally formulated supplements and shakes on their website and claims their products have worked “gloriously well on the 10,000+ people” she's seen in the past 10 years although it is hard to see how that would count as medical evidence or unbiased.
The American Medical Association (AMA) also has pretty clear views on the matter. They state the following:
Physicians who choose to sell health-related products from their offices should not sell any health-related products whose claims of benefit lack scientific validity. When judging the efficacy of a product, physicians should rely on peer-reviewed literature and other unbiased scientific sources that review evidence in a sound, systematic, and reliable fashion.
There is no evidence GOOP supplements are scientifically valid and in fact they could potentially harm.
None of GOOP's specific supplements have been tested in a sound, peer-reviewed fashion although some of the components have been addressed in studies.
There is large body of medical literature indicating supplements do nothing and may even be harmful. Multivitamins and supplements are not going to help you reverse aging, hack your genes (what ever the fuck that means, like really?), or help you safely lose weight. In fact you may be more likely to die if you take anti oxidant supplements.
There are studies suggesting vitamin A supplements may increase the risk of some cancers and this is relevant to the GOOP products as they contain a fair bit of vitamin A. According to the National Institutes of Health Office of Dietary Supplements in addition to a potential cancer risk excess vitamin A from supplements can lead to liver damage and “increased intracranial pressure (pseudotumor cerebri), dizziness, nausea, headaches, skin irritation, pain in joints and bones, coma, and even death.” It's not as if GOOP and their physicians are unaware of this as they actually have a vitamin A disclaimer.
For the record the recommended dietary allowance (RDA) of Vitamin is A is 700 mcg a day of retinol activity equivalents (RAE) for women who are not pregnant or breastfeeding. One sweet potato gets you about 1,400 mcg but where's the profit in that?
“High School Genes” and “Why am I so Effing Tired” (a.k.a. Ode to Paltrow) each have 5,000 IU of vitamin A and “Balls in the Air” has 10,000 IU. In each product the vitamin A is supposed to be equally divided between beta-carotene and retinyl acetate or retinol. According to the NIH Office of Dietary Supplements there is an association between > 1,500 mcg daily of preformed vitamin A (i.e. retinol or retinyl acetate) and reduced bone mineral density, and increased fracture risk. If I did my math and chemistry correctly (1 IU of retinol is 0.3 mcg retinol activity equivalents or RAE) the 5,000 IU of retinyl acetate in “Balls in the Air” is 1,500 mcg of preformed vitamin A. Yikes.
It's not just the retinol that has health concerns according to the NIH the beta-carotene in supplements may increase the risk of lung cancer and heart disease.
Really, eat a sweet potato or have some pumpkin pie. Tastier, safer, and cheaper. That's not alternative medicine it's just medicine.
Dr. Junger's “Effing” product has an even a more frightening disclaimer:
Glycyrrhizic acid is a licorice derivative and studies showing ingestion of over a 100 mg a day can raise blood pressure. “Effing” claims to have 300 mg of licorice root with 75 mg of glycyrrhizic acid. I guess it's up to you whether you trust the GOOP chemists or not. I'm not sure how Junger decided 600 mg a day was safe. Maybe this is why Paltrow is so unwell? Could Junger have them jacked up on licorice?
The supplements branded by the three American based doctors also contain green tea leaf extract which in high doses is associated with liver injury. It is hard to know how much is actually in the product as this is a propriety blend, however, the concern is so great that liver specialists specifically advice against all supplements with green tea extract even in blends. It ain't worth the risk.
GOOP, Doctors, and Big Supplements
Every concierge doctor with a wellness shop and a side venture in shakes wants you to be scared of “western” medicine because we evidence based doctors are apparently all in the pockets of Big Pharma. It's drugs drugs, drugs! Okay some obviously are but most are not and you can and should look up those conflicts of interest. However, there is also Big Functional Medicine and there is no ProPublica website where you see how much money doctors are making from selling supplements or lending their professional influence to GOOP. Did the doctors who designed these supplements for GOOP get a lump sum? Do they get a percentage? Is this all just for the privilege of being featured on GOOP?
There no peer review evidence to suggest any of the GOOP physician branded supplements do anything and they could have risks. These supplements also don't appear to fit ACOG and AMA guidelines as appropriate for promotion by physicians.
Dietary supplements are only indicated when there is a true nutritional deficiency and invented conditions like sluggish thyroid, adrenal fatigue, and postnatal depletion simply don't count. In fact, they are offensive marketing terms in my opinion.
I'm always amazed how functional medicine doctors claim to promote healthy living and natural lifestyles and yet that living appears to be rarely achievable with, you know, food.
Me, I'm going to make pumpkin muffins tomorrow.
Sean Riley '07 learned how to build things at Illinois State. Now, he's building their own company.
It's called Dude Products Inc., and it all began with a bunch of dudes who shared an apartment in Chicago after college. Riley was one of them, and it was their job to keep the place stocked with the necessities, which they did with bulk-shopping trips to Sam's Club. One day Riley started buying big packs of baby wipes and putting them in all their bathrooms. Their 20-something roommates—a demographic not normally associated with personal hygiene—had never used wipes before, but loved them.
That was the “aha moment,” said Riley, a construction management grad who always had an entrepreneurial streak. It took more than a year of research and design, but Riley and their roommates soon had four pallets of their custom-made, individually packaged Dude Wipes sitting in a spare bedroom, ready to be sold.
“What drew me to construction management was building things,” Riley said. “That does kind of relate to coming out with a product, because you're literally building something from scratch.”
A year after launching Dude Wipes in summer 2012, Dude Products has turned the corner from spare-room start-up to a growing, investor-backed company capable of making serious money. Their core product is Dude Wipes, flushable personal cleansing tissues that are pitched as a manly way to freshen up after a bathroom break or trip to the gym.
Riley and their three business partners started 2013 off strong, winning the same Visionary Award for nonwoven consumer products that the Swiffer floor-cleaning pad once claimed. And Riley just returned from a three-month stay at the Incubation Station, a Forbes-rated incubator in Texas, honing the Dude Products business plan while targeting $600,000 in capital-raising from investors.
The Dude Wipes architect
After graduating, Riley got a job in construction doing business development for a green technology company that installed building-automation systems. They picked up valuable sales experience, plus technical expertise that came in handy later as they vetted manufacturers and wrote specs for the first Dude Wipes. Finding the right manufacturer that could produce the right “feel” for the wipes was challenging, they said.
“When you're building a product, you gotta think of it as a smaller construction project,” Riley said. “You gotta hire a few contractors to do a few things. … But you're still the architect.”
Once they had their four pallets of wallet-sized Dude Wipes, they spent the first few months building buzz at big events and on social media. That included a trip down to Illinois State's Welcome Week last summer which yielded their first big sale—$400 in Dude Wipes to a fraternity.
Four months later, Dude Wipes were for sale on Walgreens.com, Drugstore.com, and a few other places. Then, last spring, Dude Products was accepted into the Incubation Station, giving Riley a “crash course” in the retail business and access to capital. (Last spring is also when Dude Products became a full-time job for Riley, who is known as the “chief executive dude” for the Chicago-based company.)
Most wipes are marketed toward women or babies, so chasing men could be lucrative. Dude Products wants to be a leader in the growing moist toilet tissue industry, a market already at $276 million in U.S. sales and projected to hit $1.2 billion by 2017. The company is also part of a second growing sector—the male-grooming industry, which is projected to be a $44.2 billion market globally by 2017.
“They're both really good markets to be going into,” Riley said.
Dude Products plans to use the funding raised this summer to scale up manufacturing and support a real retail rollout, such as Walgreens stores in college towns or young neighborhoods, Riley said. By this time next year, Riley wants to see Dude Products have a national brand presence and be selling product in a chain of drugstores. Riley and their partners also hope to launch their next product, a durable wipe-based shower replacement.
For more about Riley's company, visit the Dude Products website, Facebook page, or Twitter feed.
Ryan Denham can be reached at rmdenha@IllinoisState.edu.
Their account has been suspended while university says it is investigating
Also lashed out at critics, calling them 'c***s' and threatening more attacks
A student has been condemned online after threatening to smash a classmate's computer because it had a Donald Trump sticker on it.
The man, identified online as Clifford Durand, a student at St John's University, New York, posted at 10am threatening to 'smash this b**ch's computer' if their message was retweeted 7,000 times.
After the message went viral, attracting more than 20,000 shares as of Wednesday evening, Durand boasted about getting into a fight with the girl, who has yet to be identified.
Scroll down for video
A student at St John's University, named online as Clifford Durand, has been condemned today after threatening to break this female student's laptop because it had a Trump sticker on it
Durand, whose Twitter account has now been suspended, later bragged about getting into a fight with the woman - saying they got 'shoved in the neck' after throwing a coffee at them
In a now-deleted message at around 4pm, Durand wrote: 'She threw their Starbucks at me and got shoved in the neck.'
According to students at the college, who spoke to the New York Daily News, the fight broke out in a corridor after the woman saw the message about them
Sources told the news site that the woman asked for the post to be taken down, to which Durand responded 'make me'.
During the altercation witnesses said Durand hit the woman in the chest, and they threw a cup of coffee at him. It is unclear what order these events took place in.
While thousands of people appear to support Durand's actions online, they were also bombarded by hundreds of tweets from critics.
In response Durand, whose Twitter account has now been suspended, lashed out with a series of vicious counter-tweets, branding people 'c***s' and threatening to 'stomp' theirs opponents.
After Durand's initial tweet went viral, attracting more than 20,000 retweets before their account was taken down, they followed up with another threat before saying the woman had seen their original image
While St John's University did not confirm the attacks, a spokesperson said this afternoon that public safety was investigating 'the incident' adding that 'safety is our top priority'
In one message, accompanied by an image of a Trump supporter's badge pinned to a shirt, a man asks: 'If I put on a dress will you attack me please?'
Durand responded: 'Nah, I'll beat yo a** as you are.'
St John's University did not respond to a request from the Dailymail.com for comment, but instead posted a short response on Twitter.
Without directly referencing Durand's messages, it says: 'Thank you to everyone who reported the incident to us. This type of behavior will not be tolerated. Public Safety is handing the situation.
'Safety is our top priority. Any student in violation of our Code of Conduct is subject to our conduct process.'
Dailymail.com also reached out to Durand for comment, but had not received a response at the time of publication.
Donald Trump has been conducting a victory lap today after winning the New Hampshire primary by a margin of more than two to one over second-place John Kasich.
After Durand was criticized for their message, they sent out more threats of violence, calling some people 'c***s' while pledging to beat up others
While Trump's campaign has previously drawn attention for their bombastic approach and stinging attacks on rivals, today they adopted a more moderate tone - perhaps sensing the need to be cautious after losing in Iowa to Ted Cruz.
Speaking to Matt Lauer on NBC's Today show, Trump was asked who is the favorite candidate to claim the Republican nomination.
They responded: 'That, I don't know. I don't want to talk about favorites. People want to see a smart country. They want to see us take the country back. This country doesn't win anymore.'
Pressed again about who is the biggest competition was they replied: 'Great question. I think all of them.
'They're all accomplished people. They're governors and senators. They're all very good people. Maybe, you know.
Untitled a guest Jan 11th, 2015 995 Never a guest995Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.67 KB ------------------------------- our new 'bros' Pandemic Legion From: Fedoral Agent Sent: 2015.01.11 21:04 To: Brave Newbies Inc., Culturally, SP-wise, attitude-wise, there is no alliance more opposite BRAVE than Pandemic Legion. Sure we shouldn't hate them in real life, we can buy them a beer at the next fanfest or whatever, but acting as though PL is doing anything in our best interest and that they've helped us is a joke. They haven't helped us. They want to chain us up and do to us what they did to the old TEST. Use us for our numbers, farm us at their leisure, and hoover up our talented pilots and FCs to make themselves continue to be one of the strongest entities in this game without having to bother with recruiting, training or otherwise helping newbies in any way. BRAVE is a promise of a different kind of culture. If you use BRAVE as a stepping stone to what you see as a "ladder", shame on you. You might as well join waffles, or any of CFC's pet corps if you just want to join an alliance that has so many titans that they don't see much of a point to the strategic side of eve anymore. If you're a newb and want to rush into being a bittervet, I've heard the trip can be made in record fucking time. Goonswarm had BoB, and BRAVE has PL. I'm tired of reading PL's whining about how we "blob" and how they don't have our "numbers". Of course we have numbers when we're not elitist assholes who fly "slippery petes" and other bullshit that takes 50 million or more SP, and then act like they're the greek fucking 300 in taking down t1 frigates flown by people with so little SP that they wouldn't need to pay for clones even if CCP hadn't changed that in the last patch. If you think I'm fuckin kidding, go read r/eve and r/bravenewbies. Some of PL's members have literally said that, that they feel like we're the unwashed Persian hordes and they're 300 elite fuckin Spartans. And remember, in more ways than one (attitude, elitism, etc), Pandemic Legion is literally BoB. Literally BoB. --- I'll take my swift ass kicking now Cagali, but this had to be said. Too much drama and too much spin in all kinds of different directions in the last couple of days, much of it from inside BRAVE. Blah blah blah. To me, nothing is worse than losing our best newbies to other entities who despise having to deal with newbies. No motherf***rs, if you want to drink the milk, you can't have some other fool milk the cow. You want new members PL? Take on some newbies. Yes newbies are a pain in the ass, yes there's spais and all kinds of neckbeardery in this game. The author of this evemail being a typical example of stupid shit newbs do like send corp mail and try to start their own drama because ratting in a vexor is pretty boring and I need to make 800mil to buy out Sinnister's outrageously low priced contract before anyone else notices. But this is where every eve player came from, newbdom, even if it was so long ago that some don't seem to remember. If you got good at eve in BRAVE, stay in BRAVE. Be like aDAMNPATRIOT and start your own niche corp in BRAVE if you have niche interests that aren't served by any of the corps here. If you leave to join the elitist assholes that turn away newbies each and every day, forcing them to stay in high sec or join a fucking rental corp where they mine all day to accumulate bullshit for no reason whatsoever, you're spitting on those of us that are trying to follow in your footsteps. If you are so thankful for my wisdom and your newfound sense of BRAVE patriotism that you're willing to donate to Fedoral's posterior-reconstruction fund to fix the upcoming results of Cagali's anger, donations are accepted in the tin cup over there.
RAW Paste Data
------------------------------- our new 'bros' Pandemic Legion From: Fedoral Agent Sent: 2015.01.11 21:04 To: Brave Newbies Inc., Culturally, SP-wise, attitude-wise, there is no alliance more opposite BRAVE than Pandemic Legion. Sure we shouldn't hate them in real life, we can buy them a beer at the next fanfest or whatever, but acting as though PL is doing anything in our best interest and that they've helped us is a joke. They haven't helped us. They want to chain us up and do to us what they did to the old TEST. Use us for our numbers, farm us at their leisure, and hoover up our talented pilots and FCs to make themselves continue to be one of the strongest entities in this game without having to bother with recruiting, training or otherwise helping newbies in any way. BRAVE is a promise of a different kind of culture. If you use BRAVE as a stepping stone to what you see as a "ladder", shame on you. You might as well join waffles, or any of CFC's pet corps if you just want to join an alliance that has so many titans that they don't see much of a point to the strategic side of eve anymore. If you're a newb and want to rush into being a bittervet, I've heard the trip can be made in record fucking time. Goonswarm had BoB, and BRAVE has PL. I'm tired of reading PL's whining about how we "blob" and how they don't have our "numbers". Of course we have numbers when we're not elitist assholes who fly "slippery petes" and other bullshit that takes 50 million or more SP, and then act like they're the greek fucking 300 in taking down t1 frigates flown by people with so little SP that they wouldn't need to pay for clones even if CCP hadn't changed that in the last patch. If you think I'm fuckin kidding, go read r/eve and r/bravenewbies. Some of PL's members have literally said that, that they feel like we're the unwashed Persian hordes and they're 300 elite fuckin Spartans. And remember, in more ways than one (attitude, elitism, etc), Pandemic Legion is literally BoB. Literally BoB. --- I'll take my swift ass kicking now Cagali, but this had to be said. Too much drama and too much spin in all kinds of different directions in the last couple of days, much of it from inside BRAVE. Blah blah blah. To me, nothing is worse than losing our best newbies to other entities who despise having to deal with newbies. No motherf***rs, if you want to drink the milk, you can't have some other fool milk the cow. You want new members PL? Take on some newbies. Yes newbies are a pain in the ass, yes there's spais and all kinds of neckbeardery in this game. The author of this evemail being a typical example of stupid shit newbs do like send corp mail and try to start their own drama because ratting in a vexor is pretty boring and I need to make 800mil to buy out Sinnister's outrageously low priced contract before anyone else notices. But this is where every eve player came from, newbdom, even if it was so long ago that some don't seem to remember. If you got good at eve in BRAVE, stay in BRAVE. Be like aDAMNPATRIOT and start your own niche corp in BRAVE if you have niche interests that aren't served by any of the corps here. If you leave to join the elitist assholes that turn away newbies each and every day, forcing them to stay in high sec or join a fucking rental corp where they mine all day to accumulate bullshit for no reason whatsoever, you're spitting on those of us that are trying to follow in your footsteps. If you are so thankful for my wisdom and your newfound sense of BRAVE patriotism that you're willing to donate to Fedoral's posterior-reconstruction fund to fix the upcoming results of Cagali's anger, donations are accepted in the tin cup over there.
THERE'S a lot you can tell from a face – and now there's one more thing: body mass index. Software that can predict your BMI from a snapshot of your face could turn a simple headshot into a revealing portrait of your build, and even your risk of certain diseases.
BMI is a standard health metric that's equal to a person's weight (in kilograms) divided by the square of their height (in metres). Someone with a BMI over 30 is acknowledged as obese and below 18.5 as underweight.
How we perceive someone's weight based on images of their face is strongly correlated with actual body weight and associated health risks (Perception, doi.org/c67jd5). Building on that knowledge, Guodong Guo and colleagues at West Virginia University in Morgantown have now produced an algorithm that can analyse a mugshot and predict that person's BMI.
The software assesses seven weight-related components in a face image, including the ratios of cheekbone width to jaw width, face length to cheekbone width and the average distance between eyebrow and eye. They then ran the program across images of 14,500 faces of people with known BMIs. The predicted BMIs were mostly within two or three points of the person's actual BMI (Image and Vision Computing, doi.org/mnz).
Advertisement
That's just a first attempt, Guo says. They say that tweaking the software to analyse more facial features should improve the results.
“This could be used in smart health applications, relating face images to BMI and associated health risks,” Guo says. “Or on online dating sites, for instance, it could help you assess the BMI and state of health of people you might date.”
The system could help you assess the BMI and state of health of people you might find on online dating sites
Ioanna Tzoulaki, an epidemiologist at Imperial College London, says such analyses could be useful if fat in the face can be correlated with patterns of disease, but they worry about discrimination. “What can this be used for except dating sites? People often have facial images in their CVs. Is it right to assign people into obesity groups from these?”
For the last five years, every beer guzzler in America paid a tiny surcharge to some of the nation's largest banks. According to manufacturers, practices at warehouses owned by Goldman Sachs and other financial institutions inflated the price of aluminum used in beer cans and thousands of other goods, costing consumers as much as $3 billion a year, as one MillerCoors executive estimated.
Now, drinkers can belch a sigh of relief. Aluminum markups are falling as quickly as they once rose.
When prices were still climbing in 2013, searing investigations into the aluminum trade by the Huffington Post and the New York Times led to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and a lengthy Senate report. The lenders had helped create a system in which forklifts shuffled aluminum back and forth between warehouses, driving up prices.
By the end of 2014, Goldman and JPMorgan Chase & Co. had exited the warehouse business, as the London Metal Exchange (LME), which sets benchmark aluminum prices, pursued reforms.
With new rules in effect since February and banks out of the business, aluminum surcharges have plummeted. The Midwest premium -- a central component of aluminum pricing that reflects the cost of storage and shipping -- has fallen 58 percent from its February peak, says Morningstar metals analyst Andrew Lane.
The overall price manufacturers pay for aluminum has dipped to roughly $2,085 per metric ton from $2,327 at the start of the year.
“They've close to round-tripped it,” says Lloyd O'Carroll, an analyst at Northcoast Research.
Analysts point to two factors for the surprising plunge in the Midwest premium from its unusually high peak: new policies at metals warehouses and the winding down of speculation on aluminum by commodities traders.
“Aluminum was used as an investment vehicle,” says Lane. “That created some artificial demand that drove up premiums.”
Industry players who cried foul over bank practices feel vindicated. “The recent market activity lends credence to our case,” says Garrett Wotkyns, an attorney for flashlight maker Mag Instrument and other purchasers. Their clients have accused Goldman, JPMorgan and European commodities dealer Glencore PLC of a price-fixing conspiracy.
Banks dispute the allegations. Lawyers for Goldman and JPMorgan have pointed out that “all-in” aluminum prices -- the base price of the metal plus the additional Midwest premium -- fell over the period in question, and that there was no factual basis for price-fixing claims.
In response to queries, a Goldman representative pointed to a white paper that argued that prices paid by purchasers reflect supply-and-demand fundamentals. Queues in warehouses “do not impact the ‘all-in price' consumers pay for delivered physical aluminum,” the white paper says.
A Merry-Go-Round Of Metal
After the financial crisis, major U.S. banks moved heavily into commodities trading. In 2010, Goldman Sachs bought Metro International Trade Services, a Detroit warehousing company that in 2014 stored 85 percent of the LME-traded aluminum in the U.S.
It was a strategic acquisition. The recession had produced a glut of cheap aluminum, creating market conditions that essentially guaranteed profits for any firm that could pay to stockpile aluminum and sell it on the futures market for high prices.
O'Carroll says commodities dealers leaped at the opportunity. “There were a lot of cutthroat battles among traders," they say, as stockpiles of aluminum exploded. In Detroit, LME aluminum hoards grew from 52,000 metric tons in 2008 to 1.5 million metric tons in 2014.
Per LME rules, Goldman did not own any of the aluminum itself. But the lender put itself in the very center of aluminum trade, inking deals with other players that incentivized them to store with Metro. Purchasers complained that the inducements “lure[d] metal away from the physical market” and led to “distortions” in the aluminum markets.
Goldman argued that the incentives had little effect on premiums, which continued to rise even after the bank says Metro stopped paying incentives in November 2013. Other traders ultimately placed and canceled orders at Metro facilities, not Goldman.
Still, financial regulators took notice, issuing subpoenas to companies that traded financial products based on the price of aluminum even as they stored vast amounts of the metal.
Complaints from manufacturers soared as wait times for delivery stretched to months and premiums edged up. Queues in Detroit lengthened from around 40 days when Goldman bought Metro to a peak of more than 600 days, helping drive the Midwest premium up more than 300 percent.
Goldman's trading activities and business arrangements helped inflate the queues, according to a 2014 Senate subcommittee report. As the Times exposé revealed, aluminum would leave one Metro warehouse only to be shuttled to a different Metro warehouse. Metro clients were paid to pull their supply from a queue at one facility and join a queue at another, keeping both rents and wait times high. A former delivery worker called it a “merry-go-round of metal.”
In 2011, an independent consultant recommended that the LME require warehouses to ship out more aluminum on a daily basis than they take in. But LME members were resistant. In 2013, Goldman told federal regulators that warehouse owners were incentivized to “maximize inventory” by shipping aluminum out at the slowest rate possible.
Because the LME was jointly owned by its members, committees that shaped LME policy included the very banks profiting from the delays. Goldman and JPMorgan together owned more than one-fifth of the exchange before it was sold to a Hong Kong company in December 2012.
A Return To Normal
After a lengthy legal scrum with Russian aluminum giant Rusal, which benefited from the logjams, the exchange has finally acted on the 2011 recommendation to make warehouses push more aluminum out the door every day than they take in.
The effect on aluminum premiums has been dramatic. “The decline has happened much more quickly than we anticipated,” says Lane.
Some observers have puzzled over exactly how the maneuvers benefited financial firms. U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest dismissed some of the antitrust lawsuits filed against the banks by major aluminum purchasers. Though the court agreed that trading practices inflated aluminum premiums, the strategies didn't rise to the level of a price-fixing conspiracy.
“Frankly put, the economics of the alleged conspiracy as pled do not work,” Forrest wrote in a dismissal. Other lawsuits are ongoing.
Lawyers for Goldman and JPMorgan have argued that the banks simply were acting in their own best interest. They acquired warehouses during a time when aluminum storage was especially lucrative and pushed to maximize their market share. With demand for aluminum now rising, that window has closed.
“The banks would argue that they took advantage of an arbitrage opportunity,” says Lane, who estimates that banks saw an overall 7 percent return on aluminum positions.
“There was really no upshot for anyone else other than the banks involved.”
Morgan Freeman has been the voice of God. Now they will be the face of a series that explores our quest to understand the divine.
Freeman, who has frequently shared their own opinions on the subject, will host and exec produce Nat Geo's “The Story of God.”
“The story of God is one of the greatest mysteries and most important ideas in the world,” said Freeman. “For me, this is a personal and enduring quest to understand the divine, and I am humbled by the opportunity to take viewers along on this incredible journey.”
Described as an “epic adventure and profoundly personal journey into the eternal mysteries of the divine,” the series will follow Freeman as they embark on an epic exploration and intimate reflection on God, immersing themselves in religious experiences and rituals all around the world, as well as becoming a test subject in scientific labs to examine how the frontiers of neuroscience and cosmology are intersecting the traditional domain of religion.
“God is arguably the most important topic of our time,” said Lori McCreary, Freeman's producing partner at Revelations Entertainment and an executive producer on the series. “National Geographic's unprecedented inside access will allow us to explore the global mystery behind God and religion. With Morgan as our storyteller, we're going to produce a visually stunning and thought-provoking series that will spur meaningful conversations about God and faith, by believers and nonbelievers alike.”
Related 5 Things We Learned at TCA: Day 13 TV Roundup: Netflix Orders Ted Bundy Docu-Series
The series will also include Freeman's own opinions on the matter, as they ponder and shares their personal reflections from the back of a taxi leaving the Vatican or hiking through the Guatemalan jungle on the way to an abandoned Mayan temple.
“We're partnering with Revelations Entertainment and the talented, multifaceted Morgan Freeman to produce an epic and very personal journey to understand humankind's religious devotion,” said Courteney Monroe, CEO, National Geographic Channels. “Blending science, history, anthropology and personal experience, we're harnessing the power of the National Geographic brand and our unparalleled global reach to tell a meaningful and awe-inspiring story of religion and spirituality, across disciplines and faiths.”
“The Story of God” will be produced by Revelations Entertainment for National Geographic Channel. For Revelations Entertainment, Freeman, McCreary and James Younger are executive producers. For National Geographic Channel, Michael J. Miller is a executive producer; Kevin Mohs is vice president, production and development; Alan Eyres is senior vice president, programming and development; and Tim Pastore is president, original programming & production.
“The Story of God” is slated to air in 2016 on National Geographic Channel and Nat Geo Mundo in the U.S. and globally in 171 countries and 45 languages.
Katniss is molded into a revolutionary in this first half of the 'Hunger Games' series' final installment
Like an overgrown and bloated trailer for a film yet to come, Francis Lawrence's The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1 spreads perhaps 45 minutes of dramatic material across two far-too-leisurely hours. The final installment of Suzanne Collins' blockbuster trilogy wasn't naturally designed to be broken down into two segments. However, after the producers of the Harry Potter and Twilight series doubled their financial pleasure by dividing those series' climactic stories into two distinct films, how was Lionsgate to resist doing the same with its own gold mine, given that the two previous Katniss chronicles have together grossed more than $1.5 billion worldwide?
It isn't that it's disagreeable to be reunited with the resourceful, resilient and attractive characters in this series, especially now that the Hunger Games themselves are history and a revolutionary spirit has seized the downtrodden masses of Panem. This first half of the big-screen version of the oft-derided Mockingjay novel is essentially devoted to the rebel leaders' efforts to transform Katniss into their standard bearer and make them the focal point of their propaganda. Up to a point, this process is engaging and somewhat amusing, even if a little dialectical montage had been welcome along the way, just for fun.
Unfortunately, Mockingjay — Part 1 has all the personality of an industrial film. There's not a drop of insolence, insubordination or insurrection running through its veins; it feels like a manufactured product through and through, ironic and sad given its revolutionary theme.
Read more 'Hunger Games' Stage Show Set for Summer 2016
Unlike its outdoorsy predecessors, this franchise installment is mostly confined to quarters — notably the secret, bunker-like headquarters of District 13, a hotbed of revolt led by its president, Alma Coin (Julianne Moore). In league with turncoat Capitol game-maker Plutarch (Philip Seymour Hoffman, to whom the film is dedicated) and wheelchair-bound high-tech wiz and hacker Beetee (Jeffrey Wright), the president aims to galvanize the surviving citizens of all the districts to overthrow the ever-devious President Snow (Donald Sutherland) once and for all.
This state of affairs is new to Katniss (Jennifer Lawrence, all of 23 when this was shot), who awakens from the trauma of what we saw them endure last year to be faced not only with underground confinement but the apparent betrayal of Peeta (Josh Hutcherson). In a series of broadcast interviews with the emotionally manipulative Caesar (Stanley Tucci), the unlikely young survivor appears drugged, brainwashed or both as they warn against civil war and urges the rebels to agree to a cease-fire.
Relieved that their friend is still alive but dismayed by their words, Katniss is taken to view the rubble that is their native District 12 in hopes of stoking their revolutionary fervor. By their side again are the ever-ardent Gale (Liam Hemsworth); Haymitch (Woody Harrelson), now sober and with little to do; and Effie Trinket (Elizabeth Banks), whose insatiable need for high style and glamor are amusingly stymied by the militaristic drabness of District 13. Given more opportunity here than in the two previous films, Banks gamely pushes the role into quasi-Oscar Wildean territory.
It's up to all of these characters to mold Katniss into “the face of the revolution,” and the film's most entertaining moments portray their efforts to goose, prod and provoke the resourceful warrior into becoming a cross between Joan of Arc and Marianne, France's symbol of la liberte. It doesn't come naturally, as Katniss' initial attempts at inspirational calls to storm the barricades wouldn't pass muster in a high school play. But the galvanizing moments eventually arrive, as do some testy televised exchanges between Katniss and Snow; the latter may be under assault but always seems to have more cards to play.
Read more Lorde's 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Soundtrack to Feature Kanye West, Charli XCX
The central challenge faced by new-to-the-series screenwriters Peter Craig and Danny Strong was to bring the story to the brink of the inevitable confrontation between the oppressors and the oppressed. From a dramatic point of view, this would have ideally occupied either the initial third or first half, let's say, of a 140-minute movie, which would have then continued to accelerate toward cathartic action and ultimate resolution. As things stand, however, audiences are left at the edge of a cliff for another year — until November 2015, to be precise — when Part 2 of Mockingjay will be released.
To be sure, massive audiences will turn out this year as well as next. But far more than with Harry Potter and about the same as with Twilight, this doubling-the-profit gambit feels like a gaming-the-public ploy.
Production companies: Color Force, Lionsgate
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jeffrey Wright, Stanley Tucci, Donald Sutherland, Willow Shields, Sam Clafin, Jena Malone, Mahershala Ali, Natalie Dormer, Wes Chatham, Elden Henson, Paula Malcomson, Evan Ross
Director: Francis Lawrence
Screenwriters: Peter Craig, Danny Strong, adaptation by Suzanne Collins, based on the novel by Suzanne Collins
Producers: Nina Jacobson, Jon Kilik
Executive producers: Suzanne Collins, Jan Foster
Director of photography: Jo Willems
Production designer: Phil Messina
Costume designer: Kurt and Bart
Editors: Alan Edward Bell, Mark Yoshikawa
Music: James Newton Howard
Casting: Debra Zane
Rated PG-13, 123 minutes
