This is the third of five articles on Say Yes to Education's fifth anniversary in Syracuse.
Say Yes to Education's calling card when it arrived in Syracuse was its eye-popping guarantee of free tuition for school district graduates accepted at New York's public colleges and participating private schools.
It seemed like a dream come true for city families struggling to make ends meet in a failing economy - and an irresistible magnet that could draw more middle-class families into the district.
It's a pledge Say Yes has followed through on - with some key modifications.
The organization quickly had to alter its blanket promise as the private colleges began setting their own limits. Now, students from families with incomes over $75,000 do not qualify for the private school portion of the program -- although all students are still eligible at state colleges.
Syracuse University is the exception among the private schools - it provides free tuition to Syracuse district graduates regardless of their family income, but set an income cutoff of $100,000 for Say Yes students in Buffalo when Say Yes joined with that district.
View full size View full size
The free tuition guarantees at the private colleges are funded by the colleges themselves, not Say Yes. However, students going to private schools who don't qualify for free tuition under the income guidelines can get annual $5,000 Say Yes scholarships.
The Say Yes pledge - open to students who have spent at least their last three years in city schools -- does not cover room and board and other expenses. However, it does offer scholarships of up to $2,000 to help with those costs at the state schools.
So far, more than 2,100 students have taken advantage of the tuition pledge.
Many of those students would have gone on to college anyway, but that doesn't mean it hasn't changed lives.
Arielle Kaigler-Hall, who graduated from Corcoran High School in 2010 and is an upcoming senior at Medaille College in Buffalo, says they would likely have gone to a two-year community college - perhaps Herkimer - and then transferred to a four-year school if not for the Say Yes pledge.
They said they have made great strides as a communications major and psychology minor at Medaille, which is a small, close-knit college community.
Tess O'Leary, a 2010 Fowler High School graduate, says they probably would have attended SUNY Oswego and majored in science if they had to pay their own way through college. But the Say Yes pledge enabled them to go to Hobart and William Smith, where they became a public policy major and was able to take advantage of the school's extensive foreign study programs, spending semesters abroad in Wales and Argentina.
They hope to enter the Peace Corps after their 2014 graduation and then go on to a possible career in education policy.
"Say Yes definitely changed my whole outlook on the future, career-wise," they said.
But neither O'Leary nor Kaigler-Hall will graduate debt-free. Because the Say Yes pledge does not cover room and board, each will graduate with between $20,000 and $30,000 of loans outstanding.
O'Leary says that's a significant amount, but nowhere near the college debt that some students rack up.
The free tuition guarantee at the state schools will eventually be fully funded through a local endowment under the supervision of the Central New York Community Foundation. Say Yes says once the endowment reaches $20 million it will be self-sustaining, with the interest paying for all of the scholarships.
So far, the endowment stands at $6 million in gifts and pledges, with an additional $2 million still available from an SRC Inc. matching gift of $5 million. That $2 million, when it is matched by $2 million from other sources, should bring the endowment up to $10 million within a few years, said Peter Dunn, president and CEO of the Community Foundation.
Dunn said they think the endowment can reach its $20 million goal within about five years.
The tuition pledge is a "last dollar" guarantee, meaning that Say Yes and the school district help students get all the aid from other sources that they can, then fill in the gap so families don't have to take out any loans for tuition.
In 2012-13, the average Say Yes tuition grant per student was $3,126. Over the past four years, Say Yes has contributed $3.9 million to the grants.
About half the Say Yes students go to four-year schools, and half to two-year institutions.
Say Yes continues to support students when they are in college, through both individual advising as needed and group meetings in Syracuse.
The organization says about 90 percent of its scholarship students move on from their first year to their second in private, four-year colleges -- well above the national average. It says the retention rates for Say Yes students in two- and four-year state schools are lower, but still slightly above the national average.
Coming next:
Thursday
Say Yes at 5: Will the Syracuse school district, community coalition hold?
After five years, an unprecedented community partnership looks as strong as ever
Friday
Say Yes at 5: Are Syracuse schools improving?
Classroom advances are the school district's responsibility, but Say Yes has tried - haltingly - to clear the way for learning
Contact Paul Riede at priede@syracuse.com or 470-3260. Contact them on Twitter at @PaulRiede.
Say Yes to Education Syracuse Donors
Say Yes to Syracuse private colleges
The draft reform, approved in January, would have allowed abortions only in cases of rape which had been reported to the police or when there was a medically-certified threat to the mother's physical or psychological health.
Current legislation will now be revamped to ensure that 16 and 17-year-olds have to obtain parental permission before having an abortion, meaning that the most controversial aspects of the planned reforms will fall by the wayside.
"We are very happy with the decision, and we should all be celebrating," Rosa Escapa, the president of Spanish women's lobby group Celem told The Local.
"It shows that Spain has changed a lot in the last 30 years, and that it was it is worth the effort to fight the proposed reforms."
Escapa said the decision to discard the law hadn't taken Celem completely by surprise, given the "suspicious" series of delays to the passing of the legislation in parliament.
But the CELEM president also pointed out that the government itself had probably been taken aback by the level of opposition to the plans.
"That opposition came from men and women, and from old people and young people, and I think that had to do with the fact that the abortion reforms had nothing to do with the crisis.
"Until now, the government has used the economic crisis and the lack of funds as an excuse to push through cuts to education and health," said Escapa.
"But the abortion reform was an attack on individual rights and was more ideological than anything else."
The discarded draft bill caused divisions within Spain's ruling conservative Popular Party and angered thousands of pro-choicers who took to the streets to voice their discontent.
Spain's main opposition party, the Socialist PSOE, reacted to Tuesday's news by calling it a "triumph of reason".
El triunfo de la razón. Gracias a todas y todos por esta batalla. Por la libertad de las mujeres, en el #AbortoNiUnPasoAtras. ¡GRACIAS! — PSOE (@PSOE) September 23, 2014
The government's official announcement of plans to shelve the reforms comes shortly after centre-right daily El Mundo reported that Rajoy had allegedly changed their mind, quoting sources from within the government.
"There's no consensus regarding this bill, it's looking unlikely that it will be approved," Popular Party sources purportedly told the daily.
Under current Spanish legislation brought in by the previous Socialist government in 2010, women in Spain have the right to abortion on demand up to 14 weeks into their pregnancy.
Women also have the legal right to abort up to the 22nd week of pregnancy in cases where the mother's health is at risk or the foetus shows serious deformities.
Under the previous 1985 law, abortion was a crime in Spain except in cases of rape, risk to the mother's health or deformation of the foetus.
"The good thing about the current law is that nobody obliges women to have an abortion or not have an abortion. It's their choice," Escapa from Celem told The Local.
"In this regard, possible changes that would see young women having to inform their parents could be a step backward. It assumes these people are well-informed about the issues, which is not always the case," they explained.
"Some young women might also be forced to either terminate their pregnancy or bear a child they don't want," they added.
The Celem president also made a call for better sex education in Spain's schools, especially when it came to preventing unwanted pregnancies.
Spanish Justice Minister Alberto Ruiz-Gallardón resigned following their government's decision to shelve a draft law they had spearheaded. They said they would give up their seat and leave politics altogether.
In the wake of a National Public Radio investigation, U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran joined 11 Democratic senators in calling on the Veterans Affairs secretary to locate and provide health care to World War II veterans who endured mustard gas testing by the U.S. government.
In 1993, the U.S. Department of Defense declassified a secret program in which 60,000 soldiers were locked in a gas chamber while mustard gas and other chemicals were piped inside.
Late last month, an NPR investigation revealed that soldiers were chosen based on their race. As a 93-year-old African-American veteran recalled, "they said we were being tested to see what effect these gases would have on black skins." Japanese-Americans were also singled out in an attempt to determine the effects chemical agents would have on enemy Japanese troops.
Sworn to secrecy for decades, the veterans were unable to receive the health monitoring and care afforded to other soldiers who endure chemical warfare on the battlefield. When doctors asked the veterans about their health history, they weren't able to say what had happened to them.
After the heinous experiments were declassified more than 20 years ago, the VA promised to contact roughly 4,000 veterans who had been exposed to the chemical agents. Instead, the agency contacted only 610 over the course of two decades, claiming it couldn't find the rest.
NPR conducted its own effort to find the affected veterans. In two months, it found 1,200. Many of the veterans found by NPR were still unable to receive health benefits and compensation previously promised by the VA.
On Tuesday, a dozen senators sent VA Secretary Bob McDonald a one-page letter calling on them to properly compensate the veterans who endured chemical testing by their own government.
"We also request the Department review its investigation process to determine how NPR reporters were able to locate 1,200 affected veterans over a period of weeks, while the VA only identified half that number over the past 20 years," the senators wrote.
Moran was the only Republican senator to sign the letter, joining Democrats Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire, Brian Schatz of Hawaii, Barbara Mikulski of Maryland, Bill Nelson of Florida, Ron Wyden of Oregon, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Ed Markey of Massachusetts, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Chuck Schumer of New York.
"These brave veterans were subjected to horrifying abuse that has scarred many of them both physically and mentally," the letter states. "Every effort needs to be made immediately to ensure they're finally getting the health benefits they are owed."
According to the NPR investigation, about 95 percent of the veterans involved in the experiments have died. The VA has urged NPR to make its list of 1,200 veterans public and the news outlet plans to do so in the coming weeks.
"The members of our military are heroes, not test subjects, and it is a tragedy that they were forced to participate in such atrocious experiments," Moran said in an email Wednesday. "Equally tragic, however, is how their health care needs have been ignored in the aftermath."
Moran's office said it doesn't know of any Kansans who were test subjects in the experiments.
Mustard gas, also called sulfur mustards, causes large blisters on the skin and within lungs. Its use on the battlefield was prohibited by the Geneva Protocol of 1925 and again by the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993, though declassified documents show the U.S. military considered using it in an attack on the Japanese mainland during World War II.
"We hope to right some of the wrongs these veterans have suffered," Moran said. "Though we are unable to change what occurred, we have the ability to give them the respect and the dignity they deserve."
Nov 22, 2014; Cleveland, OH, USA; Toronto Raptors guard Kyle Lowry (7) dribbles the ball around Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving (2) in the second quarter at Quicken Loans Arena. Mandatory Credit: David Richard-USA TODAY Sports
Toronto Raptors guard Kyle Lowry is yet another case in point for why fan voting in the NBA All-Star selection needs to be limited.
As the final days of All-Star voting come to a close, Kyrie “Uncle Drew” Irving is second in votes for guards in the Eastern Conference with just under 400,000 votes, while the Toronto Raptors Kyle Lowry remains third sitting at 367,472.
With the top two spots in voting awarded to starters, and with Dwyane Wade running away in first place with almost double as many votes as Irving, it is becoming more and more clear that Lowry may end up watching the tip-off of the first ever All-Star game here in Toronto, their city, at the Air Canada Centre, their building, from the bench.
It is also another reason that DeMar DeRozan will likely be watching it from the stands.
Irving has had a few standout performances in their 11 games to start their season, but their overall numbers have been pedestrian at best, averaging 16.5 PPG, 2.7 RPG, and 4.1 APG, hardly All-Star stats.
Meanwhile Lowry has compiled 20.8 PPG, 5.2 RPG, and 6.4 APG, considerably higher numbers than what Irving has put together.
Add in the fact that they had spent more time as their alter ego playing HORSE against Ray Allen for Pepsi (spoiler alert!) than actual time on an NBA floor, and you can begin to realize that favoritism over performance is the standard and not the exception in All-Star voting.
It is a sad conclusion for many Toronto sports fans, a reminder that for all the star power an A-list celebrity like Drake can pull in, for all the “F**** Brooklyn” headlines the Raptors GM can bellow to thousands of fans outside of Jurassic Park, and even for the fact that we are hosting the All-Star game, a player from a media juggernaut such as Cleveland, that has only played eleven games this year, still resonates to NBA fans more than us.
In the minds of most casual NBA fans, we are still “small market”.
This year, a guy like Kobe Bryant deserves to be there, much in the same way that Michael Jordan deserved to be there back in 2003 during their final season. Hell, Vince Carter (still a Raptor at the time) gave up the starting spot to MJ because they didn't get enough votes, and nobody batted an eye.
A guy like Irving, for all of their skill, doesn't deserve to be there over players that have put in a full body of work over the NBA season. One day they might, but this isn't that day.
Despite all rationality, fans chose the name they knew, but didn't care to look at the body of work, and just decided that the numbers and value of a player is meaningless when the other has a Pepsi deal and gets to play with LeBron James.
It is not dissimilar in the way that Yao Ming didn't deserve to be voted in back in 2011, when a foot injury that ultimately ended their career prematurely, was given the starting spot at center despite only playing five games the whole season.
Earlier this week, Yao was elected to the basketball hall of fame, but at the time in 2011, no one thought for a second that would be their final season.
That was no swan song, that was two billion of their countrymen giving them the most ridiculous push simply for the fact that they were one of them.
No skill, no logic, just pride and prejudice.
You want to talk about Canada being biased for Lowry last season? Go right ahead, just keep in mind that Lowry put the Raptors on their back while DeMar DeRozan had missed most of the season up until that point due to injury, thus giving them some of the best numbers in the league at the backcourt.
If Canada had elected DeRozan to last year's All-Star Game, you would have had an actual argument against the charge of fanboy-ism.
China didn't then, and NBA fans as a whole don't now.
What To Do?
Now that Twitter has made it easier than ever to spam votes, it might be time to start weaning off of the fans ability to make the entire decision for the starting lineups.
How to do that? Maybe limit one vote per position to each individual account on the social media network? Or have the fans select the top three players at each position, and let the media or players decide the starting five?
Ok, maybe the last suggestion was a little self-serving, but I'd rather have the final decision come down to someone who consistently covers the teams, than a fanboy with too much time on their hands from China or Cleveland.
Or maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way, maybe we should let the fans select the entire 15-man roster, and, just like a real game, have the coaches dictate the starting lineup?
In one instance, the fans feel like they have an even more powerful voice because as much as I'm knocking the fans in this article, they tend to get the overall list pretty accurate.
One look at the overall list of candidates getting votes, and you'll see a list that is difficult to argue against on who should and shouldn't be getting votes.
I just have an issue with the fact that the top choices over the years tend to have more marketability and brand name luster, than actual substance, or their stats over the course of this season.
Hmm, a group of voters getting behind a figure based on their charisma and marketing machine backing him, as opposed to what they have actually done in the terms of performance over the course of a certain amount of time? Now when have we ever seen that?
Democracy can be a fickle mistress sometimes.
NAPA, Calif. -- What does Derek Carr think will happen after they hand off the football to Marshawn Lynch in a regular-season game?
"He's going to run through some people's faces," the Oakland Raiders quarterback said of their new running back. "I think that's what he's going to do. He's going to protect the quarterback ... he's good at that. Very physical. That part of the game is fun to him.
"I tend to like to slide or go over people, and they like to go through them."
Yes, that's part of the reason the Raiders acquired Lynch in a trade with the Seattle Seahawks after they came out of their one-year retirement: to be a punishing runner in a high-octane offense.
The addition of Marshawn Lynch has elevated already high expectations for the Raiders, coming off a playoff season. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
So it matters little that through four training camp practices DeAndre Washington has been the one taking most of the snaps with the first team. The job description is all Lynch.
"Just to play in Oakland," Lynch said in June, "is like a dream come true, or something like that."
The addition of Lynch has elevated the already high expectations for Oakland, which is coming off a 12-4 season and its first playoff appearance since the 2002 season.
The anticipation is palpable at camp, though Carr is trying to quell it in Napa.
Play ESPN Fantasy Football More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
"You always want people saying good things around this time," Carr said. "But also we know that that's only because of what happened last year; that's not even this team. We know what we need to do better.
"We didn't even beat Kansas City ... last year. So I don't know why everyone is so excited."
Indeed, while Carr's first career NFL victory came against the Chiefs, in 2014 after an 0-10 start to the season, they are a combined 1-5 against them.
"We have a lot more work to do to be a better football team," Carr said. "I understand the excitement of the people that we have, but I don't understand the excitement of how we finished so far. We need to do a better job there. I think that that's what keeps our team focused.
"One day when we reach our goal, we'll look at it and say, 'Well, that was cool, now we know how to do it' kind of thing. Always looking forward to that."
Almost as much as anticipating Lynch running through someone's face.
A transgender activist got the chance to ask former president Barack Obama a question during an event in New Delhi, India and their response reminds why we wish they were still the one in the Oval Office.
The event, organized by the Obama Foundation, is one in a series, where Obama hopes to help inspire a new class of activists and change-makers.
Akkai Padmashali, a transgender activist who runs the LGBTQ advocacy organization Ondede, asked how they can raise their voice and make a difference in such a hostile environment.
Padmashali, who thanked Change.org for giving them the needed funds to travel to the event, noted that they are stigmatized and discriminated against for being who they are, as a member of the LGBTQ community.
They specifically referred to Section 377, a law criminalizing homosexual acts, reinstated in 2013, as well as proposed transgender protections legislation.
“How can I speak up in front of a society when I am a criminal under Section 377?” they asked.
Padmashali noted that the trans community was not being consulted on the issue.
“I think the answer is, it begins with what you just did, which is to find your voice and be able to articulate your views and your experiences, and tell your story,” Obama answered.
“And that's true of any group that is marginalized, stigmatized,” they continued. “Finding that voice, and being able to tell a story so that the perceptions somehow that you are different are broken down, because they start seeing their experiences in you. They see your humanity.”
“Once that voice is there, hopefully others join you. So now you have networks, and organizations, and allies,” they said.
“And then, once that happens, it's a matter of applying political pressure and being able to mobilize public opinion,” they instructed.
While they admitted that “that can take some time,” they added that there is reason to have hope, pointing to progress on LGBTQ issues in the United States and elsewhere.
“Now, there is just an open acknowledgement, even among many conservative parties, that we should not be discriminating against persons because of sexual orientation. And that happened, in respect to human history, amazingly quickly,” they said.
“Now, in the span of one person's lifetime, that can seem painfully long. But it requires a steady education of the public, and then a political strategy that puts pressure on elected officials, and that's going to take some time,” they concluded.
This Story Filed Under
BuzzFeed is hiring a reporter whose full-time job will be to cover President Donald Trump's complex dynamic with the news. | Getty BuzzFeed hires reporter to cover Trump's relationship with the media
President Donald Trump's complicated relationship with the news media has riveted the political class for months — their impromptu TV appearances where foreign policy is made, their early-morning tweets, their crowing about ratings, and their love-hate relationship with individual outlets.
Now, BuzzFeed, an outlet they recently labeled a "failing pile of garbage," is hiring a reporter whose full-time job will be to cover their complex dynamic with the news. Steven Perlberg, who will join the website from The Wall Street Journal, is part of a broader trend from media outlets to increase their coverage of the Trump administration and its testy relationship with the media. But while plenty of outlets (POLITICO included) have full-time media reporters who often cover Trump, BuzzFeed thus far seems to stand alone as an outlet who is dedicating a full-time person to the intersection.
Story Continued Below
"We tried to look at the landscape to see what we could add," Katherine Miller, a top editor at BuzzFeed, said. "Over the last three months, there has been a very intense conversation about politics and media and how coverage is being done."
What makes Trump such a compelling media story is that they are obsessed with Twitter and often watches hours of television, commenting live on Twitter on what they see on TV and sometimes making policy and political decisions based on TV coverage. As they watched a Fox News segment on Tuesday night about killings in Chicago, they threatened to "send the feds in!"
They spent the first four days of their presidency in a raging war with the news media overcrowd sizes and false claims of fraudulent voting, jarring their critics, supporters and aides. They have told political allies that the news media is their best foil because their supporters don't trust mainstream outlets. Yet, they chat with network executives behind the scenes, trying to shape their coverage, and they obsess over ratings.
In the middle of high-level meetings he'll take phone calls from MSNBC's Joe Scarborough, on whose show they recently surprised the world by declaring "let it be an arms race," while Scarborough and co-host Mika Brzezinski sat in their pajamas on a Christmas-themed set, digesting their nuclear rhetoric.
Yet they also deeply cares about The New York Times, calling the paper "a great, great American jewel" hours after calling it "failing." They have forced other world leaders to come to him, yet made rare departures from Trump Tower to visit the Times and Hearst during the transition.
"It's not just media reporters and media critics are making Trump front and center, it's that Trump is making the media front and center," said David Folkenflik, the NPR media correspondent. "There has not been much of a transformation in Trump's impulse at least not discernibly toward the media as they have become president and moved on from being a candidate."
Additionally, their White House has already begun shuffling the media power landscape. They weighed moving reporters from the traditional briefing room in the West Wing and have shuffled the traditional pecking order — taking questions from Lifezette.com and The New York Post to begin news briefings, whereas the Associated Press has traditionally gotten the first crack. Their chief strategist came from Breitbart News, a right-wing, nationalist website. Two of their staffers are expected to join the White House, with possibly more coming.
Trump has fueled a growing distrust of the mainstream media, with polls showing historically low trust in traditional news outlets. BuzzFeed itself became something of a media story earlier this month, when it drew criticism and some praise for publishing an unverified dossier of allegations about Trump and their Russian ties. After the document was published, other outlets and Trump's team criticized BuzzFeed, and Trump promised ramifications against the outlet.
"A central strategy of this White House seems to be designed to delegitimize journalism in the eyes of the American people. That makes media reporting — the reporting on how news is produced and consumed — more important than ever," said Gabriel Sherman, the New York magazine reporter. “Given that we're only halfway through Trump's first week and he's already praised Fox News, tweeted a policy idea they seem to have gotten from watching Bill O'Reilly, and baselessly claimed 3-5 million people voted illegally, I'd say yes — Trump will be a big focus of my time."
These days, the White House briefing room has never been more packed. Trump always seems to be on every TV. CNN is hiring a reporter to only cover "fake news," and their weekly show, Reliable Sources, frequently focuses on Trump. The New York Times sent a reporter from New York to spend the week in Washington profiling Sean Spicer, the combative press secretary after they made angry, false claims Saturday.
Miller said the BuzzFeed envisioned the beat broadly. Ideal stories would include Trump's relationship with Google and Twitter, what compromises media outlets are willing to make with Trump, "the revival of the TV news business," and the rise of powerful right-wing outlets. The site wants to break news on how Trump consumes media and what actions their team is willing to take to secure favorable coverage.
"This is not an administration that is going to be particularly interested in the norms of how things are done," Miller said.
(CNN) An attorney for the Detroit Public Schools has asked a judge to issue a restraining order and preliminary injunction to force teachers to stop sickouts and return to work, according to court documents filed Wednesday.
The motion names the Detroit Federation of Teachers, interim teachers union president Ivy Bailey and 23 Detroit Public Schools teachers.
"DPS has requested the court's intervention in addressing the ongoing teacher sickouts that are plaguing the district," Michelle Zdrodowski, the spokesperson for the Detroit Public Schools said in a statement.
The teachers union responded to the filing, noting "Detroit deserves better."
"It is regrettable that the Detroit Public Schools seeks to punish those who speak out about the deplorable conditions in our schools," Bailey said. "It would be so much more productive to actually do something to fix Detroit schools rather than file restraining orders against those who expose the miserable conditions."
Nearly all Detroit's public schools were closed Wednesday as many protesting teachers called in sick, turning what was supposed to be a day to celebrate into one shining a harsh spotlight on one of Michigan's struggling cities.
But those inside the city tell a sharply different story, one illustrated in leaflets showing pictures of dead rats found at public schools, mildew taking over ceilings and walls and damage to school buildings.
Detroit teachers have pressed their case against what they call deplorable conditions and inadequate funding. They've also decried decisions made by the school system's emergency manager, who was appointed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder -- criticism that echoes complaints in Flint, a Michigan city mired in a water crisis after state officials largely took over because of budget troubles, just as they did in Detroit.
Detroit teachers have backed up their words with mass sickouts, starting January 11, when 62 schools closed as a result.
Bailey estimated the doors of "over 30 schools" ultimately would be affected.
Zdrodowski said there would be no class Wednesday in 88 schools, about 90% of those in the system.
Due to a high volume of teacher absences, the following schools will be closed today... https://t.co/o9JeOHHe2K — DetroitPublicSchools (@Detroitk12) January 20, 2016
But as of Wednesday night, the Detroit Public Schools' Facebook page indicated all schools will be open Thursday. The announcement included a request for students and parents to check the page again for updates.
The speaker of the House in Michigan called for absentee teachers to be dismissed.
"These teachers deserve to be fired for turning their backs on the children in their care," said Kevin Cotter, a Republican from Mount Pleasant. "Their actions also go against any possible resolution on potential (Detroit Public Schools) reforms, because any long-term agreement on Detroit schools has to put the kids first."
Cotter said more than 700,000 instructional hours have been lost.
Obama meets with Detroit's mayor
The timing -- on the day of Obama's visit to the Detroit auto show, with the national media attention that it brought -- was no coincidence.
are struggling in schools with hazardous environmental and safety issues (and) educators have made significant sacrifices for the good of students." The Detroit Federation of Teachers indicated as much on its website , saying now is the time to "fight for Detroit kids (who)are struggling in schools with hazardous environmental and safety issues (and) educators have made significant sacrifices for the good of students."
Photos: Conditions at Detroit schools Photos taken at three Detroit schools show deterioration at school facilities. Teachers have protested the conditions by calling in sick in large groups. Hide Caption 1 of 5 Photos: Conditions at Detroit schools Teachers say the deplorable conditions diminish their ability to effectively teach and put students at a disadvantage. Hide Caption 2 of 5 Photos: Conditions at Detroit schools Teachers have complained of safety hazards and equipment shortages. Hide Caption 3 of 5 Photos: Conditions at Detroit schools Reports provided by the teachers union complain of rats in the halls of some schools and pieces of ceiling falling on students' heads. Hide Caption 4 of 5 Photos: Conditions at Detroit schools Teachers also claim that some extracurricular facilities, such as gyms, are unsafe because of neglect. Hide Caption 5 of 5
"As the city celebrates this 'ultra-luxury' automobile event," the teachers union said, "Detroit's public schools are in a state of crisis."
Protesters planned to hand out fliers to car show attendees and urge them to sign a petition -- which had over 11,000 signatures as of Wednesday morning -- entitled "Our Kids Deserve Better."
"Enough is enough!" the petition states . "... We demand real answers and fully funded schools."
Obama had lunch with Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan. Before the meeting the White House said they would likely discuss the mass school closures as well as larger funding problems plaguing the city.
Duggan has "met with several teachers and understands what they're going through," their spokesperson John Roach told CNN. But they don't think that calling in sick is the right approach.
"(The mayor feels) the best thing for them to do is go back to school and teach," Roach said.
Governor: 'Time to act is now'
This isn't just Detroit's problem. It's one for all of Michigan, which took control over much of the city's government due to its well-documented financial woes
One man who has been a frequent target of critics is Darnell Earley, appointed by Snyder a year ago to oversee Detroit Public Schools
Michigan Senate Democrats took a swipe at them in a tweet: "Crumbling #DPS schools are a direct result of damage that can be done by unelected emergency managers."
Crumbling #DPS schools are a direct result of damage that can be done by unelected emergency managers. #MISOTS16 — MI Senate Democrats (@MISenDems) January 20, 2016
Bailey, the teachers union chief, piled on, saying, "If the goal was to destroy DPS, emergency management has done an excellent job."
Before going to Detroit, Earley served as the emergency manager in Flint. They were in that position in April 2014 when Flint's water supply switched from Lake Huron to the Flint River, a decision reversed more than a year later after reports of corroded pipes and elevated blood lead levels.
Earley has said they were not responsible for the decision, only for implementing it after it was approved. Whoever was to blame, Flint still faces a serious health crisis and the costly, complicated task of cleaning up its water and possibly replacing damaged water pipes across the city.
Another person Detroit and Flint have in common is Snyder, the governor who sent Earley to both cities and who is officially in charge.
In their State of the State address Tuesday night , the governor called for money spent on debt service, close to $1,200 per student, to be shifted into classroom funding to give teachers what they need to do their jobs.
"(The) time to act is now," they told lawmakers. "The Detroit schools are in need of a transformational change.
"The state needs to ensure that a complete failure to educate schoolchildren never again happens to this extent in one of Michigan's districts."
'Teachers are fed up and have had enough'
A proposal introduced last week in the state Legislature would appear to find a way of doing that while handling the school system's massive $515 million debt.
It would create a second school district within the city that assumes control over all of its schools and students, while leaving the current Detroit Public Schools system with only the district's debt, said Republican state Sen. Goeff Hansen , author of the proposal.
"It's a high priority. It's an emergency situation," Hansen said.
About $7,400 of school funding is allocated per student each year. But close to $1,200 of that goes to pay down debt and other costs, Hansen said.
Under the proposal, tax revenue would continue to pay off the debt isolated in the DPS system, but the state would gain room to inject additional funding into the new school system.
It has left many teachers worried that Detroit Public Schools will go out of existence, said Bailey, the teachers union leader. Under the current system, funding could run out by April.
Teachers feel pushed over the edge to protest against a litany of resulting troubles. There have been recent concessions. The school district agreed to demands on staff meetings, sick leave accrual and a labor-management committee on curriculum, the teachers union said.
And last week, Duggan ordered inspections of all the city's public schools.
Duggan hopes to have the first 20 school buildings fully inspected by month's end and all of them wrapped up in about three months, according to Roach, their spokesperson.
Yet Bailey says a lot more still needs to be done.
"It's because of the lack of respect that has been displayed toward teachers in this district, the hazardous working conditions, oversize classes, lost preparation periods, decrease in pay, increase in health care cost, uncertainty of their future," they said.
"I could go on and on. Teachers are fed up and have had enough."
A woman was taken to hospital tonight after being attacked by an out-of-control cow which went on the rampage in Lerwick.
The young stot, believed to have escaped from a park in the Seafield area, was first spotted at about 7.30pm on the path at the back of the Clickimin South juvenile football pitches.
The elderly woman was walking along the path when they were attacked and trampled on by the animal.
Onlookers who were watching the under-15 match between Spurs and Rangers described the incident as “incredibly scary”.
Police cars and an ambulance were quickly on the scene and the woman was taken to the Gilbert Bain Hospital.
The animal moved north along the path but shortly after returned. One witness said it charged at the police who threw an iron pole at it with little effect.
It then headed away from the parks and in the South Road, passing St Olaf's Hall before entering Greenfield Place. A man in their 40s was taken to hospital after being knocked down and stood on by the animal.
Both the victims, who were treated for bruising, were later released from hospital
At about 8.30pm the police were trying to corner the beast, and a 4×4 with an animal trailer attached was seen entering the road. Another cow was brought in to try and help the situation.
• More to follow.
Russell Westbrook had a crazy day in their own right. They broke Oscar Robertson's record for most triple-doubles in a season.
If that wasn't already impressive they dropped 50 points doing so. The last three of those 50 points came via a game-winner from way downtown.
That shot didn't just beat the Nuggets ... it eliminated them from playoff contention.
Dang.
Nuggets sadness aside, the Trail Blazers seem pretty damn happy that they don't have to worry about the Nuggets anymore.
Thanks Russ ... you are the real MVP ✊ — CJ McCollum (@CJMcCollum) April 9, 2017
Russ MVP bro. — Damian Lillard (@Dame_Lillard) April 9, 2017
History ! MVP — Jusuf Nurkić (@bosnianbeast27) April 9, 2017
Along with the Trail Blazers, other players in the league seemed simultaneously in awe of Westbrook's greatness.
wow russ. give that man the mvp. — Blake Griffin (@blakegriffin32) April 9, 2017
Just called it, God wrote that script!!!!! Hahahahahahhaahhahahahahahah. That was like a movie.. Give them their trophy NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! — Jamal Crawford (@JCrossover) April 9, 2017
“If you don't like Russell Westbrook as a player, you don't like basketball.”
Congrats on #42 @russwest44, from the TNT crew. pic.twitter.com/Cc5HQb78mW — NBA on TNT (@NBAonTNT) April 9, 2017
Congrats, Westbrook!
A former Qwest Communications International executive, appealing a conviction for insider trading, has alleged that the government withdrew opportunities for contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars after Qwest refused to participate in an unidentified National Security Agency program that the company thought might be illegal.
Former chief executive Joseph P. Nacchio, convicted in April of 19 counts of insider trading, said the NSA approached Qwest more than six months before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, according to court documents unsealed in Denver this week.
Details about the alleged NSA program have been redacted from the documents, but Nacchio's lawyer said last year that the NSA had approached the company about participating in a warrantless surveillance program to gather information about Americans' phone records.
In the court filings disclosed this week, Nacchio suggests that Qwest's refusal to take part in that program led the government to cancel a separate, lucrative contract with the NSA in retribution.  They are using the allegation to try to show why their stock sale should not have been considered improper.
Nacchio was convicted for selling shares of Qwest stock in early 2001, just before financial problems caused the company's share price to tumble. They have claimed in court papers that they had been optimistic that Qwest would overcome weak sales because of the expected top-secret contract with the government. Nacchio said they were forbidden to mention the specifics during the trial because of secrecy restrictions, but the judge ruled that the issue was irrelevant to the charges against him.
Nacchio's account, which places the NSA proposal at a meeting on Feb. 27, 2001, suggests that the Bush administration was seeking to enlist telecommunications firms in programs without court oversight before the terrorist attacks on New York and the Pentagon. The Sept. 11 attacks have been cited by the government as the main impetus for its warrantless surveillance efforts.
The allegations could affect the debate on Capitol Hill over whether telecoms sued for disclosing customers' phone records and other data to the government after the Sept. 11 attacks should be given legal immunity, even if they did not have court authorization to do so.
Spokesmen for the Justice Department, the NSA, the White House and the director of national intelligence declined to comment, citing the ongoing legal case against Nacchio and the classified nature of the NSA's activities. Federal filings in the appeal have not yet been disclosed.
In May 2006, USA Today reported that the NSA had been secretly collecting the phone-call records of tens of millions of Americans, using data provided by major telecom firms. Qwest, it reported, declined to participate because of fears that the program lacked legal standing.
In a statement released after the story was published, Nacchio attorney Herbert Stern said that in fall 2001, Qwest was approached to give the government access to the private phone records of Qwest customers. At the time, Nacchio was chairperson of the president's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee.
"Mr. Nacchio made inquiry as to whether a warrant or other legal process had been secured in support of that request," Stern said. "When they learned that no such authority had been granted and that there was a disinclination on the part of the authorities to use any legal process, including the Special Court which had been established to handle such matters, Mr. Nacchio concluded that these requests violated the privacy requirements of the Telecommunications Act."
Stern could not be reached for comment yesterday. Another lawyer for Nacchio, Jeffrey Speiser, declined to comment on whether the call-records program was the program discussed at the February 2001 meeting.
OK, let's just get this out of the way up top: Johnathan Cyprien spells their first name with two h's and their last name is pronounced “SIP-ree-en”. Let's not let this turn in to another “MAR-ee-OH-tah” versus “MARY-oh-tah” situation. For the record, it's “MAR-ee-OH-tah” as Marcus explains in this video.
Did I just contrive an entire opening to an article just to work in a video of our beloved quarterback? You're danged right I did! Get well soon Marcus.
Anyways, back to Cyprien. They fit in to a pattern of players that Jon Robinson has brought in both last offseason and so far this offseason. They are, by all accounts, a hard-working, team-first kind of guy who loves the game. Cyprien went on the Wake-Up Zone yesterday morning and you can listen to that whole interview here. During the interview they answered a question about the kind of guys that the Titans have brought in this offseason by saying “we are building it on team first, being tough, and being dependable and every guy who is going to be on the field this year and going forward have those three qualities about them”. Sound familiar? It should. It almost sounds like Jon Robinson is standing in front of them holding queue cards. Logan Ryan said almost the exact same thing in another interview. The Titans clearly have a type these days.
Cyprien stands 6'-0” tall and weighs in at 217 lbs. They played their college ball at Florida International and ran a 4.56 40 at their pro day before the 2013 draft. They were touted then as a hard-hitting run stuffing type safety, but most scouts agreed that they were capable of playing deep as well. Matt Miller even gave them a Troy Polamalu comp which is particularly interesting given the coach they are now playing for.
I reached out to Sparkle Kitties Country Big Cat Country writer, Ryan Day, to get a Jaguars fan reaction to us signing Cyprien and their comments were, well, less than flattering towards their former safety:
Cyprien is a bad player. And that's not just “bad for their draft position” bad, they would have been considered bad had they been an undrafted free agent. He's arguably one of the worst draft picks by general manager Dave Caldwell and I was dreading them being re-signed by the Jaguars — even at the veteran minimum. They just doesn't have good football instincts or technique. They miss tackles, they blow coverages, they get in other players' ways, and they couldn't take a good angle to save their lives. They commit stupid pass interference penalties because they didn't have the athleticism to make a play on the ball. And now the Jaguars get to play them twice a season for four years. *giggles uncontrollably*
OK, so that's not the best review, but its not the only take out there on Cyprien either. PFF had Cyprien rated as the 7th best safety in the NFL last year (that's out of both strong and free safeties), one spot ahead of Eric Berry. They also had this to say about them in an article about the most likely players to be overpaid this offseason:
Cyprien showed their potential in the 2016 season, finally reconciling the NFL player with the first-round draft status their college career earned him. The trouble is, though, that the NFL isn't struggling to find that type of player. Closer to the line of scrimmage, Cyprien was excellent this past season, trailing only Giants S Landon Collins in defensive stops, with 38. Cyprien's coverage has been a problem in the NFL, though, and they will struggle if asked to play deeper off the line. Some team will likely fall in love with their impact plays at the line of scrimmage, and Cyprien's 98.8 run-defense grade is the highest we have seen from a safety over the past decade. This brand of play is easier to find than a coverage specialist, however, and likely isn't worth the cost.
I'm not sure exactly how much they thought Cyprien was going to get paid, but I can't imagine they would think the Titans overpaid for them given that we only gave them $7M guaranteed in their 4 year, $25M deal and can easily part ways with them after this season if it doesn't work out. Besides the speculation about possibly getting overpaid, this paragraph describes a very desirable player.
That 98.8 run-defense grade is an incredible number, and that is clearly the strength of Cyprien's game. As PFF pointed out, 2016 was easily their best season as a pro, and it is probably not a coincidence that it was also the first season that they got to play next to a true free safety in Tashaun Gipson. They had previously been paired with the extremely underwhelming Josh Evans. The Jaguars drafted Cyprien to play the Kam Chancellor role in Gus Bradley's version of Seattle's Cover 3 scheme, but Evans' weaknesses too often left them exposed in coverage.
So is Cyprien good or nah? I went back and watched almost every snap that Cyprien played in 2016 to see if I could answer that question for myself. It took forever because they played 1,070 snaps on defense last year which was good for 99.4% of the Jaguars team defense snaps. The dude was just glued to the field. That 99.4% snap percentage was good for 5th in the entire NFL among defensive players according to Football Outsiders, so as much as some Jaguars fans might have hated him, it seems their coaching staff absolutely loved the guy.
The first thing that stands out when watching Cyprien (at least 2016 Cyprien) is that they are, in fact, excellent in run support. That's no surprise given their reputation and that sterling PFF grade, but it really is impressive to watch them do it. They maintain excellent gap control when coming up to run fill and plays like a linebacker. Here is a good example. They read the play, breaks down in the hole, and makes the tackle for a short gain. Pretty vanilla stuff, but he's the best in the league at it.
Here they come across the formation trailing the motion tight end in a man coverage look. As soon as they see the tight end start to pull across the formation they read run and crashes down to blow up the play in the backfield.
This next one is a little more impressive. The Raiders have this play blocked up pretty well, but Cyprien is able to beat the pulling guard and prevent what could have been a much bigger gain from popping. Most safeties would try to avoid the guard altogether and take themselves out of position to make the play, but Cyprien is fearless when it comes to sticking their nose in the play and taking on contact.
This time they are lined up as a linebacker as they did pretty often for the Jags last year. Again, they are able to beat the lead block, this time from the fullback, and make the tackle. He's really good at this kind of stuff. Its a big part of the reason that they have never finished an NFL season with fewer than 100 tackles.
It wasn't all rainbows and sunshine in their tape though. Here is one of the very few plays where they lined up as a single high safety in 2016 and you can see why they stopped using them there. They take a terrible angle and has no chance of catching LeSean McCoy. Now Shady is probably the toughest open field tackle in the NFL right now, but still, this isn't great from Cyprien. They just doesn't have the speed and change of direction to play centerfield in the NFL. They usually look rather uncomfortable when playing in space.
Here is another bad play for him. They do an excellent job of reading the screen and is in position to blow it up for a loss, but they bounce off Eddie Lacy's flubber like midsection and the play goes for a 15 yard gain instead of a 5 yard loss. This would bother me more if missed tackles was something that showed up regularly on their tape, but it really didn't. Also, note the effort on this play after they miss the tackle.  They are right back up and chasing. If you read my breakdown on Stephon Gilmore before free agency began, you know that was something that drove me nuts in Gilmore's film. They would miss a tackle and then just lay there on the ground and watch the rest of the play. Not a concern with Cyprien. Their motor is clearly running at 100% every play which is pretty impressive considering how much they played.
Here is another effort play. Cyprien is to contain defender on the bottom part of the screen. Minnesota runs a dive away from their side and Asiata appears to be stopped, but Cyprien recognizes that they are still fighting for yardage, dives across the pile and punches the ball out. Jacksonville recovered the fumble and this play kept them alive in this game. Its hard for me not to love a guy that makes that kind of play, and it seems like Jon Robinson is planning on constructing an entire team of those guys.
So is Cyprien as bad in coverage as some are making them out to be? Not if you use them correctly. If you put them back as a single high safety, you're in for a long day, but if you ask them to cover tight ends man to man, they can do that all day long. Here are some examples of Cyprien being used to matchup with tight ends in man coverage. The first one shows them lined up in outside leverage against Dwayne Allen. They stick all over Allen through the route and then as a bonus they peel off their man to come up and make the tackle on Frank Gore for a short gain.
Here they are against Kyle Rudolph, who has quietly become one of the better receiving tight ends in the NFL. He's isolated in man on that side of the field with the Vikings showing trips right and using play action to draw the linebackers out of the center of the defense, but they get a good jam on Rudolph and doesn't let them cross their face on the slant. Cyprien has heavy hands in coverage when they jam and does an excellent job of re-routing their man.
Here they are working against Ryan Griffin of the Texans. These two had very physical battles in both matchups between the Jags and Texans last year. Again, they do a good job of getting their hands on Griffin and is able to stay on their hip and get the PBU.
Here is another Griffin-Cyprien rep. This time Cyprien gets flagged for DPI because of that last tug, but you have to be physical against tight ends in today's NFL. They do pick up a decent amount of defensive holding and DPI calls due to some of these grabs, but It's not enough that it should be considered a major red flag.
Here is one last tight end cover rep against Jared Cook. They have good coverage again here, but Aaron Rodgers is still Aaron Rodgers and they beat them with a perfect throw to the sideline 20 yards downfield because he's just really really good at throwing spheroid objects.
Cyprien isn't great when he's left in zone coverage though. They look uncomfortable playing in space and rarely is able to break and make plays on the ball (as evidenced by their 2 career interceptions). Here is an example. This is a little bit of a scheme bust as the Jaguars coverage has left Cyprien to cover 2 players. They bite up on the running back in the flat and gives up the deeper route to Roberts which was the wrong choice.
The Jaguars secondary often looked confused in 2016, especially early in the season. This could have a lot to do with starting three players who were in their first year on the team (Ramsey, Amukamara, and Gipson) around Cyprien. I think it is fair to question how many of the coverage busts that ended up Cyprien chasing after a wide open receiver were actually their responsibility. That may have contributed to some of the Jags fan perception that they struggled since it is always easier to blame the guy who you've seen struggle before than to blame the new guys that you are excited about. Here is an example. Cyprien ends up running after the guy who just caught the easy ball in the endzone, but that wasn't their man, it was 52's. Cyprien's responsibility on this play was to keep contain and chase the boot, but they realize that they have a bust and peels back to try to cover for it. I guarantee you the average Jaguars fan thought “Cyprien blew it” on this play.
Ultimately, I don't think Cyprien is as bad in coverage as they are often made out to be based on their 2016 tape. He's actually quite good at covering tight ends in man and does an excellent job reading and breaking on screen passes. Again, it's not the strength of their game, but it's not terrible either.
I went back and watched a bunch of reps from the Titans secondary last season as well to try to get a feel for how Cyprien may be integrated in to the defense next year. I can see them being an expanded and enhanced version of Daimion Stafford's role. The Titans used three safety sets quite often in 2016, usually featuring Stafford as a nickel linebacker. Since the Titans haven't retained the services of Stafford or Sean Spence (the other nickel linebacker they used last year), I think we can safely assume that Cyprien will get that role close to full time next year (at least as the roster is currently constructed). Cyprien is more than capable of handling those duties on a full time basis and their ability to take on and defeat the blocks of offensive linemen, tight ends, and fullbacks shouldn't leave the Titans exposed in the running game when they go to that personnel package. It's basically the role that the Cardinals have made trendy with their use of Deone Bucannon over the last few years.
The Titans ran a lot of man coverage in 2016 which fits Cyprien's skill set perfectly since they can lock them on a tight end and free up Byard to be used as a true wildcard in Dick LeBeau's secondary. I'm not 100% sure where Cyprien fits in the base defense, but if I'm guessing today I would think they become part of a 3-man rotation with Byard and Searcy for the early down work. Searcy played enough as a single high safety last year that I think Searcy and Cyprien could play together if needed, but if Byard continues to progress like they did as a rookie it will become very hard to take them off the field.
Overall I think Cyprien is an addition that fits in many ways. They definitely should fit in to the culture the team is trying to build first and foremost, but they also will bring a lot of additional scheme flexibility to the Titans by allowing them to use them as a nickel linebacker in addition to a rotational safety. Based on the tape I expect Cyprien's game to thrive as they transition from Gus Bradley's Cover 3 zone based scheme to a more pressing man coverage type scheme like the Titans used last season. It is just a better fit for their skill set. I'm excited to see what they can do in 2017 and I hope they pick Bortles off a few times just to spite Jags fans.
Update: We posted the games link under the assumption that all of the titles were abandonware or freeware, but some commenters are suggesting this may not be the case. We don't have the resources to independently verify either claim, so we have pulled down the link. That said, you can play many of the definite abandonware games online in your web browser at Virtual Apple IIgs. Our apologies for any confusion.
Ready to get your retro game on? Don't miss this massive collection of over 165 classic retro PC games, they're all free to download and they all run perfectly in Mac OS X in little self-contained DOSBox emulators.
All of your favorite old school games are here, from Alone in the Dark, Castlevania, Civilization, Doom, Duke Nukem, Lemmings, MechWarrior, Mega Man, Mortal Kombat, Oregon Trail, Police Quest, Prince of Persia, Quake, Risk, Sim Ant, Sim City, Space Quest, Ultima, Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego, Wing Commander, and so much more. Chances are, if you played it in the 80's or early 90's, the game is on this list to download.
Get them all from AtomicWindMill: Classic PC Games for Mac OS X
According to the host, the games are all abandonware, as they say “Download, Extract, Run & Enjoy!”, so get them while they're hot!
Here are a couple screenshots, but for obvious reasons I won't be posting them for all 165 games:
Great find via @purplelime
It's your last chance to enter the KeyChatter #DreamKeyboard giveaway, to win ANY mechanical keyboard you want! 258 other folks have already entered, so make sure you aren't left out!
GRAND PRIZE
ANY mechanical keyboard of your choice from the KeyChatter mechanical keyboard buyer's guide. Plus, you'll get a custom, handmade in the USA soft keyboard carrying case to go with it – even pick one of our new special edition designs!
2ND, 3RD, 4TH, AND 5TH PLACE PRIZES
A soft keyboard carrying case of your choice, including any special edition design!
LAST PLACE CONSOLATION PRIZE
1 Kleenex tissue
How do I enter??
No purchase is necessary to win. Just three easy steps:
Follow KeyChatter on Twitter Retweet this tweet Tweet me your dream keyboard with hashtag #DreamKeyboard.
Follow @keychatter
The giveaway will close during the day on 2/28/2015 (this Saturday), so don't wait until the last minute.
Full details here: Giveaway: Win your dream mechanical keyboard, courtesy of KeyChatter.com!
Follow @keychatter
Modern Yoda By The Senate on 2015-09-04 18:00:00 The world of Star Wars comes to life with these awesome logos and badges, the kinds of art youâ€™d find on a Star Destroyer. This set is Modernography.
A modern take on designs that could be classic, Modernography covers the whole Star Wars universe from Rebels to the Empire and everything in between.
This is a 19 card set, with a 20th award card and 4 color variants. The next card in the set is "Jedi Master"!
The card counts and odds are as follows:
Red: Available in the Modernography Pack & Modernography Master Pack for the next 48 hours at 1:15 odds.
Gray: Available in the Modernography Pack & Modernography Master Pack with a card count of 3,000 at 1:35 odds.
Black: Available exclusively in the Modernography Master Pack for the next 24 hours at 1:20 odds.
Gold: Available exclusively in the Modernography Master Pack with a card count of 300 at 1:50 odds.
Collect the full set and earn your reward!
CANADIAN player Frank Dancevic hallucinated they saw Snoopy on court before they fainted mid-match on Tuesday in the extreme heat at the Australian Open.
Dancevic collapsed during the second set of their first round match against Frenchman Benoit Paire and said they saw the comic character out on court as they suffered in the conditions.
They were unconscious for almost a minute but managed to return to the court before losing in straight sets.
"I was dizzy from the middle of the first set and then I saw Snoopy and I thought, 'Wow Snoopy, that's weird'," Dancevic said.
News_Image_File: Dancevic saw Snoopy."I couldn't keep my balance anymore and I leaned over the fence and when I woke up people were all around me."
Open officials said the temperature hit a high of 42.8 at Melbourne Park as players and fans sweltered, with the heat expected to continue until the end of the week.
"It's inhumane and I don't think it's fair to anybody when you see players pulling out of matches and passing out," Dancevic said.
"It's hazardous to be out there, it's dangerous.
"Until somebody dies, they're going to keep playing matches in this heat ... and personally I don't think it's fair."
Dancevic said they questioned organisers about the heat policy before their match but was told it wasn't an issue.
"It's not only the heat you're battling with the air temperature, you're battling the heat coming from the court and also the sun so you've got heat coming from all sides.
China's Peng Shuai received a code violation after they vomited and cramped badly on court, blaming the heat for their three-set loss.
"I couldn't run, I couldn't serve so it was impossible for me to play," they said.
Officials played down any health risks, pointing out that no player has ever died from dehydration on a tennis court.
Australian Open tournament referee Wayne McKewen said conditions were hot and uncomfortable but there was no need to invoke the extreme heat policy.
"The relatively low level of humidity ensured that conditions never deteriorated to a point where we needed to invoke the extreme heat policy," they said.
Dr Tim Wood, the Open's chief medical officer, said that the "playing group coped well".
"There were a few players who experienced heat related illness or discomfort but none required significant medical intervention after they had completed their match," they said.
Reeking of decay and packed with bowls of human fingers, a partly burned baby, and gem-studded teeth—among other artifacts—a newfound Maya king's tomb sounds like an overripe episode of Tales From the Crypt.
But the tightly sealed, 1,600-year-old burial chamber, found under a jungle-covered Guatemalan pyramid, is as rich with archaeological gold as it is with oddities, say researchers who announced the discovery Friday.
"This thing was like Fort Knox," said Brown University archaeologist Stephen Houston, who led the excavation in the ancient, overgrown Maya town of El Zotz.
Alternating layers of flat stones and mud preserved human bones, wood carvings, textiles, and other organic material to a surprising degree—offering a rare opportunity to advance Maya archaeology, experts say.
"Since [the artifacts] appear in a royal tomb, they may provide direct insights in the political economy of the divine kings that likely involved tribute and gifts," Vanderbilt University anthropologist Markus Eberl, who was not involved in the project, said via email.
Excavation leader Houston added, "we're looking at a glimpse of lost art forms."
Fingers, Teeth, and a Taste of Things to Come
The researchers found grisly deposits even before they reached the Maya tomb.
Almost every layer of mud above the tomb contained blood-red pottery filled with human fingers and teeth wrapped in decayed organic material—perhaps leaves.
The fingers and teeth were "perhaps a kind of food or symbolic meal offering," Houston speculated. "Sacred breads in [Mexico's] Yucatán are wrapped in such materials today."
In another bowl above the circa A.D. 350 to 400 tombs, the team found a partly burned baby. The bowls closest to the burial chamber were arranged like the Maya cosmos—the four cardinal compass points plus the center of world.
Dancing King and Child Sacrifices
"The chill of the morgue" and "a faint odor of decay" tempered the euphoria of the find when the team finally entered the tomb itself on May 29, Houston said.
Breaking though a side wall of the small tomb, excavators uncovered the remains of six children—a rarity among Maya burials. Nearby was an obsidian blade covered in a red residue that "may be blood," Houston said.
The arrangement suggests the children, some of them infants, may have been ritually sacrificed as the king was laid to rest. (Read about Maya rituals of sacrifice and worship.)
Why the children would have been killed is a mystery, said team member Andrew Scherer, a Brown University anthropologist.
But the youth of the victims hints that their value as sacrifices may have lain in their being, to Maya eyes, on the verge of personhood, Scherer said.
Dig leader Houston added, "[The fact] that at least four appear not to have been able yet fully to speak or walk may put them at that threshold of human existence."
The role of the king in their own burial may be slightly clearer.
The team found bell-like ornaments made of shells and "clappers" made of dog teeth, which were likely placed around the king's waist and legs, Houston said.
The same accessories are seen on performers in a ritual dance depicted in Maya art, suggesting that the king may have been "cast" as a dancer in the ceremony leading to their interment—despite the arthritic joints that give away their apparently advanced age.
Turtle King Tomb a "Gold Mine"
Their teeth embedded with jewels, the buried king, Houston suspects, was the founder of a dynasty at El Zotz, in what's now the Petén region (satellite map) of Guatemala.
According to the partially deciphered hieroglyphics on the tomb walls, their name translates to perhaps Red Turtle or Great Turtle. More information about them may be gleaned from further study of hieroglyphics from the tomb, Houston said.
A small state with no more than a few thousand people, El Zotz lay to the west of Tikal, once among the biggest and most powerful Maya centers (interactive map of the Maya Empire).
The neighboring settlements, though, probably weren't best of friends. El Zotz was likely "supported by the enemies of Tikal in a way to keep a check on Tikal's territorial ambitions," Houston said.
More details on the nature of that relationship—and on El Zotz and Maya life in general—may await decoding in the turtle king's tomb. The excavation team's next steps include residue analysis as well as continued analysis, and reconstruction, of the tomb's textiles and other artifacts.
"This," Houston said, "could be a veritable gold mine of information."
CNN posted a follow-up to their article about the Reddit user apologizing to CNN about making a meme featuring Donald Trump clotheslining Vince McMahan who had their head replaced with the CNN logo. CNN coerced an apology out of an alleged 15-year-old who made the meme and shared it on Reddit. However, it turns out that CNN has admitted that the person they attempted to blackmail into an apology wasn't the one who made the meme that Donald Trump shared on their Twitter account.
In an article published on July 5th, 2017, they acknowledge that the White House has stated that President Donald Trump did not get the meme from Reddit; the White House declined to say where Trump originally found the meme, but an anonymous person who claims to be from Mexico, took to 4chan's /pol/ to claim responsibility for having originally posted the meme on January 12th, 2017.
Unconfirmed: The person who originally made the Trump-WWE meme appears to be an Anon from Mexico.
CNN literally can't do anything correctly. pic.twitter.com/UINmYXigBP — /pol/ News Forever (@polNewsForever) July 5, 2017
Obviously an anon claiming responsibility for a meme is like a discombobulated police officer claiming a yellow taxi in New York committed a traffic violation.
Nevertheless, CNN reporter Chris Cillizza writes…
“On the one hand, we have a detailed analysis of the origin of the GIF, which first appeared on Reddit last Wednesday, and its creator acknowledging they made it. “On the other we have the White House — with no name attached! — insisting Trump didn't get the GIF from Reddit. “Which leaves an obvious question: Where did Trump get it then?”
This has created a serious ethical vortex following on the news that CNN had allegedly blackmailed the Reddit user by threatening to dox them if they didn't apologize. The alleged 15-year-old capitulated.
There had been rumors that the original creator of the meme was from Mexico, but CNN is reporting that the meme that the Reddit user posted was slightly different from the one Donald Trump shared, thus they admit that they may have targeted the wrong person in the supposed blackmail attempt.
With CNN admitting that the White House is claiming that the meme didn't come from Reddit, it does mean that their previous report about the meme-maker is non-credible for as far as information sourcing is concerned. Worse yet is that CNN violated a New York State law in regards to blackmail, but there hasn't been any word yet on if any sort of legal ramifications will follow.
For now, CNN is simply seeing their reputation take a serious hit due to unscrupulous actions of their own doing.
PRINCETON, NJ -- Young adults -- those between the ages of 18 and 29 -- have typically aligned themselves with the Democratic Party, but they have become substantially more likely to do so since 2006.
From 1993 to 2003, 47% of 18- to 29-year-olds, on average, identified as Democrats or said they were independents but leaned to the Democratic Party, while 42% were Republicans or Republican leaners. That time span included two years in which young adults tilted Republican, 1994 and 1995, when Republicans won control of Congress. Since 2006, the average gap in favor of the Democratic Party among young adults has been 18 percentage points, 54% to 36%.
This Democratic movement among the young has come at a time when senior citizens have become more Republican. The broader U.S. population has shown more variability in its party preferences in recent years, shifting Democratic from 2005 to 2008, moving back toward the Republican Party from 2009 to 2011, and showing modest Democratic preferences in the last two years.
Younger Americans Now More Racially Diverse
A major reason young adults are increasingly likely to prefer the Democratic Party is that today's young adults are more racially and ethnically diverse than young adults of the past. U.S. political preferences are sharply divided by race, with nonwhite Americans of all ages overwhelmingly identifying as Democrats or leaning Democratic.
Gallup estimates that 54% of 18- to 29-year-olds are non-Hispanic white and 45% nonwhite, compared with 71% non-Hispanic white and 29% nonwhite in 1995, the first full year Gallup measured Hispanic ethnicity.
In 2013, 62% of nonwhite Americans between the ages of 18 and 29 were Democrats or Democratic leaners, while 25% were Republicans or Republican leaners. That 37-point Democratic advantage, though sizable, is slightly lower than the average 42-point advantage from 1995 through 2013.
But young adults are not more Democratic solely because they are more racially diverse. In recent years, young white adults, who previously aligned more with the Republican Party, have shifted Democratic. From 1995 to 2005, young whites consistently identified as or leaned Republican rather than Democratic, by an average of eight points. Since 2006, whites aged 18 to 29 have shown at least a slight Democratic preference in all but one year, with an average advantage of three points.
Young whites first shifted to a pro-Democratic position in 2006, perhaps because of frustration with George W. Bush and their policies. Barack Obama's presidential campaign also may have attracted younger whites, given the candidate's relative youth, particularly since Republicans nominated the much older John McCain as their presidential candidate. Young whites are not as high on the Democratic Party now as they were in 2008, but they remain more likely to prefer it to the Republican Party.
Implications
Recent decades have brought significant shifts in Americans' political allegiances, in the short term and the long term. While young adults have generally been more likely to align themselves with the Democratic Party than the Republican Party, they are now much more solidly Democratic than prior generations of young adults.
To a large extent, this reflects the increasing racial and ethnic diversity of the U.S. population, particularly among the youngest generations of Americans. And that growing diversity creates challenges for the Republican Party, given nonwhites' consistent and strong support for the Democratic Party. To some degree, Republicans have been able to offset the growing diversity and win elections by increasing their support among Americans aged 30 and older, particularly white senior citizens. But the GOP may find itself in an increasingly weak position against the Democrats unless it can broaden its appeal to younger and nonwhite Americans.
During the offseason, Florida coach Will Muschamp called their putrid tight end group “offensive,” but the unit is poised to be a key component in UF's offensive turnaround this fall.
Virginia transfer tight end Jake McGee, a fifth-year senior who led the Cavaliers with 43 receptions in 2013, is already making an immediate impact in Gainesville.
The 6-6, 253-pound playmaking tight end has developed an immediate chemistry with quarterback Jeff Driskel, delivering highlight catches throughout fall camp.
“He's played a lot of football, so nothing is new to him,” UF offensive coordinator Kurt Roper said.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
“This kid can run and catch. They can flat run and catch.”
Florida's tight ends combined for just four receptions last season, but McGee is slated to be a focal point of Roper's spread offense.
“He's got hands out of this world,” starting tailback Kelvin Taylor said. “He's strong. He's just gonna add a different weapon to our offense.”
INJURY UPDATE
After missing three consecutive practices with a slight hamstring strain, Taylor returned to action Thursday. Florida's top tailback worked with the first team and was not limited. However, backup tailback Matt Jones (knee swelling) remains sidelined, missing their fourth practice in a row.
Meanwhile, buck linebacker Dante Fowler Jr. wore a noncontact jersey for the first time all camp, but Florida's menacing pass rusher is “fine,” according to coordinator D.J. Durkin.
“He did some practice and we held them out some,” Durkin said. “Just precautionary.”
Starting left guard Trip Thurman (shoulder), first-year student cornerback Duke Dawson (shouler) and linebacker Daniel McMillian (undisclosed) all worked out in the pit and did not practice.
The FCC published its proposal to undo the 2015 net neutrality rules today, meaning the public is once again able to go and comment on it.
An early draft of the proposal was published last month. Comments were accepted during the following weeks — as many discovered thanks to John Oliver — but the commission put commenting on pause shortly before its vote. The vote happened last week, the proposal passed, and now we're getting an updated draft and the ability to comment again.
Very little has changed between what was in the proposal a month ago and what's in it today. The document is still a vague, open-ended mess that says very little while asking a ton of questions, giving the commission leeway to do more-or-less whatever it wants when the commenting period closes in a few months.
The proposal asks whether net neutrality rules are needed at all
To sum up in a bit more detail: the proposal, which has the ludicrous title “Restoring Internet Freedom,” says the FCC would like to remove the legal authority (Title II) used to implement net neutrality; it then goes on to ask about what, if any, net neutrality rules should replace the ones that are forced out the door once their legal backing is gone. The commission includes quite a few asides in the text to indicate just how skeptical it is that rules are need at all.
The additions in the past month largely relate to a recent court decision not to rehear a legal challenge to Title II. That decision let stand an earlier ruling that the Title II designation was permissible, though it did so in part because the judges knew the FCC was about to change the classification again anyway. The proposal ignores that , thus far, the Title II designation has been found legal and instead cites from dissenting opinions to poke more theoretical holes in the case for net neutrality.
Now that the proposal has been published, the public comment period has opened up again. The first round of comments is due before July 17th. After that, a second commenting round will be open until August 16th, during which the public is expected to reply to comments filed during the first round of filings.
The commenting process is easy once you know where to go
Commenting takes a few steps, but it's not particularly challenging. Here's what to do:
First, go to this site — it's the FCC's page for filings related to the Restoring Internet Freedom proposal.
Then, click on “Express” in the box on the left of the page. (The other option, “New Filing,” does basically the same thing but presents you with a bunch of additional choices that don't need to be filled out.)
From there, you're pretty much good to go. You'll notice that “17-108” has been filled into the very top box on the page, where it says “proceedings” — leave that there, it's what associates your comment with the right proposal.
The rest of the page is all common sense: you'll need to enter your name and address, and below that is space for your comment. Be aware that this information will be publicly posted on the FCC's website once it's submitted.
The FCC is obligated to listen to the comments it receives and to act in the public interest. But with that being said, the FCC obviously has to pick a side eventually — and the commission has already been tempering expectations by noting that quantity is less important than quality when it comes to net neutrality arguments.
Still, there's a long road ahead for this proposal. There'll be another vote after the months of commenting, and there'll certainly be lawsuits that follow. The FCC needs a public record that reflects the route it ends up choosing, so the millions of comments it receives will in some way or another come into play. And comments will be in the millions: the commission has already received 2.59 million responses.
A Calgary company is involved in a clinical trial attempting to harness the potential cancer-fighting properties of a common weed.
AOR Inc. is developing a specially formulated dandelion root tea that will be tested on patients in Ontario.
"Dandelion has been used medicinally for centuries," George Templeton, director of operations at AOR, told CBC News. "In the last couple decades it's been started to be used for cancer treatments, mostly just through patients self-medicating."
Rachel Jacyszyn, research associate at AOR , says it took a year and a half to come up with the right formulation for the clinical trials. (Jennifer Lee/CBC) The Calgary company, which produces natural health products, was contracted to produce the tea after University of Windsor researchers found dandelion root showed promise in the fight against cancer.
The two groups were connected by a non-profit organization, Mitacs, which helped fund the project.
"We scientifically validated that dandelion root extract has very potent anti-cancer activity," said Dr. Siryaram Pandey, professor of biochemistry at the University of Windsor, According to Pandey, the tea is being developed as a therapeutic agent, not a nutritional supplement.
How the tea is made
After a year and a half of painstaking work, scientists at the Calgary lab have formulated a dandelion tea powder that is six to 10 times more potent than something available at a health food store. Dandelion root is milled, an extract is created and then freeze-dried.
The end product is a fine mustard coloured powder that patients can dissolve in hot water and drink. "We've gone through many trials to find what does work and what doesn't work," said Rachel Jacyszyn, research associate at AOR
"We finally found something that does work"
AOR is now working to produce 6,000 doses of the tea for a clinical trial at the Windsor Regional Cancer Centre.
Dandelion root extract is pictured on the left. At right, the refined and freeze-dried product is ready for consumption as a tea. (Jennifer Lee/CBC) The one-of-a-kind trial, approved by Health Canada in 2013, involves 30 patients with blood cancers such as leukemia and lymphoma who have had no success with conventional therapies.
Dr. Caroline Hamm, a medical oncologist at the Windsor Cancer Centre in Windsor, Ont. who is leading the study,she's seen improvements in some patients who drink dandelion root tea purchased at health food stores,
"Most of the responses that I have seen are very short. but there's a signal there that I think is worthwhile of further investigation," they said.
Hamm expects the trials to start within the next month.
Trump to meet with tech industry C.E.O.s.
President-elect Trump is planning to convene a technology conference next week, according to a transition official who has seen the invitations.
The tech industry was almost universally opposed to Mr. Trump, which might give the meeting a touch of combativeness. Their transition team and cabinet posts draw much more heavily from Wall Street than Silicon Valley.
There is one major exception: Peter Thiel, a vocal Trump backer who is now in New York helping with the transition. Late last week, David Sacks, the chief executive of Zenefits, said they were stepping down amid conflicting reports that they will be working on the transition as well. Mr. Sacks is a longtime associate of Mr. Thiel.
The list of those being invited was not immediately clear, but among those expected are Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, Tim Cook of Apple and Sundar Pichai of Google.
About those Carrier jobs in Indianapolis.
The president-elect's move to save 1,100 jobs at a Carrier furnace plant in Indiana has been a political winner, even if it has raised concerns among economists on the left and the right.
An “active shooter” in Houston who shot nine people was fatally shot by officers, the Houston police announced on Twitter.
At least 9 people were shot near Wesleyan Street and Bissonnet Street were transported to area hospitals, police announced.
At least one victim is in critical condition, and another is in serious condition, police announced. The conditions of the other victims are unknown.
Police say that the suspect was an attorney, and are investigating whether issues at their law firm led to the shooting.
Suspect reportedly a lawyer. Investigation to determine if issues at their firm led to shooting. #hounews — Houston Police (@houstonpolice) September 26, 2016
A bomb squad searched the suspect's vehicle. Police say it had “additional weapons inside”
One witness, Antwon Wilson, told Abc 13 that they were caught in the crossfire. “I literally heard the gunshots past my face,” they told the station. “It's a hard pill to swallow.”
Police believe that the gunman acted alone. There are no reports of other suspects at this time.
According to the Associated Press, the location of the shooting is a strip mall in the southwest of the city.
This is a breaking news story. Check back for updates.
With less than two months until Election Day, both sides in the effort to build a new Rangers stadium have secured key endorsements — with the pro-stadium group getting a thumbs-up from an unlikely source.
The Arlington Tea Party's board of directors Friday offered its support to the drive to replace Globe Life Park with a $1 billion retractable-roof stadium that will go up for a vote in Arlington on Nov. 8.
Under the plan, taxpayers would fund $500 million toward the stadium through hotel and rental car taxes and surcharges on Rangers tickets and parking at stadium events. The Tea Party historically opposes government funding for private entities.
"Every tea party is different," Arlington Tea Party President Dan Fernandez said. "We discussed it, we took a vote, and the majority voted 4-to-1 in favor."
Is London really just Las Vegas with more rain and old stuff? Walking down the average neighborhood main street in London nowadays, you might be forgiven for thinking so. Average shopping streets in the city—and across the U.K. – have become so thick with gambling spots recently that it's now much easier to put money on a horse than, say, buy a screwdriver. To give you an example of the scale of their spread, the London borough of Newham has no less than 80 betting shops (places where you can bet on horse or dog races or sports events), with 18 of them on one street alone . Not everyone is pleased that the U.K. is becoming that classic oxymoron: A gambler's paradise. This week, North London locals are fighting to stop an old pub from being turned into yet another betting shop —a battle that precedent suggests they're destined to lose. Still, the story of the creeping advance of gambling dens across British cities is not one of a national addiction per se. It's really the consequence of a regeneration plan gone wrong.
Gambling isn't new to Britain, of course. It's always been a tolerated part of British culture, where prohibitionists of all stripes have never gained the purchase they have at times achieved in the U.S. The late queen mother was said to enjoy a flutter on the horses, and while that myth has been debunked, it shows the extent of gambling's social acceptability. In Britain, you can bet on almost anything. If any major event is on the horizon—a sports championship, an election, the birth of a royal baby— you can be sure that someone will open a book on the result. Right now, the bookmaker company Paddy Power is taking bets on who murdered Lucy Beale (a character in the TV soap Eastenders), on who might win Ireland's Rose of Tralee beauty contest, and on who will play Holden Caulfield in the movie adaptation of Catcher in the Rye.
Officialdom has actively encouraged this. In 2005 the Labour government stripped casinos of their obligatory membership requirement, starting the gradual development of supercasinos. You're now never very far from a poker table or roulette wheel in any British city. Most of the action still happens in betting shops, which now include high-stakes gambling machines that can swallow your savings in just a few gulps.
The creeping advance of gambling dens across British cities is not one of a national addiction per se. It's the consequence of a regeneration plan gone wrong.
Betting shops have spread like fire through dry brush in the U.K. because of botched recession-recovery plans. Across Britain, retail shops in town centers have been boarded up, losing business to Internet shopping, to big-box retailers on urban fringes, and to reined-in spending habits. Last year, the government hatched a plan to revive these streets. It would loosen planning regulations, so that no one had to apply for change-of-use permission before opening a new business. Displaying a wealthy metropolitan bias typical of British governments of all stripes, the government imagined that a new breed of restaurants and cafés would pop up to lure people back to shop in these denuded strips.
That didn't happen. Instead of chic dangling filament light bulbs and wood-fired pizza ovens, Britain's cities mainly got a truckload of gambling dens and payday loan shops. No effective legal framework remained to keep them in check. The new law has more or less abolished the rights of local councils to control what is opened on their patches, and the result is street after street of gambling spots. In the Tooting neighborhood of South London, for example, there are 23 betting shops. The local council tried to prevent the opening of a 24th, but lost the battle in the courts.
These betting shops remain open because people are using them, of course. I've been one of these people on occasion—I love greyhounds, though not one of them has yet repaid my affection by winning a race I'd bet on them for. Still, even if you don't believe in banning gambling, no neighborhood needs 23 betting shops. It's no coincidence that these places sprout primarily in deprived areas, preying on people's hopes for easy fixes. Bookmaking firms claim that their establishments draw people into an area to shop at other places and thus boost the economy, but there's no clearer sign of an area's desperation than these shops attacking a high street like the retail equivalent of the Bloody Flux. Until councils get the right to halt their spread, things are unlikely to change. I could always see a betting shop from my narrow kitchen window. As of two weeks ago, I can now see two.
Top image by Tupungato/Shutterstock.com.
MIAMI -- Dwyane Wade still cringes as they think back to their initial reaction when NBA schedules were released last summer and they saw the gauntlet that awaited the Miami Heat in the first month of 2016.
Total January games: 17
Total January road games: 12
"It's the toughest [stretch of a] schedule I've dealt with in my 13 years," Wade said on Sunday night. "When it came out, you looked at this month and you were like, 'Whew. That's going to be a crazy month.' So to come out of it -- especially with everything we dealt with and went through -- playing our best basketball, it shows how strong willed this team is at times. We could have gone the other way."
Instead, the Heat survived with a 9-8 mark and are headed north on every front -- figuratively, literally and in the standings too.
Midway through the month, Miami was in the midst of a demoralizing four-game losing streak and barely had eight healthy bodies available to get through games. But today, things are looking up on the Heat's injury status. Wade's bruised shoulders are healing, Goran Dragic is back from a strained calf that sidelined them for nearly three weeks, Luol Deng survived a scary eye injury, Beno Udrih overcame a neck sprain and Josh McRoberts resurfaced from a mysterious knee injury that forced them out two months.
Dwyane Wade had 17 points and eight assists in the Heat's fourth straight victory on Sunday. Steve Mitchell/USA TODAY Sports
That gave Sunday's 105-87 home victory over Atlanta the feeling of a reunion of sorts for the Heat (27-21), who celebrated the occasion with Miami-based super producer DJ Khaled holding a postgame concert on the concourse outside AmericanAirlines Arena. It was a one-game stopover for the Heat, who returned from a five-game trip to play the Hawks and depart again on Monday to face the Rockets, Mavericks and Hornets to open February.
By the time the Heat return home again for Sunday's pre-Super Bowl matinee matchup with the Clippers, they will have played 14 of 16 games on the road. It's a stretch that could have broken the Heat, considering the rash of injuries that piled on top of lopsided losses at one point a few weeks ago. Instead, they've bonded through it and pulled themselves up from eighth to third in the East standings.
They've won four consecutive games for the first time since LeBron James' departure, having failed six different times since the start of the 2014-15 season to extend a three-game winning streak. The Heat didn't need Khaled's beats to help establish any rhythm on Sunday. They've been in one for more than a week after building on wins over the Bulls, Nets and Bucks by cruising to a 20-point lead over the Hawks in the first half.
It almost seems silly that a four-game winning streak would mean so much to the Heat, considering a couple of key components still remain from the Big Three run that featured four straight trips to the Finals, two championships and a 27-game winning streak. But in a post-LeBron era that has largely sputtered through injuries, roster turnover and a 64-66 record, Miami hardly takes incremental progress for granted.
"We wanted to do something different this time," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said of extending the current win streak. "In the month of January, everyone talks about how crazy it is. These are always opportunities to grow or feel sorry for yourself and make excuses. It did not go how we wanted it to go for some of the month, but at the end, we finished 9-8."
And they might only be getting started.
Through injuries and adversity, this team gained a collective appreciation for its individual parts. When Dragic was out for eight games, the Heat's offense collapsed and the ball movement was nonexistent. Miami committed 96 turnovers through the first five games without Dragic, which also coincided with Udrih sitting out three of those games with their neck injury.
"It just seemed like the injury bug was going around the locker room, and it was looking bad for a minute. We're trying to be one of the top teams in the East. To do that, we just had to get over those humps." Chris Bosh
"I told [Dragic] that I probably miss them more than their wife does," Wade said of their backcourt mate two weeks ago during the second of Miami's two lengthy January trips.
But as players returned to the lineup, the Heat's overall performance improved. Dragic and Udrih have stabilized an offense that has averaged 104.7 points over the past three games. Amar'e Stoudemire has filled in better than expected at center for Hassan Whiteside, who has missed the past five games with an oblique injury. Stoudemire is establishing chemistry with Wade on pick-and-roll attacks and set their season highs with 13 points and 12 rebounds against the Hawks.
Stoudemire heads into Tuesday's game in Houston looking to build on their first double-double since they were in a New York Knicks uniform two years ago. The Heat have also restored their dominant level of defense, with Sunday marking the 15th game this season that they held an opponent below 40 percent shooting from the field, which is most in the league.
"It's small victories, especially coming from where we were coming from," Bosh said. "It just seemed like the injury bug was going around the locker room, and it was looking bad for a minute. We're trying to be one of the top teams in the East. To do that, we just had to get over those humps."
On paper, there isn't a stretch in the schedule that appeared more bumpy than January.
Last month's priority for the Heat was to endure the turbulence. Now the aim is to fortify as a team. A month that could have torn them apart has had the opposite effect.
January drew the Heat as close together as they've been since training camp.
Think of The Avengers, the comic series from American publisher Marvel about a motley crew of superheroes who come together to protect the world from the forces of evil. Now, imagine if back in the 1960s, creators Jack Kirby and Stan Lee had found inspiration for The Avengers in Yoruba mythology. Instead of Iron Man, we'd have the warrior Oxaguiã. Taking the place of the blue-eyed, blonde-haired Norse god Thor would be the equally strong and black-skinned Xangô, the ruler of justice — who also happens to carry a hammer. Ant-Man, with their command of insects, gives way to Ossain, who in turn is the king of the forest, the sorcerer and knower of secrets of the plants. And who is Captain America compared with Ogum and their sword, always thirsty for battle?
That's just what 30-year-old Brazilian artist Hugo Canuto had in mind when in August 2016 they reimagined the classic #4 Avengers cover, replacing all the famous characters with Orishas (spelled Orixás in Portuguese), the deities of modern-day Afro-Brazilian religions which trace their origins back to Nigeria and Benin. Hugo is a lifelong fan of Marvel and all-things comic and also a native of Salvador, home to one of the country's largest Afro-Brazilian populations.
They named the title of their spin-off “The Orixás,” mixing both Portuguese and English on purpose, they say. And the day after Jack Kirby would have turned 99 years old if they were still alive, they posted their homage to Facebook.
After receiving positive feedback from their friends (full disclosure: I am personal friends with Hugo), they soon created another The Orixás comic book cover, this time featuring the god Xangô.
“Then it was a bang. A lot of people got in touch praising the whole idea of bringing those characters to the comic universe,” Hugo told Global Voices. In November, they decided to try their luck with crowdfunding, hoping to raise 12,000 Brazilian reais (4,000 US dollars) to produce two comic books of a series they had named “Tales of Òrun Àiyé” — which means heaven and earth in Yoruba.
The idea of a mash-up between the pop aesthetic of American comics and the religious myths of Africa was tremendously popular, and within a week the funding goal was reached. With more money than expected, Hugo, an architecture graduate who had quit a stable public service job in 2015 to pursue their passion for comics, had to hastily think of ways to expand the project. They invited two veteran comic professionals, Marcelo Kina and Pedro Minho, to help with the production. The team then improved the quality of the material, the number of pages and the finishing touches, as well as set better rewards for supporters.
To date, the campaign has raised more than 40,000 reais (12,000 dollars). While posters, each with a different Orisha, are being sold on a rolling basis, the money will fund a print run of two 90-page comic books, each featuring a different story inspired by the Itan — the collection of myths, stories and songs about the Orishas.
According to Hugo, everything will be published independently, with no established publishers involved for now.
The Avengers, but from Bahia
Brazil was at the center of the Portuguese-driven transatlantic slave trade, both before and after Brazilian independence in 1822. Bahia, where the Portuguese settlers first landed in 1500, received alone more than 1.3 million slaves, who came primarily from West Central Africa and the Bight of Benin.
Their rituals and beliefs survived the 300 years of forced labour and extreme violence. Those beliefs now manifest through the modern-day Afro-Brazilian religions of Candomblé and Umbanda, which are an amalgam of various traditions from different African ethnic groups, especially the Yoruba, but also the Fon and the Bantu.
“For someone born and raised in Bahia, the African influence on our culture goes beyond the religious. It affects our habits, our speech, our food. It's part of our identity,” Hugo says. “This is what made me so eager to produce a story inspired by the Afro-Brazilian culture,” they add.
But despite being so embedded in Bahian culture, the Afro-Brazilian religions are still little understood by most of Brazil's population — often facing stigmatization and even persecution by radical evangelical Christians.
For Hugo, a major point of the project is to celebrate these religious narratives that survived time and distance and have become such an important aspect of Brazilian culture:
Acredito que é necessário valorizar um dos pilares do Brasil, que infelizmente ainda sofre com discriminação e preconceitos. Acredito que o público entendeu essa ideia, pois temos muitos depoimentos de professores que falaram sobre o tema levando as artes para seus alunos, ou brasileiros vivendo no exterior que desejam apresentar esse aspecto do país. Sejam eles adeptos ou não das religiões de matrizes africanas, há um interesse imenso.
I believe it's necessary to honor one of the pillars of Brazil, which unfortunately still suffers with prejudice and discrimination. I believe the public understood this idea, as we have heard from many professors who have spoken about this topic, taking our art to their students, or Brazilians living abroad who wish to show this aspect of our culture to others. Being practitioners of African religions or not, there is a huge interest.
The African religions sure provide lots of material for a superhero story. Like Santeria and Voudou elsewhere, Candomblé recognizes a host of deities. They're known as Orishas, who rule over the forces of nature and humanity. All of the Orishas — which number more than a thousand, considering practices in both the Americas and in Africa — have human-like qualities, engage in struggle with each other for power, make mistakes and fall in love.
For the first comic, Hugo says the central character will be Xangô, the god of justice. According to the mythology, Xangô punishes liars, thieves and evildoers. They also had, at different points in time, three wives, who are also Orishas: Iansã, Oxum and Obá.
Canuto, who was living in São Paulo at the time they were inspired to make the comic, moved back to Bahia to research the project. “I dove into studies of the Orishas, not only reading books by renowned authors such as Pierre Verger, Edson Carneiro, José Beniste and Reginaldo Prandi, but also visiting terreiros [Candomblé prayer houses] and talking to religious leaders. All because I want to carry this out with the utmost respect and care.”
Until recently, affordable housing was mentioned only in conversations involving low-wage or unemployed workers—or the homeless. The only groups that focused on rising rental costs were low-income housing advocacy groups.
That has now changed.
For the first time since possibly the Great Depression, the lack of affordable housing is being viewed as a crisis that affects Americans of all ages, races and income groups.
While the US Supreme Court spotlighted the issue in Thursday's ruling allowing parties to challenge housing practices even if they do not (or cannot) prove there was intentional bias or discrimination, the mainstream media is finally catching on as well.
In the last three weeks, the Washington Post, New York Times, and Wall Street Journal have all sounded the alarm about the country's looming affordable housing crisis. In addition, well-heeled non-profit groups—like the foundation recently formed by the former CEO of the nation's largest apartment developer—have begun urging politicians to address the growing problem of rental housing unaffordability.
Growing more somber
Some of the recent media attention on the unaffordability of housing was triggered by the 2015 state of the nation's housing report, just released by the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies (JCHS). While the JCHS has issued a similar report every year since 1988, the latest edition opens with an unusually somber tone about the state of housing in this country.
“Homeownership at 20-year lows,” bellows the opening line of the 2015 report.
By comparison, the first line in 2013 highlighted the “housing market revival,” while the 2014 report only hinted at the growing problems with “single-family slowdown.”
This change in tone was very slow in coming. The 2013 report optimistically reported that “the long-awaited housing recovery finally took hold in 2012.” The 2014 report, while less rose-tinted, still noted that “the housing market gained steam in early 2013.”
The 2015 report strikes a decidedly different and more alarmist tone by emphasizing that the housing recovery lost momentum as homeownership rates continued to fall. This report then chronicles the increase in the number of renters who are cost-burdened and cannot find affordable housing and the number of minority neighborhoods that still have not recovered from the recession.
Who's struggling
While news sources have intermittently reported on housing affordability issues since the recession, what is new about the current affordable housing reports is who is struggling to find affordable housing. It's no longer just millennials or the poor or homeless people.
Prior accounts have described the low homeownership rates of cash-starved millennials who live with their parents because of high student loan debt and low-wage jobs.
The recent New York Times article discusses former homeowners who are now forced to rent because they lost their homes to foreclosure and cannot qualify for a mortgage loan because of blemished credit. Likewise, the Washington Post article discusses middle and even upper-income renters and the fact that many parents of millennials are now struggling to find affordable housing.
The JCHS report explains that homeownership rates for Americans aged 35 to 44 have now dropped to levels not seen since the 1960s. In describing the housing affordability crisis for renters, the report shows that from 2004 to 2014, older Americans (aged 45 to 64) became renters at greater rates than millennials households under the age of 35.
Today's rental crisis
Housing affordability is no longer limited to the lowest-paid workers. The JCHS report stresses that renters whose earnings place them in the highest-income quartile now account for more than 20% of new renters.
Renters are no longer the low-income, working-class Americans typically featured in news reports. Today's rental crisis is now affecting just about everyone but the really rich.
The Wall Street Journal article assumes that policymakers are either blissfully unaware of the affordable housing crisis, or they are unwilling to do anything about it.
Politicians have not been willing to make changes to popular housing laws or policies that benefit upper-income homeowners, like the mortgage interest deduction. And they haven't been willing to provide additional relief to lower-income renters by, for example, expanding the low income tax credit.
Politicians may be unwilling to do anything to solve the affordable housing crisis. But, after these recent reports, they can no longer say they don't know the crisis exists.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
During the early 1960s, conservative Phoenix lawyer William Rehnquist led local attempts by the Republican Party to monitor new African-American and Latino voters and prevent them from casting ballots, according to multiple witnesses. Ronald Reagan later made Rehnquist chief justice of the Supreme Court.
In 1982, the Republican National Committee was forced to enter into a consent decree meant to prevent the GOP from intimidating minority voters. According to the original complaint, the RNC's “National Ballot Security Task Force” purportedly existed to stop voter fraud but in fact aimed to disenfranchise eligible African-American and Latino voters. Despite various attempts in the 34 years since by the RNC to have the consent degree lifted, it remains in effect.
In 2011, as Wisconsin Republicans feared that their candidate was going to lose a critical election for the state Supreme Court, one GOP lobbyist told colleagues that they should “start messaging ‘widespread reports of voting fraud' so we are positively set up for the recount regardless of the final number.” Scott Jensen, a Republican former Speaker of Wisconsin's Assembly, responded, “Yes, … stories should be solicited by talk radio hosts.” Another lobbyist then wrote, “Mike Huebsch should call a face to face meeting for today to decide who is going to do what — make assignments.” Huebsch, another GOP former speaker of the Wisconsin Assembly, was at the time secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Administration.
In other words, bogus claims of “voter fraud” are part of the Republican Party's DNA, and are used as a transparently cynical attempt to justify restrictions on voting that suppress Democratic turnout.
It takes real effort to ignore this, as Republicans often state explicitly that they want fewer Americans to vote. As Paul Weyrich, one of the founding fathers of the modern conservative movement, put it in 1980, “I don't want everybody to vote. … Our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down.”
So don't blame Donald Trump for their preposterous claims that the “election is absolutely being rigged” at “many polling places.” He's merely turning the standard GOP lies up to 11.
Trump has delivered a potpourri of voter fraud rhetoric: That some Americans are going to vote over and over (“people are going to walk in there, they're going to vote 10 times”); that undocumented aliens will vote, presumably once each (“illegal immigrants are voting all over the country”); and that the vote will be fraudulent in some general unspecified way (“the election is going to be rigged”).
Because of this collection of vague threats, Trump has told their supporters that it's “so important that you watch other communities, because we don't want this election stolen from us.” Some followers have vowed to engage in “racial profiling. Mexicans. Syrians. People who can't speak American. … I'm not going to do anything illegal. I'm going to make them a little bit nervous.”
So don't look for Republicans officials to denounce Trump en masse. Most either seem to value their rhetoric as useful lies or are victims of their own propaganda.
For instance, two dozen members of the RNC have affirmatively declared that they agree with Trump. Trump surrogates Newt Gingrich and Rudy Giuliani have as well. Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus has simply maintained a discreet silence, as has Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.
However, it is possible that Trump's gone so over the top that there will be significant mobilization in response.
There is some evidence that the GOP's attempts at voter suppression can actually lead to increased minority voter turnout.African-Americans made up 11 percent of Ohio voters in 2008; state Republicans then cut back early voting, yet 15 percent of Ohio voters were African American in 2012. Reverend Tony Minor, Ohio coordinator of the African-American Ministers Leadership Council, said at the time, “When they went after big mama's voting rights, they made all of us mad.” The same pattern of attempted voter suppression and increased turnout also occurred that year in Virginia, North Carolina, and Florida.
In addition, Wendy Weiser, director of the Democracy Program at New York University's Brennan Center, sees “two silver linings” to Trump's wild accusations.
First, “it has alerted election officials” — both state and local ones and at the Department of Justice — “that they should be prepared for problems on election day.”
Such officials “are on top of it,” Weiser believes, and will be able to prevent any attempts by Trump supporters or others to intimidate voters. “People are preparing and the polling place will be safe.”
Second, Weiser points out, the extremity of Trump's rhetoric has in fact caused some Republicans “who were previously pushing fears of voter fraud to actually concede that voter fraud isn't a real problem.”
For instance, Ohio's Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted told CNN yesterday that “I can reassure Donald Trump, I am in charge of elections in Ohio and they're not going to be rigged.”
Husted was responsible for Ohio's early voting cutbacks in 2012, and then spent years investigating possible voter fraud in their state, finding essentially nothing.  They are currently being sued for purging voters from the Ohio rolls.
Also yesterday, top GOP campaign lawyer Ben Ginsberg pointed out the obvious fact that “Republican election officials control 30 different states in the election mechanisms” and in those states “Republicans want this to be a fair election.”
Ginsberg was national counsel to the Bush presidential campaign in 2000, and ran its efforts to win the post-election Florida recount. In the past Ginsberg has been happy to speak about the “possibility of fraudulent voting taking place.”
For their part, Trump's vanquished rival Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., has flatly stated that “This election is not being rigged.”
Weiser holds out hope that “maybe we will start to see some kind of retreat from this tactical and harmful rhetoric” about voter fraud.
Most importantly, they say, Trump's aggressive stance “should not deter people from going to the polls.” If voters encounter obstacles, Weiser emphasizes, there is help available. “Call 866 OUR VOTE,” they say, the number of the nonpartisan Election Protection coalition. Election Protection can also be reached online via its website, Twitter and Facebook.
Major events such as World's Fairs and the Olympics always provide an excuse for governments to “clean things up” in the host cities before the guests arrive. Police sweep people the leaders consider undesirable, embarrassing or just plain unsightly out of public view (and into jails or exile for the duration). The victims vary with the time and place: the poor, the homeless, unpopular minority groups, drug addicts and gay people have all been among them. The list always includes sex workers; even in countries where prostitution is legal (such as Greece or Brazil) the moralists feel compelled to purge the most visible manifestations of the sex trade from areas where visitors might encounter them. Xenophobia is also heightened by such events, as those so predisposed fear the prospect of strangers coming to town, bringing with them outlandish and alien forms of sin and crime. Together, these two factors may be the origin of one of the stranger (yet more persistent) myths of our time: the idea that some Lost Tribe of Gypsy Harlots, tens of thousands strong, wanders about the world from mega-event to mega-event, unimpeded by the usual logistics of transport and lodging which should make the migration of such a large group a daunting task indeed.
The legend seems to have first appeared in conjunction with the 2004 Olympics in Athens. That's telling because, though the rebranding of sex work as "sex trafficking" was already underway in prohibitionist circles in the late 1990s, the moral panic seems to have begun in earnest in January of 2004. In the months before the Olympics Athenian officials went through the usual cleansing procedure, raiding brothels for largely bogus violations of zoning restrictions. A Greek sex workers' union complained that by making it difficult to work in legal brothels the city would increase illegal prostitution, and this was twisted by European prohibitionists into "Athens is encouraging sex tourism."
By the end of the year, the growing “anti-trafficking” movement was using bad stats to claim that “sex trafficking increased by 95 percent during the Olympics.” Within a few months, anti-sex worker groups made the bizarre prediction that approximately 40,000 women would be “trafficked” into Germany for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Of course, nothing of the kind happened. Despite increased police actions (including raids on 71 brothels), the German authorities only came up with five cases of exploitation they believed to be linked to the event. The Global Alliance Against Traffic in Women, which closely investigated the myth in its 2011 report “What's the Cost of a Rumour?”, was unable to find a credible source for the “40,000” figure; it seems to have simply been made up. But it has doggedly persisted since then, accompanying virtually every major sporting event including the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver, and the 2012 Olympics in London. Despite massive police crackdowns (costing about £500,000 in London), no significant increase in prostitution (coerced or otherwise) has ever been found during these large events.
By 2008, the myth reached the United States, where it became attached to the Super Bowl (taking the place, perhaps, of the fading but equally spurious claim that domestic violence skyrockets on the day of the game). The story in Phoenix that year largely took the form of police statements that they had “received…warnings about an increase in prostitution and [were] prepared for it,” but by the following year police and other officials in Tampa had turned the rumor into a campaign…which bagged exactly one quarry, a 14-year-old pimped by two rather clueless individuals on Craigslist under the heading “Super Bowl Special” (a detail regularly repeated as part of the prohibitionist catechism since then).
The Florida Department of Children and Families supposedly "rescued" 24 other people (though this is unsubstantiated). But that number pales beside the grandiosity of the claims that "'tens of thousands of people'—most of them young girls—[were] sold into the sex trade during Miami's Super Bowl in 2010." Miami was the first instance of the full-blown circus-like hype which has characterized the buildup to the game in subsequent years, where members of “anti-trafficking” groups descend in droves upon the host city to “raise awareness” and “rescue victims”.
Not to be outdone, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott declared the Super Bowl “one of the largest human trafficking events in the United States”; in preparation for the Dallas game (2011) they organized a huge “task force” involving a dozen different federal, state and local agencies, and missed no opportunity to pontificate about "pimps" and Backpage.com. The total haul from all this effort? One would-be pimp who got the idea from hearing the myth on television.
But legends like this take on a life of their own, which cannot be ended by mere facts. By July, Indiana's attorney general, Greg Zoeller, got the Indianapolis Super Bowl bandwagon rolling with the claim that the Texans had actually made “133 separate human trafficking related arrests,” a number obtained by dishonestly representing every vice arrest made in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex during the two and a half week period around the game as a “trafficking” case (the number has since become part of the narrative).
And while the hype around the New Orleans game last year was actually somewhat muted, Cindy McCain, apparently unwilling to wait their turn, is already beating the drum over “human trafficking” for the 2015 Super Bowl in Phoenix. Nor is the myth limited to the Super Bowl any more; in the past two years similar claims have been made about other large football games and sporting events ranging from the Kentucky Derby to the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally to hunting season in rural Minnesota.
The media has been largely complicit in spreading this lurid fantasy, but there have been a few dissenting voices. One is Pete Kotz of Village Voice Media, who interviewed me for “The Super Bowl Prostitute Myth” three years ago, and expanded upon that article for “The Super Bowl Prostitution Hoax” the following year. The latter piece has been quoted in several others since then, such as this year's “The Super Bowl Sex-Trafficking Story That Just Won't Die” (which also references the GAATW report cited above).
Even if such articles weren't easily located with a quick search, all a reporter with a particle of skepticism would need to do is go to Snopes.com, which has listed the story as false since February 2012. But because sex sells and what anthropologist and commercial sex researcher Dr. Laura Agustín calls the "rescue industry" brings in (at a minimum) tens of millions of dollars per year, there are quite a few people in and out of government with a vested interest in keeping the myth going no matter how destructive, absurd, and demonstrably false it happens to be.
There is, however, a glimmer of hope: an article in Canada's National Post reports that some within the “anti-trafficking” movement itself have become disillusioned with the legend:
"There are no statistics whatsoever that show an increase in people being trafficked during these events," said Laura Murphy, head of the New Orleans Human Trafficking Working Group, host city of Super Bowl 2013… "A lot of these numbers that have been popping up for the Super Bowl, we just really don't agree with and we don't know where they came from," said Giselle Rodriguez, outreach coordinator at the Florida Coalition Against Human Trafficking.
While the True Believers can be counted on to ignore anything skeptics or sex worker rights advocates have to say about the issue, they may listen to those they consider fellow travelers. With any luck the Super Bowl Prostitute Invasion story may finally be on the way out, and we can only hope that the “sex trafficking” hysteria of which it is a part will follow closely behind.
Image copyright UK Parliament
Austerity has hit ethnic minority women hardest, Labour's shadow minister for women and equalities has said.
Dawn Butler called on the Chancellor to publish an equality impact assessment of the Budget, ahead of their speech next Wednesday.
The Brent Central MP said Labour would boost income and tackle discrimination.
The Conservatives said figures showed inequality was at a 30-year low and employment for black and ethnic minority people close to record highs.
But Ms Butler said: "Austerity is a failed Tory economic project, which has hit African, Caribbean and Asian women the hardest."
They also claimed that women and ethnic minorities stood to lose the most from changes to universal credit - the new benefit system being rolled out across the UK.
What is universal credit?
They pointed to analysis by the Women's Budget Group and the Runnymede Trust which suggests women living in households eligible for universal credit under 2013 rules will lose £4,406 a year by April 2012 as a result of the combined impacts of changes to benefits, income tax and the National Living Wage introduced since June 2010.
Ms Butler claimed black women stand to lose £5,030 a year.
They said a Labour government would assess all policy for its impact on women and black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) communities before implementation.
To boost income for BAME communities, Labour would raise the statutory minimum wage to £10 per hour by 2020 and introduce an equal pay audit requirement for large companies, they said.
To tackle discrimination in employment Ms Butler said Labour would increase ethnic diversity on the boards of Britain's biggest companies, launch an enquiry into name-based employment discrimination and rollout name-blind skills-based recruitment practices if necessary.
Conservative MP Rishi Sunak said: "Figures from the Office for National Statistics show that inequality is at a thirty year low under the Conservatives, after reaching a record high under Labour.
"Just this week, official statistics also revealed that the Black, Asian and minority ethnic employment rate is close to a record high - more people have the security of a job and a regular pay packet.
"Only the Conservatives will continue to tackle the injustices that hold people back from achieving their potential."
The CWHL will be streaming 14 games for free this season, the first time they've offered a free streaming service all season in the league's existence. The games will be broadcast on CWHL Live via Youtube, though the league says they're in talks with other social media providers to offer them on multiple platforms.
In addition to the 14 games on Youtube, the CWHL is in its third year of a deal with Sportsnet and will broadcast four additional games there this season, including two regular season games, the CWHL All-Star Game and the Clarkson Cup Final. In total, the CWHL will broadcast 18 games, including 16 out of 48 regular season contests.
The two regular season contests that will be broadcast by Sportsnet are the January 21 matchup between the Toronto Furies and the Calgary Inferno and the February 4 contest between Montreal and Toronto, which will also be a breast cancer awareness game.
You can find the list of the dates that the league will broadcast below:
Last year, the CWHL broadcast 38 games through a combination of CWHL Live and Sportsnet, but those who subscribed to the service had to pay $20 for access to regular season games and $10 for playoff games.
Offering the service for free should allow more viewers who may have never seen a CWHL game before to watch without having to pay up front for it.
Oliver Stone gave a remarkable, tense interview on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Monday night in which they appeared very reluctant to say anything negative about Vladimir Putin. Stone was there to promote The Putin Interviews, a four-part Showtime series built around more than a dozen interviews Stone conducted with Putin since 2015. It's a bonkers moment in late-night television—the audience laughed outright at some of Stone's statements about the Russian president—but it's also a fascinating look at Colbert's interviewing technique.
It was clear from the beginning that this wasn't going to be an entirely friendly encounter. Colbert opened with a clip of Putin telling Stone, “Unlike many partners of ours, we never interfere with the domestic affairs of other countries.”
That's a nice howler to see Putin deliver on camera—the smirk they give Stone is amazing—but any thought that Colbert brought it up as an example of one of the telling moments Stone captured went out the window as the clip rolled on to Stone's not-very-piercing follow-up question: “Thank you, sir. We'll see you tomorrow to talk about some heavier stuff.”
After that slightly disquieting choice of clip, Colbert gives Stone an incredibly flattering lead-in before hammering them over the head with a very blunt first question. It's a very well-crafted transition from friendly to tough, even if they do hide behind the “some people say” trope:
We've talked a few times over the years. The last time we were here, about three-quarters of the way through the interview, I asked you a question, you said, “Well, that's a complex subject—I don't know if we want to get philosophical.”
And I said, “I do want to get philosophical.” When I have an Oliver Stone on, I want to talk about politics, I want to talk about philosophy, I want to talk about what is truth, what is not truth—so let's talk about Vladimir Putin. You spent 20 hours with this guy, and you've gotten a little heat. People have said you're being too cozy with him, that you believe them too easily. What do you say to the people who say that yours is a fawning interview of a brutal dictator?
Stone's answer—essentially that politeness mattered because Putin was very busy and Stone needed to maintain their access for the whole two-year project—didn't really make them look great. But things really went off the rails in this exchange, when Stone tried very hard not to answer a yes-or-no question with “yes” or “no.”
Colbert: Do you like Vladimir Putin? After spending 20 hours with the guy, do you trust him?
Stone: I think you should see the film for yourself.
Colbert: I'm just asking you a question. Do you trust them after spending 20 hours with him? I'd like to see the film, I haven't had a chance to see it yet.
Stone: He's a head of state, they have Russian—he has their own interests in Russia. I respect them for that, I understand why he's doing it. He's a strong nationalist …
By the time Stone got to their monologue about how Putin refused to bad-mouth anyone despite being “insulted and abused,” the audience was audibly scoffing, and Colbert wasn't above feeding off the mood of the crowd. “Anything about them negative you found?” they asked as a follow-up, to laughter and applause. “Anything? Anything? Or do they have your dog in a cage somewhere?” The final straw came when Stone suggested that Russia was a convenient scapegoat for people who didn't like Trump. Colbert interrupted him, dropped the “some people say” pose, and spoke for himself:
Colbert: I don't understand why our president will never say anything negative about Vladimir Putin, given that Putin is an oppressive leader of their country who suppresses the free press and arrests their enemies—that is not something that I as an American or a member of the press can respect. And I'm surprised that you do respect that.
Stone: Well, you know I've always been for free speech.
Colbert: Yes, and it doesn't seem like they would be a hero of that.
Stone: Listen, no question he's a social conservative in that way, they believe that [audience laughter] I don't know why you're laughing, but it's—he believes strongly that—
Colbert: Because it seems like a mild description of their behavior. That's why they're laughing.
It's brutal. Stone does make one good point, which is that it's ridiculous to talk about a four-hour film based on a few clips, or even two hours. “What I said is in this four-hour documentary,” they told Colbert. “I think that if you watch it patiently, you'll see that it's developed, it's a film, it has a flow from 2000 all the way to 2017—we went back after the election to talk to them seriously about the election.” They also specifically mentions pressing Putin harder in the fourth episode. It's possible that Stone established a base of trust with Putin before hitting them with harder questions—in fact, that's exactly what Colbert did with their ramble about how great it was to talk philosophy with “an Oliver Stone” before asking them if he'd conducted “a fawning interview with a brutal dictator.” But if that's what Stone was up to, he's been ill-served by Showtime, which sent critics only the first two hours of The Putin Interviews. And he's also been ill-served by Oliver Stone, who ended their appearance with this gobsmacker:
The whole “Has they murdered a man?”—I wouldn't know how to ask them that question, because I don't—I've looked at the evidence too, and if I believed it, I'd go after him.
The follow-up question here is probably “When you say the issue is whether Putin murdered ‘a' man, which one do you mean?” but Colbert, for the first time in the interview, looks completely dumbfounded. “OK,” they reply after a pause. “Well.” Another pause. “Thank you so much for being here!”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Winning almost £8million on the Lotto would send most people into a frenzy of excitement but for grandad Ron Elliot it was all in a day's work.
The kind-hearted widower, 67, told how they scooped the rollover jackpot on Saturday night then calmly went to work the next day at the care home where they look after dozens of vulnerable elderly residents.
Ron also revealed they would continue in their £15,000-a-year role.
They said: “I shall not be retiring any time soon – the old folks need me.”
Ron was watching on TV at their maisonette when they saw their numbers come up.
But there was no way the care home assistant was going to let down the people who depend on him. They said: “I went to work as normal on Sunday.
“The residents are 90 years old and many have dementia. I give them breakfast, do the laundry and housework.”
Ron, whose wife died in a car accident 41 years ago, lives in Sutton, South London.
They bought their winning Lucky Dip ticket at a newsagent's at 6am on Saturday as they walked to the care home in nearby Wallington to start their shift.
The numbers, which scooped £7,959,312, were 10, 28, 32, 36, 37 and 49.
After admitting “I don't think it has sunk in yet”, Ron said they plan to buy a new house in the area, pay off their son's mortgage, and provide a big Christmas treat for the care home residents.
Doomsayers Keep Getting It Wrong on Higher
Minimum Wages In Seattle, unemployment has fallen and business has boomed since the city raised its pay floor.
Bloomberg, October 21, 2016
In 2014, Seattle passed an ordinance to eventually raise the minimum wage in the city to $15 an hour, giving the Pacific Northwest city the highest pay floor in the U.S.
The ink wasn't even dry on the wage legislation when the dire warnings of economic collapse began. Unemployment would skyrocket, economic growth in the state would be hurt, restaurants and small businesses would close en masse. The deserved punishment would be swift and harsh.
But a funny thing happened on Seattle's way to economic collapse: the city thrived. Restaurants didn't close — they actually prospered — and new restaurant openings rose. Unemployment fell, most recently to less than 4 percent, more than a full percentage point lower than the national rate. By all accounts the city on the Puget Sound is booming.
How did the doomsayers get it so wrong? As in so many other cases ofpolitically motivated economic analysis, this was what the opponents hoped would happen because it fit with way they think world should work. But given what we know about Seattle (more on that in a bit) higher minimum wages can improve workers‘ living standards and stimulate the local economy.
Blame a fundamental misunderstanding of minimum-wage economics and, of course, good old-fashioned political bias. There have been repeated attempts to misread the data and conclude it has hurt employment, but so far none of this research has withstood scrutiny.
Much of the history of the debate on minimum wage traces to a famous 1993 paper by Alan Krueger and David Card that looked at what happened to employment in the fast-food industry when minimum wages were raised in one market but not in an adjacent market. They found no reduction in job growth in the market where pay was increased; in fact, the opposite happened. The economic lesson was that modest increases in minimum wages don't hurt employment, and tend to increase economic activity.
Why did so many economists get this wrong? They looked at the micro and ignored the macro. In the basic model of supply and demand, an increase in the cost of something reduces demand. This may be true in an isolated laboratory setting. But when minimum wages went up in the real world, it affected not just the parties to that transaction, but the regional economy. By considering only the relationship between employer and employee, the dismal-science set was focusing too narrowly. The critics failed to consider the impact of lower-wage employees earning more money; these folks typically spends almost everything they earn, which means that when they're paid more it goes right back into the local economy.
Krueger and Sands' conclusion has been confirmed by subsequent studies, and has withstood the test of time as a research finding.
But before we start cranking up minimum wages everywhere, there are some qualifiers that need to acknowledge: Seattle is a major boomtown, with some of the most dynamic and vibrant companies and industries in the nation. It not only is one of the fastest-growing cities in the country in terms of population gains, it also has one of the fastest-growing incomes of any city, with median household income of more than $80,000.
We're not talking Detroit here.
Other cities that have raised minimum wages — San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles and Portland, Oregon — are also in the higher-paying economically prosperous coastal regions. When minimum wage increases are implemented intelligently, it is a relatively minor issue for the local economy to absorb the added costs. As I have noted before, it often works out to be a net positive. We have even seen some evidence that raising minimum pay is working to the advantage of Wal-Mart.
Some time ago, I suggested that we would eventually learn whether higher minimum wages were going to kill jobs. The early data is in, and so far it doesn't look like they do.
AMELIA ISLAND, Fla. -- The dysfunction that greeted the ACC during its spring meetings over the past several years was replaced with an odd feeling this time around, a sense that even commissioner John Swofford noticed as they looked across the room.
Normalcy.
All 15 schools represented in these meetings are league members moving forward, giving the ACC added momentum as it heads into a new era in college football. Perhaps that is why it was so easy to come to a scheduling decision that had been years in the making. There are no more doubts, no more questions about where this league is headed.
Aside from the lingering question about legislation to change how conference championship games are governed, this league has set its course into the future, a course it believes will allow its teams to thrive and contend for national championships.
That course means staying with eight league games, but adding a requirement that all schools must play at least one power-five opponent per season. That course meant minimal discussion on changes to divisions in order to see how the current scheduling model plays out. That course meant focusing on the future, and building off the football success the ACC had a year ago.
Indeed, the league went into these meetings facing all these critical decisions. There almost seemed to be a requiem for change, with the College Football Playoff coming, strength of schedule taking on greater importance and general unease about cross-divisional scheduling. The ACC could have radically changed. Instead, it opted to stay the course.
Who can blame the league, really? What the ACC did last season worked, as Florida State won a national championship and Clemson made the Discover Orange Bowl. A five-game scheduling partnership with Notre Dame will only enhance schedules in the ACC. There was no real need to change.
Not yet, anyway.
“We have a lot of momentum from a league standpoint and specifically a football standpoint,” Swofford said Thursday as the spring meetings wrapped up. “It makes a world of difference to win a national championship, but along with that to have Clemson beat Ohio State in the Orange Bowl. We spent some years not doing well in the BCS and we finished with three straight wins in our BCS games. The national championship was terrific, but that additional win over Ohio State really complements the national championship aspect of it, and having 11 bowl teams.”
Now comes the wait-and-see approach on multiple fronts. The ACC and Big 12 have submitted legislation to the NCAA, asking that leagues with 12 teams and two divisions no longer be required to hold conference championship games. An answer is expected in August, and Swofford believes the legislation will pass.
But that does not necessarily mean the ACC will change its championship game setup. Views are mixed among athletic directors on whether the current division champion model should be kept in place, or whether divisions should be scrapped entirely to create opportunities to play league opponents more frequently and have its two best teams play for the league title.
“I don't think people should necessarily interpret our pushing this forward to mean we'd definitely change what we're doing but it would give us the flexibility to,” Swofford said. “If that occurs, we'll have a thorough discussion about it.”
So why push forward legislation at all?
“As much as anything, it's the principle of the thing,” Swofford said. “We feel conferences should have the freedom to make that decision.”
The league also must take a wait-and-see approach on how the College Football Playoff committee ends up evaluating the strength-of-schedule component. Will eight league games plus one nonconference game against a power-five team be viewed as challenging enough when it comes time to selecting the top four teams?
“That remains to be seen,” Boston College athletic director Brad Bates said. “We're entering in the first year of the playoffs and we'll see what is rewarded ultimately on the back end of it, and I think that's going to shape people's philosophy on how they approach scheduling in the future.”
The ACC may very well change somewhere down the line. But for now, going with what is known is the best philosophy to have. Normal probably never felt so good.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Premier Kathleen Wynne and Mayor John Tory joined thousands in Toronto today in celebrating the 39th annual Khalsa Day Parade.
Held in commemoration of the Sikh new year, the Khalsa order of Sikhism and the end of Sikh heritage month, this year's event also celebrated the 350th anniversary of the birth of Sikh Guru Gobind Singh.
In memory of the four sons of the guru, the event also chosen to raise funds for Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids) for the first time.
This year's parade started at Exhibition Place and concluded at City Hall's Nathan Phillips Square where more than tens of thousands are estimated to have taken part in the celebration.
The poor weather didn't dampen the turn out.
"We were not expecting the turnout," Dr. Parminder Singh, a director on the council that organized the event told CBC Toronto. "Essentially all of the Sikhs in Ontario are gathering here today."
Thousands took part in the 39th annual Khalsa Day Parade on Sunday. The event marks the Sikh new year, the Khalsa order of Sikhism and the end of Sikh heritage month. (Martin Trainor/CBC)
In addition to appearing at the event, the prime minister also spoke to the revellers and celebrated diversity in Canada
"This is just a wonderful time to celebrate the fact that Canada is a country that is strong not in spite of our differences but because of our differences," Prime Minister Trudeau said.
The mayor also built on the theme of diversity when they spoke to the crowd.
"The city embraces and celebrates what is good in every faith and every culture," Tory said. "Diversity has helped build a society that is as harmonious as it is diverse."
When I quit my job 7 years ago to go freelance as a web designer, I thought I was finally free. But what I soon realized was I actually didn't have nearly as much freedom as I thought I would.
After my first year of freelancing, it dawned on me: I'm not making money when I'm not at my computer, billing for my time. Even as I raised my rates, I found it was difficult to level up my business when I'm the only one doing all of the work.
I thought, maybe it's time to start growing my team and scaling up. So I began to outsource some of my work. And that's when I ran into trouble…
Common outsourcing pitfalls
I slammed into many of the same pitfalls that most freelancers run up against when they begin to outsource for the first time. If you've dealt with any of these, then let me tell you: you're not alone!
Pitfall 1: It's faster to just do it myself
Almost every time I delegated a task to someone I hired early on, it only took a day before I backtracked and just did it myself. Sure, the task got done, but I was back in the same place I was before: w orking solo and stuck doing everything myself.
Pitfall 2: The person I hired did a poor job and/or didn't deliver on time
In the beginning, this happened to me constantly. A web page was not coded properly, or a PSD mockup design didn't meet the standards I had hoped for. So I'd pay the freelancer, then re-do the work myself. Now I'm not only doing the work myself, but I'm paying for it!
Pitfall 3: I hired someone, but I don't have enough work to keep them busy
I was so excited to hire my first virtual assistant, so I could delegate all of the low-level tasks that take up so much of my day. But once I brought them on, I found myself spending even more time just thinking up things to keep them busy. That alone, made me even busier!
Over the years, I learned lots of things the hard way when it comes to outsourcing and growing your team — especially as a freelancer, bootstrapping your business from the ground up. So for the rest of this article, I'm going to share the key lessons I learned, to help you avoid some of the same mistakes I made.
Position your service as a product
Before you can begin hiring, there's a lot you must do to prepare. If you want to grow beyond just a one-person operation, it will require a fundamental shift in the way you approach your work, and your business.
I strongly advise freelancers who are looking to scale up, to move toward productizing your service. I don't mean go and build the next big software product. That's a huge leap to make, and will require lots of experience in order to gain traction. But positioning your service as a product is a much smarter first step toward growing into a more scalable business model, which can ultimately be run by a team.
When you productize your service, what you're really doing is establishing predictability.
You're going from taking on projects of different shapes and sizes, implementing all sorts of different solutions for different types of clients, to a more predictable, repeatable service. The more you deliver the same service, the more predictable the process is, and the easier it will be to train a team to carry out some (or all) of the tasks.
It wasn't until I productized my service that my struggles to keep my employees busy went away. The business had clearly defined processes that needed to be carried out on a weekly basis, so it made sense to hire (and keep) people for these jobs.
Document processes
Documentation is one of the most important things you can do to help your business prepare to grow. Without well documented processes and instructions, training and working with your first teammates will always be an up-hill battle.
In the beginning, when I used to outsource parts of client projects to a freelance web developer or designer, I went above and beyond to document exactly what I needed them to do, how I expected it to be delivered, and by which date.
Over time, as my business transitioned into a productized service, these documents became our standard operating procedures. These are like the engine behind our whole operation. Without our procedures, the business wouldn't run, at least not without me doing all of the work!
If there's one thing you can do to get closer to being ready to hire and delegate work off of your plate, it's documenting your process for how you work.
Here are some tips:
Focus on the tasks that are repeatable (you do them every week, or every month);
start simple! Just jot down a few basic steps you take to complete a task;
over time, you can (and should) add more detail to your procedures. Improve them as you find more efficient ways to carry out a task;
add screenshots and notate them. My team finds this very helpful.
Keep in mind, documenting procedures is a lot of work, and it will take a lot of time, especially in the beginning. But you're investing this time up-front so that you can ultimately remove things from your plate. It's well worth it.
Your goal is to craft procedures that will make your teammate's jobs infinitely easier and position them for success.
What will you do with your time?
Your ultimate goal as you bring on your first teammates is to free up your own time, right?
So what will you do with your free time, once you've successfully delegated the tasks you used to be doing? It's very important that you give this some thought sooner rather than later. This way you can leverage your time effectively to grow your business further. That's how you'll see a return in investing in hiring your team.
I see two ways freelancers can go with this:
1: You can focus more on your craft
Early on, I was in this camp. As a freelance web designer, I wanted to stop doing the things I didn't enjoy, like back-end coding and inputting content, and more of the things I did enjoy, like wireframes, design, and CSS. So I outsourced the things I wanted to get off my plate so I can focus more on design.
2: You can scale up and grow the business
I eventually transitioned toward this route. As I productized my service, I no longer wanted to outsource only parts of the operation. I slowly and methodically outsourced every task in our service. Now my main role is to work on the bigger picture vision, the marketing, and helping our team work more efficiently as the business grows.
Common questions about outsourcing
Now let's talk specifics. I hear a lot of these questions from people on my newsletter and folks I speak to at conferences etc. So lets cover them one by one.
Should I hire a specialist or a jack of all trades?
I don't recommend hiring a jack of all trades, or trying to ask someone to do anything and everything in your business. I made this mistake early on, and it resulted in unfocused and unproductive work.
If you need development work done, hire a developer. Need a Photoshop mockup? Hire a designer. Sure it's helpful if they have some crossover experience, but you'll have a much more polished finish product if you have an expert specialist for each role.
Should I hire locally or remotely?
I strongly prefer remote workers. Even though I work in an office space now and I have the room to bring in a teammate or two, I've always found it challenging to find the perfect fit when hiring locally.
Hiring remotely opens up a worldwide talent pool to select from. Plus, you can take advantage of the worldwide marketplaces like ODesk, or Elance. If you're hiring web designers/developers, I also recommend AuthenticJobs.
Should I hire overseas or domestic workers?
I have always (and continue to) work with a mixture of both. Each has its advantages and disadvantages, depending on the role you're hiring for.
There are also some very common misconceptions. Hiring overseas in places like the Philippines and India is commonly associated with low quality, unreliable, and flaky results. I certainly have worked (briefly) with less than desireable workers, but I also found some of the best, brightest, and most talented teammates I could ever ask for overseas.
Hiring domestically might make more sense if you have the budget for it and you need a teammate with a higher level of experience. It also might help in situations where the person will be client-facing in person or over the phone or skype.
Should I hire contractors, part-time, or full-time employees?
As a freelancer working on a project-by-project basis, a temporary contractor makes the most sense. It's easy to budget for the cost of hiring a contractor when you know exactly how much you'll be making on the project.
But as you begin to attract a consistent stream of work, or if you've productized your business, it might make more sense to transition a contractor over to a regular weekly part-time schedule. I prefer this route because I like to build a long, strong working relationship with each of my teammates, rather than constantly jump from contractor to contractor.
I don't recommend hiring a full-time (40 hours/week) until the need is there. When you're bootstrapping, you can often make do with having a worker work 20–30 hours per week for a while. This might also be preferable for them as well, if they're balancing other obligations like other clients, a family, or a side project.
How can you be sure that a new hire will work out?
First and foremost, I always look for people with outstanding communication skills — no matter which role I'm hiring for. A great communicator will always be a fast learner and often cares more about their work.
During the hiring process, I recommend a multi-tiered interview. Start with a few questions over email to guage their written communication style. Then move to a Skype video interview. I sometimes do two or more video interviews with candidates as I narrow down the shortlist.
Another way to ensure it will work out is to start with a (paid) trial period or a trial project. Although I call this a “trial” project, I often give them a piece of a real project to work on, but something low-priority. First, at least something productive will get done, and second, I get a sense for what they're really like to work with when “when it counts.”
You'll never get it right the first time
If there's one piece of advice I hope you come away with from this article it's this: you'll never get it 100% right the first time you outsource. Like anything else, it requires lots of trial and error before you learn what works and what doesn't in your particular situation.
Just remember, your goal is to remove yourself and gain more freedom. So it's worth the long journey into outsourcing to get there!
Featured image/thumbnail, network image via Shutterstock.
By
MarilynJean Interactive Inc (OTCMKTS:MJMI) really took the OTC Markets by surprise this month in more ways than one. Shares were steadily climbing up the charts on the back of the strength of the company's tie-ins with Bitcoin. OTC Markets had no warnings on the ticker and everything looked normal, except it was not. On August 26, the SEC hit the company with a trading halt. Now investors are asking what's next.
On August 26, the SEC came out and said:
It appears to the Securities and Exchange Commission that there is a lack of current and accurate information concerning the securities of MarilynJean Interactive Inc. (CIK 0001504464) because of concerns about recent, unusual and unexplained market activity in the company's common stock. MarilynJean Interactive Inc. is a Nevada corporation with its principal place of business located in Henderson, Nevada. Its stock is quoted on OTC Link (previously “Pink Sheets”), operated by OTC Markets Group Inc., under the ticker: MJMI. The Commission is of the opinion that the public interest and the protection of investors require a suspension of trading in the securities of the above-listed company. THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED, pursuant to Section 12(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that trading in the securities of the above-listed company is suspended for the period from 9:30 a.m. EDT on August 26, 2016, through 11:59 p.m. EDT on September 9, 2016.
While we commend the SEC for taking action, we have to ask – why did they allow the company to trade in the first place and allow investors to get sucked in? It's like letting the thieves rob the bank first and then putting in an alarm system. It makes no sense! Maybe what got the SEC's attention was when the company said that it intended to leverage its Bitcoin exchange expertise and use of the Blockchain to potentially conduct a securities offering via the Internet. If approved, the company could conceivably issue shares on behalf of third parties who had also obtained SEC approval.
Making matters worse is that it turns out MJMI is part of the same group that's been doing the same thing over and over again. MJMI is one of Elite Penny Stock Group's picks. For those that are not familiar with Elite, they are the most powerful newsletter group on the OTC markets. Their websites include finestpennystocks.com, smartstockchoices.com, smartstockwinners.com, BestAmericanStocks.com, and many others. What made Elite so powerful is that they have a massive database of names and followers. They even have other newsletters following their picks and then trying to pass off Elite picks as their own. Elite will blast their list several times a day trying to get as many buyers into their stocks as possible.
What Elite has been doing lately is using new websites and sending out recommendations under new newsletters. The advantage here is that OTC Markets and due diligence sites like Insider Financial don't know that it is Elite behind the stock. They know that if anyone picks up the association with Elite, the party is over. The last Elite pick that we identified was Golden Edge Entertainment Inc (OTCMKTS:GDEE) early last month. As we said about Elite:
Unfortunately, Elite has left a trail of victims that only the Wolf of Wall Street can admire. Their last picks have been Broke Out Inc (OTCMKTS:BRKO), Cloudweb Inc (OTCMKTS:CLOW), AgriEuro Corp (OTCMKTS:EURI), America Resources Exploration (OTCMKTS:AREN't), and Midwest Oil & Gas Inc(OTCMKTS:MWGO). Here's a quick recap. BRKO got halted. EURI, AREN't, CLOW and MWOG all left investors holding the bag.
At one point, MJMI had a market capitalization over $75 million. In looking at the latest financials, we see ZERO revenues, a quarterly net loss of $15k, $11k in cash, $13k in total assets, and $525k in total liabilities. What will happen next is that the halt should be lifted on September 9. From there, MJMI will trade on the Grey Sheets. We will be updating our subscribers as soon as we know more. For the latest updates on MJMI, sign up below!
Disclosure: We have no position in MJMI and have not been compensated for this article.
MarilynJean Interactive Inc (OTCMKTS:MJMI) Climbs, Then Crashes
As we continue to contemplate the whats, whys, and howwwwwwwws of the election of Donald Trump, Trevor Noah took the opportunity to lay into Nate Silver, the statistician whose FiveThirtyEight had been forecasting a Hillary Clinton victory for months. Will the following clip from last night's Daily Show help you understand and accept Trump as your president? No it will not. Will it provide a few minutes of much-needed catharsis, as Noah at one point jokingly threatens to choke Silver? It just might!
For several minutes, Noah took not just Silver to task, but the polls their forecasting relied on (how are they “some of the best polls” if they failed to indicate Trump's imminent win?). They questioned Silver's credibility. At one point, remarking on the once-reliable Silver's method, Noah asked, exasperated, “What is the point?” It's a great question for this uncertain time.
Asked about whether Trump will live up to their draconian promises like building a wall at the U.S.-Mexico border, Silver predicted, “I think Trump's going to be obsessed with their polling numbers, their approval rating, and if they detect public pushback against their agenda, they might abandon things pretty quickly.” Hmmm, Silver would say that.
The University of Wisconsin agreed to a 10-year deal with Under Armour on Friday worth a total of $96 million in cash and the retail value of products received.
The deal will begin on July 1, 2016, after Wisconsin's 15-year relationship with Adidas comes to an end.
Under Armour founder and CEO Kevin Plank said the deal with the Badgers is both sentimental and strategic.
"The first big account that I ever sold product to was Eastbay based in Wisconsin," Plank recalled. "It's also strategic in that when we look at our e-commerce business we see a tremendous amount of orders coming from Wisconsin zip codes."
While the name of the uniform game seems to be to make bold, flashy statements, Wisconsin is yet another school, much like Notre Dame, that will not participate in a complete makeover, Wisconsin athletic director Barry Alvarez reaffirmed at Friday's news conference announcing the deal.
Wisconsin is the fourth big school to leave Adidas over the past couple of years. Notre Dame jumped to Under Armour, while Nike took Michigan and Tennessee. Adidas notably picked up Arizona State and Miami as part of its strategy to align itself with what it sees as speed-based teams.
Wisconsin is the third team Under Armour will have in the Big Ten, joining Plank's alma mater Maryland and Northwestern.
"I wish I did this deal eight years ago," Plank said. "To have the privilege to have the team run out in our gear in front of 82,000 rooting for us is a whole different proposition than any other category."
Under Armour also has deals with Auburn, Boston College, South Carolina, Texas Tech and Utah.
IDNA, from apelab, is a new experiment in spatial storytelling. Image: apelab It's a tablet-based movie that makes you the viewer and the director. Image: apelab By moving the tablet around as the animation unfolds, you can explore the narrative world however you like. Image: apelab In essence, you decide what parts of the story to follow. Image: apelab The tablet becomes a window into an immersive, 360-degree world. Image: apelab But it's more than just looking: Where you focus your attention determines which branch of the narrative you'll follow. Image: apelab Stereo sound cues draw viewers to important action in each scene. Image: apelab Image: apelab
What's harder than democratizing the arts, though, is using these tools to push them into new territory entirely, and that's exactly what makes a new spatial storytelling concept from the Swiss studio apelab so intriguing. By letting users explore animated scenes in 360 degrees, it creates a new type of experience–one where the person holding the tablet is both viewer and director.
>The person holding the tablet is both viewer and director.
Emilie Tappolet and Sylvain Joly, the designers behind the project, say the idea was born from a familiar childhood fantasy. "As movie addicts, we were always dreaming of seeing beyond the limits of the screen," Tappolet says. Their app, currently in prototype, redefines both the familiar formulation of a "movie" and what it means to watch one.
The story, IDNA, brings the viewer to a near future where genetic code is used as a means of control by a sinister, shadowy government. But instead of serving as screen on which the story plays out, here your tablet instead acts as a window into this world. The narrative world surrounds you in 360 degrees–it's up to you to decide where to look. In that way it's a bit like today's immersive video games, but the key difference here is that there's nothing for the viewer to control. "The spectator here is a witness," Tappolet explains. "He is not a character or an avatar."
This sort of open-ended spatial narrative required solving some tricky problems. You don't want your viewer gazing up at the sky while all the action's happening down at eye-level. For their own foray into spatial storytelling, the folks at Motorola's moonshot division had a simple fix: The story doesn't move forward until you refocus your attention on the main event.
At apelab, they're trying some other things. One is sound. By taking care to spread sound effects and dialogue throughout the stereo field, headphone-donning viewers can distinguish between a scuffle up in front of them, say, and a person creeping up behind them. Then they can choose which they'd rather watch.
But that choice is important. Tappolet and Joly plotted the film so that the story plays out different depending on where you look, taking you down one path of a branching series of narratives. It's like a choose-your-own-adventure without ever being explicit about the fact that you are, in fact, making a choice. "There are no pauses," Tappolet says. "No physical interface to make the choices. You watch the movie depending on your own affect and sensibility, following the characters or elements you are drawn towards."
>It's up to you to decide where to look.
Only at the end do you realize you've really just seen a fraction of the story–the most curious can start from the top, following different characters and watching the action unfold from different perspectives. "You can explore this story world for a long time," Tappolet explains. "Some subtle elements in the scenes can lead you to places you'd never thought of."
In its current unfinished form, the animation runs six minutes–holding an iPad up to your face for much longer gets exhausting, the developers found. Plus, in their early demos, they've discovered that their novel story had a somewhat surprising effect on viewers: People couldn't help themselves from running around while they were watching it.
As they plan their crowdfunding campaign to put the finishing touches on IDNA, Tappolet and Joly's active audiences gave them an idea for their next project: a variation on the theme where the animated world actually forces you to walk around in your real one. Say, at some point during the story, you'd see a door floating up on some unreachable plane. As the designers imagine it, you'd have to find an elevator, a staircase or some other thing to climb on in real life to move the story forward. The idea is that, instead of moving you through a world and giving you freedom to view it in 360 degrees, they'll give you the freedom to explore 50 meters of narrative world, all through the porthole of your iPad. Assuming, that is, you can find a staircase.
Since it's the big day, WrestleMania Sunday, let's do something special of our own! The world exclusive (extreme) cover reveal for WWE's incoming ECW DVD and Blu-ray.
As we reported yesterday, WWE recently decided to change the theme of this release from a ‘Best of ECW' style, to the now unreleased match focus. The previous title and concept of “Biggest Matches in ECW History” was changed to ECW: UNRELEASED – Volume 1.
So, here's an exclusive first look at both the DVD and Blu-ray cover art, which features Bam Bam Bigelow and Shane Douglas. Tommy Dreamer and Tazz are on the spine.
Sensational, Shocking and Over-The-Top!, the set is billed as featuring never before released matches in ECW history. It will be hosted by “the voice” of ECW, Joey Styles. Speaking of Joey, he's confirmed via Twitter that this release will include only original ECW footage.
ECW: UNRELEASED – Volume 1 will be released within the US on June 5th, 2012. It's available to pre-order on DVD and Blu-ray formats by clicking here.
Keep an eye on Silvervision.co.uk for UK/Europe's release time and the content listing.
Comment below with your thoughts on the new ‘unreleased' theme and the cover…
…and to all the WWEDVDNews readers; enjoy WrestleMania 28 tonight!
Window shopping a rainbow's worth of makeup shades can be one of the most visually satisfying activities! Ulta Beauty shared a sneak peek into Urban Decay's new Nocturnal palette, which includes 12 luxurious shades of eyeshadow (for every possible mood) and four brand-new Vice lipstick shades. Now you can kick off 2017 with a full arsenal of moonlit makeup looks to properly express the glamorous insomniac living inside of you.
If you're going to regularly dance your way into the early morning hours, this collection will only amplify your sleepless persona! You'll have endless options to don one of the many generous shades provided in the Nocturnal Shadowbox.
Also, the name Nocturnal Shadowbox definitely sounds like a villainous creature from a lost Harry Potter book.
Maybe when you apply it to your eyelids you gain bat-like flying abilities.
The Nocturnal Collection will be available exclusively through Ulta Beauty starting January 15th! So you have time to gather your dollars and set your eyes on what you want the most. You can snag the collection in Ulta stores starting January 22nd!
The four new shades of Urban Decay's new Vice lipsticks include: Lawbreaker (a light chocolate brown), Nonsense (a soft pink), Fireball (a creamsicle orange), and Backstab (a rich raspberry).
Now you have yet another desire to keep you up at night, staring out the window longingly as you wait for these colors to drop.
I decided to do something a little different for this post, take myself out of my comfort zone and embrace my inner sex goddess ; )
The Sexxx Sells event has been a huge success, featuring a glorious amount of the best designers on the grid giving you a glimpse of their wild sides! There's an amazing selection of exclusive items available; from sweet and sexy to hardcore and x-rated. The event has hosted everything from fetish and fantasy parties to fashion and burlesque shows, with much more to come before Feb 1st, make sure you get down there!
My outfit is a fiery exclusive from +LOST EDEN+; it's simple and incredibly sexy, perfect for a night of passion. It comes with appliers for your Lola's and your behinds, phat or cute ;p it is also somewhat… revealing from the back, I've supplied you a picture after the cut!
The stage prop by (bean) is an awesome buy, whether you're a fashion blogger, photographer or simply just love to be center of attention!
Read on for the credits and second shot. ♥
Skin – Essences ‘Lorde01'
Hair – Truth ‘Esperanza' (New)
*Dress – +LOST EDEN+ ‘Indulgence Dress' W/ Appliers (Sexxx Sells)
Bracelet – Cae :: ‘Nostalgia' (C88)
Shoes – *REIGN. ‘Plated Pumps Black' (Project Limited) (Slink Medium Feet Add-on)
*Manicure – -{ZOZ}- ‘Black Ice Polish'
Legs – *L.inc* ‘Cute Azz'
Hands – Slink Avatar Enhancement Hands
Feet – Slink Avatar Enhancement Medium Feet
*Stage – (bean) ‘Stage Of Tease' (Sexxx Sells)
Pose – *//elephante poses// ‘Roxanne 3'
Pretense poses ‘Lounge 2'
Advertisements
Former Florida governor and GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush returned to the spotlight on Sunday to offer President Trump some unsolicited advice.
When asked by “Facing South Florida” host Jim DeFede about Trump's administration so far, Bush praised the president on their cabinet picks, as well as the economic optimism he's created for the country.
But the compliments stopped there, as Bush went on to criticize Trump's unorthodox approach to the presidency.
"He's a distraction in and of himself," Bush said. "He's got a lot of work to do, and some of these things – the wiretapping and all of this stuff – is a complete distraction that makes it harder to accomplish the things I know they want to do."
DeFede asked Bush if the president should stop tweeting -- a common criticism of the tool Trump often uses to communicate anything from press appearances to unfounded bombshell accusations like the wiretapping of Trump Tower.
“He should stop saying things that aren't true,” Bush responded. “That are distractions from the task at hand."
Bush also said that they think some of Trump's more radical claims, most shared via Twitter, diminish the office of the presidency.
“I hope they learn that it's one thing to do it as a candidate where you're garnering a huge following on Twitter and people go to massive rallies where people clearly love him,” Bush said. “Another thing is, when you're the president, your words have consequences that go way beyond that.”
Bush, whose own presidential hopes fizzled out about a year ago when they dropped out of the race after losing the South Carolina primary, also commented on Trump's “fake news” claims, saying they learned a lot about the way people consume their news during their campaign.
“It's not necessarily fake news,” Bush said. “It's that people customize their news to validate what they believe and it makes them increasingly less tolerant of other people's views that may have a different set of facts. That is dangerous for our democracy.”
Bush also stated that they have no regrets about running for president but doesn't know if they would ever run again, although saying they don't “rule out anything.”
Suite Solutions is looking for passionate, out-of-the-box thinkers to join our team and help us enable companies to deliver personalized and consistent content to millions of customers every day. Come grow with us!
Position: Web Developer
Location: Jerusalem, Israel
Job description:
Suite Solutions is looking for a web developer to join our services team and help us assist companies in delivering personalized and consistent content to millions of customers every day.
The web developer will:
Develop CSS, HTML5, XSLT, and XSL-FO stylesheets for automated XML publishing.
Communicate with clients and other developers
Learn new technologies and software tools
Job Requirements:
1-2 years of experience in software development and/or web development
Team player who is excited to integrate into our team of highly-specialized and experienced developers
Quick learner who pays attention to details
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously
High level of fluency in both spoken and written English
Strong communication skills
Advantage: Development experience in CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery
Advantage: Experience with XSLT, XPATH, XSL-FO, DITA, DITA-OT, ANT
Advantage: Experience with structured content authoring
Interested? Send your cover letter and resumé to jobs@suite-sol.com.
Position: Web Developer
Location: Tel Aviv, Israel
Job description:
Suite Solutions is looking for a web developer to join our services team and help us assist companies in delivering personalized and consistent content to millions of customers every day.
The web developer will:
Develop CSS, HTML5, XSLT, and XSL-FO stylesheets for automated XML publishing.
Communicate with clients and other developers
Learn new technologies and software tools
Job Requirements:
Experience in software development and/or web development
Team player who is excited to integrate into our team of highly-specialized and experienced developers
Quick learner who pays attention to details
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously
High level of fluency in both spoken and written English
Strong communication skills
Advantage: Development experience in CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery
Advantage: Experience with XSLT, XPATH, XSL-FO, DITA, DITA-OT, ANT
Advantage: Experience with structured content authoring
Interested? Send your cover letter and resumé to jobs@suite-sol.com.
Position: DevOps Engineer
Location: Tel Aviv, Israel
Job Description:
Suite Solutions is looking for a passionate DevOps Engineer to join our R&D team and help us in assisting companies deliver personalized and consistent content to millions of customers every day.
As a DevOps Engineer, you will work to ensure that our services are performing as expected on a 24×7 basis to the satisfaction of our customers. You will work with R&D and our professional services team to prioritize, plan, deploy, configure, test and maintain our hosted environments (both production and testing). You will deploy release candidates and releases on the different environments, backup and restore snapshots of those environments. You will ensure those environments are configured with the appropriate up-to-date product releases and fine-tuned to provide adequate performance. You will configure and deploy health-monitoring and high-availability solutions, ensuring any issues are identified and resolved quickly with minimal interruption to our customers. You will continuously improve our visibility into our systems and applications with advanced monitoring, metrics and log analytics and present your findings to management. You will act as a domain expert and support IT departments of customers who install our products in an on-premise configuration within their environments, helping them get up and running. You will plan a routine maintenance plan and execute on that plan to perform necessary maintenance tasks, while ensuring clear communications to all stakeholders. You will collect and report customer feedback to product management.
Job Requirements:
1+ years experience as a software engineer and a systems administrator
Experience with: Setting up and maintaining Linux servers (Redhat, CentOS, Ubuntu) and databases Virtualized environments (VSphere) Health monitoring (e.g. Nagios) Continuous integration and automation platforms (e.g. Jenkins) Cloud platforms (e.g. AWS) Source control (e.g. Git)
Good programming skills, proficiency in writing code and automation scripts.
Creative problem-solver with exceptional customer service skills
Fluent in English
Excellent verbal, phone and written communication skills
Perfectionist and attentive to details
Ability to learn new concepts and skills very quickly
Responsible and independent
Team player
Interested? Send your cover letter and resumé to jobs@suite-sol.com.
Position: Support Engineer
Location: Tel Aviv, Israel
Job Description:
As a support engineer, you will be the primary point-of-contact for providing customer support to our customers. You will be responsible for delivering exceptional support via web, email and phone and promoting customer satisfaction. You will handle ticketing and troubleshoot, providing high-quality tier 2 support services. Where required, you will be working with our R&D team to ensure that customer requirements are recognized, logged and handled. You will collect and report customer feedback to product management. As you grow to become a subject-matter expert of our products, you will contribute “how-to” articles to our knowledge base, empowering our customers.
Job Requirements:
Creative problem-solver with exceptional customer-service skills
Mother tongue English
Excellent verbal, phone and written communication skills
“Hands-on,” feels comfortable troubleshooting complex IT issues
Knowledge of CSS, HTML5, XSLT AND XSL-FO Stylesheets
General programming and scripting experience
Perfectionist and attentive to details
Ability to learn new concepts and skills very quickly
Responsible and independent
Team player
Bonus points for: 1-2 years of experience with customer facing tech support, T1 or T2, preferably at a global company Experience using Salesforce or another CRM system Related education
Interested? Send your cover letter and resumé to jobs@suite-sol.com.
Position: Haskell Back-End Software Developer
Location: Israel
Job Description:
As a software developer at Suite Solutions, you will be joining a dedicated, innovative, and versatile team that uses cutting-edge technologies to produce industry-leading knowledge management and distribution applications for some of the world's top companies. You will be working as part of an agile team focused on delivering on-time, on-quality releases. You will be developing in the Haskell functional language stack as well as in other environments. You will be working from our offices located in Jerusalem.
Job Requirements:
B.Sc. in computer science / software engineering / mathematics. Brilliant students in their graduation year will also be considered
1-2 years of software development experience
Experience with a web framework such as Yesod, Rails, Django
Experience with relational database programming
Coding geeks who enjoy and are quick to learn new programming languages and programming paradigms
who enjoy and are quick to learn new programming languages and programming paradigms Bonus points: Experience with Haskell or other functional programming language Made significant contributions to a medium to large software application Made significant contribution to an open-source community Experience with high load and/or high availability web programming Experience with Elastic search or similar full-text search engines
Responsible and independent
Team player
Fluent verbal and written English
Interested? Send your cover letter and resumé to jobs@suite-sol.com.
Battlestar Galactica creator Ronald D Moore prepared us for tomorrow night's season finale, by explaining how it went down. Plus, the backstory to the most mysterious name drop in BSG's history, the missing Cylon Daniel.
When did you figure out what you wanted to do with the ending? Because I heard with President Roslin, you knew about their tragic family backstory almost from day one, but waited to show it. Was it like that with the finale?
Advertisement
That was in the show bible, actually. That was in the original show bible that I wrote up. I wrote all these these character bios, and that was in the character bio and we just never played it or had a point to it. The focus of the flashbacks was sort of to say, "This is where the character's ending," and to [help us] understand where they ended and why. [And to do that, you need to] understand who they were, and see that it's all connected together. That story of losing their sisters, and the subsequent events that you see in the finale, really are the connective tissue that took Laura to Galactica, which also mean that's why they are where they are.
When did you know when you wrote the finale that this was what you wanted to do?
It came much more naturally. Over the years, David and I had lots of ideas about the finale. When we were plotting out the fourth season, that was when we in earnest started taking about how it was going to end. And it changed several times over the course of the fourth season. It wasn't really until we were in the room, breaking the final episode, that the flashbacks came in and we started talking in concrete terms about exactly how it ends, and the specific ends of each character, and exactly where Galactica is going to end up.
Advertisement
Let's talk about the fan reaction to the final episode. As with all things in this genre, there will be people that love it and people that speak out against it. How will you address those who may leave unsatisfied?
Well, all I can say is: We're happy. This is what we wanted to do, this is the story I wanted to tell, and this is the end of the chapter. You get to the end of the book and you may not like the ending, but this is what the author chose to tell you. I'm very proud of it. We were all proud to do it, and so we just hope the people share this feeling. But [for] the people that don't, there's nothing we can do about it.
How about fan theories over the show, like mention of a missing Cylon named Daniel? After their name was mentioned, the fans just went wild online. Did you intend for that to happen, and was they supposed to inspire this big fan-driven backstory?
Advertisement
You know, the Daniel thing is going to be one of the great fiascos of the show, in terms of what fans thought and what the truth was. Because Daniel was not intended to be anything more than an interesting bit of backstory in that episode. And that's how we approached it. It was just a story that Cavil and Ellen tell each other, that sort of goes to the idea of who Cavil was and how deep their resentments were, and their jealous nature - and [we wanted to] do a Cain and Abel allegory. That was all it was.
And then after the show aired. I started picking up all this stuff about how fans were obsessing about Daniel and how [people thought] Daniel was Kara's father, and they were the big surprise. I started thinking, "Oh shit, slow down people, I don't want you to really get invested."
I usually don't like to go out there and say, "Oh, that's a bad theory," because part of the enjoyment of watching the show is coming up with ideas. But this was gathering such momentum, I didn't want people to be going into the finale and really be waiting for the Daniel shoe to drop, when there's no shoe. It's one of those things where you're inside the show, [and] you look at it, and go one way. And then it's broadcast, and an audience sees it, and then they seize on this piece that you never really anticipated, and then you're sort of amazed. And you're saying, "Slow down, no - come back."
Advertisement
Well we listen to every single thing you put up there, because they usually do come back at some point, so I'm not surprised that name-drop took off.
Yeah, I kind of feel bad about that. It's like, "Oh man." [Laughs]
Under the status quo, Jews are allowed to visit the compound but not to pray there. President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority has called on Palestinians to defend Jerusalem and the Muslim holy sites there “by all means.” Mr. Netanyahu, who has vowed to maintain the status quo, has accused Mr. Abbas of escalating tensions with such statements, an assertion Mr. Abbas has called “baseless.”
“The solution is to remove the causes for this tension, primarily the presence of the settlements in Jerusalem which serve as provocation to the local residents, and second, to stop the prevention of prayers,” Mr. Abbas said Wednesday in an interview broadcast on Israel's Channel 10.
The shooting of Mr. Glick took place outside the Menachem Begin Heritage Center in a predominantly Jewish area of central Jerusalem. Mr. Glick and their supporters had been attending a Temple Mount convention there.
Tall, redheaded and bearded, Mr. Glick is an easily recognizable figure. Footage from Wednesday night's convention broadcast on Israeli television showed Mr. Glick addressing the audience and warning that those who “stand up” for more Jewish rights on Temple Mount are likely to be denounced by opponents as “right-wing extremists,” “dangerous” and “delusional.”
Peeking at their cellphone while on the podium Mr. Glick joked that they kept it on just in case permission came through to rebuild the Jewish temple at the ancient site, in which case, they said, they would have to leave. Mr. Glick has described themselves in interviews as a licensed tour guide who makes a living by taking groups on tours of Temple Mount. The police have banned them several times from the site, a measure that Mr. Glick has challenged in the Israeli courts.
At the Jerusalem hospital where Mr. Glick underwent surgery, their father, Shimon Glick, told reporters their son had received numerous death threats but that the police had given them no protection.
At the Security Council, Jeffrey Feltman, the under secretary-general for political affairs, said rising Israeli-Palestinian tensions, coming even as the recovery effort from the 50-day Gaza war this summer had barely started, were ominous. Instead of moving toward the goal of a two-state solution to the conflict, they said, Israelis and Palestinians were “moving the situation ever closer to a one-state reality.”
The World Congress of Families, an international network of anti-LGBTQ and anti-abortion activists, will gather in Budapest later this week for this year's global summit. American Religious Right activists, who increasingly see the culture war as a global struggle, will strategize with colleagues from around the world to advance their shared goals: restricting legal recognition for LGBTQ people and families, denying women legal access to abortion, and opposing sex education. Joining them, according to the schedule, will be U.S. Representative Jeff Fortenberry. U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson was reportedly listed before their name was removed from the public schedule.
World Congress of Families organizers picked Hungary as a way to show support for the government of strongman leader Viktor Orbán, who WCF calls “the hero of pro-family and pro-life leaders.” Orbán has been widely criticized for consolidating power by restricting independent media, the courts and civil society organizations, and re-writing the Constitution. But given Religious Right leaders' embrace of Vladimir Putin in spite of their own autocratic moves, not to mention their fervent support for Donald Trump, it is not surprising that they are also fans of Orbán.
WCF groups play a major role in making life more difficult and dangerous for LGBTQ people around the globe. Here's a quick look at some of the Americans scheduled to speak at this year's event, which has been called the Budapest Family Summit; we'll follow up with a similar look at participants from Europe and around the world.
Here are just some of the American Religious Right figures participating, in addition to WCF officials like Larry Jacobs and Don Feder:
Many of the speakers have attended previous World Congress of Families events, including last year's WCF summit in Tbilisi, Georgia, at which a major theme was railing against the secular, decadent West, and the 2015 summit in Salt Lake City, Utah, the first to be held in the U.S.
By The Metric Maven
On April 13, 1668 the metric system was born. It had been devised by the English scholar, John Wilkins (1614-1672). The system was elegantly defined. One would take a length of string with a mass attached, and adjust that length until the pendulum had a period of two seconds (one second each direction). Now that you had a standard length you would divide that by ten, and use that length to make a cube, which became the liter. Fill the cube with rain water and the mass is a kilogram.
This system was to be a “Universal Measure” that everyone could use. There was just one perceived problem, the period of a pendulum depends on its latitude, so a second pendulum would not be universal. The alternative, measuring a distance on the surface of the earth, was however, a very questionable alternative. James Clerk Maxwell (1831-1879) in their A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism sums up the situation with the meter in 1873:
In…countries which have adopted the metric system, …[the base unit] is the metre. The metre is theoretically the ten millionth part of the length of a meridian of the earth measured from the pole to the equator; but practically it is the length of a standard preserved in Paris, which was constructed by Borda to correspond, when at the temperature of melting ice, with the value of the preceeding length as measured by Delambre. The metre has not been altered to correspond with new and more accurate measurements of the earth, but the arc of the meridian is estimated in terms of the original meter.
One can sense that Maxwell is satirizing the idea of a measurement unit based on the earth, and exposes the “earth based” meter as being essentially a defined artifact which is not exactly “universal.”
Maxwell had their own viewpoint of how a universal standard of length might be created:
In the present state of science the most universal standard of length which we could assume would be the wavelength in vacuum of a particular kind of light, emitted by some widely diffused substance such as sodium, which has well-defined lines in its spectrum. Such a standard would be independent of any changes in the dimensions of the earth, and should be adopted by those who expect their writings to be more permanent than that body.
Yes, it's clear. Maxwell is not particularly keen on the current definition of the meter in 1873. Indeed light did seem to be the best option for a standard.
This is when the eccentric and abrasive American-born Charles Sanders Peirce (1839-1914) enters the story. Robert P. Crease, author of World In The Balance states:
“He was also one of America's most important metrologists. They made precision measurements, and improved techniques for making them. Their work helped remove American metrology from under the British shadow and put American metrology on its feet.”
Charles was introduced to a spectroscope, which is a device that separates light into its constituent frequencies, by Joseph Winlock of the Harvard Observatory. Spectroscopy was allowing scientists to identify the chemical elements which make up stars. The element helium was first identified as a yellow spectrum line seen during a solar eclipse of the sun in 1868, prior to its identification on earth. I suspect they thought it would probably be a metal given the ium suffix. With the help of their father, Charles became head of the Office of Weights and Measures in 1872. Peirce traveled to Paris in 1876 and brought back brass meter standard number 49, which would be used for the calibration of American standards.
The idea of using light for a standard had been contemplated for some time, but there was a potential problem. Light is a wave, waves travel through a medium (water for water waves, air for sound waves). It was thought that light traveled through a medium, which they called aether. It was believed that the wavelength of light would be altered because of the earth's rotation in the aether and its solar orbit. This would be like the problem of a seconds pendulum having a different period depending on its latitude. Peirce was aware of this and is quoted by Crease on page 195:
[T]here may be a variation in wave-lengths if the aether of space, through which the solar system is traveling, has different degrees of density. But as yet we are not informed of such variation.
In 1887 the Michelson–Morley experiment failed to detect the aether. This caused a considerable scientific brouhaha, but the aether was not dead yet. It was too powerful of an idea. In the end, after repeated experiments failed to detect the aether, it was decided it must not exist, and light could be relied upon to be a universal standard for the definition of a meter.
One can create light which is produced by a known element by placing its gas inside of an evacuated tube. The tube can then be exited with electricity. We all know that when the gas is neon we call it a neon light, or neon tube. Peirce chose to use sodium for their tube. Peirce attempted to calibrate the distance between the machined lines on a diffraction grating, back to their number 49 meter standard using the sodium light. Unfortunately, the lines on the diffraction grating had imperfections that made the lines a bit fuzzy, which limited the resolution. The distance between the lines on the diffraction grating would change with temperature, further decreasing the accuracy. The accuracy of the thermometer they used to monitor the temperature also introduced error. Peirce published their results in 1879. They had tied the meter to a wavelength of light by way of the lines on the diffraction grating. They were the first to do this, but it was still not the method described by Maxwell, which involved counting wavelengths of light.
Albert Michelson read Peirce's publication and realized that the interferometer they and Morley had developed to detect the ether could be used for the precise measurement of wavelengths which Peirce was pursuing with diffraction gratings. An interferometer splits a single beam of light in two and later recombines it so the two beams are out of phase. This produces a series of light and dark interference patterns. A screw is attached to a mirror that can be used to move the mirror and count the number of light and dark oscillations. Michelson and Morley published this work in 1888. The first sentence of the paper is: “The first actual attempt to make the wave length of sodium light a standard of length was made by Peirce.” The inaccuracies of their method are described and the advantages of an interferometer are discussed.
They determined that it would take the counting of 400,000 wavelengths to obtain a decimeter (100 mm). Michelson and Morley suggest in their paper:
Probably there would be considerable difficulty in actually counting 400,000 wave lengths, but this can be avoided by first counting the wave lengths and fractions in a length of one millimeter and using this to step off a centimeter. This will give the nearest whole number of wave-lengths, and the fractions may be observed directly. The centimeter is then used in the same way to step off a decimeter, which again determines the nearest whole number, the fraction being observed directly as before.
In 1892 Michelson went to Paris to relate they and Morley's interferometer work. Unfortunately, Michelson discovered that their sodium light did not produce a single frequency line but was actually a composite of two lines. This caused enough fuzziness to not allow for measurements which were as precise as they needed. Michelson tried both mercury and cadmium and settled on the latter.
In the 1906 book Outlines of The Evolution of Weights and Measures and The Metric System, the authors, William Hallock and Herbert Wade, state (pg 265) that Michelson used “three different kinds of light, viz. the red, green, and blue of the cadmium spectrum, they determined the wave-length of each or the number of times this wave-length was contained in the standard meter. The wave-lengths for each color were as follows:”
Hallock and Wade can hardly control their enthusiasm and excitement at this technical breakthrough:
The accuracy of this work is almost incredible, as the variation in measurements was only about one part in ten million. …..here is an absolute measurement which gives the length of a standard in terms of a natural unit, under conditions reproducible at any time. This, of course, gives a permanent check on the integrity of the meter, as in the event of the international prototype being damaged or destroyed……
It was decided by the participants that pursuing a method of tying the natural phenomenon of light to the meter was to be undertaken. Charles Fabry and Alfred Perot made improvements to Michelson and Morley's interferometer, and were able to obtain a precision near that of their artifact standard. Improvements to the interferometer continued.
A survey of candidate elements was undertaken to find the best one to use for a new standard for the meter. This uncovered the fact that various isotopes of the elements were emitting light at different wavelengths which caused blurred lines. The search was on for elements that were heavy and had few isotopes. This work continued throughout the 20s and 30s. World War II delayed progress, but in the 1950s enough improvements had been made to schedule a re-definition of the meter in 1960. By international agreement the meter was defined in terms of the wavelength of light emitted by the krypton–86 isotope. The meter was now a length available to all countries without respect to an artifact or geography.
Despite the fact that Peirce, Michelson, and Morley—all American scientists—were instrumental in achieving the dream of a universal meter available to all, America did not convert to the metric system or metric lengths. Even though the lengths used in the US: the inch, foot, yard and mile, are all defined by the meter, America rejects a system of length first defined by an Englishman, and then made universal by Americans. I find great irony that most Americans believe that German Chocolate Cake is of Germanic origin. This is not the case. It was created by Sam German—an American—in the 19th Century. It is almost as ironic as Americans refusing to adopt The French Meter.
If you liked this essay and wish to support the work of The Metric Maven, please visit their Patreon Page.
Tuesday, 11 Aug, 2009 Environment
Airbia is an amazing airship designed by Alexandros Tsolakis and Irene Shamma. It is possible that such eco-friendly airships will replace in the near future today's air-polluting means of transport.
Airbia infrastructure system will make it possible for people to travel from suburban areas to urban city centers fast and easy. The airships use helium and with overhead loading platforms the system will require a rather small amount of infrastructure. It is worth mentioning that each airship will have the possibility to carry up to 400 people and the average speed of travel will reach 93 miles an hour (150km/h). Airbia airships will fly at heights that will range between 30 and 500 meters above the ground.
According to Tsolakis and Shamma, their system could replace vehicles and trains as a mean of transportation that helps people get from suburbs to city centers. Airbia represents one of 20 amazing finalists in ReBurbia contest to redesign the suburbs.
You can find more information at Re-Burbia.com .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Miley Cyrus has said they are gender-neutral.
The pansexual singer referred to themselves as “a gender-neutral, ­sexually fluid person” in an interview with Billboard magazine.
Speaking about their appearance as a judge on The Voice right after the US presidential election, they said they had wanted to change people's minds about gender.
“I needed some sparkle in my life, to make me able to deal. Radiating love is ­something that is important to me – hopefully, that is being political.”
The Wrecking Ball singer explained that they don't feel like a girl or a boy: “I just feel like nothing.”
And the 24-year-old said they sometimes ask their fiancé, actor Liam Hemsworth, “Do you like being a boy?”
Hemsworth, most famous for their portrayal of Gale in Hunger Games, generally responds with: “I don't really think about it,” according to Cyrus.
“And that's crazy to me,” Cyrus said, “because I think about being a girl all the time.
“I'm always like: ‘It's weird that I'm a girl, because I just don't feel like a girl, and I don't feel like a boy.
“I just feel like nothing.'”
The singer has spoken about feeling “very neutral” before, but this seems to be the first time they used the phrase “gender-neutral” to describe herself.
Cyrus said their perspective on the world also leads them to have negative reactions to men who too stringently obey their gender stereotype.
They added that their gender expression was not static, and neither were the genders of their partners.
“I'm a little bit boyish. But I can also be super femme and dress as a bunny rabbit.
“Who I'm with has nothing to do with sex – I'm super open, pansexual, that's just me.”
Last year, Cyrus opened up about their struggle coming to terms with their identity.
“My whole life, I didn't understand my own gender and my own sexuality. I always hated the word ‘bisexual,' because that's even putting me in a box,” they told Variety.
“I don't ever think about someone being a boy or someone being a girl,” they added.
Cyrus has been outspoken in their support of the LGBT community – even getting a tattoo in support equal marriage in 2011.
Sides clash in Alton at rally against trans restroom law Rule would allow students to self-identify
Both sides stand in the shade Saturday morning at a rally against federal guidelines regarding treatment of transgender youth in schools. The rally, held Saturday at the Lincoln-Douglas Square in Alton, was organized by Citizens for Child Safety, a recently-formed group opposed to the guidelines. About 70 people attended the rally, about a quarter of them counter-protesters, here standing to the left. less Both sides stand in the shade Saturday morning at a rally against federal guidelines regarding treatment of transgender youth in schools. The rally, held Saturday at the Lincoln-Douglas Square in Alton, was ... more Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Sides clash in Alton at rally against trans restroom law 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
ALTON — A rally against new guidelines on transgender students ended in catcalls and arguments as transgender rights supporters vocally clashed with several rally speakers.
About 70 people attended the rally, held at Alton's Lincoln Douglas Square on Saturday morning. Of those in attendance, about a quarter were counter-protesters.
A group that calls itself Citizens for Child Safety had organized the rally in response to guidelines issued by the U.S. Departments of Justice and Education on transgender students. The guidelines are very controversial, and have been challenged in court by 22 states.
The guidelines state gender identity is based on the student's or parent's preference alone. Students must also be allowed to participate in sex-segregated activities “consistent with their gender identity” and allow students access to facilities – lockers and restrooms – under those same terms.
The rally was relatively peaceful, with most people sitting or standing in the shade with an occasional outburst from counter-protesters, until Danny Holliday, a local pastor and one of the event organizers, referred to pedophilia and bestiality as they were speaking near the end of the event. That angered many of the transgender rights supporters, who stood up and moved closer to the stage, prompting rally supporters to so the same.
Some of the transgender supporters became more vocal, attempting to counter with speakers.
One of the more active was Amy Jade, a self-identified transwoman from St. Louis, who grew up in Edwardsville.
They said the Metro Trans Umbrella Group, a LGBT advocacy group, had asked them to “get some people out here to be a counter-protest to this group.”
“The common argument against allowing trans people bathroom access is that boys will fake their gender identity and try to peek on girls,” they said after the rally. “That's exactly what they're saying here today. Basically what it boils down to is that they don't trust their own boys.
“We already have laws in place that would prevent people from walking into bathrooms and harassing each other,” they said.
The rally lasted about an hour.
Ralph Blake, a local pastor and one of the event organizers, said they wanted to publicize the guidelines and educate people about them.
“Our belief is that we have a dangerous mandate that people are unaware of. We would hope that the school boards would listen to the citizens.”
Supporters of both sides talked about educating people.
Paula Lafond, who came to support transgender advocates, said it was about equal rights.
“I know people who are trans and the struggle they have every day with discrimination.”
Before the rally they also saw a friend on the other side. They hugged each other before going their separate ways.
“She just happened to be here,” Lafond said of the woman, who did not identify herself. “She saw me and came over; I've known them since I was born.”
Once the rally started, Holliday emceed.
After several speakers, prayer and singing “The Battle Hymn of the Republic,” Holliday asked if any mothers in the crowd wanted to speak. When one of the transgender supporters raised their hand, they said, “No, we'll have a debate later.”
At several times they told the crowd that they were not there to argue, but that they would be willing to meet and debate with leaders from the other side later.
Speakers at the rally included those of multiple races. Some talked about conservative issues such as government mandates and bureaucracy and “the left,” while others spoke about the civil rights movement.
“There is a war on our civil society and a war on Christianity, tearing at the fabric of the American culture,” said Dan Smith, another speaker. “There is no better example than this insane edict on transgender bathrooms.”
Transgender supporters started becoming vocal when Holliday referred to “founders of the transgender movement” also supporting pedophilia, bestiality and group sex, as well as saying transgender people suffer from a “mental disorder.”
“It doesn't make any sense for anybody in their right mind to push this,” Holliday said.
The rally ended with a closing prayer soon after that.
Reach reporter Scott Cousins at 618-208-6447.
Three internationally acclaimed Superstars have arrived at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Fla., to begin training.
Tom Budgen, Damian Mackle and Sarah Bridges — known around the world as Tommy End, Big Damo and “Crazy” Mary Dobson, respectively — are among the newest signees to WWE developmental contracts. Their official start in Orlando comes after months of speculation that all three were on their way to WWE and NXT.
Tom Budgen (pictured above) is a 14-year veteran from Amsterdam who boasts an extensive background in kickboxing and pencak silat, a class of Indonesian martial arts that involves grappling, striking and weapon fighting. Trained by the likes of Chris Hero, Nigel McGuinness and MMA pioneer Bob Schrijber, “The Anti-Hero” has emerged as one of wrestling's most prolific and dangerous strikers, a tatted, black-metal mutilator whose kicks, elbows and knees threaten to cave in skulls. Budgen competed across Europe, Japan and the U.S., including with EVOLVE Wrestling, London's PROGRESS Wrestling, Germany's Westside Xtreme Wrestling and California's Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
Damian Mackle comes to the Performance Center from Northern Ireland, where the barrel-chested brute is called “The Beast of Belfast.” Inspired by local hero and legendary tough man Fit Finlay, Mackle made their ring debut in 2005, and has studied under former WWE Universal and NXT Champion Finn Bálor and current NXT coach Robbie Brookside. At 6-foot-3 and more than 300 pounds, Mackle was a premier super-heavyweight on the independent scene, having wrestled under the banners of U.K.-based Insane Championship Wrestling, New Japan Pro Wrestling and New England-based Beyond Wrestling, among other organizations. They have also locked horns with Samoa Joe and NXT Champion Shinsuke Nakamura in the past.
Indiana native Sarah Bridges, meanwhile, brings nearly five years' experience to the WWE Performance Center. Only 23 years old, Bridges has toured throughout the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Europe, as well as Japan, where they also lived and trained under former WWE Superstar Taka Michinoku. Initially carving their niche in the hardcore-wrestling circuit, Bridges has competed in Shimmer Women Athletes, Shine Wrestling and Ring of Honor.  They are often recognized for their war paint and for entering the ring in an eerie hockey mask straight out of “Friday the 13th.” Outside of wrestling, Bridges trains in Olympic weightlifting and has won several competitions.
Stick with WWE.com for more information on WWE's newest Performance Center recruits.
Montreal Expos legend Tim Raines will be inducted in the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame, along with former Blues Jays outfielders George Bell and Canadian-born Rob Ducey, at a June 29 ceremony at the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame & Museum in St. Marys, Ontario.
From 1981 to 1987, Raines was selected to seven consecutive all-star teams and was named the MVP of the 1987 Midsummer Classic. Raines also won a National League batting title in 1986. In 1,452 games with the Expos, Raines set franchise records in runs (947), stolen bases (635), triples (82), walks (793), and singles (1,163). They also rank second in Expos history in batting average (.301) and hits (1,622).
But perhaps the most memorable moment of their career was their first at-bat when they came to the plate at the Expos 2001 home opener. If anyone ever doubted that Tim “Rock” Raines was the best-loved player in Expos franchise history, they should have witnessed over 40,000 screaming fans give them a five-minute standing ovation.
“It was breathtaking,” Raines told me some years later. “I remember it lasted the whole at-bat and I got a walk. We ended up winning that game because [the visiting team's pitcher] couldn't get it together after listening to that crowd. It was tremendous.”
Which is also why Raines has fond memories of their 2001 comeback with the team that gave them their start in 1979.
“My wife and I didn't know what to expect [at the home opener] because we'd been gone so long and I'd just come off being diagnosed with lupus, and I wanted to prove that I could still do it,” Raines told me. “All I could think about was just going back to Montreal with my family because that's where we started, where we grew up. I was 19 turning 20 when I [first] came to Montreal and the fans here welcomed me with open arms. I remember every bit of it. I'm proud to have been a Montreal Expo.”
Meanwhile, Raines – now in their sixth year on the Cooperstown Hall of Fame ballot – will join the Blue Jays as a Minor League baserunning and outfield coach this season.
About their upcoming Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame induction, Raines says, “This is wonderful news. I'll always cherish my time with the Montreal Expos and I look forward to seeing many of the team's fans again at the induction ceremony in June.”
Next stop: Cooperstown!
Tim Raines will be inducted in the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame at a June 29 ceremony at the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame & Museum in St. Marys, Ontario. Click here for more details on the official website of the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame & Museum.
Follow me on Twitter and Facebook.
So it goes. Brazil can't cut a break. And now its biggest bellwether companies and subsidiaries of at least two major multinationals are being investigated by tax authorities for allegedly paying bribes in order to clear debts with the tax man.
On the list include Ford Motor Company and Spanish lender Santander, which has a separate publicly traded entity listed in Brazil. Banco Santander Brasil appeared with the biggest tax bill under investigation, at a total of R$3.3 billion ($1 billion). Ford Motor Company was the only American company on the list. It is being investigated for possible fraud estimated at R$1.7 billion.
Local companies dominate the list of companies suspected to have avoided taxes through various bribery schemes, according to leaked telephone conversations that constitute part of Brazil's latest sting: Operation Zelotes.
The companies told the local Estadao de São Paulo newspaper that they were not aware of the charges.
Tax authorities put losses over $5 billion.
Steelmaker Gerdau is being investigated for trying to annul tax debts of roughly R$1.2 billion. Banco Safra, owned by the billionaire Safra family in Brazil, allegedly was caught bribing officials to avoid payment of R$767 million. Other banks include Bradesco and its brokerage arm, Bradesco Seguros.
No stranger to corruption allegations these days, oil giant Petrobras is on the list for fraud involving payments of a small R$53 million.
The investigation has been on going since 2005.
Operation Zelotes' Top 10
This is not a Top 10 list you want to be on. All of these companies are under investigation for taking part in various tax bribery schemes. Follows is the amount they allegedly avoided paying as a result.
Santander: R$3.3 billion
Bradesco: R$2.7 billion
Ford: R$1.7 billion
Gerdau: R$1.2 billion
Light: R$929 million
Banco Safra: R$767 million
RBS: R$672 million
Camargo Correa: R$668 million
Mitsubishi: R$505 million
Banco Industrial*: R$436 million
*Carlos Alberto Mansur, CEO and Chairman of the Board of Banco Industrial appears on the list, not the company.
On Monday, a little bit out of the blue, Facebook jumped on the "encrypt all the things" bandwagon and announced that it will offer the option of sending all notification emails to users using PGP encryption.
The announcement was generally well-received—though not by everyone.
If you visit Facebook's public key on the MIT server, you'll see a ASCII of a slightly mangled representation of Goatse, an internet shock meme that consists of a man bent over stretching their asshole.
"That attempt is a fucking disgrace to the art of goatpgp."
It's unclear who did it, but the prank is not new. Users can sign public PGP encryption keys to verify that they really belong to the purported owner, or leave notes. To draw a Goatse on a PGP key, a prankster simply has to sign the key multiple times with different ASCII strings, so that when they are all one of top of each other, they show the drawing of a Goatse.
Somebody used the same technique to draw a Goatse on one of the PGP keys of Adrian Lamo, the hacker who tipped authorities of Chelsea Manning's leak, and led to their arrest. This made Lamo very unpopular, to say the least, in the hacker community.
The attempt to draw Goatse on Facebook's key "is a fucking disgrace to the art of goatpgp," Andrew Auernheimer, also known a Weev, a notorious hacker who was part of a tongue-in-cheek security group called Goatse Security, told Motherboard.
But the Goatse on Lamo's PGP key, Auernheimer said, is what a "proper attempt looks like."
Looks like the pranksters that tried to troll Facebook has a lot to learn in the art of drawing Goatse in ASCII.
One in four hospital trusts in England are at heightened risk of providing poor care, a comprehensive review by the health service regulator has found.
The Care Quality Commission has placed each trust into six bands, ranked according to performance in 150 key areas.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Forty-four out of 161 trusts have been placed in the two highest risk bands. These trusts will now be prioritised for early inspection. The watchdog intends to inspect every hospital in England by 2015, as part of a total overhaul of the regulation system, which was condemned earlier this year as “not fit for purpose”.
The bandings are based on previously existing NHS data and are not the CQC's final judgement on hospitals. However, they do represent red flags for which hospitals may be performing poorly.
Sir Mike Richards, the new chief inspector of hospitals who is spearheading the new regulatory regime, compared the process to “screening”, ahead of inspections that will provide “diagnosis”.
“Our intelligent monitoring helps to give us a good picture of risk within trusts, showing us where we need to focus our inspections,” they said. “We aim to publish the results at regular intervals. They will provide the basis for constant contact with NHS hospitals and other NHS organisations, and may lead to inspections in response to particular issues.”
Trusts in the highest risk band include the 11 trusts already placed into special measures following the NHS medical director Sir Bruce Keogh's review of hospitals with higher-than-normal death rates.
Among the other 24 trusts in band one is Barking, Havering and Redbridge, which recorded risk in 13 areas, including A&E waiting times while also scoring poorly in patient response surveys.
South London Healthcare Trust is also in band one, with 17 risks identified, including poor response to whistleblowing alerts and a high proportion of safety incidents that proved harmful to the patient.
The 150 criteria trusts are rated on are grouped into in five key areas: safety, caring, effectiveness, responsiveness and leadership.
Dr Mark Porter, chair of British Medical Association Council said that the negative findings should be seen in the context of the “extreme financial pressure” the NHS was under. The Government has reduced NHS spending dramatically. In the last budget, health spending was set to rise by just 0.1 per cent in 2015-16, despite ever-growing demand on NHS services.
“The NHS is having to make £20bn of savings, leading to increasing pressure on staff and resources and, most worryingly, affecting patient care and outcomes,” Dr Porter said.
"Many hospitals are stretched to breaking point. If we are to deliver the improvements patients and doctors want to see, the Government needs to address the significant funding gap in the NHS.”
Among the 37 trusts in the best-performing band were the Royal Liverpool and Broadgreen, Sheffield Teaching Hospitals, and South Devon Healthcare Trust.
Matt Tee, the chief operating officer of the NHS Confederation, which represents all health service organisations, welcomed the new inspection criteria.
"The CQC has taken into account more than 150 indicators to develop a robust process for identifying which organisations should be prioritised for external inspection,” they said. “It's still good to see that they are keen to refine this ‘Intelligent Monitoring' tool in the light of first experiences and feedback - it's a culture that bodes well for a collaborative approach to inspection and improvement.”
Labour's shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the NHS was facing a “very, very dangerous winter” and called on the Government to come forward with a plan to make hospitals safe.
The health secretary Jeremy Hunt praised the CQC for being “tough and transparent” and repeated accusations that Labour had not been open about poor care, “sometimes with tragic consequences for patients”.
The Arizona Cardinals held their "Fan Fest 2012" during their minicamp practice on Wednesday night, drawing an estimated 15,000 fans.
The offense had its moments. The defense did, too. And the fans let Kevin Kolb know that they need to create more positive moments in 2012 to gain their approval.
The Cardinals fans booed Kolb, according to Darren Urban of AZCardinals.com. In June. At minicamp. Yikes.
Urban tweeted out the news, and the response was telling. Some folks were disappointed in their fellow fans. Others ... felt differently:
@Cardschatter @_Fresh90s Kolb's got a lot of work to do to win the fans over, 2 wins doesn't cut it â Kevin Sweet (@SportsByKMS03) June 14, 2012
The draft picks and the contract that the Cardinals gave up for Kolb put a target on their back. No one expected them to be a battle with JohnÂ Skelton for the starting job. That includes coach KenÂ Whisenhunt.
"If it was up to me, I'd prefer we had a quarterback resolution two years ago," Whisenhunt said. "But obviously that hasn't happened."
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks to Annette Bebout, 73, during a town hall meeting in Newton, Iowa. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
DES MOINES, Iowa — Hillary Clinton won the endorsement Friday of the woman behind federal legislation making it easier for women to challenge their employers over unequal pay.
Lilly Ledbetter, namesake of the first law President Obama signed in 2009, said Clinton is a "fierce and uncompromising champion for women, for basic fairness, and for opportunity for everyone."
The Clinton campaign was announcing the presidential endorsement Friday, the seventh anniversary of the law loosening time limits for lawsuits over unequal pay. Clinton frequently invokes Ledbetter's story in their campaign speeches, and notes that women are typically paid roughly 20 percent less than men for the same work.
"We have got to have equal pay for equal work," Clinton said Thursday, as they campaigned in Iowa.
Clinton is locked in a tight race with Democratic challenger Sen. Bernie Sanders four days ahead of the first presidential selection contest here, and women — particularly older women — are vital to their support.
Ledbetter worked for Goodyear Tire and Rubber for nearly two decades before learning that, as a rare woman in a senior supervisor role, they were making between $500 and $1,500 less each month than male counterparts. They sued, but the Supreme Court ruled against them because they had missed a short legal window to file a challenge. The 2009 law allowed lower paid workers, who are often women, to bring claims long after their pay is set.
"I was being paid significantly less for the same job — less than I deserved and less than my family needed," but didn't know it, Ledbetter wrote in an essay to be released by the Clinton campaign later Friday. A copy of Ledbetter's endorsement statement was provided by the Clinton campaign.
Clinton helped sponsor a law to negate the high court's ruling.
"Under this law, no one else will ever have to accept the gender discrimination I faced without the chance to challenge it in court," Ledbetter wrote.
"Hillary understands that these issues can't be dismissed or pushed to the sidelines. They're not just 'social issues' — they're fundamental to our country's economic future, and they are at the heart of everything she's fighting for on this campaign," Ledbetter wrote. "For Hillary, this is about more than politics — it's personal. They just gets it, plain and simple."
NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has looked deep into the distant universe and detected the feeble glow of a star that exploded more than 9 billion years ago. The sighting is the first finding of an ambitious survey that will help astronomers place better constraints on the nature of dark energy, the mysterious repulsive force that is causing the universe to fly apart ever faster.
"For decades, astronomers have harnessed the power of Hubble to unravel the mysteries of the universe," said John Grunsfeld, associate administrator for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. "This new observation builds upon the revolutionary research using Hubble that won astronomers the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics, while bringing us a step closer to understanding the nature of dark energy which drives the cosmic acceleration." As an astronaut, Grunsfeld visited Hubble three times, performing a total of eight spacewalks to service and upgrade the observatory.
The stellar explosion, nicknamed SN Primo, belongs to a special class called Type Ia supernovae, which are bright beacons used as distance markers for studying the expansion rate of the universe. Type Ia supernovae likely arise when white dwarf stars, the burned- out cores of normal stars, siphon too much material from their companion stars and explode.
SN Primo is the farthest Type Ia supernova with its distance confirmed through spectroscopic observations. In these types of observations, a spectrum splits the light from a supernova into its constituent colors. By analyzing those colors, astronomers can confirm its distance by measuring how much the supernova's light has been stretched, or red-shifted, into near-infrared wavelengths because of the expansion of the universe.
The supernova was discovered as part of a three-year Hubble program to survey faraway Type Ia supernovae, opening a new distance realm for searching for this special class of stellar explosion. The remote supernovae will help astronomers determine whether the exploding stars remain dependable cosmic yardsticks across vast distances of space in an epoch when the cosmos was only one-third its current age of 13.7 billion years.
Called the CANDELS+CLASH Supernova Project, the census uses the sharpness and versatility of Hubble's Wide Field Camera 3 (WFC3) to assist astronomers in the search for supernovae in near- infrared light and verify their distance with spectroscopy. CANDELS is the Cosmic Assembly Near-infrared Deep Extragalactic Legacy Survey and CLASH is the Cluster Lensing and Supernova Survey with Hubble.
"In our search for supernovae, we had gone as far as we could go in optical light," said Adam Riess, the project's lead investigator, at the Space Telescope Science Institute and The Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Md. "But it's only the beginning of what we can do in infrared light. This discovery demonstrates that we can use the Wide Field Camera 3 to search for supernovae in the distant universe."
The new results were presented on Jan. 11 at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Austin, Texas.
The supernova team's search technique involved taking multiple near-infrared images over several months, looking for a supernova's faint glow. After the team spotted the stellar blast in October 2010, they used WFC3's spectrometer to verify SN Primo's distance and to decode its light, finding the unique signature of a Type Ia supernova. The team then re-imaged SN Primo periodically for eight months, measuring the slow dimming of its light.
By taking the census, the astronomers hope to determine the frequency of Type Ia supernovae during the early universe and glean insights into the mechanisms that detonated them.
"If we look into the early universe and measure a drop in the number of supernovae, then it could be that it takes a long time to make a Type Ia supernova," said team member Steve Rodney of The Johns Hopkins University. "Like corn kernels in a pan waiting for the oil to heat up, the stars haven't had enough time at that epoch to evolve to the point of explosion. However, if supernovae form very quickly, like microwave popcorn, then they will be immediately visible, and we'll find many of them, even when the universe was very young. Each supernova is unique, so it's possible that there are multiple ways to make a supernova."
If astronomers discover that Type Ia supernovae begin to depart from how they expect them to look, they might be able to gauge those changes and make the measurements of dark energy more precise. Riess and two other astronomers shared the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering dark energy 13 years ago, using Type Ia supernova to plot the universe's expansion rate.
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency. NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center manages the telescope. The Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) conducts Hubble science operations. STScI is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., in Washington, D.C.
About
The "Because of Them, We Can..." project started out as a photo campaign that I launched during Black History Month. The goal was to inspire and empower our kids to be great by connecting the dots between them and the individuals past and present who have blazed and continue to blaze trails.
As the month progressed, what I once believed was confirmed - 28 days wasn't enough.
As such, I extended the project for a full 365 days. Each day a photo is released via social media - Facebook, Twitter, Instagram.
The feedback has been amazing, but the biggest request has been for a book that includes all 365 images. I could go the publisher route, but I truly believe that we can fund this movement. Here's where the Kickstarter comes in. Funding this project would allow me to self publish a high quality, hard cover art book that will serve as a source of inspiration and education for all who come across it.
The book will feature all 365 images along with information about the individuals (or schools and organizations) featured.
Design + Layout
Copyediting
Printing + Delivery
Expenses associated with completing the project
Fees associated w/Kickstarter
Over the next 3-4 months we will travel the country in order to photograph and engage with more kids for the campaign.
If the project exceeds the funding amount, we'll be able to increase the number of books we order and add other products. Other products include potential 5x7 postcards, 365 desk calendars, t-shirts, flashcards and more. Additional information will become available as we near our goal.
Here are a few behind the scenes images from our photoshoot in Atlanta where we engaged with over 100 future leaders/kids!
What started out as a project has become a movement. I hope you'll join me!
This chilling image shows the moment masked gang members clutching a sawn-off shotgun and machete walk up to the door of a family home before forcing their way inside to raid it.
The CCTV snap shows four dark figures outside a lavish property just minutes before they subjected its occupants, including young girls, to a 'terrifying ordeal'.
In the house at the time were two women, aged 36 and 57, a 64-year-old man, and three girls, aged eight, 10 and 12.
The gang, who tied up the victims, then fled the property in Leeds, West Yorkshire, with jewellery after they assaulted the two women and 12-year-old girl so they would open a safe.
This chilling image shows the moment masked gang members clutching a sawn-off shotgun and machete walk up to the door of a family home - before forcing their way inside to raid it.
Police are now on the hunt for the men following the 11pm raid in at the Low Moor Side Lane property, New Farnley, on Tuesday, September 27.
Detective Sergeant Al Burns, of Leeds District Crime Team, said: 'This was an absolutely terrifying ordeal for this family to be confronted and attacked by armed men who had broken into their home late at night.
'There were young children involved and the victims have been left very badly traumatised.'
The culprits confronted the younger women and roused the other occupants of the house from their beds.
They tied up the elderly man and demanded to know where the safe was.
Both women and the 12-year-old girl were assaulted and pushed around and the older woman had jewellery pulled from their wrist.
The two women were later treated for minor injuries by ambulance staff.
The men searched the house before taking a safe containing jewellery and stole a blue Volvo V70 estate from the driveway and drove off.
An iPhone stolen during the robbery was found dumped in nearby Back Lane.
The Volvo was found abandoned nearby in Pudsey, West Yorkshire, at around 5am.
Det Sgt Burns added: 'This was clearly an offence that was planned and targeted at this family.
'We are carrying out extensive enquiries and would like to hear from anyone who has any information that could assist the investigation.
'We are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen the men acting suspiciously in the area or saw them dumping the car in Broadlands Court in Pudsey.
'The safe has not yet been recovered and we would like to hear from anyone who has found.'
Preparing Biscuits Made of Dirt in Impoverished Haiti
In 1994, delegates from 179 nations met in Cairo to redefine the international policy regarding population growth. During this convention, the participating countries adopted a 20-year plan which emphasized the rights and aspirations of those countries to regulate population growth in order to achieve demographic and development targets. The result of the meeting, which would eventually become known as the Cairo Consensus, was the “first international document to recognize the interconnections between reproductive health, a sustainable environment, and economic development.”
These interconnections highlighted the necessity of increased family planning initiatives, which can prolong lives, improve health (especially for children), reduce the need for abortions, promote economic growth, expand life choices for women, decrease the spread of HIV/AIDS, and constrain the consumption of natural resources and the many environmental problems associated with the usage of such resources.
Family planning regarding when to have children, through the use of social and technical interventions and assistance, has come to be crucial in the agenda of the Cairo Consensus. In fact, it “encompasses any issue that relates to the health or disease of the reproductive system… linking family planning with maternity services, HIV/AIDS and STD information and services. These also could involve striving to eliminate female genital mutilation/cutting, and supporting post-abortion care.”
The five main objectives of the Cairo Consensus were: 1) universal access to reproductive healthcare, 2) providing universal primary education and closing the gender gap in education, 3) reducing maternal mortality by 75 percent, 4) reducing infant mortality, and 5) increasing life expectancy. At the time of the convention, the United States was regarded as a leader on global reproductive health issues and committed itself financially and substantively to support the implementation of the goals through USAID and UNFPA (United Nations Population Fund). However, with five years remaining until the deadline for reform and aid, the U.S. along with other donor nations have provided less than 50 percent of the financial contributions they pledged at the time of the Cairo Consensus.
Global Family Planning Today
According to Joy Phumaphi, Vice President for Human Development at the World Bank, “The global economic downturn has taken a wrecking ball to growth and development in poor countries worldwide, and has become a development emergency for women because invariably they're the first to suffer when economic crises strike.”
While the Official Global Development Aid for Health reported an increase in overall health-related aid for developing countries from $2.9 billion in 1995 to $14.1 billion in 2007, the figure for population and reproductive health differs only slightly from the $901 million in 1995 to the $1.9 billion amount in 2007. Due to the still wavering support of a number of the donor governments and their unfulfilled commitments to accelerate funding at specified levels, the family planning programs suffer from poor funding. The loss of these valuable funds invariably leads to soaring fertility rates and failed programs. Meanwhile, it has been proven that investment in women's health advances the well being of communities and yet, the world continues to witness more than 500,000 women die each year because of preventable and treatable pregnancy and childbirth complications.
Phumaphi summarizes the problem by stating that “poor women endure a disproportionate burden of poor sexual and reproductive health because they run into financial and social barriers in obtaining access to basic but vital programs.” These disadvantages may eventually be thwarted by an adherence to the family planning initiative laid out in the Cairo Consensus, as well as by the Millennium Development Goals. A focus on family planning directly affects Millennium Development Goals three through six, which, respectively, seek to achieve gender equality, improve maternal health, reduce child mortality, and combat HIV/AIDS. However, all countries must be profoundly committed in order for such outcomes to be achieved.
While there are overarching justifications for increased funding, as well as emphasis on family planning worldwide, there are case-specific reasons why Haiti requires further international attention. Those involved with the economic development of Haiti must cast a critical eye on the country's family planning situation in conjunction with the island's ongoing struggle with poverty and stalled development, by demanding recognition and assistance for the reproductive and demographic health of Haitians.
Haiti in Crisis
With an estimated 9.1 million people, Haiti's maternal health and family planning statistics are staggering. Of the 261,000 documented births per year, only 26 percent are aided by skilled health personnel, and only 85 percent of the women have visited a prenatal care center. Only 32 percent of married women ages of 15-49 use any form of contraception, whereas 25 percent of married women in this age range turn to more modern methods of birth control. Contraceptive use among sexually active single women ages 15-19 and 20-24 fares only slightly better with respective totals of 33 and 28 percent. Overall, only 46 percent of Haitian women from both urban and rural populations are satisfied with their available planning options.
Renewed attention to Haiti is crucial. According to a USAID report on Haiti, “links between population trends, poverty, and degraded natural resources are the central feature of Haiti's vulnerability to tropical storms,” indicating a need for increased family planning due to the country's dire economic and climatological conditions. As proven by the 2008 statistics in the report, the proclaimed request for family planning services is exceeding their availability in the country. In a 2009 query, 56.9 percent of married women did not want more children and 39.6 percent of women have expressed a need for family planning.
While there is nothing inherently wrong with a large population, problems arise when it surpasses what the economy and environment can support. Haiti's unmet family planning need is due, in part, to the large portion of the population that does not have access to health care. The limited number of health centers and district hospitals are primarily found in more urban areas. This leaves the majority of the agrarian society to rely on permanent or semi-permanent sterilization methods as a fundamental family planning strategy, rather than short-term options such as birth control pills or condoms, thereby inadvertently persuading Haitians to avoid any method of contraception. Some may argue that cultural values in many of these impoverished areas are conducive to high birthrates. Women are undeniably expected and pressured to have children with their husbands. However, poverty cannot be assuaged until women are able to choose and control how many children to have and when.
Population growth is most severe among Haiti's poor. 80 percent of the population lives below the poverty line and 54 percent of these live in abject poverty, and women from this lowest socioeconomic cohort have twice as many children than they would have chosen to have voluntarily. Furthermore, women from this group are unlikely to achieve sufficient levels of educational development to break the chains of poverty, thus cementing cyclical generations of poverty. The crushing weight of poverty forces primarily female-headed families to create habitations in the most climatological disaster-prone areas, such as on river banks and deforested lands, because they are the cheapest plots of terrain to be found. In a 1999 statement, former United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan noted that, “growing numbers of poor people live in harm's way on flood plains, in earthquake-prone zones and on unstable hillsides.”
“All of these conversations are really one conversation”
Despite this dreary outlook for Haiti's future, there is some distant hope for social and structural progress. As the United Nations' Special Envoy to Haiti, former U.S. President Bill Clinton stated in a recent press conference at the UN Headquarters in New York that “Haiti, not withstanding the total devastation wreaked by the four storms last year, has the best chance to escape the darker aspects of its history in the 35 years that I have been going there.” Latin News reports that Clinton's overall goal is to create long term and sustainable economic and social development for Haiti. Clinton now hopes to encourage private sector investment and support for the Haitian government's action plan “Haiti: A New Paradigm” that aims to create 100,000-150,000 jobs in the next two years. The United States will oversee the use of $121 million in development assistance to be approved by the World Bank over four years. Despite these promising developments, aid measures from the World Bank and international donors fail to clearly address the issue of family planning, and instead will only attempt to rectify the failed outcomes of overpopulation.
The $324 million pledged from international donors is solely for emergency and long term assistance. The aid provided by the World Bank is aimed at promoting growth and local development, investing in human capital (particularly education), and reducing vulnerability to natural disasters. However, most international donors, especially the U.S., consider foreign aid provided to developing countries as fruitless, with large amounts of funding have resulting in little progress, such as the case in Haiti. What the international community must realize is that little progress will be seen in promoting sustainable economic and social development until reproductive health and population growth are addressed. Given the typical overwhelming family size, the ability of Haitians to financially support themselves is not likely to occur anytime in the near future. Development in Haiti will be stalled if donors do not mandate that a portion of the long term assistance aid be given to improving family planning options.
In the end, the U.S. and other wealthy donor nations must acknowledge and be prepared to formulate better development goals for poverty-stricken nations that focus on family planning and sustained population growth. Not only is more assistance required, since only about one percent of the U.S. budget is currently put towards foreign aid, there also needs to be a consensus that some aid should be directed at the grassroots level (such as family planning) before being applied to grander development projects down the road.
Charlotte Griggs is a research associate with the Council on Hemipsheric Analysis, from where this article was adapted.
Superwomen: Portraits Of Olympians ... And Moms
Hide caption Candace Parker, basketball, with their daughter Lailaa. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Mickey Kelly, alternate for modern pentathlon and a U.S. Army captain, with their daughter Lily. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Lashinda Demus, hurdles, with twin sons Duaine and Dohntay. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Keli Smith Puzo, field hockey, with sons Xavi and Ian. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Danielle Scott-Arruda, volleyball, with grandniece Madison (left) and daughter Julianne. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Tayyiba Haneef-Park, volleyball, with son AJ. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Laura Kraut, equestrian show jumping, with son Bobby. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
Hide caption Khatuna Lorig, archery, with son Levan. Previous Next Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser 1 of 8 i View slideshow
When Jennifer Pottheiser photographed basketball player Lisa Leslie before the 2008 Olympic Games, they couldn't believe that the WNBA player was both an Olympic competitor and a new mom.
Four years later, they set out to find other American women who were juggling Olympic training with diaper changes, bath times and breast-feeding.
(For more on why this is such a big deal, check out Petula Dvorak's great article in the Washington Post.)
Pottheiser photographed eight of this year's Olympians in a combination of formal portraits and documentary images. A commercial photographer who mainly works with male athletes, they said photographing the women was a humbling and eye-opening experience.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser Courtesy of Jennifer Pottheiser
"It was remarkable to me how relaxed they were. They recognized that when they step off the court or the field, there's a 3-year-old that wants to go to the park and doesn't care whether you had a bad game."
They were also surprised by how normal they seemed, despite demanding training schedules.
"Candace Parker was out walking their dogs at 7:30 a.m. and picking up poop just like everyone else. It's not the image you have of glorified athletes – they are just normal people who are the best in the world at what they do."
Pottheiser now has a newly vested interest in watching the London Games.
"I was watching Lashinda Demus last night, and I said, 'That's my mom, that's my mom!' I think that all of them are supermoms, and to see them in action was remarkable."
See more pictures of Olympic moms on Jennifer Pottheiser's website.
The mother has a voice: Meg Ryan has been cast as the narrator for CBS' How I Met Your Mother spin-off.
The actor has landed the unseen vocal role in the How I Met Your Dad pilot, which is considered an obvious front-runner for a series order for CBS' schedule next season. She'll supply the voice of “future Sally” (played during the series in flashback by Greta Gerwig), the same way Bob Saget supplied the voice for future Ted in HIMYM. Like Saget, their character will never be seen.
Ryan is one of the original modern-day rom-com movie stars, having launched their carrier in 1989 with the hit When Harry Met Sally. She's since appeared in Sleepless in Seattle, In the Cut, and had a recurring role on Showtime's Web Therapy. How I Met Your Dad is their first major prime-time TV series regular role. CBS and studio 20th Century Fox TV had no comment.
We've learned (via Polygon) that Los Angeles-based developer Spark Unlimited has ended game development, and laid off all their staff. They will reportedly no longer making games, following the release of their last game, Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z.
The news comes via a former employee, who corroborated the details originally found by NeoGAF, where the company's assets were up for sale via asset liquidation site CMA Auctions.
“It's the end of Spark as a game developer,” said John Butrovich, chief technical officer at Spark Unlimited, to Polygon. They pointed out that principal members of the studio “have decided to move on to other things.” Spark Unlimited co-founder Craig Allen quietly resigned as president and CEO from the company late last year “to pursue other ventures and interests.”
While their free-to-play game and any remaining projects have been cancelled, they are no longer working on games. However, they have other means of income, which include a 2014 movie called Nightmare Code, the earnings of which go to a trustee.
From what it sounds like, ex-Spark Unlimited principals and employees will continue to work together on projects outside of video games. The studio had been in business since 2002, and released their first game, Call of Duty: Finest Hour, in 2004. Their most recent titles included Lost Planet 3 in 2013, and Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z, in 2014.
The mainstream media has been co-opted by the government to such an extraordinary extent over the past seven years, and appear to be concealing the facts of so many state sponsored arguments, they should be called 'the Governments' Media'.
ABC News prepared a TV special in the Fall of 2001 about the anonymous ongoing anthrax attacks taking place at that time. Blindly reporting the Bush/Cheney administration's official line that the attacks were from Iraq. In that context, in retrospect now, ABC News appears especially complicit in reporting administration generated lies as facts.
The credibility of mainstream media, in general, and the integrity of the self-image of the American people are the issues at stake, not merely ABCs' corporate hubris. It is a news organizations' patriotic duty to inform the U.S. populace if their sources are lying. The facts will be judged by the passage of time. Today there is massive public doubt concerning the veracity and honesty of both a media and a government awash in a tsunami of obvious self-contradictory disinformation.
Dishonesty has been the modus operandi of the Bush/Cheney administration, et al., from the first day of their election. Amounting to end-to-end lies revealed by nothing less than their own conflicted facts supported by nothing other than smug arrogance. Their hands caught repeatedly in the cookie jar are soiled beyond any possible cleansing. Dirtied by this offence, so too now by apparent collusion, is ABC.
'Facts', so-called, but clearly nothing but grossly misrepresented leaks and outright misinformation, are the order of the day. This continuous stream of lies glaringly obvious to the entire world if not to ourselves, demands a special prosecutor's attention and a thorough investigation of ABC--and other media outlets as well, (are you listening Fox News?)--their sources, and their complicity with the prime movers in the Bush/Cheney administration.
The content of the 'news' presented during the anthrax attacks, (unfortunately not limited to this case), is nothing but propagandistic insemination by a rapist government and the force feeding of lies to a commercially sponsored, integrity starved, enfeebled media. What a horrible legacy to leave for our country. The continuing pretense of this faux news ultimately will bring nothing but dishonor to all involved--you and I are included here. Should we question authority? Hah!
How dare we--We The People--even consider the possibility that our 'journalists', our media, could be held in-place by extortion or, worse, bribed by our own government.
How dare we question! How dare YOU, commercially driven media, dismiss our inquiries! Big media, you have allowed your own victimization. Shall I enumerate your castration one-by-one, YOUR Yellow Journalism, YOUR sell out...whoa, that would be more than a pair, THAT would be legion!
Remember that archaic contract you signed onto, the one where being a citizen of THIS country entitled you to certain rights? You know the one: the Constitution...our birthright. Do you now instead of legitimacy prefer to be known as the governments' bastard child?
ABC come clean, for yourselves, for us. Make the honorable decision willingly, professionally, regarding the sources for the anthrax story of 2001. If you cannot muster the courage now, events over time will.
Be afraid, be very afraid.
GHD/RHN
Following Glenn Greenwald's www.SALON.com blog, 'Journalists, their lying sources, and the anthrax investigation', August 3, 2008, http://www.salon.com/opinion/greenwald/2008/08/03/journalism/index.html�also, http://www.poynter.org/column.asp?id=31&aid=148199
SANDY SPRINGS, GA - It was a 911 call from a woman who said they were being held against their will that led police to arrest a human trafficking suspect.
The call came from a 20-year-old woman alerting police that they and other women were being held at a home located in the 100 block of Strauss Lane.
"It's house of full of girls and...if I try to leave, he'll try to kill me," the caller told the dispatcher.
Police said they arrested 33-year-old Kenndric Roberts of Sandy Springs in connection with the incident.
They also told the operator that they met Roberts on a website called "Seeking Arrangements" and that they forced them to have plastic surgery and makes the women dance for money.
PHOTOS: Human trafficking suspect holds 8 women captive in million-dollar home
PHOTOS: Human trafficking suspect arrested for holding women hostage 33-year-old Kenndric Roberts
When police arrived at the home they found eight women being held against their will.
With the assistance of the FBI, Roberts was arrested on Tuesday and charged with false imprisonment and trafficking of persons for labor.
Sign up for the daily Speed Feed Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the Speed Feed Please try again later.
Submit
"We believe that he'd been making promises to some of these ladies for modeling careers -- financial assistance," said Sandy Springs Police Sgt. Sam Worsham.
Neighbors said they'd noticed several luxury cars at the house, and said the blinds were normally shut, but none suspected anything illicit was taking place behind the home's doors.
Four of the women are receiving victims' assistance; the others have returned to their homes or are staying with friends. They range in age from 19 to 23.
MORE | Being a Diamond Kitty: Inside the alleged human trafficking Sandy Springs mansion
At least one of the women said they met Roberts through an online dating platform, SeekingArrangement.com. That site issued a statement late Tuesday afternoon saying:
“We are just learning about this story, along with the rest of the world.
At this time, we are conducting our own internal research and currently have no additional information.
SeekingArrangement.com is a dating platform intended to be used to connect people interested in mutually beneficial relationships.
We do not condone any illegal activity, and take active measures to protect the integrity of both our site and our members.
As always, we intend to cooperate fully with the authorities on any investigation.”
Roberts is being held at the Fulton County Jail.
Have you ever heard of Gattaca? It's a sci-fi movie that revolves around reproductive technologies, in order to create "perfect" children. It explores a possible future that would allow parents to decide what sex their child will be, the colour of their eyes, make them immune to illness, etc... Now, I'm sure some of you are already aware that this is already possible to do to some extent in special clinics, but what concerned me when I watched this film in philosophy class is the fact that in future there would be a possibility for parents to tick the box "heterosexual" and "cis-gendered" on a sheet of paper and there it would be, the end of all people whose gender and or sexual orientation didn't fit into what society considers as normal and acceptable. It worried me, children would no longer be conceived out of love and loved for who they are but would be made through a laboratory and wouldn't be loved for who they are, but for who they're made to be.
Well guess what. Gattaca has come, and I've finally lost faith in humanity because lets face it, what they're doing isn't human. They're confronting and replacing mother nature, if nature does something it's because it usually has its reason to do so, but no; Man knows best of course and this is why... Doctors are using a synthetic off-label drug - a drug that hasn't been approved by the Food and Drug Administration - to prevent lesbian, bisexual, intersex and tomboy babies! Yes that's right you read it correctly.
A recent paper published in Journal of Bioethical Inquiry, by Alice Dreger details a dangerous fetal engineering process, in which doctors are using a synthetic steroid to prevent female babies being born with with the condition congenital adrenal hyperplasia - genetic disease involving the malfunction of adrenal glands and endocrine organs that contribute to the production of sex steroids - which means a higher risk of females being born as intersex or with masculine behaviour.
*This intervention has been aimed at preventing development of ambiguous genitalia, the urogenital sinus, tomboyism, and lesbianism.
Pregnant women who are at risk of giving birth to a child with the congenital adrenal hyperplasia condition are given a synthetic steroid drug: dexamethasone, in order to "normalise" the fetuses; in other words to make their brains more female-typical than they might be without the treatment.
Prenatal dexamethasone is meant to engineer the CAH-affected female fetus's hormonal system to be typically female.
However the drug has to be given before one can tell if the fetus is female or male and so, in the end only 1 out 8 fetuses are the targeted fetus
What is even more disturbing is that some parents are OK with this, there are parents who are willing to risk their child's life and health just to make sure they aren't queer! Tell me parents, is having a gay or tomboy child so bad that you're willing to risk your unborn baby's life and health just to make sure they aren't born that way? Because for lack of quality studies, there isn't even any solid proof that this drug works:
For lack of quality clinical studies, the 2010 Task Force could not even say with any confidence whether prenatal dexamethasone works to reduce genital virilization.
Yet people still seem happy in risking a child's health, a child who can't have any say in whether they want to be part of such a medical experimentation.
The problem here is that the doctors are openly admitting that there is something genetic about being gay, and so gay and bisexual people really are Born This Way, but instead of accepting that and agreeing that the QUILTBAG community is normal they are going to try and fix us. You see parents and doctors, you're trying to fix something that isn't broken, and you know how the saying goes...
I don't even think that these doctors have considered the fact that not every female who likes stereotypical male activities is gay, just as not every lesbian or bisexual woman is tomboy.
In more ways than not, this experiment seems to be a way of eliminating parents anxieties, and thus this treatment isn't really meant to benefit the child, to make their life "better" or "easier", but rather the parents. I don't know if one can justify experimenting on a fetus to reduce a parent's anxiety especially when there are many risks to be taken into account...
This seems all too familiar in a way, do any of you remember what the Nazis did during the Second World War? They experimented on humans, and most of these people were young Jewish children.
Nazism and these experiments ended when the Second World War was over, and everyone condemned the Nazis for doing such horrible things, yet here we are today in Western Society doing it all again, experimenting on children, unborn children. How messed up is the world?
To finish, I think that these Doctors, who instead of making peoples' lives better by finding cures to diseases are actually increasing the risk of cancers and other illnesses by playing the role of mother nature, should read the Geneva convention which prohibits such experiments.
Medical experiments : In prohibiting medical experiments on protected persons, the Diplomatic Conference wished to abolish for ever the criminal practices from which thousands of persons suffered in the death camps of the last world war.
The Convention, however, refers only to "medical or scientific experiments not necessitated by the medical treatment of a protected person". It does not, therefore, prevent doctors using new forms of treatment for medical reasons with the sole object of improving the patient's condition. It must be permissible to use new medicaments and methods invented by science, provided that they are used only for therapeutic purposes. Protected persons must not in any circumstances be used as "guinea-pigs" for medical experiments .
"Biological experiments" are also prohibited by the other three Conventions of 1949 and they are listed among the "grave breaches" in Article 147.
It doesn't take a genius to understand that this sort of thinking and experimentation can only lead to some serious damage in the long, if not short run. Who has the right to say and decide who you're born as? No one. It seems that this sort of experiment is going against what people tell every child as they grow up: just be yourself.
Silvio Berlusconi has called themselves the world's most persecuted person
Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has come under fire after a TV channel they own secretly filmed a judge who ruled against them in a bribery case.
Mr Berlusconi's Canale 5 channel aired footage of the judge taking a walk, smoking and visiting a barber shop.
A lawyers' association reported the incident to Italy's privacy watchdog and declared a "state of protest".
Earlier this month, Judge Raimondo Mesiano found Mr Berlusconi "co-responsible" of bribing legal officers.
In the hidden camera footage - which was aired on Thursday - the narrator calls the judge's behaviour "eccentric".
They point to them smoking the "umpteenth" cigarette, and calls their turquoise socks "strange".
The narrator adds: "He's impatient... they can only relax at the barber's".
Sock protest
We don't think there are similar precedents in Italy of denigrating a person and de-legitimising an essential and delicate function
Italian National Association of Magistrates
In pictures: PM's annus horribilis Q&A: Berlusconi v the courts
Lawyers and civil rights groups said the secret filming was an unprecedented violation of privacy of a member of the judiciary.
"We don't think there are similar precedents in Italy of denigrating a person and de-legitimising an essential and delicate function," the Italian National Association of Magistrates said in a statement.
The leader of the opposition Democratic Party, Dario Franceschini, reportedly wore a pair of turquoise socks on Sunday to show solidarity with the judge.
'Notoriety'
Mediaset, which owns Canale 5, defended the broadcast, saying it showed a magistrate who "has acquired national and international notoriety".
On 5 October, Judge Mesiano found Mr Berlusconi "co-responsible" for the bribery of a judge who decided in favour of their holding company, Fininvest, in a business takeover deal.
Fininvest was ordered to pay 750m euros ($1.1bn; £685m) in compensation to its rival company.
Mr Berlusconi claims that Italy's legal system is packed with left-wing magistrates who are out to get him.
Earlier this month, Italy's top court lifted a law granting them immunity while in office.
Correspondents say the ruling means the 73-year-old billionaire may have to face a number of trials for corruption and bribery within months.
By Donna Gates
Guest Writer for Wake Up World
Okay, they taste good… and they're easy. In fact, they're everywhere you look. Processed foods seem like the answer to today's busy lives. And new fads and fancy advertisements make promises that keep us coming back for more.
But before you hit the vending machine or the fast food window, find out what the processed food industry doesn't want you to know.
1. Processed foods are addictive and can cause you to over-eat.
Whole foods are made up of carbohydrates, proteins, fats, fiber and water. When foods are processed the components of these foods are modified (for example, fiber, water and nutrients are removed) and in other cases, components are concentrated. In each case, processing changes the way they are digested and assimilated in your body.
Eating highly processed or highly concentrated foods can artificially stimulate dopamine (the pleasure neurotransmitter), which plays a role in addiction. In this way, you are eating foods that lack nutrients and fiber, but create a pleasurable feeling.
A food addiction starts because you feel good when you are eating these foods and they make you think they taste better. You crave that pleasurable feeling again and again and viola… this is what starts a food addiction.[1]
2. Processed foods are linked to obesity.
Additives in processed foods, like high fructose corn syrup, sugar and MSG have been linked to weight gain and obesity.[2]
Dr. Mercola recently reported about a new study that showed childhood obesity could be reduced by 18 percent, simply by cutting out fast food advertisements during children's programming.[3] The Australian government is clearly more concerned about their children's health as television advertisements to children were banned several years ago.
3. Processed foods often contain ingredients that do not follow the principle of food combining, which can lead to low energy, poor digestion, illness, acidic blood and weight gain.
An example would be a frozen meat and cheese pizza. Cheese (a dairy product), meat (an animal protein) and pizza crust (a grain product) make a terrible food combination that can wreak havoc on your digestive health.
4. Processed foods contribute to an imbalanced inner ecosystem, which can lead to digestive problems, cravings, illness and disease. Beneficial microflora cannot survive in your digestive tract when you are poisoning them. Like us they thrive on foods that are made by nature not by man.
5. A diet high in processed foods can lead to depression, memory issues and mood swings.
Ingredients in processed foods are often the lowest cost and sub-par, nutritionally. For example, the fats and oils used in processed foods are refined, which means they are stripped of the essential fatty acids necessary for healthy blood sugar levels, moods and memory. Your heart, hormones and brain suffer when you choose to eat these fats and oils. Instead choose the organic, unrefined or “virgin” fats and oils that are recommended on The Body Ecology Diet.
6. Processed foods often go hand in hand with “eating on the run” or multitasking.
Most people will choose convenience if they are on the run and in today's busy lives, who of us isn't? Unfortunately, multitasking while eating causes people to lose touch with their natural appetite, often leading to weight gain. Additionally, multitasking sends the wrong signals to your digestive system, which needs to be in a restful mode to digest properly.
7. Nutrition labels on processed foods are often misleading and have harmful health effects.
Many labels say “sugar free,” but contain other sweeteners like agave, which is like high fructose corn syrup. Additionally, product labeling may hide ingredients like GM (genetically modified) foods and harmful additives like MSG. These are hidden behind words on the label like “natural flavorings” or “approved spices”.[4]
8. Diets high in processed meats (like hot dogs and deli meats) have been linked to various forms of cancer, such as pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer and stomach cancer.[5]
9. Eating too many processed foods can lead to infertility and malnutrition.
Processed foods, like cereal, are stripped of important vitamins and nutrients that your body truly needs. You could be eating a large amount of calories and still be malnourished if your diet is high in processed foods. Animal studies have shown that over three generations, a deficient diet causes reproduction to cease.[6] Today, infertility is on the rise, affecting 7.3 million people in America alone.
10. Processed foods are made for long shelf-life, not long human life!
Chemicals, additives and preservatives are added to processed foods so that they will last for a long time without going rancid or affecting the taste of the food. Food manufacturers spend time, money and research on beautiful packaging and strategies to lengthen shelf-life, with little attention on how the foods will lengthen your life or create lasting health.[7]
Honor Your Body With Body Ecology
Eating processed foods is a vicious cycle. They are convenient, they taste good, we get quick energy and pleasure… then comes the slump. We rebound from this slump by eating even more processed food and the vicious cycle continues. Over time, your energy drops. Perhaps you notice weight gain or other signs of aging.
So how do you break the vicious cycle?
By following the 7 healthy eating principles of the Body Ecology program and choosing our delicious, properly prepared “real” foods. Body Ecology is a whole foods diet that can create new health in your digestive system, and your immune system and also restore your youthful vitality.
One simple, convenient change can boost your health and immunity!
If you are living life on the go, how about adding at least 2-4 ounces of probiotic-rich Coco-Biotic to your daily routine? Fast, easy AND super healthy, Coco-Biotic aids your digestion, boosts your energy and is a best-kept beauty secret for beautiful skin and hair. Forgo those so-called energy drinks and choose Coco-Biotic for long lasting health and beauty!
If you are not ready to change your diet completely, here are two quick, easy steps that pack a huge punch in health benefits:
1. Add fermented foods and drinks to your diet.
Fermented foods and drinks, like cultured vegetables and probiotic liquids are key to aiding your digestion, boosting your immunity and providing lasting energy. Start today by committing to a shot of probiotic-rich Coco-Biotic before breakfast and again for a mid-afternoon pick me up. Quick and convenient, it's a much more potent treat or “pleasure-booster” to give your body during your busy day.
2. Ditch your sugar and substitute with all-natural Lakanto.
Zero-calorie, zero-gylcemic index and safe for diabetics, Lakanto is the best way to break your sugar addiction. We have received e-mails each week from people who tell us that by discovering Lakanto they now can avoid sugar. They feel great, have lost a lot of weight and couldn't have broken their sugar addiction without it. It's natural to want to satisfy your sweet tooth, but you deserve to be healthy too! Simply replace your sugar with Lakanto, which looks, tastes and bakes like sugar – and you'll be on your way to delicious health!
These two steps alone may have you feeling so energized that you are ready to tackle the Body Ecology program for even better health!
Honor your body, your taste buds AND your health with the 7 principles of Body Ecology. Changing a few habits today can lead to a lifetime of good health!
Sources:
Goldhammer, Alan, D.C., Dietary Addictions: Why eating healthfully is so difficult. National Health Association. Tsang, Gloria, R.D. and Girdler, Lauren. MSG and Your Weight. September 2008. Health Castle. http://www.healthcastle.com/msg Mercola, Joe, O.D. Simple Change Could Reduce Obesity in U.S. by 20 Percent. Mercola.com.
Krebs, Al. New Poll – 94% of Americans Want Labels on GE Foods. Organic Consumers. Tsang, Gloria, R.D., Processed Meat and Cancer. August 2006. Health Castle. Fallon, Sally. Dirty Secrets of the Food Processing Industry. Weston A. Price Foundation. Davis, Jordan K., M.D. Shelf Life is Not Your Life. Total Health Communications. Vangsness, R.D., L.D.N., C.N.S.D. Mastering the Mindful Meal. Brigham and Women's Hospital.
About the author:
Donna Gates is the international bestselling author of The Body Ecology Diet: Recovering Your Health and Rebuilding Your Immunity, The Baby Boomer Diet: Anti-Aging Wisdom For Every Generation, and Stevia: Cooking with Nature's Calorie-Free Sweetener. Them most recent book The Body Ecology Guide To Growing Younger: Anti-Aging Wisdom for Every Generation was published in January 2013.
Donna's groundbreaking work has been instrumental in transforming the natural foods industry. Over the past 25 years, Donna has become one of the most loved and respected authorities in the field of digestive health, diet, and nutrition, enjoying a worldwide reputation as an expert in candida, adrenal fatigue, autism, autoimmune diseases, weight loss and anti-aging. They regularly contribute to The Huffington Post and The Daily Love, lectures at the “I Can Do It!” Conference, The Longevity Now Conference, and Women's Wellness Conference, and hosts a show on Hay House Radio.
As a key figure in the autism movement, Donna works with top doctors in the field who view their diet as instrumental in changing the theory behind and treatment of the disorder. They founded Body Ecology Diet Recovering Our Kids (BEDROK), an active online community of over 2,000 parents, many of whom have seen their children previously diagnosed with autism achieve full recovery.
For more information, please visit www.bodyecology.com
Gene Simmons to release box set with 150 unreleased songs
KISS‘ founder and bassist Gene Simmons was recently interviewed by Canton Rep and asked whether there is any possibility of KISS following up 2012's Monster studio album with new music in the future to which they replied: “We're so busy touring around the world, and people in America might not know it, but we just came back from Japan, and we're going to Europe in May. We start in Moscow May 1. It's just tough to find the time to sit down for six months and do nothing but a record. I'm not inclined to go out there and work your ass off making something you're proud of and then to have everybody steal it and download it and file share it. That's not for me.”
When asked if they got any satisfaction at all in writing, recording and putting something out for himself, Simmons advised: “Well, I can tell you I'm working on a box set that is gonna put together 150 songs that have never been released. That news is gonna be released soon.”
Simmons is also embarking on some solo tour dates for the first time in their career to which they stated: “This is gonna be a first for me… Outside of Kiss, I've never done a solo tour. I never did anything like that. Every once in a while I'll jump up on stage and do a song with somebody. Johnny Depp and I did a few songs together, a few other knuckleheads, but that's about it. When Wizard World and I agreed to do five events together, the idea of jumping up onstage and gulping it on for an hour or so came up. And I got a great bunch of guys, real rocking guys who are gonna get up with me, and we'll play all the hits and have ourselves a good old time.”
You can read the rest of the interview with Simmons at Canton Rep.
[stilted voice of god/preacher]
In the Year of Our Lord, twenty-fourteen, came, the "Great Salvation of the Homophobes."
Yea, though over many years, they have spread the Good News of Homophobia, today, the Religious Right's greatest gift, is denial.
Now that their most homophobic offspring has been signed into law in Uganda, these men of God must presently seek a different path.
Behold! The Miracle of Denial!
Good Reverend Rick Warren has always been a kind-hearted moderate and never told anti-gay Ugandans that "homosexuality is . . . not a human right."
Most holy Pastor Scott Lively was shocked, shocked that Uganda would pass a law calling for life imprisonment for homosexuals . . . particularly after their scholarly visits speaking to priests, parliamentarians and the powerful-- explaining the evil Gay Agenda.
And, "The Family," a Godly and secretive association, had only the purest intentions when a globe-trotting Senator visited Africa one-hundred-and-eight times, attending prayer breakfasts with the legislation's author . . . and inviting them back to the United States three times.
Forget not, the work of Reverend Lou Engle and Richard Cohen, who through the miracle of post-legislative conversion, can now hardly find Uganda on a map.
And remember, for all eternity, the Good News of Homophobia spread by the most devout Family Research Council and the American Family Association.
May the Miracle of Denial keep the Religious Right pure as they spread the Good News of Homophobia to Uganda, Nigeria, Russia, Latvia, and wherever hatred finds a home.
Now go, witness the Salvation of the Homophobes, as they bathe in the healing waters, of denial.
• PFA Player of the Year had rejected a new contract worth £80,000 a week • Leicester unwilling to accept offers with little time to secure replacement
Riyad Mahrez has accepted they will not be allowed to leave Leicester this month after talks between their representatives and the Premier League champions' director of football on Wednesday.
Leicester make £23m offer for Brazil forward Gabriel Barbosa Read more
Last season's PFA Player of the Year expressed their desire to move last month after turning down a new contract worth around £80,000 a week. Yet Leicester's owners, having sold N'Golo Kanté to Chelsea and persuaded Jamie Vardy to reject a transfer to Arsenal, were adamant Mahrez would not be allowed to depart despite interest from several clubs in the Premier League and overseas.
The director of football, Jon Rudkin, met the Algerian international's agent on Wednesday to underline that point, with Leicester not willing to entertain any bids for Mahrez so close to the start of the season with little time left to find a replacement.
Negotiations over a new contract will continue, however, with any agreement potentially resting on whether the 25-year-old would be allowed to leave if a suitable bid is received in future.
Claudio Ranieri signs new four-year contract with Leicester City Read more
Reports in France on Wednesday claimed that Arsenal offered £35m for a player purchased from Le Havre in 2014 for £375,000, although that was denied by both clubs. Mahrez has also been linked with Chelsea and Barcelona in the past but Leicester have previously indicated it would take a bid well in excess of £50m to persuade them to sell.
Leicester have submitted a €27m (£23.2m) bid for the Santos forward Gabriel Barbosa – known as Gabigol– who is playing for Brazil at the Rio Olympics. The 19-year-old's future is likely to be decided after the Games.
Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam this weekend revealed the cover of their new book, No Go Zones: How Sharia Law Is Coming to a Neighborhood Near You.
The book — available for pre-order now — details Kassam's travels through European and American neighborhoods where Islamic law finds itself a part of local communities and ties together narratives between these new ghettos and Islamic radicalism.
The book, published by Regnery, is due to be released on August 14 and is currently available on Amazon, as well as through Barnes and Noble, Books-a-Million, and iBooks/iTunes.
The stark cover image — sure to outrage liberals and No Go Zone deniers — depicts a Statue of Liberty veiled with in a full burqa, an item of clothing so regressive it has even been banned by the French government and other public places across Europe:
https://twitter.com/RaheemKassam/status/888478422355324928
Speaking of the cover, Kassam said, “It's an image that some will claim is ‘outrageous' or ‘hyperbolic,' but when you look at what is going on regarding the discussion around Islam — as well as what is taking places in areas across the U.S., such as Hamtramck in Michigan — it is both a stark warning about failing to demand assimilation or integration from new migrants, and a muzzle effectively placed on Lady Liberty.”
JihadWatch director Robert Spencer said of the new book, “Raheem Kassam is one of the most fearless and insightful journalists on the scene today, and they pull no punches in No Go Zones: How Sharia Law is Coming to a Neighborhood Near You as they boldly expose what most of their peers and colleagues would rather pass over in silence or, even worse, actively deny in the face of an ever-increasing mountain of evidence.
“All that evidence is in this book, presented with the candor and realism that is so urgently needed on this increasingly serious issue. No Go Zones is a unique look at a phenomenon that is growing under the noses of our politicians and law enforcement officials, who are too busy pursuing ‘outreach' to Muslim communities to notice.”
No Go Zones, with its foreword by former UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage, is available for pre-order now and is published on August 14 by Regnery Publishing.
The team is hard at work behind the scenes making sure they do their best to deliver product to those who back our crowdfunding campaigns. Instead of staying quiet for weeks during that process I thought I would share a few photos our CEO, Joshua Montgomery, took while on their recent travels around the country taking meetings with people about Mycroft.
In these photos you might recognize a few famous locations around the country and know where they are visiting. Others might be a bit more challenging to identify. In the coming months they will be taking a relatively similar tour around the country and will be available to attend meetups and maybe have drinks. Send me a note (social@mycroft.ai) if you live in Boulder, Denver, Las Vegas, San Francisco, Chicago, Boston, and New York and I will let you know when they are making their next trip.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked US Secretary of State John Kerry for blocking an Egyptian-led drive on a possible Middle East nuclear arms ban at a United Nations conference, an Israeli official said on Saturday.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
It was a rare message of thanks from Netanyahu, who has repeatedly accused President Barack Obama of undermining Israel's security by attempting to reach a nuclear deal with Iran.
The United States on Friday blocked a global document aimed at ridding the world of nuclear weapons, saying Egypt and other states tried to "cynically manipulate" the process by setting a deadline for Israel and its neighbors to meet within months on a Middle East zone free of such weapons.
The now-failed final document of a landmark treaty review conference had called on the UN secretary-general to convene the Middle East conference no later than March 2016, regardless of whether Israel and its neighbors agree on an agenda.
Netanyahu and Kerry meet in Jerusalem (Photo: Flash90)
Israel is not a party to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and has never publicly declared what is widely considered to be an extensive nuclear weapons program. A conference might force Israel to acknowledge it.
Netanyahu spoke with Kerry "to convey their appreciation to President Obama and to the Secretary," a senior Israeli official said on condition of anonymity.
"The United States kept its commitment to Israel by preventing a Middle East resolution that would single out Israel and ignore its security interests and the threats posed to it by an increasingly turbulent Middle East," the official added.
Israel also thanked Britain and Canada for joining the United States in blocking consensus at the conference, the official said.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon voiced disappointment that NPT parties were "unable to narrow their differences on the future of nuclear disarmament or to arrive at a new collective vision on how to achieve a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction (WMD)."
Since adopting a final document requires consensus, the rejection by the United States, backed by Britain and Canada, means the entire blueprint for global nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation for the next five years has been blocked after four weeks of negotiations. The next treaty review conference is in 2020.
That has alarmed countries without nuclear weapons, who are increasingly frustrated by what they see as the slow pace of nuclear-armed countries to disarm. The United States and Russia hold more than 90 percent of the estimated 16,000 nuclear weapons in the world today.
Amid a growing movement that stresses the humanitarian impact of nuclear weapons, Austria announced that 107 states have now signed a pledge calling for legal measures to ban and eliminate them.
The US comments Friday came after a top State Department official was dispatched to Israel this week for intense talks, as Israel protested the idea of being forced into a conference with its Arab neighbors without prior agreement on an agenda.
Israel had been furious when the US at the treaty review conference five years ago signed off on a document that called for talks on a Middle East nuclear-free zone by 2012. Those talks never took place.
The language on the final document rejected Friday was "incompatible with our long-standing policies," said Rose Gottemoeller, the US under secretary of state for arms control and international security.
They named Egypt as being one of the countries "not willing to let go of these unrealistic and unworkable conditions."
Egypt later said it was extremely disappointed and warned, "This will have consequences in front of the Arab world and public opinion."
Iran, speaking for a group of more than 100 mostly developing countries, said it was surprised to see the US, Britain and Canada willing to block the entire document in defense of a country that it said has endangered the region by not agreeing to safeguards for its nuclear program.
Israel has been a fierce critic of the current efforts of world powers to negotiate an agreement with Iran over its nuclear program, which Iran says is for peaceful purposes only.
Gottemoeller also pointed out that the 2010 mandate to hold a conference on a Middle East nuclear-free zone has now effectively expired. The head of the Russian delegation, Mikhail Ulyanov, noted the setback, saying it was "a shame that an opportunity for dialogue has to be missed, perhaps for a long time to come."
Scores of New Orleanians were unjustly imprisoned when the criminal justice system collapsed after Hurricane Katrina, but Abdulrahman Zeitoun's wrongful arrest was undoubtedly one of the most celebrated. Their post-Katrina plight was the focus of the 2009 book "Zeitoun" by Dave Eggers, one of the most well-received chronicles of the storm.
On Monday, Zeitoun again wore a jail uniform as they sat on a courtroom bench surrounded by other inmates. But this time, Zeitoun's appearance at Orleans Parish Criminal District Court reflected the profoundly troubling turn their life has taken of late, which has seen them arrested twice on charges of assaulting their ex-wife. The Zeitouns' loving relationship formed the backbone of Eggers' story.
The most recent arrest occurred on July 25, when Zeitoun allegedly struck Kathy Zeitoun with their fists and a tire iron and attempted to choke them outside a lawyer's office near the intersection of Jackson Avenue and Prytania Street. Zeitoun was on probation for attacking Kathy Zeitoun, their then-wife, in front of their children at one of their Dart Street properties in March 2011. Last summer, they pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of negligent injuring in that assault and was sentenced to anger-management classes.
Magistrate Judge Gerard Hansen decided Monday morning not to revoke Zeitoun's probation because of the new arrest, saying the 54-year-old man should have been released from supervision after the successful completion of the treatment program. Hansen's decision means Zeitoun can leave jail if they post a $150,000 bond for the latest attack.
After the hearing, a shaken Kathy Zeitoun said they had wanted their ex-husband to remain locked up without the possibility of bail. "He tried to kill me," they said, wondering aloud how they could have complied with their probation when they have had to call the police about them in recent month. They have also filed requests for protective orders with the Orleans Parish civil court, claiming that Abdulrahman Zeitoun has attacked the couple's children.
Outside the courtroom, Kathy Zeitoun, 41, showed a reporter photographs of bruises, scrapes and marks on their body, which they say they received in the July beating. They said their ex-husband also struck their windshield with the tire iron, producing a picture of the busted glass.
A short police gist filed into the court record notes the responding NOPD officer saw lacerations on Kathy Zeitoun and took written statements from several people about the incident.
J.C. Lawrence, an attorney for Abdulrahman Zeitoun, declined to comment for this story. Another lawyer filed a motion in civil court earlier this year arguing Kathy Zeitoun filed requests for protective orders so they would not have to comply with court-ordered child visitation for their ex-husband.
Eggers' 2009 book about Abdulrahman Zeitoun, known around the city for their eponymous house-painting business, tells the story of Zeitoun's time in the city, helping people in their flooded neighborhood until they and friends were inexplicably detained by a group of soldiers. Zeitoun was not the only person falsely arrested after Katrina -- perhaps the most famous is Lance Madison, who was booked with shooting at police on the Danziger Bridge -- but parts of the book suggest their group was detained because some of them were Middle Eastern. One soldier at the makeshift jail at the Greyhound bus station where they were held is quoted as saying the men were members of al-Qaeda, the terrorist organization.
However, interviews with the arresting officers at the end of the book indicate they arrested the men because they suspected them of looting, leading Eggers to the conclusion that the arrests were a product of "systemic ignorance and malfunction" as opposed to ethnic profiling.
Along with detailing Zeitoun's time at "Camp Greyhound" and their longer stay at a state prison, the book portrays their stable marriage to Kathy and delves into their panic when they lost track of them after the storm. Kathy Zeitoun had evacuated with the couple's children, and they had been touching base with their husband by phone until their arrest.
The award-winning book also chronicled Abdulrahman Zeitoun's youth in Syria and Kathy Zeitoun's conversion to Islam.
The book's publication led to the creation of the Zeitoun Foundation, to which Eggers donated their share of the book sales. According to an email from Eggers' assistant, the foundation has distributed more than $250,000 in grants to nonprofit organizations in New Orleans and "building interfaith understanding." Kathy Zeitoun said the Zeitouns are not involved in the foundation.
A website for the foundation notes the book has been selected for various university and city reading programs. A section of the site about the Zeitouns does not mention Abdulrahman Zeitoun's domestic-violence arrests or the couple's divorce earlier this year. The March 2011 arrest was first reported by the "Smoking Gun" website in January.
An assistant to Eggers said they could not reach them Monday.
Kathy Zeitoun said they consider Eggers' book a faithful and accurate portrait of the couple's shared ordeal during Katrina. But they believe they must publicly shed light on their ex-husband's violent side, which they say has emerged in recent years. "I'm not going to be quiet about it anymore because being quiet puts them in a position to do it again," they said.
Kathy Zeitoun offered several possible reasons for their husband's changed behavior, including their adoption of a "radical" religious philosophy that they emphasized does not reflect true Muslim beliefs. They also questioned whether their imprisonment could have changed him.
"They took their control away; they took mine and my children's," they said.
*******
Laura Maggi can be reached at lmaggi@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3316.
Chad Portrayed by Evan Bobrick Character information Status Alive Gender Male Ethnicity White Social life Occupation High School Student Relationships Walter White (chemistry teacher) †
Unnamed girlfriend Appearances in Breaking Bad First Last " Pilot " " Pilot " Appearances in Better Call Saul First Last —— —— Images (2)
Chad is a disrespectful student from Walter White's chemistry class at the J. P. Wynne High School.
Contents show]
History
Season 1
After being called out by Walt for flirting with a girl in class, when confronted, Chad disrupted the lesson by dragging the chair loudly back to their seat, but even then, the girl they were flirting with gives them a disgusted look. They later drove their Chevrolet Corvette C6 to the car wash Walt was working at, and surprisingly discovered that their chemistry teacher is washing their car. They jeered and took photographs of Walt washing their car. ("Pilot")
Google searches on 'free speech' peak in the week of August 2017. Credit:Google Google search data even shows a link between the term "free speech" and the August 2017 event. Some of Milo Yiannopoulos' most provocative events have been staged under the banner of "free speech," a claim repeated to defend their visit to Australia. Part of today's political crisis stems from this cultivated confusion that conflates freedom of expression with extremist ideas such as racial superiority, or blanket bans on people based on their religion (as long as it's Islam). Ideas, in other words, that are frankly incompatible with a modern democracy.
The permit for the Charlottesville, Virginia rally claimed 'free speech.' People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of protesters demonstrating against a white nationalist in August. Credit:AP Yet, co-opting words like "freedom" and "justice", which stand for ideas central to democracy only increases divisions within political society. This trend has infected a number of debates in Australia – most notably the same-sex marriage debate, which former Prime Minister Tony Abbott tried to make about "free speech" and "political correctness", and the debate about the "right to be a bigot" in the right's attack on discrimination law through section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act. The linguistic judo moves by far-right and alt-right trolls are made much easier to pull off with the proliferation of the internet and social media. One tactic of globalised extremist movements is to coordinate efforts while using more mainstream language to draw in more would-be followers.
A recent report by UK-based Institute for Strategic Dialogue on nationalist movements concluded: "White supremacist movements managed to penetrate the mainstream by strategically framing their fringe narratives through [the] socially more acceptable lens of freedom of speech and criticism of multiculturalism, the globalist elites and political correctness." This effort is aided tremendously by bots, trolls, and rapidly created websites. In fact, this technology can significantly boost the voice of a smaller number of people, using it in a coordinated effort. Tools and tactics applied to social media and the internet have uncoupled the noise made by an online crowd from its actual size, or location. Consequently, smaller numbers of people, using social media can make events appear bigger than they are.
As destabilising as this battle for influence is, there is a precedent for rejecting the "free speech" argument as a defence for divisive tactics meant to corrode broader political discourse. In the 1950s, American philosopher Sidney Hook wrote that the concept of free speech carried with it the expectation that the competition in the free market of ideas will be honestly conducted. Hook made a distinction between heresy – arguing radically different and controversial ideas – and conspiracy – which involved speech and actions to undermine the entire political system. "The failure to recognise the distinction between heresy and conspiracy is fatal to a liberal civilisation, for the inescapable consequence of their identification is either self-destruction, when heresies are punished as conspiracies, or destruction at the hands of their enemies, when conspiracies are tolerated as heresies." Applied to the "free speech" claim today, one could ask: are alt-right and ethno-nationalists simply arguing for an "radical" political position such as banning Muslims or equating feminism with nazism?
Or, are they taking actions to orchestrate scenes and events to create polarising violence and imagery? People are free to argue whatever idea they please – that's free speech. But if they're using the idea of free speech as a shield for actions to divide and drive wedges into society overall, it's conspiracy. It was this basis that US liberals used to take on communist infiltrators in the union movement in the 1950s. And while Hook's heresy/conspiracy dichotomy had implications for real-life events, the place where it should be applied today is the internet.
That's because civil libertarians still look back to the 20th Century when the remedy for so-called "bad speech" was simply "more speech". Such a remedy doesn't take into account technological changes which mean there is now no economic scarcity to the published word. Today, much of the problem isn't the ability to speak – but the ability to be heard, which itself can be gamed online. The alt-right is highly motivated in part because of the failure of mainstream political parties to articulate a meaningful view of the world for swaths of the public. They recognised a void and have moved to fill it.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia's central bank, which serves as the kingdom's sovereign wealth fund, reported a fall of $6 billion in net foreign assets in March as low oil prices took their toll.
Net foreign assets held by the central bank dropped by 1.0 percent from the previous month to 2.17 trillion riyals ($579 billion) in March, central bank data showed on Thursday.
Assets fell 16.2 percent from a year earlier to their lowest level since April 2012. They reached a record high of $737 billion in August 2014 before starting to shrink. The central bank has been drawing down its assets to cover a huge state budget deficit caused by low oil prices.
The foreign assets are mainly denominated in U.S. dollars, in the form of securities such as U.S. Treasury bonds and deposits with banks abroad, fund industry sources and foreign banking sources told Reuters.
Equities account for a small fraction, perhaps under 20 percent, the sources said. Some of the Saudi assets are managed via global fund firms.
Deposits with banks abroad edged down 0.4 percent from the previous month to $132 billion in March, while investment in foreign securities fell 1.4 percent to $389 billion. The central bank does not provide a more detailed breakdown of its assets.
(Story corrects month in last paragraph to March from February).
Despite claims made by elected officials and federal authorities in Washington about a secure border, human smugglers continue to move thousands of illegal immigrants into Texas with minimal difficulties, according to leaked images.
A series of photographs obtained by Breitbart Texas from Mexican authorities and some taken from the U.S. side of the border revealed that human smugglers with the Los Zetas cartel are able to move to the U.S. without any apparent difficulties.
The images depict how groups of men are able to arrive from the Mexican side of the border by simply walking across the shallow waters of the Rio Grande. According to Mexican law enforcement sources consulted by Breitbart Texas, the illegal immigrants were able to avoid capture on the U.S. side of the border.
The images of the porous border come at a time when as Breitbart Texas previously reported that members of the National Border Patrol Council have accused the agency's leadership of covering up the record breaking apprehensions that are taking place in South Texas.
According to statements made by NBPC president Brandon Judd to Breitbart Texas, Border patrol agents in the Rio Grande Valley are at a breaking point.
“We have the highest number of illegal aliens in custody in history in Border Patrol's RGV Sector and this information has been kept from the American public,” said Agent Judd. “The talk of amnesty has once again created pull factors and encouraged people from all over the world to cross Mexico and then cross our porous southern border to illegally enter the U.S. We are simply overwhelmed.”
In response to the claims by Judd, spokespersons with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, have denied the information and stated that the number of people in custody is less than half of the individuals in custody in June 2014.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. They co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project and you can follow them on Twitter and on Facebook.
“J.M. Martinez” from the Cartel Chronicles project contributed to this report.
Yes, it's that time of year again. We're only a few days away from the first half of the year being done, which means it's officially time to start thinking about your Christmas crochet projects. Yup, I went there. I said the C word. Did you know that as of the day I'm writing this it's now only 183 days until Christmas? Time to get that hook in gear!
Via Memegenerator
I'm going to be running a series of these with lists of all free patterns. Today we're starting with afghans, blankets and throws to give your home that warm and festive feeling. All of these patterns are free, and most are suitable for those of beginner to intermediate level. All of the images are also clickable and will take you directly to the pattern page.
We'll start with this gorgeous Victorian Ornaments Afghan by Caron on Yarnspiration. I love the unusual shapes used to make up this project, and I”m putting it first on my list. I tend to go for slightly less traditional festive colours, myself, so will have to have a think about what to use for this little beauty.
Next on the list is this very popular Crochet Peppermint Swirl Afghan Pattern from TheWhoot. I've seen this around Pinterest done in a few different colours. Again, with my love of mad, bright colours, I think I may try this one in whole range of colours. Then again, it does look so good in the pure red and white. Hmmmm, minty crocheted deliciousness in any colour!
Number 3 in the countdown is this cuddly holly-inspired throw from Freepatterns.com. I do love me some free patterns! Again, this is a very traditional style in some very traditional colours, but I think you could have lots of fun playing around with colours on this one if you felt like putting your own personal twist on it. It's a really simple granny square design, would be perfect for beginners.
Now, this next one is one of my favourites, and I'm going to be giving this pattern a serious read, because I just love the plaid effect. It's another design from Caron, find all the details here.
For those of you who are into the whole C2C craze, this one's for you! It's a bright and cheerful Christmas afghan courtesy of MakeAndDoCrew, and it comes with graphs, tutorials, and video support if it's your first attempt at one of these. I still haven't tried a graphgan yet, but it's on my to-do list!
What I love about this throw is that it reminds me of quilting, which is something I first got into a few years ago and love nearly as much as I love to crochet. The downside is that I”m not very good at it, oops, so for now I'm sticking with my trusty crochet hook. This is a seriously pretty Christmas Star Throw which is a freebie courtesy of Red Heart. Isn't that nice of them?
Next we have a set of cushion covers with a matching throw, and it's all about Christmas presents! The pattern is available HERE on Ravelry as a free pdf download.
Apologies to anyone with young kids, but, Do You Wanna Build a Snowman? Yes, yes, of course you do, and here's a cuddly blankie that will keep every snowman fan in your family warm as toast and with a happy smile on their face. It is also a bit of relief from the whole red, green and white colour theme, which I've gotta say, is starting to get to me. This Crochet Snowman Granny Square blanket is a great, simple design, and is also FREE from Crochetforyoublog.com.
Now we have the Holiday Hearts Throw, which is another lovely free pattern from Red Heart. Aren't you just feeling the love? I know I am. Heart motifs are something I've always found a bit tricky to do, for some strange reason, so I'm glad this one has nice, basic instructions!
Lastly, but by no means least is this stunning “Merry Little Throw” Join As You Go hexie throw which was published last year as a CAL over at Fibreflux. What's great about this is that, because it's a CAL, there are seriously detailed instructions with a zillion photos and even some videos to help you through it.
So, there you have it. As I said before, this is the first in a series of Christmas Crochet Project roundups. Next time I'll be sharing a whole bunch of my favourite amigurumi type patterns, *SWOON* including reindeer, snowmen, angels, gingerbread men, Santas, gnomes and more, so make sure you're signed up for our email updates so you don't miss out! Also, if you know of a free pattern for a gorgeous Christmas themed throw, blanket or afghan that I haven't posted, please, PLEASE drop a link to it in the comments before so we can all have a look at it! Thanks, and keep stashing that yarn!
Tx
A healthy and positive attitude to have in life is “leave it better than you found it.”
It can apply to almost anything too, whether it's a relationship we're involved in, a business we work for, the home we live in, or just how we treat nature and the environment.
The idea is based on the fact that we have an influence over our world, both positive and negative. Our actions have a real effect on the people we interact with, our work and the value we give to society, our property and how we choose to use it, and the places we inhabit.
Unfortunately, many people go through life with a “consumer” mindset. They find something in the world, use it all up, and then ditch it when there is nothing else to gain. They don't leave it better than they found it; they instead choose to get what they can, and leave it worse off.
Even the small things add up over time: not cleaning up after yourself in a public bathroom, not throwing out your trash at a friend's place, ending an argument on a negative note, littering at a park or nature preserve, only putting in the minimum amount of effort at work, or borrowing something from someone and not taking proper care of it (the way you would if you owned it yourself).
These things may seem inconsequential, but they reflect a destructive attitude toward life. When we do these things we lose track of the “leave it better than you found it” attitude.
Instead, we need to think beyond the narrow scope of our “self,” beyond just our own wants and needs, and recognize that our actions affect the lives of other people, including people who we may never even meet or know exist.
“Leave it better than you found it” is a long-term, productive mindset. It's a plan for the future. It's the complete opposite of short-term, destructive consumerism, which only cares about immediate wants and needs.
There's a Greek Proverb that suggests, “A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.” This is a perfect example of the “leave it better than you found it” mindset.
So as you go about your day, ask yourself, “Am I adding value to this [relationship/home/business/environment] or am I only taking value away from it?” The answer will help you determine if you're actually leaving it better than you found it.
Of course, it's idealistic to expect to add value to everything, but the point is we should try our best, considering what is both practical and within our power.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
The Department of National Defence says a Canadian naval vessel was part of a large drug bust last month in the eastern Pacific Ocean off the coast of Costa Rica.
HMCS Whitehorse, working with the U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy, intercepted more than 5,200 kilograms of cocaine in international waters from a coastal freighter.
National Defence says the crew of the freighter began throwing bales overboard when a patrolling U.S. Navy vessel approached.
The Whitehorse and a U.S. Coast Guard cutter were called in to join the operation, which lasted three days.
A boarding party did not find any additional drugs on board the freighter after bales containing more than 5,200 kilograms of cocaine were retrieved from the sea.
National Defence says the seizure could not be divulged until now to avoid jeopardizing the investigation into the matter.
HMCS Whitehorse is part of Canada's contribution to a multinational effort to prevent drug trafficking in the Caribbean basin, the eastern Pacific and the waters of Central America.
Here they are, the Asari that the internet has gone wild over. Of course she's the Asari from the Mass Effect: Andromeda footage. I love how they look, they have a really roguish feel to them and I look forward to interacting with them in the game. I hope she'll be the slickly cocky sidekick who is a good friend.
Personally though I feel like I did a good job on this, I did it over a couple of weeks and it grew into this. What do you guys think of it? I'd be very grateful if you mentioned what things you liked and what worked well/didn't work well so I can improve future drawings
Pelessaria B'Sayle (Love that name, really roles off the tongue) or Peebee for short.
Art @
Asari @ Mass Effect and Bioware
Edit: Recently found out that their name is
Authorities asked Rihanna to leave the site of a mosque in Abu Dhabi after they posted photographs of themselves posing in areas of the mosque that are off-limit to visitors on Saturday. The Shaikh Zayed Grand Mosque Center issued a statement on Sunday saying that while it's open to visitors of all faiths and allows pictures, the superstar's photos were inappropriate, violated the “sanctity” of the mosque and disrespected the religious nature of the location, reports Gulf News.
The photos, which depicted the singer posing in front of the mosque in an all-black hooded outfit, were posted to their Instagram account. Rihanna commented on the picture of them looking at a group of women wearing head scarves and full body garments, “B*tch stole my look.” Another picture shows them lounging in the sun with the comment “#NoTanLines.” Others show them posing with bright red lipstick in front of restricted areas of the mosque, as shown below.
[Gulf News]
The sheriff's deputy, Bryan Holman, had played host to Mrs. Clinton in their home before the Ohio primary. Deputy Holman said in a telephone interview that a conversation about health care led them to relate the story of Ms. Bachtel. They never mentioned the name of the hospital that supposedly turned them away because they did not know it, they said.
Deputy Holman knew Ms. Bachtel's story only secondhand, having learned it from close relatives of the woman. Ms. Bachtel's relatives did not return phone calls Friday.
As Deputy Holman understood it, Ms. Bachtel had died of complications from a stillbirth after being turned away by a local hospital for their failure to pay $100 upfront.
“I mentioned this story to Senator Clinton, and they apparently took to it and liked it,” Deputy Holman said, “and one of their aides said she'd be using it at some rallies.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Indeed, saying that the story haunted her, Mrs. Clinton repeatedly offered it as a dire example of a broken health care system. At one March rally in Wyoming, for instance, they referred to Ms. Bachtel, a 35-year-old who managed a Pizza Hut, as a young, uninsured minimum-wage worker, saying, “It hurts me that in our country, as rich and good of a country as we are, this young woman and their baby died because they couldn't come up with $100 to see the doctor.”
Mrs. Clinton does not name Ms. Bachtel or the hospital in their speeches. As they tell it, the woman was turned away twice by a local hospital when they were experiencing difficulty with their pregnancy. “The hospital said, ‘Well, you don't have insurance.' They said, ‘No, I don't.' They said, ‘Well, we can't see you until you give $100.' They said, ‘Where am I going to get $100?'
“The next time they came back to the hospital, they came in an ambulance,” Mrs. Clinton continued. “She was in distress. The doctors and the nurses worked on them and couldn't save the baby.”
Since Ms. Bachtel's baby died at O'Bleness Memorial Hospital, the story implicitly and inaccurately accuses that hospital of turning them away, said Ms. Weiss, the spokesperson for O'Bleness Memorial said. Instead, the O'Bleness health care system treated her, both at the hospital and at the affiliated River Rose Obstetrics and Gynecology practice, Ms. Weiss said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The hospital would not provide details about the woman's case, citing privacy concerns; they died two weeks after the stillbirth at a medical center in Columbus.
“We reviewed the medical and patient account records of this patient,” said Mr. Castrop, the health system's chief executive. Any implication that the system was “involved in denying care is definitely not true.”
Although Mrs. Clinton has told the story repeatedly, it first came to the attention of the hospital after The Washington Post cited it as a staple of their stump speeches on Thursday. That brought it to the attention of The Daily Sentinel in Pomeroy, Ohio, which published an article on Friday.
Neither paper named the hospital or challenged Mrs. Clinton's account.
It seems that, in some neighborhoods, signs in support of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign don't stand a chance.
Marblehead police are asking for the public's help identifying a woman they say crept onto a resident's property this week under the cover of darkness and removed a Trump sign before fleeing in a vehicle.
Police said in a Facebook post that the incident, which occurred around 10:21 p.m. on Tuesday, is the seventh theft of a political sign from a home on Harbor Avenue.
Advertisement
“Regardless of political affiliations, trespassing on private property and the taking of something that doesn't belong to you — which under [state] law is considered Larceny — can land a person in court with hefty fines, the possibility of jail time, and a criminal record,” police said on Facebook.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The department in their post included a video of the alleged thief. The woman can be seen holding the Trump campaign sign in one hand, while apparently fiddling with the metal poles that held it up. They then quickly runs toward a car with an open rear passenger door before the vehicle takes off.
“Clearly, the woman depicted here is old enough to know better!” police said of the incident. “Any information that leads to the identity of the suspect would be appreciated.”
The report of the theft of the Trump sign in Marblehead comes a day after a North Reading woman pleaded not guilty in Lawrence District Court to charges that they vandalized a Trump campaign sign, and nearly ran over the sign's owner as they made them escape.
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @steveannear
The Toronto Raptors lost Game 1, again. They played like the stage was too big, again. They turned the ferocious local love of this team into stunned and anxious silence, again. Happens every year, around this time. It's like nature's way of telling you it's time to take the snow tires off. But it doesn't have to be destiny that they do this, unless they let it. The Raptors spent all year telling us they were different, and playing like they were different, and then when the real lights turned on, they weren't.
Raptors guard Kyle Lowry missed six of seven three-point attempts Saturday but said afterward, "We're good. It's one game." ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
“It's different, man,” said shooting guard DeMar DeRozan, who shot 5-for-19 and got torched, along with everyone else, by Pacers star Paul George in a 100-90 Game 1 loss. “Different team, different moments. We're not panicking. We understand, we just played bad.” “We're good, it's one game,” said point guard Kyle Lowry, who shot 3-for-13, missed six of their seven three-pointers, missed five of nine free throws, and committed six of Toronto's 20 turnovers. “It's not last year.”
What did you think of Game 1?
Article Continued Below
Maybe all that's true. Well, the part about it being one game is objectively true. The part about playing bad is true, clearly. When they say they will play better it seems likely to be true, if only because when you miss 49 shots, 15 of 19 threes, and 12 of 38 free throws while throwing the ball away like you get a tax deduction for it, it's hard to play much worse. But they played soft, losing basketball, and at some point you write your own story. General manager Masai Ujiri had deliberately tried to lower the temperature before this series. They didn't venture out to the Square before Game 1 for some bold, profane, red-meat-to-the-Colosseum crowd. They have been declaring confidence in coach Dwane Casey for some time, and the idea that this is a make-or-break series for the franchise has been defused, at least publicly. The pressure was here anyway, and it showed. DeRozan was swallowed up by Paul George, who is longer and stronger and better, and DeRozan never found an answer. Lowry said their elbow was “fine,” but if that's the case they just played a sloppy, tentative, out-of-control game. Jonas Valanciunas was a roaring beast when they aren't in foul trouble, but they were in foul trouble more often than they aren't. Terrence Ross was floating somewhere in space, but Casey, on a jumbled afternoon for him, came back to him. The Joey Graham jersey in the crowd could have been a tribute. It felt like history repeating, and maybe it's because history was in the building. The core of this team — Lowry and DeRozan and Valanciunas and Patterson and Ross, and Casey as the coach — has lost seven consecutive playoff games over the last three years. “As a whole I thought we were tight offensively, and that frustration carried over to the defensive end, and you can't do that,” Casey said. “I don't think the seven games or whatever had anything to do with it. I think it was the Indiana Pacers, and then the moment of the playoffs got us tight. I don't think it had anything to do with the previous games. “It wasn't us. I hadn't seen us play that tentative on the offensive end all year.”
It wasn't a universal condition. Joseph, the San Antonio Spurs product, was precise and calm, and may have been Toronto's best player in under 25 minutes of playing time. Biyombo was good, except that when they were in the game the Pacers could ignore them and blitz Toronto ballhandlers. DeMarre Carroll, while still on a minutes restriction, wasn't a liability. They couldn't guard Paul George but, on this day, who could? No, Toronto could have won this game. But too many core pieces failed.
Article Continued Below
“People want to do so well sometimes that it might backfire,” said backup point guard Cory Joseph, who was probably Toronto's best player. “But I mean, it's just a little bit of human nature kicking in. But as we relax, we'll play better.” “We have to trust each other,” said Biyombo. “It seems like we played with too much pressure.” “You just have to stay calm,” said Luis Scola, whose off-court contributions probably outweigh the on-court ones. “It's a long series, they have to beat us three more times to win the series. It's going to be hard for any team to beat us three times, let alone four. Nothing really changed today.” These Pacers team can be had, and you could see it. All day, Toronto was a good three-minute stretch from blowing the game open, but it didn't come. The Raptors say they're different. They can still win this series. But after one game, it looks like the Raptors are not just playing the Indiana Pacers anymore. It looks like they're playing Washington and Brooklyn and Paul Pierce and their very own selves. The ghosts, they hover. They don't have to be the same old Raptors. They can be something other than the punchlines, the little guys, the suckers. They need to play basketball like it matters, but doesn't matter too much. They need to take a deep breath, and play the guys in front of them. They don't have to be the same old Raptors, even if they were.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Lawyers for Pilot Flying J CEO Jimmy Haslam and company President Mark Hazelwood said their clients have never received "target letters" that federal prosecutors send to inform people they are the target of an investigation and the government wants to talk to them.
"Absolutely not," Aubrey Harwell, Haslam's lawyer, said in a phone conversation Wednesday. Houston lawyer Rusty Hardin said Hazelwood has not been questioned, sent a letter nor contacted in any way by investigators.
That may not mean prosecutors have concluded that Haslam, owner of the Cleveland Browns, and Hazelwood had no role in a fuel rebate fraud scheme at Pilot, or knowledge about it, white-collar defense attorneys said.
"There could be endless shades of strategy going on," said Cleveland attorney Virginia Davidson, who was commenting on white-collar defenses in general, not the Pilot case.
Davidson, a former assistant U.S. attorney, said the use of a target letter is completely at the discretion of federal prosecutors.
"If the government hopes to get information out of someone, they might try to contact the person without labeling them a target," said the head of the white-collar practice at the Calfee law firm in Cleveland. "It could also be that a target letter is coming in the future."
The question of how far the fraud at Pilot extended into the company's executive suite became more pointed after National Sales Director Brian Mosher admitted Monday that they helped cheat trucking companies out of between $7 million and $20 million, involving between 50 and 250 victims.
Cleveland lawyer Avery Friedman, a weekend legal analyst on CNN, said Mosher was probably facing on the low end of sentencing guidelines -- about 18 to 24 months in prison, and their agreement to help prosecutors could knock eight months off that.
"Even with cooperation he's probably still facing 11 months in a federal penitentiary," Friedman said, after reviewing Mosher's plea deal.
Haslam has steadfastly maintained they had no inkling that trucking customers were being deliberately shorted on fuel rebate and discount payments until the federal investigation broke open.
A court in late November approved an $85 million settlement to reimburse companies what they were owed, plus interest and legal costs. Other customers that opted out of the settlement continue to sue.
Mosher's plea deal says that they admitted responsibility on April 15, the day agents flooded the headquarters of Haslam's family-owned business in Knoxville, Tenn., and that "he took immediate steps to help the investigation."
A federal affidavit used to get court consent for the raid indicated Hazelwood, Haslam and Vice President of Sales John Freeman had knowledge of rebate fraud because it was discussed at sales meetings in Knoxville where they were present.
Besides Mosher, two other former employees also pleaded guilty to fraud-related charges in U.S. District Court in Knoxville, Tenn., on Monday, bringing the number of people charged in the Justice Department/IRS investigation to 10.
Mosher reported to Freeman, whose attorney, Roger Dickson, declined comment on whether their client has received a target letter. Freeman, in turn, reported to Hazelwood, and Hazelwood reports to Haslam.
Freeman was placed on administrative leave from Pilot in the wake of the FBI raid. Hazelwood remains on the job.
In previous statements, Haslam has said they are cooperating with government investigators.
Pilot is said to have been responding for some time to a government subpoena for information. A grand jury is reviewing whether to hand up indictments against Pilot employees.
"We haven't been contacted at all by the government," Hardin, Hazelwood's lawyer, said this week.
The Houston defense lawyer has represented several sports figures, including Roger Clemens, who was acquitted on perjury charges that they lied to Congress about using steroids.
Harwell also has had a portfolio of high-profile clients, including Eddie DeBartolo Jr., the Youngstown native who owned the San Francisco 49ers and was caught in a gambling fraud scandal in Louisiana.
This is a story about an OC Transpo bus driver who made my week. Like, actually made my week. I'm still significantly happier and better off because of this person, and I figured I should pass on their awesomeness.
As a broke student, losing my bus pass is the worst thing that can happen. Besides my need for daily transportation, I use my plastic pass holder as a stand-in wallet.
This little red folder is everything to me–without its contents, I can't even buy groceries. If I lose it, the best case scenario is that I'm stranded in Vanier, counting change and praying I have enough money/time to bus down to OC Transpo's awkwardly located Lost & Found.
I assume you see where this is going.
It was Wednesday, March 12 when I lost my bus pass. It was my fault, of course; the pass had fallen out of my pocket while I was riding home, and I didn't notice until it was too late. To make matters worse, this was particularly bad timing (an out-of-town friend was coming in that night, I had projects due at school, et cetra). I was stuck.
Then my phone rang. It was my bus driver. They had found my bus pass and, since my business card was stuffed alongside it, they were able to contact me to let me know. The heads-up was incredibly kind, but what they offered next was truly above-and-beyond:
“I was just gonna bring it into work tomorrow, but I'm heading out for a bit after dinner. Did you want me to just drop it off with you?”
I was stunned. Seriously? Was this person actually willing to bring my lost bus pass right to my doorstep? Was this real life? They insisted that it wouldn't be out of their way, and I thanked them repeatedly them over the phone.
Not even an hour later, they were on my doorstep with the little red plastic pass holder that held my life. Every card was still in place. My out-of-town friend gaped as I came back inside. We couldn't believe it.
The driver who came to my rescue had such a cheery disposition, so willing to do something nice for someone else. There was no awkward speech about how I should watch my things, no passive aggression, no expectation that I grovel in exchange for my bus pass. Instead, this man just seemed genuinely happy to help.
This attitude and gesture left a profound mark. This past week, I have actively tried to be less naggy and more giving. If this complete stranger could forgive my absentmindedness and kindly help to minimize the damage, then surely I could be more understanding and helpful to my friends or my roommates. By going out of their way for someone, and by showing so much joy in doing so, this bus driver started a pretty great chain of kindness and positivity. They also made the City of Ottawa look really, really good to my out-of-town friend (who left with a great impression, and is now considering moving here).
I am so proud to live in a city with kind people in the driver's seat (literally).
Advertisements
Atlanta United announced they would be starting a United Soccer League club on Tuesday. The unnamed club will start to play in 2018 and play its home games at Coolray Field, home of the Gwinnett Braves.
The United Soccer League – or USL – is a second division league in the United States soccer pyramid. USL features teams from coast to coast and plays their schedule at the same time as MLS. Almost all MLS teams have a USL affiliate, either through direct ownership or partnership with an individual club. Atlanta spent the 2016 and 2017 seasons in one of those partnerships with the Charleston Battery.
Details are scarce so far for the Atlanta USL team, but with 2018 so close news should begin to roll out quickly. Atlanta has announced that they will hold tryouts on December 16th for anyone interested. The unnamed USL team will train alongside Atlanta United at their Marietta practice facility.
While the Charleston partnership was instrumental in getting some Atlanta United players time on the field, Charleston is its own organization and rightfully prioritizes titles over being a farm team for an MLS club. With the activation of a USL team under the United umbrella, youth players that might not see time with Atlanta United will have a place to play where their development can be a priority.
Atlanta United President Darren Eales is excited to continue the growth of the club.
“Establishing a top-level Academy was the first priority for our club and while our staff has done a marvelous job in identifying and developing young players, the next step has always been to create the pathway for the 18-to-19-year-old player who needs to continue their development before competing for a starting position at the MLS level,” said Eales. “We'll now have the capability to develop players in our system from the time they're 12 years-old until the minute they reach the First Team.”
Fans shouldn't expect Atlanta's USL team to dwell in the basement of USL while it grows players but the growth of draft picks like Miles Robinson and homegrown players like Lagos Kunga, Patrick Okonkwo and George Bello will be vital as they improve and fight for time on the field. Even popular names like Andrew Carleton and Chris Goslin could see substantial minutes in Gwinnett in 2018.
These names appearing in USL and not MLS isn't a sign of failure on anyone's part, but a part of the growing process. Atlanta United has a stable of young players that need minutes to get better and they might not be able to find those minutes with the first team.
Beyond the kids that have already been announced there will always be more young players in the Atlanta United academy and some of them will need a place to play. Some will be homegrown signings who need to sharpen up, others might end their time in the academy and decide that college isn't the path they want to take, and they'll chase the professional dream as soon as possible. Atlanta's USL club can give them that opportunity. Ultimately, a USL team isn't about giving the names we know a place to grow, it is about giving the names we will know in the future a place to grow.
Another wrinkle to Atlanta's announcement is how a USL team could impact their plans in Argentina.
As previously discussed, Atlanta has started working deals with youth players at Argentine clubs, and a USL club could give some of these kids a chance to play immediately in the United States and give Atlanta a place to put them as opposed to potentially losing investment on players such as Lucas Rodriguez. That's not to say that you should expect to see Rodriguez in USL should the move come to pass – he's ready for MLS today – but it is always nice to have a place to put players that you want to develop and not have to burn a roster spot on your MLS team to do so.
There are many ways to fill out the USL roster when the time comes, but it will surely be filled with the names of tomorrow. And when tomorrow comes, the process will surely repeat.
Interview: every architect will soon design using 3D goggles, according to designer and visualiser Olivier Demangel, who believes that virtual architecture will be as convincing as the real thing within five years (+ movies).
Demangel, who works for London 3D imaging company IVR NATION, contacted Dezeen to show us a virtual reality model he'd created of a house featured on our website four years ago.
Built using photos and plans found online, Demangel claims the model of Ty Hedfan – a house in Wales designed by architects Featherstone Young – is 90 per cent realistic and demonstrates how VR will transform the way architects work.
"In the Ty Hedfan demo you can open the doors and turn on the lights," they said. "You can instantly change materials for the walls, the floor, the position of lights. Interactivity means you can experiment with a lot of different options — design, materials, lighting, weather — very quickly."
The designer created a series of walk-through movies of the house, which are shown here, but said you need to don an Oculus Rift 3D headset to really understand how convincing the virtual model is.
"It's hard to describe if you have never tried 3D goggles like Oculus Rift but it's really a full immersion," they said. "Your brain is completely tricked."
They added: "I asked some architect friends to test the Oculus Rift with Ty Hedfan and they couldn't describe how fantastic the experience was. They didn't expect it at all."
Related story Drawing in 3D will soon be as "intuitive as sketching with paper"
Demangel predicts that architects and designers will be designing using VR tools within a few years and sending clients virtual models of their projects so they can walk through them wearing a 3D headset.
"We could expect an empty room with positional tracking dedicated to VR in every architecture practice, for testing new designs," they added.
When asked whether virtual architecture would ever be more convincing than real architecture, Demangel replied: "There is no doubt in my mind about that. I used to say that when VR tech matures, it's going be more powerful than cocaine."
They added: "Probably the two main problems will be addiction and isolation. You are going to be able to experience The Matrix for real."
Read on for an edited transcript of our interview with Olivier Demangel:
Marcus Fairs: Tell us what you do.
Olivier Demangel: I'm a designer and 3D visualiser. I'm in charge of real-time graphics and design at IVR NATION, a London-based company creating 3D virtual reality-based content.
Marcus Fairs: What's your background?
Olivier Demangel: I studied industrial design and computer science. I worked in video games when I was in Paris and then for VFX and architecture practices in London.
Marcus Fairs: How did you get involved in virtual reality?
Olivier Demangel: The first time I had the chance to try a VR device was at the SIGGRAPH conference in New Orleans in 2009. It wasn't very good: the 3D goggles were heavy and the resolution was low. But I knew it was only a matter of time for VR.
After that I waited patiently until 2013, when Palmer Luckey created Oculus VR and then I bought the DK1 [the first version of virtual reality headset Oculus Rift] and then the DK2.
The first 3D model I decided to convert to VR was a concept train I designed for London Advanced Rapid Transit system (LARTs) in 2012. For the first time, I was able to see my design from every angle, like it was real. A screen can't compete with that because VR gives you a sense of scale.
Marcus Fairs: What are the advantages of VR over traditional design tools?
Olivier Demangel: The only thing that could compete with VR is a 1:1 scale model, which would be far more expensive, obviously. This applies to architecture as well. For example, with the Oculus Rift, you could detect flaws or issues in architecture that you couldn't see on plans.
The other thing provided by real-time 3D engine is interactivity. In the Ty Hedfan demo you can open the doors and turn on the lights. You can instantly change materials for the walls, the floor, the position of lights. Interactivity means you can experiment with a lot of different options — design, materials, lighting, weather — very quickly.
Marcus Fairs: How will VR change the way architects and designers work? And how quickly?
Olivier Demangel: It's hard to know, but I guess every architect will use 3D goggles when they design. Also, we could expect an empty room with positional tracking dedicated to VR in every architecture practice, for testing new designs.
Marcus Fairs: Will VR make designing in 2D obsolete?
Olivier Demangel: Personally, I will always use a pen for the first sketches to quickly bring my ideas alive. But probably the next generation of designers will use VR and new real-time 3D tools to design their ideas. Check out this software. It's a kind of Photoshop VR.
Marcus Fairs: How do you design for VR? What's the process?
Olivier Demangel: I start with a quick sketch on my graphic tablet and then I go to 3ds Max and do a basic modelling. Then I tweak my 3D model and try different options. Finally I export quickly with no textures to Unreal Engine and check out my design in Oculus Rift. I think Autodesk should soon provide VR drivers in order to see your model directly in your 3D modeller, though.
Marcus Fairs: How will VR become more immersive and convincing in future? What is beyond Oculus Rift?
Olivier Demangel: There are a lot of issues at the moment with the current VR devices, which are still prototypes. The field of view (FOV) is only 100 to 110 degrees, which prevents full immersion. The resolution of the screen is too low – about 3K at best for the HTC Vive – which provides a pixelated display and a "screen-door effect".
As well as this, the frames per second (FPS) has to be at least 75 and it's recommended to get 90 or even 120. The goal is to avoid the motion-sickness effect. The current graphic cards are not powerful enough to handle this level of FPS with a huge level of detail.
Plus you need a cable to connect your video card to the 3D goggles, except for some 3D goggles using a smartphone such as the Samsung Gear VR.
So in the near future, we should get very light and small 3D goggles like normal glasses, full FOV, wireless, 8K display and 120FPS for a full immersion.
The second technology to make VR more immersive is haptic technology. This is tactile feedback technology that recreates the sense of touch by applying forces, vibrations or motions to the user. Also, in the distant future, we could expect VR technology to be used in contact lenses.
Marcus Fairs: Tell us about the Ty Hedfan project. Why did you do it?
Olivier Demangel: I needed a proof of concept to show to architects. So I spent November and December 2014 doing the graphics and programming Ty Hedfan.
Marcus Fairs: Why did you choose that house?
Olivier Demangel: This is the type of architecture I like; I loved the design of this house. And it had everything I needed to show the potential of VR.
Marcus Fairs: How did you manage to model the building without visiting it?
Olivier Demangel: I first saw Ty Hedfan on your website. I use your website a lot, especially when I'm looking for a job! I grabbed everything I could about the house from the internet — plans, drawings and photos.
Marcus Fairs: How similar do you think your VR model is to the actual house?
Olivier Demangel: I would say about 90 percent. The last 10 percent is because I couldn't find any photos for some rooms inside the house. But the best would be to ask people who know this house to try the virtual model.
Marcus Fairs: What is it like to walk through the virtual house wearing Oculus Rift?
Olivier Demangel: It's hard to describe if you have never tried 3D goggles like Oculus Rift but it's really a full immersion. Your brain is completely tricked. I asked some architect friends to test the Oculus Rift with Ty Hedfan and they couldn't describe how fantastic the experience was. They didn't expect it at all.
Marcus Fairs: Will there come a time when VR architecture is as convincing as physical architecture?
Olivier Demangel: I would say probably with the next generation of consoles in the next four to five years. Generally, with a new generation of hardware comes a new generation of 3D real-time software.
What is missing now is getting something 100 per cent photorealistic is real-time global illumination [convincing rendering of indirect light]. In Unreal Engine 4, Unity V or CryENGINE, you have global illumination, but it's not real time and it's very limited. You can already test real-time global illumination in Unreal Engine 4, but it's in early development and it's buggy.
So in four to five years you will have the new generation of 3D goggles with full FOV, an 8K display and haptic technology so you will be able to touch virtually every object in your virtual room.
Marcus Fairs: What other developments, in VR or other tech, do you expect to see in the future?
Olivier Demangel: New GPUs and 3D software, especially for real-time global illumination as well as new haptic technologies to "feel" your environment.
Marcus Fairs: How will these developments change the way architects and designers work?
Olivier Demangel: For the software, when real-time global illumination matures, the current workflow in architecture - 3ds Max/V-Ray - will be replaced by 3ds Max/real-time rendering. It's going to be cheaper for the architecture practices, as you won't have to wait anymore for rendering images or animation.
Marcus Fairs: How will these developments change the way people experience architecture and design?
Olivier Demangel: Some examples: estate agents are going to use 3D goggles. There will be no need to physically visit the house. Also, architects will be able to send files to clients and they will be able to take a virtual walkaround. Or perhaps you could have an empty room in your future house dedicated to VR? You could choose a different interior every day, like the Star Trek holodeck.
Marcus Fairs: Will VR change the way people live and work?
Olivier Demangel: I think VR is like television 60 years ago or the internet 20 years ago — it's a technological breakthrough. It's going to change a lot of things in entertainment including movies, TV, sports and video games, as well as advertising and marketing, industrial design and architecture, medicine, social networks…
Marcus Fairs: Will the virtual world become more compelling than the real world? If so, what issues will this raise?
Olivier Demangel: There is no doubt in my mind about that. I used to say that when VR tech matures, it's going be more powerful than cocaine. Probably the two main problems will be addiction and isolation. You are going to be able to experience The Matrix for real.
Our times can lend ordinary words new shadings. It used to be that one thought of a fossil embedded in rock, but especially since the Iraq War, embed calls most immediately to mind a reporter covering military activity. In the same way, evolution these days is no longer about Darwin and finch beaks. Rather, the public figure opting to espouse a previously controversial position now tells us that their views have "evolved." It is, in truth, a weaselly business.
And a ubiquitous one. "The term 'evolving view' has been perhaps overused, but I think it is an appropriate term for me to use," Senator Lisa Murkowski said Wednesday, stopping just shy of endorsing gay marriage. What tipped the new usage would seem to have been President Obama's claim that their take on gay marriage was "evolving," after which they finally came out in favor. Since then Hillary Clinton tells us their views on gay marriage have "evolved," while Sean Hannity, not usually one for intellectual flexibility, has come out as having "evolved" on immigration.
But these evolutions seem always to be towards targets that will lend political advantage. Indeed, the word evolution is handy, in this new variation on its usage, in its connotation of progress, enlightenment. One once was lost but now one sees. One does not say, then, that one's views have simply changed, which would leave one open to the "flip-flopper" charge that so hobbled John Kerry in their attempt to elucidate their position on the War in Iraq. Unable to predict and embrace the current fashion for putting it as "evolution," Kerry was open to George W. Bush accusing them of being "for it before they were against it."
No one could get away with assailing President Obama with that kind of thing today on their position on gay marriage, because "evolution," in its Latinate air, connotes a classy intellection.
WSOF bantamweight champion Marlos Moraes (13-4-1) looks to defend their belt for the first time when they meet undefeated contender Josh Hill (10-0) at WSOF 18.
WSOF official today announced the card, which takes place on Thursday, Feb. 12, at Edmonton Expo Centre in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
“This is an incredible matchup between two of the world's top 135-pound fighters that we have been looking to put together for the last several months and, now that it is finally here, we will see who the superior fighter is on Feb. 13,” WSOF President Ray Sefo stated.
The championship fight headlines a four-fight main card that airs live on NBCSN and also includes featherweights Antonio Carvalho (15-6) vs. Chris Gruetzemacher (12-1), welterweight Shane Campbell (10-2) vs. Brandt Dewsbery (13-3) and Hakeem Dawodu (3-0) vs. Tristan Johnson (9-5).
Moraes and Hill were originally supposed to meet this past September at WSOF 13. However, Hill was forced to withdraw from the contest and was replaced by Cody Bollinger, who suffered a submission loss to Moraes in a catchweight, non-title affair.
Moraes is currently ranked No. 13 in the latest USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA bantamweight rankings and has quickly established themselves as one of WSOF's most promising talents. The 26-year-old Brazilian made their promotional debut at the company's inaugural event and has already built a 6-0 record in the company's decagon.
Meanwhile, Canada's Hill will be looking to stay unbeaten. They returned to action in June after nearly two years on the sidelines and scored a first-round knockout of Mike Adams at WSOF Canada's second event. That was enough to get them a shot at the red-hot Moraes, though it comes five months after they originally hoped.
Preliminary bouts are expected to be announced shortly.
The WSOF 18 lineup currently includes:
Marlon Moraes vs. Josh Hill
Antonio Carvalho vs. Chris Gruetzemacher
Shane Campbell vs. Brandt Dewsbery
Hakeem Dawodu vs. Tristan Johnson
For more on WSOF 18, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
Kylie Orr
Detonation of my brain was approximately three seconds away, as I left a party on the weekend. It was not the raucous children overloaded on sugar that was leading me to want to neck myself, rather one of the parents.
I am a friendly kind of chick. I could talk the leg off an iron pot, make conversation with a potato chip and smile at the wind. I don't have a problem speaking to complete strangers about total and utter rot. In fact it's usually me instigating the rot. Unfortunately conversing with a particular stranger at the party was about as painful as inner-thigh chafing on a sweaty day.
This woman had one daughter. Listening to their drone on about how boys are so out of control, how they fight ALL THE TIME and how thankful they are to have a girl, was making me feel not so friendly. Clearly, they would know all about boys with their vast research into the topic, having one child of the opposite sex.
They should have gauged their audience prior to making those sweeping statements for when I threw in that I am the mother of three boys and I'm not sure all these generalisations apply, they looked absolutely horrified. Not at the potentially awkward situation of just bagging out an entire gender to a mother who solely has that gender but more at the thought of me raising three of the “critters”. They even cocked their nostril up a little and physically shivered when I mentioned my brood, telling me I deserved a medal (if only I had a chest to pin it on...).
The idea that a child could be something other than a stereotype, was foreign to them
Snakes and snails, and puppy dogs tails ... Let me welcome you to 2009, where boys play with dolls and girls race cars.
As the cake was placed on the table, the four girls jumped up on the seats to adore it (despite having dinosaurs all over it), proceeded to poke the cake and lick the cake. Yes, I said lick. Meanwhile, four of the six boys ran laps around the table shooting each other. The other two boys were inside, sharing a book. Dragon stranger rolled their eyes and reiterated how “out of control” the boys were and implored me to “look at the girls sitting so nicely.” Licking the cake? I resisted the temptation to point out their not-so-angelic table manners.
I'll admit I am a little more sensitive to the popular trend of categorising boys and girls. Strangers frequently offer me sympathy for the lot I've been given. Three boys. Wow. Yes, my hands are full. Yes, they like to be active. Yes, they fart. And sometimes they smell. But so do my nieces. What's your point?
Having three very different boys has driven my quest to break down stereotypes. We love to think boys are rowdy, messy, dirty and smelly while girls are pretty, calm, and quiet. Sure, boys can be more physical and as a whole, they seem to find it more difficult to sit still. This does not mean there are boys out there who are incapable of completing an activity quietly and thoroughly.
My eldest has recently embraced the joy of drawing and loves writing stories. They will sit at their desk in their room inventing characters and illustrations to match. There are no signs of ants in pants. Curiously, they don't shoot random strangers with imaginary guns and their desire to wrestle, anyone, is non-existent.
Advertisement
My second born is more of what the party lady would consider a stereotypical boy. I think they were born with their index finger pointed in the shooter position. They find toilet humour hilarious, loves to climb, jump, wrestle and run. They have a whole repertoire of superhero slingshot type noises.  They are able to sit still when there is chocolate on offer. Conversely, they love to play with their cousin's doll's house and is partial to a game of “mums and dads”. They seem sufficiently in touch with their feminine side. Go figure.
Last child is too young to stereotype. They do have a penis though so that automatically puts them in the boy camp. We are considering buying them a doll for Christmas because they have taken a liking to dragging one round the house whenever we visit a friend who has all girls.
I haven't raised girls so I can't pass comment on my experience. I am a girl, though (did I need to point that out?). I have nieces and friends with girls and have witnessed a whole array of behaviours, just like boys. Girls who both sit still and quietly, and those that are loud and cannot concentrate for the length of time it takes to paint a fingernail.
Snakes and snails, and puppy dogs tails
That's what little boys are made of!"
What are little girls made of?
"Sugar and spice and all things nice
That's what little girls are made of!" What are little boys made of?Snakes and snails, and puppy dogs tailsThat's what little boys are made of!"What are little girls made of?"Sugar and spice and all things niceThat's what little girls are made of!"
It seems some people are still living by a nineteenth century rhyme [origin]. Let me welcome you to 2009, where boys play with dolls and girls race cars.
Why must we insist on stereotyping our kids? Sadly, we are guilty of doing it right into adulthood. Women love to shop, chat on the phone and spend hundreds of dollars on makeup, they can't read maps or program a DVD, apparently. Evidently, men scratch their balls whilst watching 24 straight hours of football, drinking beer and having belching contests. They love a challenge and therefore never ask directions and don't need to read instructions to put together an IKEA bookcase. My husband is only guilty of a couple of these things. Does that make them half-man?
Unless you've had a lobotomy and been raised by nuns, you'd recognise men and women, boys and girls, are quite different in the way we operate. I can't do a bush wee as easily as my husband, for example. It doesn't mean we fit in neat boxes of how genders should behave. Why on earth do we place this kind of pressures on our kids?
Girls who won't wear dresses, who prefer to roll around in the dirt and drive cars through the sandpit and smash them into the walls, are still girls. Boys who like to sit still and colour in, concoct imaginary games with dolls and teddies and mime to the latest pop music still qualify to be boys.
The strong irritation I felt towards the mother at the party who had dissed all boys before actually spending any quality time with them, led me to dreams of wielding a pillow and gently lowering it over their mouth. Not really. I would love to get the pillow onto the stereotypes though.
Do your children fit the stereotypes of their genders? Do you offer your children all types of experiences & toys despite their gender, or do you prefer to stick to what you think is "gender appropriate"? Do you think we add to the problem by raising our boys and girls with clear gender distinctions?
Comment on Kylie Orr's blog here.
Let the privacy blowups commence again. What does WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange think of Facebook? They interviewed with Russia Today, saying that Mark Zuckerberg's creation is “the most appalling spy machine that has ever been invented.”
Assange believes that it is “…the world's most comprehensive database about people, their relationships, their names, their addresses, their locations, their communications with each other, their relatives…all accessible to U.S. intelligence.”
Essentially, they believe that when you are adding that random guy who bought you a drink, you are basically doing free work by building out a database that is accessible to intelligence agencies.
They go on to chastise other major players, citing Google and Yahoo. “These major U.S. organizations have built-in interfaces for U.S. intelligence. It's not a matter of serving a subpoena; they have an interface they have developed for U.S. intelligence to use.”
Assange goes on to never explicitly say that CIA operatives are perusing your Facebook profile at this very second, but that U.S. intelligence can “bring… legal and political pressure to them.” Which, of course, makes sense since these companies operate under U.S. jurisdiction.
So now that Assange has said it, let the conspiracy theories begin. And while you're at it, let's add some fuel to the fire about Osama's body being buried at sea. It was him! It wasn't him!
More on TIME.com:
Will The New York Times Set Up Its Own WikiLeaks Portal?
Twitter, Wikileaks and the Broken Market for Consumer Privacy
Operation Payback: Who Are The WikiLeaks “Hactivists”?
DobbelB said:
My feedback: some I have said before
In recent Q&A's it was made clear it wasn't final if logs or planks would be used for sailing. Planks would effect construction prices are thus a bad idea.
Some other people and I too proposed an idea to use a new type of plank (maybe timber beams) which were created by fletching (and the sawmill for lower level ironmans type players). They would give a lower xp than the unstrung bows of that wood type, but would eliminate the waste of unstrung bows maple and below, and can be used in sailing for a better money return.
Please don't use blurite, it's a quest ore and should never have been used for crossbows. Use black.
Switch Port Tyras and Burgh de Roth. Level 40 is too low for the elf area's (master quests required) compared to Morytania (intermediate quests required)
I like the spelling of Atlandys, I thought you were talking about Atlantis in the streams. My feedback: some I have said beforeIn recent Q&A's it was made clear it wasn't final if logs or planks would be used for sailing. Planks would effect construction prices are thus a bad idea.Some other people and I too proposed an idea to use a new type of plank (maybe timber beams) which were created by fletching (and the sawmill for lower level ironmans type players). They would give a lower xp than the unstrung bows of that wood type, but would eliminate the waste of unstrung bows maple and below, and can be used in sailing for a better money return.Please don't use blurite, it's a quest ore and should never have been used for crossbows. Use black.Switch Port Tyras and Burgh de Roth. Level 40 is too low for the elf area's (master quests required) compared to Morytania (intermediate quests required)I like the spelling of Atlandys, I thought you were talking about Atlantis in the streams.
Funil said:
do something about the pirates from mos le'harmless (quests or mini quests), to access more upgrades to the ships (items that only pirates can make) or missions to explore new underwater caverns that you have to draw maps for Bill Teach. do something about the pirates from mos le'harmless (quests or mini quests), to access more upgrades to the ships (items that only pirates can make) or missions to explore new underwater caverns that you have to draw maps for Bill Teach.
Monky killer said:
i vote no because i don't want better items and faster experience, osrs is good as it is now i vote no because i don't want better items and faster experience, osrs is good as it is now
Denny said:
"Taking on these beasts will offer you a very slim chance of receiving dragon sword, dragon warhammer or dragon crossbow limbs drops."
I feel like these weapons will impact pvp hard, just like the toxic items and venom. Where are the stats of these items? "Taking on these beasts will offer you a very slim chance of receiving dragon sword, dragon warhammer or dragon crossbow limbs drops."I feel like these weapons will impact pvp hard, just like the toxic items and venom. Where are the stats of these items?
Crescentz said:
Question-
Will there be quests that will have anything to do with sailing?
Like new storylines within new quests, make expansions to pirate quests that are already ingame.
Also, great post Question-Will there be quests that will have anything to do with sailing?Like new storylines within new quests, make expansions to pirate quests that are already ingame.Also, great post
EJK said:
Looks great!
Please don't make it leechable though. PvP would be awesome AT SOME POINT.
Also, quests! Make some easy quests about sailing at first so it isn't like dungeoneering was for a long time.
Ps. Give firemaking a use too Like for lighting cannons or anything. #99fm
EDIT: Instead if giving BIS items for members, what if rewards would include BIS F2P pvp gear? Not too OP but like lvl 50 armour that degrades and needs to be fixed? Looks great!Please don't make it leechable though. PvP would be awesome AT SOME POINT.Also, quests! Make some easy quests about sailing at first so it isn't like dungeoneering was for a long time.Ps. Give firemaking a use tooLike for lighting cannons or anything. #99fmEDIT: Instead if giving BIS items for members, what if rewards would include BIS F2P pvp gear? Not too OP but like lvl 50 armour that degrades and needs to be fixed?
The specifics of what is used to build a ship is yet to be decided and new items are an option, I think we'll just see what is the most favorable with you guys and go with that.All of the skill tables are concepts and will likely change to include newer items as components.Same with the ports, it's a draft and will change to better reflect accessibility.So far I've got a story arc planned for each of the shipyard locations, with at least 3 'missions' for each one. I'd love for the community to be writing these stories for us so expand on the idea and send it in!All new experience rate providing content, for existing skills, and best in slot items are to be polled separately. If you still like Sailing vote for it and vote no on those polls.All the stats are TBD but I see them as fitting inside the gaps of mid-tier stab and crush weapons, with the crossbow sitting between Rune & Armadyl as a higher priced 'riskable' PvP cbow. Bare in mind all the rewards are to be polled separately.There will almost certainly be a sailing related quest in the future, should it pass. It doesn't make much sense to offer one with launch as no one would have the requirements though!With regards to rewards, Atlandys' Gemstone caverns are just one example of what we can offer - once the skill itself is settled we can explore other areas we can offer rewards in and while F2P has some gaps, I'm very hesitant to mess with the established meta of F2P PvP.
The carp­ing is fa­mil­i­ar. Pres­id­ent Obama has “over­reached” and ab­used their au­thor­ity by re­leas­ing ter­ror­ist pris­on­ers without no­ti­fy­ing Con­gress and in pro­mul­gat­ing new en­vir­on­ment­al rules. But, as usu­al, Re­pub­lic­ans have few rem­ed­ies bey­ond press re­leases and the prom­ises of hear­ings.
That's the state of play in Wash­ing­ton: trench war­fare that has las­ted more than three years.
Obama began 2014 vow­ing that they would no longer be side­lined by Re­pub­lic­an ob­struc­tion­ists — and they appear to be mak­ing good on their threat. More ex­ec­ut­ive ac­tions are likely on the way, as the pres­id­ent may well im­pose de­port­a­tion curbs if the GOP won't con­struct­ively work to­ward im­mig­ra­tion-re­form le­gis­la­tion.
House Re­pub­lic­ans should stop and con­sider it — not be­cause of the polit­ic­al be­ne­fit the party might, maybe, en­joy by help­ing to broker an im­mig­ra­tion solu­tion. No, the bet­ter reas­on is this: If they truly fear the un­checked growth of pres­id­en­tial power, then their best op­tion is to come to the table and force com­prom­ise. It's the one sure way to keep Obama from go­ing cow­boy (or, in their minds, tyr­ant).
As it is, the tox­ic at­mo­sphere in the cap­it­al and the nearly total lack of trust between the two sides has brought about a situ­ation that should make few who care about func­tion­al gov­ern­ment happy. As evid­enced by the con­tinu­ing battles over the Af­ford­able Care Act, which was passed only with Demo­crat­ic votes, ac­tions that carry the pat­ina of bi­par­tis­an­ship en­joy wider pub­lic sup­port. But the cur­rent polit­ic­al stale­mate has made such out­comes al­most im­possible.
That leaves Obama to act on their own. And not only does that en­gender fur­ther mis­trust, but it risks fun­da­ment­ally al­ter­ing the dy­nam­ic of power between the ex­ec­ut­ive and le­gis­lat­ive branches.
Take the En­vir­on­ment­al Pro­tec­tion Agency's pro­posed car­bon-emis­sions rules. Cap-and-trade died a grisly death on the floor of the Sen­ate in 2010 (coal-state Demo­crats helped slay it, too), but now the prin­ciple lives on in the new power-plant regs.
Re­pub­lic­ans have long re­fused to en­gage at all on the sub­ject of glob­al warm­ing even as it has slowly moved closer to the fore­front of do­mest­ic policy is­sues. Broker­ing a le­gis­lat­ive com­prom­ise might have made the rules more in­dustry-friendly and, polit­ic­ally, the GOP would have been viewed as a ser­i­ous act­or on an is­sue that has Amer­ic­ans in­creas­ingly wor­ried. But that now may be a lost op­por­tun­ity.
And Obama's lack of re­straint doesn't end there. The Guantanamo pris­on­er trans­fer is a prime ex­ample. When the White House ob­jec­ted to a pro­vi­sion in the de­fense au­thor­iz­a­tion bill that re­quired con­gres­sion­al no­ti­fic­a­tion 30 days pri­or to a pris­on­er trans­fer at Guantanamo, it did so through a mech­an­ism that be­came no­tori­ous in the George W. Bush years for its po­ten­tial for ab­use: the pres­id­en­tial sign­ing state­ment. That gave Obama the free­dom, the ad­min­is­tra­tion ar­gues, to ig­nore the pro­vi­sion as it saw fit when it came to swap­ping five Taliban fight­ers for POW Bowe Ber­g­dahl. “We have re­peatedly noted con­cerns with this re­quire­ment,” Jay Car­ney, the White House press sec­ret­ary, main­tained on Monday.
Would it have gone down this way if the White House viewed the GOP as bet­ter part­ners? It's im­possible to say. But the end res­ult is a tattered law that was passed to rein in the ex­ec­ut­ive branch and now has largely been evis­cer­ated. Con­gress loses and the pres­id­ent wins — again. And that's usu­ally what hap­pens in these situ­ations.
You would think the GOP might have learned a les­son about the cost of total ob­struc­tion­ism after Sen­ate Ma­jor­ity Lead­er Harry Re­id last year triggered the nuc­le­ar op­tion and did away with the fili­buster for ex­ec­ut­ive-branch nom­in­ees. Since then, Re­pub­lic­ans have been forced to sit on their hands as one Obama nom­in­ee after an­oth­er has sailed through the Sen­ate, which has had the ef­fect, among oth­er things, of tip­ping the fed­er­al ap­peals courts in fa­vor of Demo­crat­ic judges. Some­where along the line, a deal could have been cut that would have pre­served the fili­buster for use when it was truly needed.
In fact, when you stand back and search amid the ru­ins, it's hard to see what ex­actly the GOP has got­ten out of its Hell No, We Won't Go Along strategy. Yes, the pres­id­ent's ap­prov­al rat­ing is down — and yes, the in­cess­ant at­tacks on Obama­care have played a role in that. But there are signs that the is­sue is los­ing steam with the midterm elect­or­ate just when the party needs it the most. And moreover, who is even less pop­u­lar than the pres­id­ent? Right: con­gres­sion­al Re­pub­lic­ans.
The best press the GOP has got­ten here in years is when it ac­tu­ally cut a budget deal and avoided a gov­ern­ment shut­down. But that's been the out­lier. And as the sum­mer ar­rives and the midterms loom, what will the House be do­ing with their lazy days, try­ing to reach a com­prom­ise on im­mig­ra­tion re­form or prob­ing #Benghazi even fur­ther? You already know the an­swer. And if and when the ad­min­is­tra­tion rolls out a new policy on de­port­a­tions (time-stamped shortly be­fore Elec­tion Day), Re­pub­lic­ans will again holler about over­reach but won't have much else to show.
This is not to sug­gest the GOP should ever just roll over on the pres­id­ent's agenda, but its con­tin­ued op­pos­i­tion to just about everything is a mis­read of the cur­rent state of ex­ec­ut­ive power. The play­ing field is tilted in the pres­id­ent's fa­vor. Des­pite Obama's fre­quent prot­est­a­tions to the con­trary, the mod­ern pres­id­ency comes equipped with a for­mid­able ar­ray of tools, ones that let them by­pass Con­gress with im­pun­ity.
The mon­ster is loose. With each passing week, Obama shows that they are grow­ing more com­fort­able with push­ing the lim­its of of­fice — and they could de­part in two years hav­ing ac­ted al­most on their own on everything from health­care to edu­ca­tion, cli­mate change and im­mig­ra­tion.
If they do, they end up with a leg­acy. The Re­pub­lic­ans? Maybe a t-shirt.
WHEN unveiling Britain's annual budget on March 19th George Osborne, the chancellor of the exchequer, crowed that the British economy was forecast to grow at an annualised rate of 2.7% in the first quarter of 2014, the fastest in the rich world. Their critics countered that whereas output in America and Germany has already topped the pre-crisis peak, Britain's will not get there until later this year. The data-point at issue in both cases is gross domestic product, or GDP, the total value of all goods and services produced within an economy each year. GDP is of critical economic importance; thousands of economists use estimates of the total amount spent or (equivalently) earned each year in their research. Governments also rely heavily on the figure, to shape policy or determine how much public spending is affordable. Yet GDP seems an impossibly complex thing to measure in a modern economy. How do countries calculate it?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
British and French economists began to estimate the total income earned in their economies in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, primarily to help their sovereigns find better ways to raise tax revenue. But proper estimates were not regularly produced until the early 20th century, when modern statistical techniques and the demands of total war encouraged governments to take a greater interest in national accounting. In most rich economies annual estimates are available from the 1930s, thanks to the travails of the Depression. Simon Kuznets, a Russian emigrant to America, is credited with creating the first true GDP estimate, for delivery to America's Congress in 1934. Governments of the day were determined to manage economic ups and downs and required regularly updated figures to do so. The outbreak of the second world war, and its consequent economic demands, pushed the task of economic measurement firmly into government hands. From then on, GDP estimates were produced by government statistical offices.
Output can be measured in three (theoretically equivalent) ways: by adding up all the money spent each year, by adding up all the money earned each year, or by adding up all the value added each year. Some economies, including Britain, combine all three methods into a single GDP figure, whereas others, like America, produce different statistics for each. (American GDP is estimated via the spending approach; GDI, or gross domestic income, by the income approach.) Data are gathered from many small surveys. America's Bureau of Economic Analysis draws data from surveys of manufacturers, builders and retailers, as well as from trade and financial flows, among other sources. These data are used to estimate the components of GDP, such as total investment and net exports. Owing to the demand for timely data, preliminary estimates are released and subsequently revised as more information is obtained. At longer intervals GDP statistics are given bigger overhauls, both to revise data and to recalibrate the underlying statistical models.
For all its uses, GDP is an imperfect measure. Different flavours of the statistic are more or less useful for different purposes. Real, or inflation-adjusted, GDP is needed to compare figures across time periods, while GDP per person is best for understanding how individual incomes are evolving. Some reckon that GDP can mislead. Money spent on activities that generate pollution, or on medical treatments that don't work, adds to GDP but does not reflect any improvement in national welfare. Indeed, a few outside-the-box thinkers reckon it ought to be scrapped entirely. In 1972 the king of Bhutan announced a plan to focus on “gross national happiness”. In recent years a few rich-world leaders have pushed efforts to study whether a happiness statistic could prove useful. In the meantime, money spent on such projects will be counted towards good old GDP.
Dig deeper:
Growing inequality is one of the biggest challenges of our time. But it is not inevitable (October 2012)
Happy and you know it? In Bhutan, debt and discontent are growing (July 2013)
A poll contradicts what we thought we know about income and happiness (February 2012)
Venezuela's military has taken charge of food distribution and key ports to guarantee supplies of basic goods and medicines amid increasing shortages and mounting unrest.
President Nicolas Maduro on Tuesday put their military in charge of five seaports, giving their country's armed forces a major promotion as Venezuela struggles under a dire economic and political crisis.
"Today, we are taking five fundamental ports of the country: Guanta, La Guaira, Puerto Cabello, Maracaibo and Guamache," Maduro said on state television after meeting Vladimir Padrino Lopez, their defence minister general.
The military will oversee production of food and medicine in "a great operation to fight the economic war", Maduro said.
The initiative to boost production and guarantee the smooth distribution of food supplies in the face of what they called economic sabotage by their opponents.
READ MORE: Thousands of Venezuelans pour into Colombia to buy food
The announcement came weeks after violent protests began over food shortages across the nation.
A drop in oil prices has left Venezuela's economy in tatters, and the lack of hard currency and inflation have starved the country of food, medicine and consumer goods.
On Sunday, Venezuela opened its closed border to Colombia to allow thousands of people to cross to buy food and other staples there.
Suspended factories
The nation's woes have accumulated with multinational firms shutting up shop and, on Tuesday, the US bank Citibank confirming it had closed the government's overseas payments account.
Maduro likened Citibank's move to a "financial blockade".
Their government had used the account to make payments in the US and elsewhere in the world.
Citibank's move was the latest in a string of closures or scaling back of operations of foreign companies operating in Venezuela, such as Coca-Cola, US food giant The Kraft Heinz company, Clorox and airlines Lufthansa, Aeromexico and American Airlines.
READ MORE: Venezuela takes over suspended Kimberly-Clark factory
On Monday, Venezuela's government said it was taking over and reactivating a factory belonging to the US company Kimberly-Clark, after the consumer products giant announced last week that it was suspending operations because of the country's deteriorating economic situation.
In the past month, at least five people have been killed in clashes with security forces sparked by food riots.
Historically, since the sport drastically cut down on the allowed amount of private and official testing on cost grounds, Ferrari has argued stridently against the new era.
But Maranello is now run by a new president, Fiat-Chrysler's Sergio Marchionne, alongside the former Marlboro executive and new team boss Maurizio Arrivabene.
On Monday as they sat with reporters, it became clear Ferrari's stance about testing has dramatically changed.
"We have talked about it," Marchionne said, "but the tests on the track will not be reintroduced."
Ferrari's new stance might be related to vast investments the team has made since the dawning of the 'no testing' era, for example in the realm of state-of-the-art simulators.
And an all-new facility at Maranello will be opened in mid-January, Germany's Sport Bild revealed.
But Marchionne explained: "The costs associated with this (allowing more free testing) would be detrimental to the already stretched budgets of more than one team.
"Having this kind of activity would only increase the scope of what is already a very serious situation for a number of teams," they added, "in what is a less than encouraging global situation."
The fleet of up to 38 workboats will assist Royal Navy ships from UK bases and on operations all over the world.
With HMS Queen Elizabeth Carrier set to enter their new home in Portsmouth in under two weeks time, tasks to be carried out by the boats will include transferring personnel to and from both of the UK's carriers.
Able to carry up to 36 passengers at one time, the workboats can be stowed inside the Carriers and winched to and from the water using on-board lifting equipment, allowing them to support the enormous ships either in port or on operations.
Building and supporting the boats will also sustain 60 British jobs, including 15 at Atlas Elektronik UK near Dorchester in Dorset where the boats will be built. A further 45 jobs will be sustained across the supply chain, including at E P Barrus in Bicester, KPM-Marine in Birmingham and Mashfords in Plymouth.
Defence Minister Harriett Baldwin said:
“From the south coast to the banks of the Clyde, British shipbuilding is ensuring that our growing Navy has the reach it needs to protect our interests around the globe. These cutting-edge workboats will support the likes of our iconic new aircraft carriers and the Type 26 frigates, as well as sustaining 60 British jobs. This is another step in our £178 billion plan to provide our Armed Forces with the very best equipment to keep our country safe.”
According to the MoD:
“Ranging in length from 11 to 18 metres, the boats will also perform other tasks including officer and diver training, Antarctic exploration and explosive ordnance disposal.
They are highly adaptable to operational demands thanks to their cutting-edge modular design elements. For example, if the Royal Navy wished to quickly redeploy a boat from hydrographic survey duties to support diving for explosive ordnance, the survey module can be quickly lifted out of the boat and replaced with the diving module containing the high pressure air required for that task.”
The contract will enable the design and construction of up to 38 boats as well as in-service support for the fleet for a further two years after the final boat is accepted. The first boat will enter service next year.
Chief Executive Officer of Defence Equipment and Support, the MOD's procurement organisation, Tony Douglas said:
“These boats use modern materials and have been designed from the keel up to provide the Royal Navy with unparalleled flexibility and adaptability.
DE&S is proud to maintain excellent working relationships with partners across UK industry, ensuring our Armed Forces continue to be provided with the equipment they need while also maintaining vital British skills and jobs.”
The boats will all feature glass-reinforced plastic hulls and advanced twin waterjet propulsion. Despite their varying roles, they will all have the same steering and control system, reducing the need for training and making them simpler to operate.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A taxi passenger was dragged from a cab and shot at point-blank range in a shocking attack in Manchester .
The 34-year-old victim was pulled from the vehicle by two hooded men and blasted in the leg on a quiet residential street in Collyhurst .
The brutal ambush happened on Shilford Drive at around 11.15pm on Monday.
The victim, who is understood to live close to the scene, was raced to hospital and remains in a serious condition with a broken femur.
Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening.
Detectives have made no comment on any possible motive for the attack, but say they are treating the shooting as a targeted incident.
They say the man had been drinking in the Bradford Inn on Bradford Road before picking up a cab at 11pm.
Caren Healey, landlady at the pub said: “He's a regular of mine and they are a lovely lad. They don't have a bad bone in their body.
“I just can't believe it. None of us can. We're all in shock.
“He is such a nice guy. Everyone is saying it must be a mistake. We can't get over it.”
(Image: Vincent Cole)
Residents on the street described hearing a loud bang before seeing the street flooded with police and emergency services.
The cab driver is understood to have run to raise the alarm at the nearby Marble Arch pub on Rochdale Road.
The vehicle, a mini-bus operated by Cresta Cars, remained on the street, which was cordoned off until yesterday afternoon, whilst it was examined by forensic officers.
It was eventually towed away by a recovery truck.
One woman who lives on the street said: “I heard a loud bang but thought it must be a car back-firing or something.
“I eventually looked out of the window and the street was just full of police who had cordoned it off.
“I've lived here 25 years and we've never head so much as a burglary never mind something like this.
“No one can quite believe it.”
Det Chief Insp Jamie Daniels said: “It was an isolated incident, but as is typical after such an attack there will be extra officers on patrol in the area to offer some reassurance to the community.
(Image: Vincent Cole)
“We know that the victim was drinking in the Bradford Inn on Bradford Road that evening, and was picked up by the taxi from that pub somewhere around 11pm.
“The help of the community is crucial if we are able to discover who is responsible for such attacks.
“If anyone witnessed the incident, or perhaps saw anything suspicious in the area at the time, or was in the Bradford Inn and noticed something out of the ordinary, then please contact the police as a matter of urgency.
“Every piece of information, no matter how large or small is vital in helping us work out who is responsible for this vicious assault.”
The first offender is described as around 6ft tall and wearing dark clothing with their hood up.
The second offender is described as slightly shorter than their accomplice and also wearing dark clothing with their hood up.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 0161 856 3101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
Download our new app for Apple and Android devices
"You gotta go out there," they implored him. "You gotta go out there."
NEW YORK -- Their teammates egged them on, one after another. Approaching the end of a rookie season for the ages, it was time for Aaron Judge to finally rise.
NEW YORK -- Their teammates egged them on, one after another. Approaching the end of a rookie season for the ages, it was time for Aaron Judge to finally rise.
"You gotta go out there," they implored him. "You gotta go out there."
View Full Game Coverage
• Shop for Yankees postseason gear
Such was the discussion that led to Judge's first career curtain call. At first bashful, Judge relented, and with two strides up the dugout steps appeared on the field, the new Major League record holder for home runs during a rookie season with 50.
Video: KC@NYY: Judge's 49th HR ties McGwire's rookie record
Judge belted Nos. 49 and 50 to lead New York to a 11-3 win over the Royals on Monday, the first tying and the second breaking Mark McGwire's single-season rookie record, which had stood since 1987. Judge's second of the game, a titanic shot off Trevor Cahill in the seventh, was quite the capper.
• DYK? At 25, Judge rewriting record books
 They are the fifth player in Yankees history to hit 50 home runs in a season, joining Babe Ruth (four times), Mickey Mantle (twice), Roger Maris and Alex Rodriguez.
Video: Must C Classic: Judge sets MLB rookie home run record
"Describe the feeling?" Judge said after the game. "It's been an incredible ride, this whole year."
A paid crowd of 40,023 cheered Judge for their record-setting blast, but its roar could have easily been seen as appreciation for their summer as a whole. Judge now has six games to extend their record, but their season already ranks highly among the most impressive rookie campaigns in Major League history.
"I couldn't be happier for him," said McGwire, who currently works as the Padres' bench coach. "The future for them as a bona fide home run hitter is bright. Who knows what the number is going to be. Watch out 73. Seriously."
• Stroll down memory lane for all of Judge's homers
Video: Extended Cut of Judge's 50th HR, breaks rookie record
After scuffling some in July and August, Judge now has 13 home runs in September, the most in any month this season. He's hit seven in their last seven games, a stretch that's put them right back in the middle of the American League MVP race, alongside Houston's Jose Altuve and Cleveland's Jose Ramirez.
"You're going to have a hard time arguing they don't [deserve it], and you're going to have a hard time arguing other guys don't, based on what side of the fence you're on," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "But for me, he's been incredible."
Video: KC@NYY: Girardi on Judge breaking rookie homer record
Judge's blasts continue to inspire awe from their manager and teammates, and their homers Monday were just two more examples of that. They took a high fastball from Jakob Junis and lined it 389 feet, according to Statcast™, in the third, before pulling a breaking ball into the left-field bleachers in the seventh.
Judge had never experienced a curtain call before, never in amateur ball or the Minor Leagues. They were embarrassed afterwards, saying they didn't feel comfortable drawing attention to themselves that way.
"The game was going on, you know?" Judge said. "I was more focused on that."
Video: KC@NYY: Yankees talk Judge breaking rookie HR record
But for their teammates, the moment served as a culmination of what Judge has meant to the Yankees' rebuild, which appears complete with a playoff appearance just a week away. And it was a moment earned for a rookie season that now stands alone in history.
"Hitting 50 home runs, carrying this team to the playoffs," said starter CC Sabathia, who earned the win Monday, "we can honestly say we are in this spot because of him. That's what an MVP is."
Judge broke the record with a 408-foot shot to left-center, a towering drive that reached a 136-foot peak, according to Statcast™.
Judge has now homered against every AL opponent this season.
It's been 1.5 years since we last did an incident bash , so time was ripe for executing another in order to get some fresh data. Enter the Great Incident Bash of 2015.
Just to make sure we have the terms in place: An incident is when a user sends us a report through the bugreporter. An incident is turned into a bug when one of our testers has successfully reproduced the incident as a bug.
An incident bash is a period of time where we mark up a random sample of bugs within a given time period. In this case, we took 28 days of incidents that came in on version 5.0.1f1. We looked at 5.0.1f1 because it is the first release to roll up the initial patches after 5.0. We get a majority of incidents a month or two after the release, so this was a good time to look at it. Our sample had a total of 2058 incidents of which we randomly marked up 25%, leading us to fully investigate 491 cases.
Fully investigating a case means that we try to reproduce every case, respond to the user if we miss information, follow up on every response and try to get to the bottom of each case. This is immensely time consuming, but doing it on a random sample gives us a lot of information.
Going through 491 incidents, we managed to turn 73 into a bug:
That's a total of 14.86% of the entire population. Compared to the previous value of 6.83%, this is a lot more valid bugs, but it is also very low compared to the effort of digging them out. In other words, 85% of all incidents we get are in fact not bugs or duplicates of known issues. Having to wade through 7 bugs to actually find something real is an immense waste of time, so normally we don't do that.
What we do is prioritize incidents according to a rating system. The rating takes into account the description, attached projects, images and files. It ranges from 0 (crash, profanity, no added information) to 5 (project attached and a solid description). We also handle incidents from our enterprise support customers first, because we have direct relations with them already. As such, we take incidents in the following order:
Enterprise customers -> Pro Rating 5 -> Rating 5 -> Pro Rating 4 -> Rating 4 -> etc.
Because of the incident bash, we now have the data to check whether this system is working.
The overview of the ratings on the incidents we started with shows that 4 and 5 are the smallest portion of the total pool.
We can see that 55 Rating 5 and 35 Rating 4 incidents out of the total 491 is not a lot. The one incident without a rating got through by mistake, but we included it for completeness sake.
Looking at the spread of the bugs according to the rating they had, we see the following picture:
As expected, the vast majority of actual bugs were those with a rating of 5. And that's out of the smallest pool of incidents.
The rating 0 incidents that do turn into bugs are most likely crashes that we have automatically identified through our crash analysis tool. We will blog about that later in the year. For now, please make sure you send all crash reports to us, even if you don't add information. We can use the data for processing automatically.
Rating Chance of Bug 0 1% 1 0% 2 16% 3 14% 4 20% 5 62%
This table really tells the story of why we are so insistent on getting a repro project attached and get a good description as well. Rating 4 is a solid description, but no attachment, while 5 is both. The difference is a 3 times larger chance of reproducing the issue and ultimately filing a bug that can be fixed.
It also tells the story of why we prioritize rating 5 so high. We are hunting bugs, as many as we can in the time we have available. That means prioritizing the effort on where the biggest chance of finding a bug is present. We will never be able to handle and respond to all incidents, there are simply too many incomings. To date, we have gotten 4.510 incidents reported on just version 5.0.1f1, of which only 10.7% percent have rating 5.
There are other things we are working on to change the flow of incidents. Coming in 5.3, we will integrate an automated search in the bug reporter itself. This will attempt to present possible solutions to a user as they are filling out the form, which will hopefully allow them to solve the problem much faster than having a turnaround with our team.
Further down the road, we will integrate crash lookups with our internal crash analysis tools, so a crash will automatically be able to tell the user whether it is a known problem, if there is a patch that solves it or if this is a new crash and we need more information. There are many other ways we can improve the bug reporter and we're continuously working on it.
Remember back in April, when Steve Jobs replied to the overblown iPhone LocationGate mini-scandal by saying that it was Google who was tracking users, not Apple? As they often are, looks like Steve is right.
CNet is reporting today that Google Maps can be used to see the approximate location of iPhones, iPads and MacBooks (along with any other connected device) which are connected to a WiFi network.
CNet says that unique hardware IDs, or MAC addresses, are periodically sent back to Google when you are using Google Maps. This is all done as part of a mission to create a more intelligent mapping service which could theoretically serve up even greater coverage with finer granularity to end users.
None of this is really a problem… except that now, Google and Skyhook Wireless are making their location databases publicly accessible. That means that if someone knows your device's MAC address, they can use Google Maps to track every location you've ever been with a margin of error between 100 and 200 feet.
According to Cnet, the problem's pretty wide scale: they found that they can correspond approximately 10% of all laptops and mobile phones to physical addresses. All it takes knows your device's unique hardware ID.
Apple's so-called iPhone LocationGate was a bug that just left a record of where you'd been with your iPhone on your own computer, if your device backups weren't encrypted. This seems to be a lot more serious, though: it seems as if Google is actually storing the physical addresses of millions of iPhones and MacBooks across the country.
What do you think? Security threat, or overblown? Let us know in the comments.
Nick Xenophon and Jacqui Lambie agree to preference deal for next federal election
Updated
Two of the country's highest profile federal senators have forged a political alliance in an attempt to win more seats at the next election.
Nick Xenophon has secured the support of Tasmanian senator Jacqui Lambie following a trip to the north-west of the state last week, where they attended a community forum and bonded with Senator Lambie over fast food.
Senator Xenophon has also publicly backed Senator Lambie's controversial call for drug addicts to be forced into compulsory rehabilitation.
Both senators recently created their own political parties, the Nick Xenophon Team and the Jacqui Lambie Network, in an attempt to win senate seats across the country in the federal election, due next year.
In 2013, Senator Lambie only just scraped into Parliament for the first time with the backing of the Palmer United Party, but turned independent after an acrimonious split with Clive Palmer earlier this year.
Do you know more about this story? Email 7.30syd@your.abc.net.au
In contrast, Senator Xenophon has been in the Senate since 2007 and is an extremely popular figure in South Australia obtaining almost 25 per cent of the vote at the last election — and that has Liberal MPs in the state nervous.
Senator Lambie told 7.30 the potential power couple had made a handshake deal.
"Nick and I have spoken about preference deals but nothing's been set in concrete," they said.
"It comes down to a trust game, so there'll be no signing going on [but] if Nick says we're going to share preferences and we decide on that, we'll just share preferences."
The Tasmanian Senator said the Jacqui Lambie Network plans to run candidates in all six states, with candidates currently ready to go in three, including South Australia.
"We have candidates for about three of the states and you'll see them out running over the next four to six weeks," they said.
"I reckon you'll know some of them, absolutely.
"[They're from] scattered backgrounds, everything from education to health to veterans too military to anything from a transport driver — they'll be a mixture, absolutely."
Topics: federal-government, federal-elections, australia, tas, sa
First posted
With all of 155 horsepower, the Miata MX-5 leaves two squiggly rubber smears imprinted on the asphalt as I peel out on a quiet two-lane road somewhere south of San Francisco. The new Miata is the least powerful sports car I've driven in years. But with its hand-operated soft roof, manual gearbox, and Mighty-Mouse-esque four-cylinder engine, it's the little hornet that could: a tiny body and a hell-bent attitude.
No modern automotive brand is more underrated than Mazda. While the sales volume goes to brands like Toyota and Honda, I often recommend Mazda to friends who are looking for economy, coherently designed interiors, and genuine driving fun. The MX-5 and Mazda 6 speak perfectly to the brand's DNA, but even the CX-5 crossover is more entertaining than it has any right to be.
That DNA is what has prompted this Miata-powered road trip from the San Francisco airport to the Monterey Peninsula, and one of my favorite racetracks, Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca.
This is The Harper Spin, a weekly column from seasoned auto critic Jason H. Harper. He's raced at Le Mans, crushed a car in a 50-ton tank, and now, he's bringing their unique style to The Verge.
Mazda has sponsored the world-famous track for 16 years to highlight an often-overlooked reality: Mazda is a racing brand. In the US, there are more Mazda racecars or Mazda-powered racecars competing any given weekend than any other brand, including Porsche and BMW. They've been at it a long time, with racing cred dating from the early 1970s all the way up to winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1991. Le Mans is the big boy of endurance racing, and Mazda is the only Japanese manufacturer to ever take the prize, using a sophisticated rotary-powered prototype. The rotary engines are gone, as are the prototypes. These days you're more likely to see a racetrack-ready Miata competing in any number of amateur series worldwide. Indeed, a brand-new 2016 MX-5 Cup car is waiting on the track for me right now. At a starting price of $53,000, it may be the least expensive competition-worthy racecar in the world. How very Mazda. But it is accompanied by five other cars which have been trucked in from a semi-secret basement garage in Mazda's Irvine, California headquarters. Each is a historically significant racecar from Mazda's history, from a homely and road-weary 1970s coupe all the way up to the type of sophisticated prototype that won Le Mans. Mazda execs have promised to show me the brand's DNA in the most visceral, terrifying way I can imagine, using millions and millions of dollars worth of high-horsepower — and highly fragile — machinery on the famous racetrack which they sponsor.
Does all this racing stuff translate into the actual production cars? I'd argue that it does. Mazda splits its design, engineering, and development teams between Japan and California. In America, a lot of the key staff also race. They wrench on their own cars and spend a lot time thinking about how a car should move. Get into the new Miata and take a corner and its tautness and fluidity speak to that. I'm no racing scholar, so the vintage cars lined up in Laguna's garages mean little to me by name. But one look at the savage-looking hardware and I get the sweats. These five cars are mostly swoops of folded fiberglass over tubular frames, with classic rotary engines shoved deep inside their bodies. They were all competitive in their time, and they're all pretty damn fast even today. One car calls me to like no other There's a 1972 RX-2 which looks basic, but is the loudest car I've ever heard. (It is the No. 00B car in the photos.) Editors from Car and Driver used to race it, which explains the rampant hearing loss I noticed when I met the magazine's old-timers years ago. From there it steps up to 1989 IMSA GTU MX-6 (No. 37) and 1991 IMSA GTO RX-7 (No. 62). They have long snouts, rotary engines up front, and big wings. I'm told that they are manly, mean things, and they need a firm and aggressive hand to keep them in check. But one car calls me to like no other. The No. 77 is a silver dart and it goes by the name of the RX-792P. The prototype was crafted of early carbon fiber and raced for only one year, 1992. I gaze upon it and swoon. It is a Buck Rogers Starfighter with grafted-on, golden-rimmed wheels. It has a literal cockpit, with a tiny hinged window into which you cram your body inside so you can slip into the single right-side seat. The RX-792P has the biggest damn carbon-fiber rear wing known to man. "That wing alone costs about $40,000," one of the Mazda engineers says. "And we don't have a replacement." The car weighs less than 2,000 pounds and has about 750 horsepower out of its large rotary engine (located behind the cockpit). The big wing lends more than 700 pounds of downforce. It is a very serious machine.
"Are you really sure you want me to drive all of these?" I ask Jeremy Barnes, the director of PR. They wave off-handedly. "You'll be fine." Jeremy races the gnarliest car of all, the GT0 RX-7, here at Laguna Seca during the annual Pebble Beach historic races. I've watched them take on faster cars and pro drivers, and he's competitive, running down the opposition as the Mazda's side pipes shoot out flames. Meanwhile I'd spent the previous night having turbulent dreams about mishandling the old, tricky transmissions: vivid images of rocketing down the track at 130 mph and going for fifth gear and mistakenly putting it into third — an easy way to blow up a very expensive historic motor. Driving a vintage racecar ain't easy. They were built on string budgets with overworked teams who never had enough time. They are fragile and temperamental and engineers packed as much power into them as possible. Nobody expected them to last beyond a season. Transmissions were weird and balky, brakes iffy. Fires were not uncommon. And of course there were no such things as traction or stability controls. The upside? These cars here are in as good of a condition as they were when they were new. Current employees maintain the historic fleet. And they're also are the ones who get to drive, race, and pit crew on them. The fleet is used as both an incentive and a way to pass on the company DNA — kind of like a mother dough, transferring the starter yeast from generation to generation. I warm up in the brand-new MX-5 Cup car. It has no roof, just a roll cage, and looks similar to the regular Miata except that all the creature comforts have been removed, replaced by a fire extinguisher and five-point harness. It is bliss to run it around Mazda Raceway. I could drive it out here all day long and never get tired. But I have other vehicles to abuse, and I cycle my way through the vintage cars, trying to work out the byzantine starting procedures and the maddening manual transmissions. How byzantine? Well, you start the GTO like this: turn on the master switch, flip the secondary ignition switch on and off three times, and then count to 15 as you mash the gas pedal down. Wait another 15 seconds and then actually turn the car on. Again, that's just to get the car running.
A 6th-grade teacher in Jackson, Miss., asked their class to take a survey to determine which of their classmates were most likely to get pregnant, die and contract AIDS before graduation from high school.
Now the father of the honor student selected as most likely to get pregnant wants the teacher fired, according to local station WAPT.
Curtis Lyons said they found out about the survey when their daughter came home from Chastain Middle School Monday.
“She was humiliated,” Lyons said. “She's an honor student.”
According to the father, students were given a survey in science class that asked them to select students they thought were most likely to die, get pregnant, or contract AIDS.
The names of all students were included on the survey and the class associated the names with the scenarios.
Once the results were tallied, Lyons said, the teacher told their daughter that the statistics showed that their classmates believed that they were one of four girls most likely to become pregnant.
“I don't think they should be teaching kids,” Lyons said. “Those questions were out of place and inappropriate. I want to know what was the lesson in that?”
“What happened to most likely to succeed?” they asked. “Do you feel this is what should be done in schools? How would you feel if the teacher told your son they would DIE before 19 or daughter they would have a baby before they finish high school? We should all be outraged.”
School officials said they are investigating the matter.
Lyons said they want the teacher fired and they want an apology from the school board.
If you'd like to sound off on this issue, please take part in the WorldNetDaily poll.
The smartphone landscape has benefitted from an infusion of variety this week as handsets running on the Firefox OS appeared on the market, as well as a WhatsApp styled phone from Nokia.
Spanish start-up manufacturer Geeksphone has launched two smartphones running on the Firefox OS platform, developed by open source outfit Mozilla. The Peak and Keon are designed for developers looking to test and create apps for Firefox OS.
“These devices have not been designed for consumers and include a pre-release development version of Firefox OS,” the firm told Telecoms.com.
The Peak runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor, has a 4.3-inch screen and has 4GB storage space. The Keon runs on a Snapdragon S1 processor, has a 3.5-inch screen and also comes with 4GB storage space.
According to Geeksphone, it has already sold out of the Firefox OS handsets it had in stock, and has had to produce more to satisfy demand.
Meanwhile, Finnish firm Nokia has unveiled a device with a dedicated WhatsApp button, giving users easier access to the popular OTT messaging service.
The Nokia Asha 210 is part of Nokia's smartphone range, aimed primarily at emerging markets. It has a QWERTY keyboard and a two-megapixel camera. The firm said it will be available for around $72 and expects it to start shipping in the second quarter of 2013.
“The Nokia Asha 210 really stands out giving super-social consumers new ways to express their personalities through design, colour and innovations like the world's first WhatsApp button,” said Timo Toikkanen, executive vice president, Mobile Phones, Nokia. “It has been designed to allow people to easily update their social networks, stay in touch with friends and share user created content.”
Late last month, The Hill reported on a feud between Harry Reid and the DSCC on one side and former South Dakota Senate majority leader Tom Daschle on the other. Daschle has been furious that Reid has refused to endorse, and the Democratic party has barely spent a dime on, the campaign of Democratic Senate candidate Rick Weiland. (We're not sure that an endorsement-endorsement from Harry Reid would help any Democratic Senate candidate, but a tacit nod towards the party's money apparatus to support someone sure would.) It goes back to candidate recruitment last year, when Reid and the party wanted former Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin to run. They chose not to, but Rick Weiland stayed in. Since then, the help Weiland's been getting from the party has been... [crickets].
The story was easy to dismiss, even a couple of weeks ago, because who cared about Harry Reid and Tom Daschle fighting over some lost Senate race? Now we know, though, that the race is hardly lost. It's a three-person race between Republican Mike Rounds, independent (and former Republican Senator) Larry Pressler, and Weiland. A well-publicized poll last week showed Rounds leading Pressler by a modest 3 percentage points, and Weiland by 7. The numbers are close enough that the DSCC is putting $1 million into the race -- not to support either Pressler or Weiland, but to attack Rounds.
Advertisement:
Pressler, the Republican-turned-independent, is the closest to Rounds in current polling and thus presents the best shot to knock the Republican off. Or maybe they did present the best shot.
Politico wrote up some opposition research on Pressler late last week that showed Pressler's principle residence is in Washington, D.C. One of the things we've learned from races like, say, Kansas Senate, is that revelations about candidates not *actually* living in the states where they're running can be damaging. You could argue that these attacks are Very Silly -- you don't need to sit on the recliner in some house in Kansas or South Dakota all the time in order to know how to represent a state's interests in Washington D.C. -- but they do work.
Suppose this news hurts Pressler. Then that offers Weiland a chance to grow. If Weiland were to become the predominant challenger to Rounds, that would make things easier for the Democratic party -- instead of hoping that some independent (who was a Republican until like five seconds ago) wins and chooses to caucus with the Democrats, a real-life Democrat could be the one to save Tim Johnson's seat.
The other great thing about a Rick Weiland possibly emerging as Rounds' main rival is that Rick Weiland is THE MAN. Just check out this platform!
But in a telephone interview, Weiland insisted the skeptics were wrong, and that there remains a path to victory for him. And they laid out a strikingly progressive platform as the vehicle to get there: An option of Medicare for all, otherwise known as a new public option; expanding Social Security; aggressive opposition to the Keystone pipeline; and a Constitutional amendment overturning Citizens United.
Can we just make this guy president-for-life, right now? This is such a refreshing contrast to the "centrism" (Social Security cuts) espoused by Pressler or Greg Orman, the other great independent hope of 2014. If only the DSCC had been giving this guy the big bucks from day one...
...but you can understand why they didn't, can't you? Whatever complaints that Democratic party and Harry Reid may offer about Weiland "messing with their timetable" a year ago, there's an whiff of "dirty hippie" about them that Democratic party money people despise and consider not viable. There is no way a dirty hippie like this Weiland fellow can win a red state, and so forth.
Advertisement:
A Democratic source who requested anonymity said, “The DSCC has private polling showing that Weiland has no chance of winning in any combination of the field, including in a head-to-head matchup against Rounds. They and Sen. Daschle are wasting everyone's time and resources, including their own.”
That was two weeks ago. Now, the DSCC is putting $1 million in the race, and South Dakota media is cheap. There may be time to save the race yet. But imagine what could have been if Weiland's campaign had national support from the beginning.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- Five things to know about the fees charged to merchants that accept credit cards:
How the fees work: Merchants are charged a percentage of the total transaction. For example, if you buy a set of pots and pans that costs $100 and the fee is 1.5 per cent, the store is charged $1.50 and keeps $98.50 from the sale.
What's included in the fee: Payment processors charge stores, restaurants and other merchants what is called the merchant discount rate. That rate includes the so-called interchange fee set by the credit card company. The interchange fee is paid between banks for the acceptance of credit card-based transactions.
Not all cards are the same: How many merchants are charged varies depending on the type of credit card. Stores are charged one rate for basic credit cards, but if you use a premium card like Visa Infinite or World Elite MasterCard that gives reward points or other benefits, the rate is higher.
Not all purchases are the same: The amount merchants are charged can also vary depending on their business. Gas stations and grocery stores are charged different rates than other types of merchants. The fees can also be different if you're purchasing pots and pans online or by telephone than if you actually purchase them in the store.
Code of conduct: The federal government updated the code of conduct for the credit and debt card industry last year. The changes made it easier for merchants to opt out of their contracts if their payment processor raises rates or doesn't pass on savings from Visa and MasterCard. The code also applies to mobile payments, and placed a six-month limit on the auto-renewal of contracts with payment processors.
Based On NSA Defender's Arguments Against Public Debate, The 4th Amendment Should Be Classified
from the sources-and-methods! dept
Notice how much the Fourth Amendment tells our enemies. "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated," it states, "and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."
The Framers are usually considered patriots. Yet they gave traitors and criminals in their midst such powerful knowledge about concealing evidence of skullduggery! Today every terrorist with access to a pocket Constitution is privy to the same text. And thanks to the Supreme Court's practice of publishing its opinions, al-Qaeda need only have an Internet connection to gain a very nuanced, specific understanding of how the Fourth Amendment is applied in individual cases, how it constrains law enforcement, and how to exploit those limits.
"You can't debate our intelligence capabilities and how to control them in the public without disclosing all of the things that you're discussing to the very people you're trying to gather intelligence about," they said. "Your targets are listening to the debates."
One of the key points that we keep hearing from defenders of the intelligence community concerning the Snowden leaks, is that all these revelations about what the NSA is spying on is providing important info to "our enemies" who can then use that information to evade the watchful eyes of US intelligence. That's silly for a variety of reasons, with a big one pointed out by Conor Friedersdorf at The Atlantic. Based on that same logic, you could argue that the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution should be classified as top secret for revealing the same kind of information. Cue the sarcasm:He makes the basic point that you can more or less apply this kind of test to all of the claims by NSA defenders. They point to regular Techdirt favorite, Stewart Baker , who is still apoplectic about the idea that we're having a public debate about any of this, because:But, uh, yeah, that's kind ofof living in a free and open society. Nearly a decade ago, in a totally different arena, Professor Ed Felten talked about how you could debunk calls for stronger intellectual property protections via the Pizzaright Principle , whereby if the identical argument being made for why we need stronger copyright or patent protections could similarly be made for why someone deserves an exclusive right to sell pizza, then the argument is bogus.It seems that we could do a similar sort of thing for any discussion that tries to cut off public debate and discussion about what the intelligence community is doing as well. If the same argument could equally apply to why we should not have a public 4th Amendment, it should be default evidence that the argument being pushed is completely bogus. We can call it the "Classified 4th Amendment Test."
Filed Under: 4th amendment, classified, debate, nsa, openness, public discussion, stewart baker
Improving Video Quality for Crunchyroll and VRV
Michael Dale Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 16, 2017
At Ellation we have been hard at work rolling out updated encoding settings to drive increased video quality for Crunchyroll. This work includes improvements to quality for both our HD viewers and those on limited bandwidth, to get the best quality possible for the device.
Traditionally, Crunchyroll video has been served out of datacenter infrastructure. However, to scale with the launch of VRV and the growing Crunchyroll audience we decided to transition to cloud encode and delivery. This transition to the new cloud delivery infrastructure is starting to drive greater stability in video serving and involved using an alternate set of encodes. This encodes were affected by a mistake in our encoding settings discovered after the catalog had been encoded. We have been using these problematic encodes for distribution a day or more after publishing the simulcasts and were progressively reducing this delay. The Crunchyroll community rightfully raised concerns that these transitional encodes are not up to the quality we intended. We apologize for not hitting the high quality bar that we are committed to delivering throughout the entirety of this transition as well as for any confusion this may have caused.
Today we are rolling out some of the encode profiles we are transitioning to as part of the new cloud video encoding infrastructure. We see these new encodes as the upper end of online streams for anime available anywhere. You will see these updated encodes immediately for all simulcasts going forward. The entire back-catalog will also be refreshed with updated settings as we complete our transition to the new cloud platform as originally intended.
Whats changing?
Crunchyroll old video infrastructure encoder quality used a flat bitrate (ABR) across all episodes and series. This resulted in one size fits all for every show where episodes used a fixed bitrate to meet quality expectations. Similar to Netflix's transition to per content encoding, Ellation has started moving to more variable bitrates and per content constant quality (CRF) settings. This transition enables bandwidth constrained consumers on mobile devices to experience much higher video quality since video bitrate is not artificially constrained to high value as with the old video encoding infrastructure. As outlined in the samples below, some complex scenes could use more bitrate than Crunchyroll old video encoding infrastructure had allocated them. With this new encoding scheme we will continue to refine and ensure a high level quality in a much broader set of content scenarios.
Spoilers Alert
For example “My Love Story, episode 14” at 19:38, when Takeo and Rinko go to an amusement park with a girl who's trying to split them up; they ultimately decide not to and Rinko and Takeo get to enjoy the parade together there is a scene of flashing lights that is traditionally challenging for encoders.
Screenshot Disclaimer: We are sharing some quick samples here, please watch this space more formal analysis.
The original scene from the source mezzanine
For this scene we can look at the 3 encode settings we now have active on crunchyroll.
Our misconfigured encoder settings
You can see a degradation of the arm gradient.
With our historic Crunchyroll encodes we do a lot better with a very high constant bitrate but still see some minor degradation.
Old Crunchyroll encodes
The old Crunchyroll encodes.
Finally our newest encodes allow for more bitrate for complex scenes to slightly better capture details as available from the original mezzanine.
New encodes of the same scene.
New encode detail zoom
You can take a look at these new encodes in the Love Story series and all simulcasts going forward.
Please watch this space for additional technical details regarding the encoding techniques being employed as we plan to share many more about our encoding and technology platform going forward.
Throughout 2017 we have big plans to test newer codecs such as VP9 and work with upstream content partners to drive quality and resolution upward. If you're interested in joining the efforts and many other exciting projects for Crunchyroll and VRV please get in touch.
The Ellation Video Team
BUSINESS
A family wearing masks poses for a photo after casting their votes for the presidential election in Myeonmok-dong, Seoul, Tuesday. Yonhap
Sales of masks and air purifiers recently skyrocketed by five to eight times upon fine dust alerts and yellow dust from China last weekend, retailers said Tuesday.Nose mask sales at CU convenience stores surged by 446 percent on-year between Saturday and Sunday, when the National Institute of Environmental Research issued fine dust warnings nationwide, according to the retailer.The company saw an 84 percent on-year increase in nose mask sales between April 1 and May 7.Retail chain E-mart also reported a 102 percent increase in its nose mask sales during the first week of May.Korean e-commerce company Ticket Monster said sales of nose masks during the first week of May rose by 660 percent compared with the same period last year. The company's sales of nose masks in April also increased twofold on-year.Air purifiers have also been flying off the shelves.In the last week, offline sales of air purifiers at local retailers Lotte Hi-mart and E-mart increased by 410 percent and 349 percent, respectively.E-commerce website 11st Street also reported that online sales of air purifiers had soared by threefold year-on-year between April 1 and May 7.Ticket Monster's air purifier sales went up by 20 percent in April, the company's spokesperson said.“Though certified nose masks are three times more expansive (than ordinary ones), they sell better. Customers also appear willing to pay more for air purifiers as they are closely related to their health,” Ticket Monster's spokesperson Lim Seok-hoon said.By Shim Woo-hyun ( ws@heraldcorp.com
It's like Red Dawn all over again, but this time without the Russians. Or at least their troops.
The apocalyptic fear of a Communist takeover of the federal government is one of the longtime, original staples of the conspiracy-fueled American antigovernment movement. And with Donald Trump, the apparent antithesis of those fears (despite their own many connections to Russia), soon to assume the presidency, they're giving that paranoia one last big hurrah.
The website of the antigovernment group the Oath Keepers, as well as its Facebook page, have been shouting out warnings all this week: “Communists Intend to Overthrow the United States Before Inauguration Day,” “10,000 Men With Guns To Prevent Coup on Inauguration Day,” “In Just 10 Days, the Radical Left Will Attempt to Overthrow the U.S. Government.”
At the Infowars conspiracy mill run by Alex Jones, the theories have been multifarious as well as frantic: “Anarchists Are Hoping To Turn Donald Trump's Inauguration On January 20th Into One Of The Biggest Riots In U.S. History,” “Will The CIA Assassinate Trump?”, “Alex Jones' Emergency Message To President Donald Trump To Deter Martial Law.”
Other right-wing conspiracists and Trump supporters are getting into the act. The far-right “Bikers For Trump” organization, which has a permit to protest at the inauguration, says it plans to protect Trump supporters and attendees at the events from protesters.
Video of Conspiracists Fear Plot to Delegitimize, Overthrow Trump Via Protests Levin warns of coup, 'Bikers for Trump' say they'll prevent one.
Chris Cox, the founder of the pro-Trump group, told Fox News: “In the event we are needed, we certainly will form a wall of meat.”
The fears that radical leftists might prevent Trump's ascension to the presidency are rampant among antigovernment extremists. Ironically, many of the same militiamen vowing to come to Trump's defense were vowing before the election to undertake armed rebellion against the government in the event of an “illegal” Hillary Clinton victory.
Now the focus of their concern – and the source of their claims of a vast Communist conspiracy to prevent Trump from becoming president – is a series of anti-Trump protests organized by a group far-left activists calling themselves Refuse Fascism. As the Oath Keepers website explained, these activists are planning a series of continuing protests against Trump's election with the express purpose of preventing them from taking office.
Indeed, Refuse Fascism's website is fairly explicit that this is its hope: “Nothing less than to create such a profound political crisis before the intended inauguration (January 20, 2017) that the fascist regime is actually not able to take the reins of government.
“Imagine if people, in the tens of millions, filled the streets, powerfully declaring that this regime is illegitimate and demanding that it not be allowed to rule! The whole political landscape would be dramatically transformed, every faction within the established power structure would be forced to respond—and all this could well lead to a situation in which this fascist regime is actually prevented from ruling,” reads its mission statement.
The RefuseFascism protests began this weekend, and videos from those marches revealed that it is a small organization that managed to attract only a couple dozen protesters to march Saturday, Sunday and Monday in Washington.
Reality notwithstanding, the rhetoric used by Refuse Fascism apparently revived old far-right John Birch Society-style paranoia among antigovernment militiamen and conspiracy theorists, with visions of Red Dawn-style military takeovers of government institutions dancing in their heads. (The original 1984 action film depicting a Russian military takeover of the U.S. was inspired by Birch-style theories.) The warnings issued from the Oath Keepers and Alex Jones reflected the longtime “New World Order” takeover paranoia.
Video of Alex Jones Believes CIA Wants to Kill Trump, Use Inauguration Protests as Cover Infowars warns of coup attempt, Jones issues plea to Trump
Jones began theorizing even before the election that the CIA or some other “globalist” entity wanted to assassinate Trump, and after the election they began pumping these theories with even greater frequency and deeper embellishment: “Will Globalists Attempt Trump Inauguration Assassination?” read a typical headline. “Dems Plot to Stop Inauguration,” was the title of another segment.
As the days have neared, Jones themselves has picked up the pitch of this rhetoric, warning that the “globalists” are “still in executive control, and might try some kind of martial law scenario.” They pleaded with Trump to expose their nefarious scheme by citing their own conspiracy theories involving a supposed hack by Chinese agents.
Video of 'Health Ranger' Adams Warns of Communist Plan to Mount Inauguration-Day Coup Supports the idea of arresting and prosecuting Trump protesters
One of the Oath Keepers' primary sources for their information about the planned disruptions of the inauguration came from “Health Ranger” Mike Adams, a longtime conspiracy theorist and onetime associated of Jones' Infowars. (In 2013, just before the second inauguration of Barack Obama, Adams warned antigovernment “Patriots” that the president would soon be issuing a “mass of kill orders” for them.)
“What I am hearing is that there is an actual planned coup attempt,” Jones told their audience in a video that was promoted by the Oath Keepers. They then conflated the Refuse Fascism protests with the long-announced “Women's March on Washington,” scheduled the day after the inauguration and expected to attract 200,000, saying that the “cover story” for the coup would be “the women's march, the labor union march, whatever it is.”
“What's really happening is that they are hoping to foment enough anger and amass enough people on that day that it flips over into a popular uprising and they literally flood into the capitol buildings – not just the Capitol building itself, but they try to take over, perhaps, the White House,” they said.
In addition to the heavy promotion of Adams' conspiracism at their website, the Oath Keepers' Facebook page editors chimed in, chastising some skeptics: “Some of those commenting apparently do not realize how serious this is,” referring them to the would-be disruptors' websites, adding: “These and other communist and anarchist groups are serious about disrupting the inauguration and the new administration.”
In their comments, a number of self-described Oath Keepers voiced their skepticism and concern. However, the majority of respondents were credulous.
“The meetings, planning, and recruiting for these groups are happening,” wrote one. “You seem to be denying the disruptions described on the groups' own websites. Are you waiting to hear about it on the mainstream media? IMHO [in my humble opinion], they are lying by omission and deliberately not reporting what doesn't fit their own agenda.”
Others actually were hoping for such an attempt: “It would be a slaughter. The people on the right have been preparing for this for generations. It would mean the literal extinction of liberals. If they are ever stupid enough to cause this they will be wiped out,” wrote another supporter.
“Wow! It looks like they're serious! It's a good thing Obama got all of those FEMA camps back up & in running order, we're going to need somewhere to put these crazy people once they're arrested,” wrote one.
Indeed, the possibility of incarcerating the protesters was foremost on Mike Adams' mind in their video rant. They referenced the FEMA concentration camps – one of the hoariest of the militia movement's conspiracy theories, positing that so-called New World Order globalists planned to begin rounding up conservatives, gun owners, and anyone who resisted their regime into camps operated under the rubric of the federal emergency-management agency -- as the object of leftists' evil desires.
And then they advocated precisely the same fate for this week's protesters, while vowing to protect the newly elected President Trump:
Vegemite was poised and ready to be back in Australian hands until a global cyberattack stopped the spread.
Bega Cheese and US-owned Mondelez International were due overnight to finalise a $460 million deal that would see the dairy giant take ownership of the iconic brand.
But in a statement to the stock market last night, Bega Cheese said the handover had been delayed “as a result of the outage of (the) Mondelez global IT network”.
Mondelez was revealed to be among a host of global companies caught up in a cyberattack linked to the Petya virus that hit Europe earlier this week before spreading worldwide.
Production at the Spanish food company's Cadbury factory halted in Hobart when computers stopped on Wednesday evening.
It is unclear as to why the virus has prevented the transaction from being finalised overnight.
“Bega Cheese and Mondelez IT teams are working together to ensure that the delay is minimised,” the statement read.
The deal, struck in January, will see Bega Cheese buying the quintessential Aussie foodstuff and a basket of other well-known grocery brands.
Bega Cheese and US-owned Mondelez International were to finalise a deal that would see the dairy giant take ownership of the Vegemite brand. (AAP) (AAP)
The deal was struck earlier this year. (AAP) (AAP)
“It is a big day for a boy from Bega to acquire a brand like Vegemite,” Bega chairperson Barry Irvin said in January.
Mr Irvin said sales of the yeast spread had increased incrementally last year, only after softening sales of recent years as the breakfast habits - particularly of younger people - changed.
Bega's other new brands will include ZoOSh salad dressings, beef extract Bonox, and other products that use the Kraft brand under license.
Mr Irvin said dairy processing will remain Bega's core business, with acquisitions set to inject confidence into the company's suppliers.
Bega expects the newly acquired business will generate between $40 million and $45 million in earnings in its first full year of operation, and to increase earnings per share.
Bega gets the Mondelez manufacturing site at Port Melbourne, which employs 200 people, all of whom will be retained at least until the new business is integrated.
With AAP.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
An engineering student at Saint Louis University prompted a campus-wide lockdown and a hunt for a possible shooting suspect on Wednesday after their class assignment to build a toy gun was mistaken for a real weapon.
The private university in Missouri issued a shelter in place order Wednesday afternoon after a witness reported seeing someone in a black hoodie go into a dorm with what looked like a gun, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports.
After questioning two students, police and university officials tracked the source of the scare to a toy gun. SLU spokesperson Jeff Fowler says the first student questioned was the individual who witness the supposed gun which led police to interviewing the second student who showed police to their dorm where the toy gun was.
As a part of the Aerospace and Mechanical "Engineering Manufacturing Procedures" class, students had been assigned to build a toy rubber band gun.
The university issued a statement asking all of the students to bring the toy guns in closed containers to a university office Thursday, where they will be destroyed.
"This is the first time toy guns have been made in this class, and it will be the last," the university said.
Fowler applauded those that called in response to reports of a potential gunman on campus.
"You can never take incident like this lightly," they said. "It is much, much better to be safe than to be sorry."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
In 2001, Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II used the occasion of the annual “Queen's Speech” to unveil a new statutory proposal to regulate all media operating in their realm, one provision of which was the creation of the “Office of Communications” (Ofcom) to monitor and punish television outlets which exhibit “bias.” In 2008, the BBC heralded the Queen's Speech as “one of the high points of the parliamentary calendar, unrivalled in its spectacle and tradition,” as the monarch “delivers the speech from the grand throne in the House of Lords.” The press monitor's Twitter account boasts: “We keep an eye on the UK's telecoms, television, radio and postal industries to make sure they're doing the best for all of us.”
Ofcom has rarely punished establishment British media outlets for “bias” even though the British media is notoriously and slavishly loyal to the state and other British political and financial elites. Just last week, Guardian editor Seumus Milne noted: “as one academic study after another has demonstrated . . . . from the coverage of wars to economics, [the BBC] has a pro-government, elite and corporate anchor. The BBC is full of Conservatives and former New Labour apparatchiks with almost identical views about politics, business and the world.” Indeed, of all the countless media outlets around the world covering NSA reporting over the last 18 months, the BBC has easily been the worst: the most overtly biased in favor of mass surveillance and official claims. Ofcom's authority over BBC is limited, but plenty of British media outlets — certainly most of its largest ones — are driven by these same biases.
During my first week writing at the Guardian, a long-time observer (and one-time member) of the British media warned me about the extreme group think bias of U.K. journalists, and I quoted that warning in the context of describing their extreme and deeply personal animus toward WikiLeaks: “Nothing delights British former lefties more than an opportunity to defend power while pretending it is a brave stance in defence of a left liberal principle.” Needless to say, none of that extreme, power-serving media bias — including the avalanche of deceit and lies much of the British media peddled to sell Tony Blair's invasion of Iraq — has ever provoked any punishment from Ofcom.
By rather stark contrast, Ofcom has repeatedly threatened the Russian-state television outlet RT with revocation of its license. Last November, that outlet launched a British-specific, London-based version of its network, but previously had been broadcasting its standard English-speaking programming in the U.K. At the time of its launch, the Guardian noted that RT “is facing six separate investigations by media regulator Ofcom.”
That investigative history included a finding last fall whereby the network was “threatened with statutory sanctions by [] Ofcom after the Kremlin-backed news channel breached broadcasting regulations on impartiality with its coverage of the Ukraine crisis.” RT executives were “summoned to a meeting with Ofcom after it was found guilty of breaching the code governing UK broadcasters” and told they could face revocation of their license if these breaches of “impartiality rules” continued.
Today, Ofcom announced a new “bias” investigation into RT. The offense this time, according to the Guardian, is the broadcasting of “anti-western comments in a late-night discussion on Ukraine.” Specifically, “the programme is understood to have featured a number of anti-Western views in the discussion between the presenter and three studio guests.”
Unfortunately, RT told the Intercept this morning that it was barred by Ofcom regulations even from commenting on this new investigation. Not only are they being threatened for the crime of airing “anti-western views,” but they are prohibited by law from publicly discussing these threats.
That RT is “biased” is true as far as it goes, but it doesn't go very far at all. It is expressly funded by the Russian government to present a Russian viewpoint of the world. But all media outlets composed of and run by human beings are “biased,” and that certainly includes the leading British outlets, which rail against Russia (and every other perceived adversary of the West) at least as much as RT defends it.
All of these underscores the propagandistic purpose of touting “media objectivity” versus “bias.” The former simply does not exist. Revealingly, it is British journalists themselves who are most vocal in demanding that Them Majesty's Government bar RT from broadcasting on “bias” grounds: fathom how authoritarian a society must be if it gets its journalists to play the leading role in demanding that the state ban (or imprison) journalists it dislikes. So notably, the most vocal among the anti-RT crowd on the ground that it spreads lies and propaganda — such as Nick Cohen and Oliver Kamm — were also the most aggressive peddlers of the pro-U.K.-government conspiracy theories and lies that led to the Iraq War.
That people like this, with their histories of pro-government propaganda, are the ones demanding punishment of RT for “bias” tells you all you need to know about what is really at play here. What's really driving this is illustrated by the edict issued today by one of the High Priests of U.S. Foreign Policy, Brookings President and former Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott:
This is about nothing more than ensuring that Western citizens are not exposed to the side of The Enemy. Notably, Ofcom previously revoked the license of PressTV, the state-run television agency of Iran, after first fining it £100,000 for an interview with an imprisoned journalist which was said to be coerced. Western countries love to depict citizens of their long list of adversaries as being propagandized — whether it be China, Iran, Russia, North Korea, ISIS, Al Qaeda, Syria, Venezuela, Ecuador, etc. etc. — even as they themselves work in all sorts of ways to ban their own citizens from exposure to those adversaries' views, such as when a U.S. court imprisoned a Muslim American for years for the “crime” of including a Hezbollah channel in the cable TV package they sold in Brooklyn (of course, these purported concerns about propaganda and a free press magically and tellingly disappear when the suppression is done by regimes compliant with the U.S. and its allies).
Purporting to compel media “objectivity” is always about imposing a very specific and subjective agenda masquerading as impartiality. The chair of Ofcom is Colette Bowe, who was previously the chief information officer at the Department of Trade and Industry as well as a board member of Morgan Stanley and Electra Private Equity.  They are also “a former executive chairperson of Fleming Fund Management, chief executive of the Personal Investment Authority, and a director of the Securities and Investment Board.” Does anyone believe their concept of “objectivity” and “impartiality” will be anything other than the prevailing conventional wisdom and orthodoxies of the British elite?
The U.K. Government loves to lecture the world about infringements of liberty generally and press freedom specifically. It does so as it threatens to revoke the broadcasting license of a media outlet for broadcasting “anti-western” views and other perspectives at odds with the U.K. Government, all while shielding (and venerating) the equally virulent biases from pro-state television in the U.K. That is the classic hallmark of how a government propagandizes its citizens: ensuring that they hear only those views of which the government approves and which serve its interests and agenda.
Photo: Shutterstock
Papua New Guinea not told of Australia's plans to open diplomatic post in Bougainville, DFAT head says
Updated
Australia's chief diplomat has admitted the Papua New Guinean government was not told of Australia's plans to open a diplomatic post in Bougainville, despite the Foreign Minister insisting discussions had been ongoing.
Last month, PNG prime minister Peter O'Neill said they were "shocked" by an announcement in the budget that Australia was building a new diplomatic mission in the autonomous region's capital, Buka.
Mr O'Neill said there was no consultation about the decision from the Abbott Government to build the new diplomatic post and that they learnt about it from media coverage of the budget.
Today in Senate estimates, Department of Foreign Affairs head Peter Varghese admitted the PNG government had not been consulted.
"Regrettably there was a miscommunication on this. It was our intention, certainly the Foreign Minister's intention that advice of our interest in opening or expanding our presence in Buka should've been conveyed to the government of Papua New Guinea in advance of the budget," Mr Varghese said.
"Unfortunately, a combination of the general proprieties of observing the secrecy of budget decisions, together with the difficulty in reaching senior levels of the PNG government in the days before the budget prevented that from happening in the way that we would've liked it to happen.
"Consequently, I think the foreign minister and prime minister of Papua New Guinea had not been briefed on it, and that is very regrettable and we have subsequently been in discussions with the government and government officials about how we can take our interests forward."
At the time, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop denied Mr O'Neill's allegation, saying they had discussed the proposal during a visit to PNG in December 2014.
Earlier this week Papua New Guinea lifted its ban on Australians travelling to Bougainville, put in place as a protest to Australia's plan.
Topics: foreign-affairs, government-and-politics, bishop-julie, federal-government, bougainville, australia, papua-new-guinea
First posted
Image copyright PA Image caption Scotland's health secretary said staff should be able to "speak up without fear"
The Scottish government is introducing a series of measures to make it easier for NHS whistleblowers to come forward.
An independent national officer will be appointed to review how cases of whistleblowing are handled in the NHS in Scotland.
And "whistleblowing champions" will be employed in each health board.
Scotland's Health Secretary Shona Robison wanted all NHS staff to "have the confidence to speak up without fear" about patient safety.
The new measures follow the publication of a report for the UK government - entitled Freedom to Speak Up - on the treatment and experiences of whistleblowers.
In their report, Sir Robert Francis warned that staff too often faced "bullying and being isolated" when they tried to speak out.
In light of those findings, which were published at the beginning of this year, UK ministers said NHS trusts in England would have to appoint a national officer and guardians to help whistleblowers.
COMMENT
By former NHS whistleblower Rab Wilson
"Myself and other very brave individuals have long campaigned for these changes.
"I am delighted that it is happening - but sad that it has taken so long for this to be realised, and for so many honest whistleblowers who have had their lives and careers completely ruined, this is a decision that has come very late in the day.
"But there are questions.
"Will there be a retrospective investigation of the handling of historic whistleblowing cases in Scotland (there are a relatively few number of these cases) and will the whistleblowers be compensated for their dreadful treatment and cost of fighting their cases?
"Who will fill this role [an independent national officer]? I assume that contenders have already been considered? It would need to be someone like a very senior ex-member of the judiciary.
"Also, who will be the non-executive 'whistleblowing' champions introduced in each NHS Scotland board? Well, surely these roles should be filled by whistleblowers themselves - if they wish to apply. They would be the first and obvious choice to fill these roles.
"I will be writing to Shona Robison today to apply for this role at NHS Ayrshire and Arran - who very recently turned me down for a non-executive seat on their board.
"There needs to be a 'national award' created for whistleblowers - this is something to celebrate and be proud of."
The Scottish government said its independent national officer would provide "an independent and external level of review" on the handling of whistleblowing cases dealt with by NHS Scotland.
The whistleblowing champions would help ensure that procedures within boards were working well to support staff in raising any concerns.
Ms Robison said: "It is very important that NHS workers feel they can raise any concerns they may have about patient safety and malpractice, because it helps to improve our health service.
"I am confident that NHS Scotland has robust whistleblowing procedures in place but I want to go further and embed an honest and open reporting culture, where all staff has the confidence to speak up without fear, and with the knowledge that any genuine concern will be treated seriously and investigated properly."
Kill La Kill Group Sublimation Girls T-Shirt is rated 5.0 out of 5 by 6 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by inukagvamp from love the graphic picture on it I brought this t shirt a couple weeks ago. I love how it fits on me and the picture of kill la kill on it. It's one my favorite anime shows.
Rated 5 out of 5 by MamaJenni from Fits Nice! It's a form fitting shirt and it's super soft! I'm a curvy woman and I bought this in a size XL and it fits wonderfully!
Rated 5 out of 5 by gabby_candle from Kill La Kill Shirt I love this Anime and I couldn't resist! I needed to have it once I saw it. The material of the shirt and the image with all the colors are perfect
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jimmeh from Yay for Kill La Kill Great design! I wish there were more Kill La Kill shirts for guys though
Depression sucks. But what if there was an all-natural way to combat its side effects, and maybe a way to even prevent it from happening in the first place? The results from a new study performed in the U.K. has added to the growing evidence that exercise really can fight depression—and even make you less likely to develop it in the first place.
So how does exercise affect one's brain?
According to Dr. Madhukar Trivedi, a professor of psychiatry at UT Southwestern Medical Center, “We don't know how exactly exercise helps, but that's not so strange in the world of depression. In fact, we don't really understand the exact mechanism involved in a lot of antidepressants.” However, it is noted that a lot of what we do know about exercise is derived from animal studies. Dr. Trivedi also notes that one potential cause that seems especially promising is related to neurogenesis, or the growth of new neurons in the brain.
According to this theory, new neurons are normally produced in a part of the brain called the hippocampus – this is necessary to maintain a person's proper mood control. However, studied of depressed individuals have shown that they tend to have smaller-sized hippocampi. Researchers think it might be because they're not producing enough new neurons. The good news is that, according to a 2006 review in the Journal of Psychiatry and Neuroscience, exercise is thought to provoke the production of new neurons by expanding the levels of different endorphins – this is what is believed to help diminish depressive symptoms.
Great! If exercise is like a prescription, then what's my dosage?
A 2013 study performed by Dr. Trivedi reveals that you should set aside three to five times a week for aerobic exercise, and make sure you're sweating for about 45 to 60 minutes a session – keeping your heart rate between 50-85% of its maximum rate. If you're not so much of a runner and more of a weight lifter, shooting for three sets of eight reps, at a weight that's 80 percent of your 1 rep max is the goal to aim for.
Advertisements
It's a familiar sinking feeling. What if the easy app you use all the time is leaving you vulnerable to a digital attack? Even worse, what if the features that make it easy to use are the same ones that make it vulnerable?
That's the case made in a Slate piece by Alison Griswold yesterday, taking Venmo to task for lax security practices. Griswold followed a user whose account had been compromised and drained of close to $3000. The subject didn't find out until a full day later, thanks to disabled notifications. It's unclear how the attacker got in, but the company does not support the two-factor protections that might have kept them out. (Venmo's parent company PayPal offers both two-factor authentication and mandatory notifications for every transaction and password reset.) The subject eventually got a refund from Chase, but deactivated their Venmo account shortly after. Reactions to the piece on Twitter show many users are responding to the story by doing the same.
What if the features that make it easy to use are the same ones that make it vulnerable?
Venmo is still weighing how it handles these incidents in the wake of the new publicity, but CEO Bill Ready says the company often prefers to address fraud without alerting the user, for simple experience reasons. "I think there are some valid points around how we can communicate more effectively on a couple of those issues," they told me, "but in many of these cases, we want to handle it seamlessly so we're working behind the scenes." That sort of behind-the-scenes fraud monitoring is common in the credit card industry, but for Griswold's subject, who had just 48 hours to report the compromise in order to secure a refund, that notification policy starts to look much worse. Even if Venmo was tracing fraud behind the scenes, the subject had no clear idea of what protections were in place. Even worse, they waited for days for an official Venmo response, suggesting a real breakdown in customer service.
"We want to handle it seamlessly."
But while Venmo has a lot of work to do on customer service, the app's security is better than Griswold suggests. There's nothing in the piece that indicates Venmo accounts are particularly easy to hack, or that Griswold's subject fell victim to any attacks that wouldn't work on conventional banking apps. There's also no evidence that Venmo has any issues in its handling of routing numbers. After the account is compromised, Chase recommends an entire new bank account, suggesting the account is unrecoverable, but the system isn't as bad as it sounds. Venmo never makes routing or account numbers visible to a user — the information stays encrypted on company servers and is only used on the back end — so there's no reason to believe a compromised Venmo account would compromise a linked bank account.
The biggest security criticism is that Venmo doesn't support two-factor authentication, in part because of its mobile-first approach. But Venmo's hardly alone in missing out on the feature: Citibank, Capital One, and Wells Fargo don't offer it either. They should — they all should! — but it's hard to call it a unique vulnerability. And if Venmo users do want extra protection, the company offers an ATM-style PIN feature, which asks you for a persistent four digits every time you log in.
But maybe tapping in an extra four digits ruins the fun. This is the real meat of Griswold's criticism, and it's harder to shake. Venmo prides itself on seamless transactions — one tap and you're done — and users have gotten used to that convenience. (This may also be why the PIN settings are buried in the settings menu and aren't mentioned in the sign-up process.) It's been an extremely effective tactic: according to Ready, the company handled $900 million last quarter, inching up on a billion. For users and executives alike, extra security measures may start to feel like rain on an unusually successful parade.
It's too early to say how the company will react to the security concerns, but the message seems to have gotten through. "I think there's some valid feedback," Ready says, "and we're going to take a look at it." It's a difficult balancing act, but it may be time for the company to turn the corner toward something less convenient but more secure. Convenience is no good if people don't trust it, and after the latest criticism, users might welcome a few extra login steps.
Editor's Note: The following report is excerpted from Joseph Farah's G2 Bulletin, the premium online newsletter published by the founder of WND. Subscriptions are $99 a year or, for monthly trials, just $9.95 per month for credit card users, and provide instant access for the complete reports.
Suicide bomber Iat Alacharas, 18
LONDON – Agents for Britain's MI5 intelligence service have discovered that Muslim doctors trained at some of Britain's leading teaching hospitals have returned to their own countries to fit surgical implants filled with explosives, according to a report from Joseph Farah's G2 Bulletin.
Women suicide bombers recruited by al-Qaida are known to have had the explosives inserted in their breasts under techniques similar to breast enhancing surgery. The lethal explosives – usually PETN (pentaerythritol Tetrabitrate) – are inserted during the operation inside the plastic shapes. The breast is then sewn up.
Similar surgery has been performed on male suicide bombers. In their cases, the explosives are inserted in the appendix area or in a buttock. Both are parts of the body that diabetics use to inject themselves with their prescribed drugs.
The discovery of these methods was made after the London-educated Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab came close to blowing up an airliner on Christmas Day with explosives they had stuffed inside theirs underpants.
Keep in touch with the most important breaking news stories about critical developments around the globe with Joseph Farah's G2 Bulletin, the premium, online intelligence news source edited and published by the founder of WND.
Hours after they had failed, GCHQ – Britain's worldwide eavesdropping “spy in the sky” agency – began to pick up “chatter” emanating from Pakistan and Yemen that alerted MI5 to the creation of the lethal implants.
A hand-picked team was appointed by Jonathan Evans, the head of MI5, to investigate the threat. They described it as “one that can circumvent our defense.”
Top surgeons who work in the National Health Service confirmed the feasibility of the explosive implants.
In a report to Evans, one said:
“Properly inserted the implant would be virtually impossible to detect by the usual airport scanning machines. You would need to subject a suspect to a sophisticated X-ray. Given that the explosive would be inserted in a sealed plastic sachet, and would be a small amount, would make it all the more impossible to spot it with the usual body scanner.”
Explosive experts at Britain's Porton Down biological and chemical warfare research center told MI5 that a sachet containing as little as five ounces of PETN when activated would blow “a considerable hole” in an airline's skin which would guarantee it would crash.
For the complete report and full immediate access to Joseph Farah's G2 Bulletin, subscribe now.
Two American teachers were arrested on Saturday 17 January following claims they had sex with their students on a beach and will appear in court.
Melody Lippert, 38, met up with a group of male students from South Hills High School at a beach in San Clemente in November last year.
Police said they gave the group alcohol and then engaged in a sexual act with one of the students, according to deputies.
They then allegedly arranged to meet up with the students for a second time at the same beach, bringing along another teacher, Michelle Ghirelli, 30, where they had sex with two students.
The West Covina Police Department alerted deputies at the Orange County Sheriff's Department about the encounters that took place in their jurisdiction, according to CBS.
Lippert was charged with conspiracy and contributing to the delinquency of a minor, while Ghirelli was charged with copulation and unlawful sex with a minor.
Meanwhile, South Hills High School's part-time girls' wrestling coach Anthony Vidales, 29, of Covina, a city in Los Angeles county, was arrested on Tuesday 13 January for allegedly having unlawful sex with a 17-year-old member of their team.
Met Office proof that global warming is still 'on pause' as climate summit confirms global temperature has stopped rising
The Mail on Sunday first revealed global temperature pause a year ago
IPCC report confirms no significant rise in global temperature since 1997
IPCC accused of sinking to 'hilarious level of incoherence'
But the IPCC insists 2016-2035 will be 0.3-0.7C hotter than 1986-2005
The global warming ‘pause' has now lasted for almost 17 years and shows no sign of ending – despite the unexplained failure of climate scientists' computer models to predict it.
The Mail on Sunday has also learnt that because 2013 has been relatively cool, it is very likely that by the end of this year, world average temperatures will have crashed below the ‘90 per cent probability' range projected by the models.
These also provide the main basis for the sweeping forecasts of a perilous, hotter world in a new report by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
The graph above covers the period June 1997 to July 2013. It was drawn using the official Met Office ‘HadCRUT4' monthly data for world average temperatures, and shows the lack of a warming trend.
It updates the chart The Mail on Sunday published a year ago, which first made the pause headline news and forced the IPCC to discuss it.
ICE EXPERTS' MILLION KM BLUNDER
America's official source of information on polar ice caps got its figure for a dramatic recovery in 2013 Arctic sea ice out by a million square kilometres – then quietly corrected its mistake without mentioning it. On September 4, the NASA-funded National Snow and Ice Data Centre (NSIDC), based at the University of Colorado, stated on its website that in August 2013 the Arctic ice cover recovered by a record 2.38 million sq km – 919,000 sq miles – from its 2012 low.
News of this figure was widely reported – including in this newspaper on September 8.
But on September 10, the NSIDC quietly changed it to 1.38 million sq km (533,000 sq miles) – and replaced the original document so the old figure no longer shows up on a main Google search. It can now only be found on an old ‘cached' page. Prompted by an inquiry from ‘green' blogger Bob Ward, the NSIDC's spokesperson Natasha Vizcarra said the mistake was a ‘typographical error', telling him: ‘There are no plans to make a statement on the change because it was not an error in the data.' While 2013 remains the sixth lowest Arctic sea ice year since 1979, forthcoming research suggests the long-term melting trend is partly cyclical, and may have begun a reversal.
A footnote in the new report also confirms there has been no statistically significant increase since 1997.
Last night independent climate scientist Nic Lewis – an accredited IPCC reviewer and co-author of peer-reviewed papers – pointed out that taking start years of 2001, 2002 or 2003 would suggest a cooling trend of 0.02-0.05C per decade, though this would not be statistically significant.
At a press conference to launch the report in Stockholm, the IPCC refused to say how long the pause would have to go on before casting doubt on the models, suggesting trends were only meaningful if they lasted 30 years. But some of the report's authors are less confident.
Piers Forster, Leeds University's Professor of Physical Climate Change, told The Mail on Sunday: ‘If it does get beyond 20 years, that would get very interesting.
'We would have to revisit the models. As it goes on, it would get more and more peculiar.'
They added: ‘We are right on the edge of the probability distribution now. We have to accept that if we are going to come up with projections, they have to be correct.'
Even this marks a big change from earlier statements by eminent climate scientists.
In 2009, Professor Phil Jones, head of the East Anglia University Climatic Research Unit, said in a leaked ‘Climategate' email: ‘Bottom line: the no upward trend has to continue for a total of 15 years before we get worried.'
However, not only does the report deny the importance of the pause, it makes a firm, short-term forecast that it is about to end – claiming that the period 2016-2035 will, on average, be 0.3-0.7C hotter than 1986-2005.
That, said Prof Judith Curry, head of climate science at the Georgia Institute of Technology, is a high-risk strategy: ‘The IPCC has thrown down the gauntlet.'
Should the pause continue, they said, ‘they are toast'.
They were critical about the report's statement that confidence humans had caused most of the warming of the 20th Century had increased from 90 per cent in the last IPCC report in 2007 to 95 per cent.
‘How they can justify this is beyond me.'
Other ‘lukewarmer' experts – scientists who do not ‘deny' the world has warmed, partly in response to humans, but do not expect imminent catastrophe – were equally scathing.
Prof Richard Lindzen, the Alfred P Sloan Professor of Meteorology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said the IPCC had ‘truly sunk to a level of hilarious incoherence. They are proclaiming increased confidence in their models as the discrepancies between their models and observations increase.'
They added: ‘It is quite amazing to see the contortions the IPCC has to go through in order to keep the international climate agenda going.'
Bjorn Lomborg, director of the Copenhagen Consensus Center, said that since 1980, climate models had on average overstated the extent of warming by between 79 and 159 per cent.
‘This does not mean that there is not some global warming, but it likely means that temperature rises will be lower than originally expected. That fact makes alarmist scenarios ever more implausible.'
They added: ‘The EU will pay $250 billion [£166 billion] for its current climate policies each and every year until the end of the century. For almost $20 trillion, temperatures will be reduced by a negligible 0.05C.'
In Stockholm, IPCC leaders described the models as ‘more and more remarkable', insisting that the pause has no significance.
But inquiries by this newspaper have established the report's final version, issued on Friday after four days and nights of intense negotiation between scientists and government officials from 130 countries, produced a radical shift away from the confidential ‘final draft' of June.
Insistent:IPCC leaders say their models are increasingly reliable. Pictured here, chairperson Rajendra Pachauri
This had admitted: ‘Models do not generally reproduce the observed reduction in surface warming trend… There is medium confidence that this difference between models and observations is to a substantial degree caused by unpredictable climate variability.'
Another possible factor was ‘too strong a response to increasing greenhouse gas'.
In the final version, this became: ‘The long-term climate model simulations show a trend in global-mean surface temperature from 1951 to 2012 that agrees with the observed trend… There are, however, differences between simulated and observed trends over periods as short as ten to 15 years.'
The final version also tried to minimise this coded acknowledgement of the pause by saying periods as short as 15 years were ‘very sensitive to the beginning and end dates'.
It said no conclusion should be drawn from the lack of warming since 1998 because this was one of the hottest years on record, while the models were ‘not expected to reproduce the timing of internal variability'.
Yet the pause has lasted since January 1997, not 1998, and 1997 was not a hot year.
Denied its request to appeal the city planning department's approval of a controversial development project at a hearing last month before the Atlanta Board of Zoning Adjustment, the Grant Park Neighborhood Association is heading to court.
GPNA and two residents, Danny Leonhardt and Susan Walens, filed an appeal in Fulton County Superior Court in Nov. 8 that seeks to reverse the planning department's approval of a special administrative permit application connected to the 800 Glenwood Place project at 800 Glenwood Ave.
Representatives for the city could not be immediately reached, Saturday.
The appellants argue the city's Office of Planning erred in granting the special administrative permit because it violates 11 of 15 guidelines as outlined in a particular section of the Atlanta Code of Ordinances, as well as the Atlanta BeltLine's Subarea 4 Master Plan.
To overrule the Planning Department's SAP approval, Grant Park and the two homeowners had to prove they were uniquely affected by the project — something the ZBA said they failed to do at last month's hearing.
As envisioned, Buckhead-based developer Jeffrey S. Fuqua wants to bring a mixed-use project to the 20-acre property which is currently owned by LaFarge North America, the concrete and asphalt concern.
Fuqua's plans for the property, which they have under contract to purchase, include building 197,590 square feet of retail and parking for 1,201 motor vehicles.
GPNA also is holding a City Wide 800 Glenwood Conversation at the Zoo Atlanta ARC Building Coca-Cola World Theater on Nov. 21 at 7 p.m.
Read our full coverage of the 800 Glenwood Place project at this link.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Iraqi-controlled checkpoints are accused of systematically harassing Kurdish drivers travelling to the capital city of Baghdad. Witnesses told Rudaw of incidents involving checkpoint security officers cursing and threatening vehicles carrying Kurdish passengers.
One driver from Erbil told Rudaw that they were refused entry to Baghdad since they were travelling from the Kurdish town of Duz, southeast of Kirkuk.
“They insulted us a lot and threatened to smash the windows of my car,” said the driver, who wished to remain unidentified. “They told us they were only doing what Kurdish checkpoints had already been doing against Arab visitors to the Kurdistan Region,” they added.
More than 50 vehicles with Kurdish drivers are now in Duz awaiting permission to enter Baghdad.
“Carrying passengers between Baghdad and Erbil is what we do for a living,” said one stranded driver in Duz. “What can we do while they keep insulting us,” they added.
Kurdish security checkpoints usually conduct overlong inspections of vehicles entering the Kurdistan Region from the rest of Iraq for fear of explosives and terror attacks. Arab visitors have in the past raised concern over alleged discrimination against them at the Kurdish checkpoints, accusing security staff of intentionally delaying Arab travellers. Authorities in Kurdistan have rejected the accusations and defended their inspections as preventive measures.
The Kurdistan Region has maintained a relatively good security record, even after the jihadist rampage across much of Iraq. Suicide bombings have been remarkably rare and no foreign national has been killed in any terror attack in Kurdistan since 2003.
Thousands of wealthy Arab families left war-torn Baghdad in the past few years and settled in major Kurdish cities with notably better security. The influx to Kurdistan of affluent Arab families, who often also purchase homes when they arrive, has helped push up real estate prices and add to public frustration.
By Staff
The UAE and Saudi Arabia have sent two warships laden with weapons for the Yemeni national army and resistance fighters in the Southwestern Taiz city to support an imminent offensive to eject the Iranian-back Houthis and their allies, a Saudi newspaper reported on Saturday.
The two warships are laden with weapons and ammunition and will soon arrive off the Yemen coast in the Southwest to deliver them to the resistance, the London-based Arabic language daily ‘Sharqalawsat' said.
“The two warship will be off the coast shortly…they are bringing weapons and ammunition to the resistance in Taiz to support the upcoming battle,” the paper said, quoting a resistance field commander identified as Abu Al Abbas.
The Saudi-led coalition has sent armored vehicles and other reinforcements into Taiz while its jets dropped weapons to the resistance last week as part of preparations for a final offensive to seize all Taiz and push the coup insurgents out.
The paper said Abu Al Abbas declined to give details of the latest weapons shipments for military and security reasons.
Cloud Arch sculpture 2014 vs 2017. "We have had to change the footings [of the arch] and as a result the design has also changed," they said. The remodelled arch is almost double the width of the original design and will soar 58 metres over George Street, spanning from the Queen Victoria Building across the intersection with Park Street, framing Town Hall. The most vociferous criticism came from Liberal councillor Christine Forster and independent councillor Angela Vithoulkas, who voted in support of the original Cloud Arch plans when it was first approved by council in 2014. Drawing a comparison with Goulburn's Big Merino and Coffs Harbour's Big Banana, Cr Forster slammed the Cloud Arch as a "big tapeworm".
An artist impression of the Cloud Arch art sculpture, which will be built by March 2019. Credit:City of Sydney "I'm not convinced Sydney's big tapeworm is going to drive quite the same visitation that Goulburn and Coffs Harbour have achieved with their investments," they said. "What we are talking about here is a giant cost blowout with no guarantee that it won't continue." Cr Vithoukas accused lord mayor Clover Moore of pursuing the project "at whatever cost" while failing to consider the small business owners and ratepayers. "I don't think any of them will be walking past this project and looking up in awe," Cr Vithoukas said.
Labor councillor Linda Scott also expressed reservations over the cost, but ultimately voted in favour of the Cloud Arch on the grounds the city centre needed "provocative public art." "As when Gough Whitlam so controversially invested in Blue Poles, there will be many who will say Cloud Arch is too expensive or that it's not the right decision for the future of our City," Cr Scott said in a statement following the meeting. "Now more than ever, our City's key public spaces need investment." Cr Scott's endorsement meant the lord mayor did not have to use their casting vote to ensure the artwork was approved. As members of public watched on in the chamber's gallery, council staff provided further details on the reasons for the cost blowout, citing additional expenses associated with the arch's redesign and a 43 per cent increase in world steel prices since December 2015.
According to council documents, the extra 83 tonnes of steel required to build the revised arch accounted for 39 per cent of the total cost increase. Erection costs had also increased as a direct consequence of the increased span, as well as costs associated with the complexity of accessing the site during light rail construction, the documents said. However, the council's figures were thoroughly questioned on Tuesday night. "This is not a matter of whether you believe in public art," Cr Kerryn Phelps said, but a matter of "fiscal responsibility." They said councillors now had the opportunity to "do the financially responsible thing" and "go back to the drawing board and ask is this the right project, the right piece of public art for this time, in this location, at this [cost] or a future cost."
Cr Philip Thalis, an architect and member of the Clover Moore independent team, praised the project for "embracing risk and controversy." Loading "It's not about dollars and cents. We're not being bean counters here," they said. "We're actually approaching this with imagination about our city and what it can become." A total of $1.4 million has already been spent on project, including $380,000 paid to the Japanese architect Junya Ishigami, who designed the Cloud Arch.
ATLANTA (AP) Georgia is looking for answers as it confronts a looming shortage of doctors.
Projections show the state will fall about 5,000 physicians short of needed levels by 2030.
The state will be under pressure to loosen its tight restrictions on nurse practitioners and physician assistants to meet demands for care. Such professionals can take some of the load off doctors by seeing patients.
But many doctors oppose changing the rules, which they say helps protect quality patient care. Some physicians have fought for years against state legislation aimed at giving nurse practitioners greater autonomy.
Georgia is currently ranked 41st nationally for its supply of doctors. Already, medical schools are preparing for the transition to a system where health care providers other than doctors play a more vital role in medicine.
Schools are training a range of professionals to employ a team-based approach to health care.
"We have to choose to do what I think the numbers demand," said Dr. Wright Caughman, Emory University's executive vice president for health affairs.
Georgia has some of the nation's most restrictive regulations for health professionals like physician assistants.
Unlike Georgia, some states allow nurse practitioners to order an MRI or prescribe a narcotic without a doctor's approval. Georgia also requires a formal written agreement with a doctor that spells out medical tasks a nurse practitioner can perform.
Other states, including Washington and Arizona, allow nurse practitioners to practice independently without a doctor's oversight.
How states choose to regulate nurse practitioners and other providers is going to be the critical difference in how states make sure their residents have care, said Tay Kopanos, director of health policy for state affairs at the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners.
"Unfortunately, a lot of states have not kept pace," Kopanos said. "Provisions put in place decades ago are really no longer protecting the public."
Many doctors in Georgia disagree. Dr. John Moore, an Atlanta obstetrician, said they fear patients won't see physicians as often if at all as professionals other than doctors fill in gaps created by the shortage.
"They are not trained as well as doctors and they're going to miss some stuff, and that's a scary thing to me," they said.
In Georgia, numbers of physician assistants and nurse practitioners have both jumped by nearly 40 percent in the past five years.
By some estimates, the nation will be short 90,000 doctors by 2020.
Image copyright PA Image caption The CMA will announce its banking competition conclusions on Friday
Markets watchdog the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) is set to recommend a full competition inquiry into banks, the BBC has learned.
BBC business editor Kamal Ahmed said any full-scale inquiry into the banking sector would include looking at current accounts and business lending.
The big four High Street banks, which provide 77% of current accounts, will be watching the CMA's decision closely.
They may ultimately be forced to divest businesses and allow new competitors.
Lloyds Banking Group, Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC are considered to be the big four high street banks.
A full-scale inquiry would take about 18 months to complete.
Changing industry
As well as their monopoly on current accounts, the big four also control some 85% of business lending.
The CMA was officially launched in April and is made up of the Office of Fair Trading and the old Monopolies and Mergers Commission.
The Office of Fair Trading said in March - before the CMA creation - that there was evidence, not necessarily conclusive, of a lack of competition in banking.
But the British Bankers' Association has argued that now is not the time to investigate competition in the banking sector, because the industry is undergoing some major changes.
These include the introduction of new technology, such as mobile banking, and rules to make switching accounts easier.
In addition there has also been the emergence of competitors such as Tesco, Virgin Money and TSB.
They will be joined by the Williams and Glyn brand, which will be split out of RBS.
Congratulations! If you're reading this then (in most leagues) you're in the fantasy playoffs! Now let's begin that Super Bowl run. There's a common saying “may the best team win”. I couldn't disagree more with this saying! “May MY team win”, or for you readers, "may YOUR team win” is more like it……unless you're one of my league competitors. And if I or you happen to be the best team, then this still qualifies. But, in the playoffs the standings are irrelevant, and regular season accomplishments do not matter. It's three weeks of win or go home, and whether you're a top seed or lower seeded playoff team, be confident. Those teams who are stacked really do have a chance to go home early. It's a small sample size, but in my 12 team league, the best team, the team who led the league in points during the regular season, has only gone on to win the Super Bowl twice out of 10 years. So if you don't think you're the best, then maybe that's a good thing!
Beating the best is the key to winning it all, and it is going to take some chutzpah. If you're going up against a team who is truly elite and is projected to beat you by 30+ points, it's going to be tough but it's not over by a longshot. If you know you'll be up against a big score, then I suggest trying to hit a home run with a high upside start even if the player has a low floor. If you're in this position, now is not the time to stick with your boring, low upside players (i.e. Reggie Wayne, Owen Daniels, Frank Gore) just because you've been starting them all year. It all comes down another saying, one I do like a lot, “no guts, no glory”. I've witnessed teams starting players like Billy Volek (former Titans QB), Ryan Moats (former Eagles RB), or Tim Tebow make deep playoff runs, demolishing teams who are better on paper. Hey, just look at what Ryan Fitzpatrick of all people was able to do last week. At this time of the year, anything goes.
If you're in the playoffs then most of your lineup should be set with the exception of maybe a flex spot and the always matchup dependent TE spot. However, there are players at every position that I believe can be the first step towards your 2014 Super Bowl ring. The below sleepers and busts will be a good source for week 14's home run hitters and those players to avoid in round 1 of the playoffs.
Without further ado, your week 14 Sleepers and Busts:
DISCLAIMER: A sleeper is not a must start and a bust is not a must bench, they are merely indications that a player will have a better or worse game this week than they normally do. It all really depends on your alternatives. I will give an example of a few players for whom I personally would start the sleeper over or bench the bust for. These players are simply there as an indication of how good or bad I think the sleepers/busts will perform so you have a comparison in mind when applying it to your actual lineup. For example if I am comparing a QB to a stud like Andrew Luck, I am not necessarily saying you need to start them over Luck (even if I would) but it will imply that I feel really good about him.
Sleeper QB:
· Teddy Bridgewater vs. New York Jets. If you're playing matchups at QB the best thing you can do this week is embrace your Teddy bear and hope for the best…your Teddy bear of course being Teddy Bridgewater. Bridgewater is getting more and more comfortable every week in Norv Turner's offense and Turner has finally decided (fortunately for Bridgewater and the Vikings offense as a whole) that Cordarelle Patterson should not be on the field. Explosive WR, Charles Johnson's emergence and Kyle Rudolph's return to the lineup have allowed Turner to run the offense they envisioned when they joined the staff and it's led to Bridgewater acquiring value as a matchup play. They have back to back 2 TD weeks and only 2 INTs in the last 5 weeks. The Jets are as good of a matchup play as you can get. Ranking 30th against the pass and having only picked off three passes this season, the Jets are a dream playoff matchup. They're going through the motions to finish the season and Rex Ryan knows he's not coming back. There is no motivation on the part of Gang Green to pull off a surprising performance on the road. Expect Bridgewater to continue to mature, and if the game stays close and Teddy gets to throw for four quarters, we could be looking at a career day and Bridgewater's first 3 TD game.
I'd Start Teddy Bridgewater over: Colin Kaepernick, Andy Dalton, Matt Ryan, Cam Newton, Mark Sanchez
Bust QB:
· Andy Dalton v. Pittsburgh. I totally understand that Pittsburgh is a great matchup and that their CBs are burnable. However, I don't trust that Andy Dalton and their 13/13 TD/INT ratio are capable of taking advantage. Their pro-bowl LT, Andre Smith, is out for the season and Dalton is fresh off a 176 yard 1 TD/3 INT dud against an awful Tampa Bay secondary. Dalton is as inconsistent as they come and he's thrown 0 TDs in 4 games this season while also throwing 1 TD in another 4 games. So 66.667% of the time he's thrown at most 1 passing TD. He's not exactly trending upward either with 2 TD/4INT in the last two weeks. The Andy Dalton name has some recognition and can make you feel warm and fuzzy when looking at the matchup, but you can easily do better than them as a fantasy starter.
I'd Start the following players over Andy Dalton: Ryan Tannehill, Eli Manning, Philip Rivers, Teddy Bridgewater
Sleeper RB:
· Trent Richardson at Cleveland. To be clear I like Boom Herron this week but I like Richardson slightly more. Richardson gets to go back to the city where all the running in place started, Cleveland. Seriously, it's a revenge game for Trent and if he'll ever put it into that next gear (first gear?), it will be this week. He's gone on the record saying he'll jump into the dog pound after they score, and the Colts if they can take an early lead will do what they can to get Richardson in the endzone. Colts head coach, Chuck Pagano remains adamant Richardson is the starter on this team and will continue to receive touches. Herron's explosiveness (and Richardson's lack thereof) keeps them in the rotation but he's had fumbling issues that keep Trent out there getting half the touches. Besides this being a revenge game, Cleveland sports a soft front 4, and while the defense focuses on containing Andrew Luck, they can be had in the running game. I don't see this as a high ceiling start but I can see this as a flex play with about 70 total yards and at least one TD.
I'd start Trent Richardson over: Jonathan Stewart, Frank Gore, Latavius Murray, Bishop Sankey
Bust RB:
· Frank Gore at Oakland. Frank Gore is coming to the end of a fine career and could very well find themselves in Canton one day. However, this season may be the beginning of the end. Gore has had 50 yards or fewer rushing in 5 out of the last 7 games and only 1 rushing TD in the last 10 games. They only have 9 catches on the season so he's no longer a factor in the receiving game. The matchup against Oakland is ideal, but Gore having a big game would mean that San Francisco would have to be able to move the ball on offense. The offensive line is vastly under-performing both in the pass game and run game. Nothing the 49ers have done the past three weeks has shown that they have the ability to move the ball. Last week was pathetic, but I'll give them a pass against Seattle. But scoring only 16 points and 17 points against two of the worst defenses in the league (NY Giants, Washington), is inexcusable. Oakland presents another supposed plus matchup, so Gore is ranked as a high RB2, but he's clearly past their prime, and I'm starting to believe that the 49ers do not have a solution to the mess they're experiencing on offense.
I'd start the following players over Frank Gore: Tre Mason, Ryan Mathews, Lamar Miller, Gio Bernard, Trent Richardson
Sleeper WR:
· Nate Washington v. New York Giants. This is for you guys in deep 3/4 WR leagues, and you'll thank me later. Nate Washington is about to have a BIG week and a BIG fantasy playoffs so grab him. Prior to this year Washington was a viable WR3 in all leagues. They were 2013s #35 WR in .5 PPR leagues having put up over 900 yards receiving. They have a 1000 yard season to their name and has 8 career 100 yard games including 3 just last season. This season Justin Hunter, a promising WR with freakish speed and size, was supposed to be the next big thing, so the Titans, a team that is not really in win now mode, gave Hunter all the reps, snaps, and looks they can handle. Hunter suffered a lacerated spleen in Week 13 after getting hit by a freight train named Daniel Manning. Hunter stayed in the game briefly but was ineffective. After the injury, Nate Washington started getting peppered with targets, racking up 9 in total along with 5 receptions, 61 yards, and a score. This was Washington's 2nd TD in the past 3 weeks, a stretch where he's had over 200 yards receiving. The Titans top WR threat, Kendall Wright, suffered a cracked bone in their wrist this week and could miss week 14, leading to even more targets for the savvy veteran. The Giants come to Tennessee, still brutal and banged up at every position on defense. Nate Washington will be able to outsmart the Giants porous defense and will have many targets, many catches, and at least one of their patented big plays. I recommend them as a #3 WR, the same place they ranked last year when they played a full complement of snaps. Their week 14-16 schedule is NYG, NYJ, @Jax. GET HIM NOW.
I'd Start Nate Washington over: Roddy White, Reggie Wayne, Keenan Allen, Marques Colston, Julian Edelman, Reuben Randle
Bust WR:
· Keenan Allen at New England. Next stop Revis Island. The Chargers have so many other weapons with Gates, Floyd, Royal, and then Mathews in the running game, so there is no way Mike McCoy's gameplan will be to overload Keenan Allen with targets. Revis has left their Tampa Bay days behind them and returned to their lockdown form in 2014. Stud WRs Jordy Nelson, Calvin Johnson and TY Hilton have combined for 9 catches for 125 yards and 1 TD the last 3 weeks against Revis! When ONE of those guys has a game like that nobody blinks an eye, but to lock down all three like that is something that cannot be ignored. Keenan Allen isn't even close to the player those guys are, so I'd expect them to do less than the 3 catch, 40 yard average that they were held to in the previous three weeks. Allen has been hot but they simply cannot be started this week in any/all formats.
I'd start the following players over Keenan Allen: Nate Washington, Charles Johnson, Stedman Bailey, Greg Jennings
Sleeper TE:
· Travis Kelce at Arizona. One team's strength against another team's weakness. Arizona has elite CB talent but cannot seem to stop TEs ranking 27th on the season against the position. Kansas City is still waiting to throw its first TD to a WR while their TE combination of Travis Kelce and Anthony Fasano have combined for a whopping eight TDs. I like this matchup a lot for Kelce. The Chiefs will do their best to run the ball with Jamaal Charles, but could very well struggle against the league's 6th ranked team in rushing yards against. They'll have to go to the air and it only makes sense that they use their TEs to do so. Not convinced? Take a look at this motley crew who has hit paydirt against the Cardinals: Jared Cook, Cooper Helfet, Daniel Fells, Levine Toilolo, and Julius Thomas. Outside of the elite TEs and Delanie Walker, I like Kelce the most this week at this position.
I'd start Travis Kelce over: Dwayne Allen, Coby Fleener, Greg Olsen, Jordan Reed
Bust TE:
· Dwayne Allen at Cleveland. Dwayne Allen is set to make their return to the lineup after missing the past two games with a sprained ankle. Prior to their departure they were squarely in the mid TE 1 conversation. However, I'd expect some rust in their first game back. In addition, Coby Fleener has been fantasy's #1 TE over the last three weeks. Fleener had a very ugly drop on a sure thing long TD last week but has otherwise been picking up large chunks of yardage through the air and getting into the endzone. Allen will clearly cut into Fleener's looks but I don't see the Colts forgetting about what Fleener has done the last few weeks. Furthermore, the Browns are on tap, a team who allowed a huge game to Jimmy Graham in week 2 but has since not allowed any TE to score more than 11.8 fantasy points in .5 PPR leagues. They've completely shut down many of the TE they've faced during this stretch and in 6 games have limited TEs to less than 6.4 points. Allen is a risky play returning from injury and perhaps sharing with Fleener and the matchup at Cleveland lacks the upside needed for a fantasy playoff start.
I'd Start the Following Players over Dwayne Allen: Travis Kelce, Jordan Reed, Kyle Rudolph, Larry Donnell
That'll do it for week 14. Do not leave any bullets in that holster. There's no reason to play it safe now. Go big or go home. May your run to the Super Bowl begin this Sunday. Good Luck!
View Brook Ward's Flickr page here
China is eyeing international cooperation on the internet of things as the IoT market has been rolling on with full force all over the world.
IoT is the interconnection of physical devices, be it a car or phone or an entire building, which allows information to be sensed and flow freely, controlled through a remote network.
The market size of China's IoT industry is expected to exceed 1.5 trillion yuan ($231.4 billion) in 2020, up from over 900 billion yuan in 2016, according to a forecast in the China Annual IoT Development Report (2016-2017).
"While IoT is developing at an unprecedented speed, not only in China but also across the world, a series of problems including lack of uniform standard, network safety and system integration have also appeared," said They Xuming, executive chairperson of the World Internet Of Things Convention.
The convention, established by the World Chinese Business Alliance and some international organizations, is aimed at pooling wisdom of talents on IoT to promote the establishment of a global IoT system.
"In a bid to promote sustainable development of IoT, IoT enterprises, standard research and development institutions are expected to shake hands to build universal standards," They added.
By now, the convention has cooperated with organizations from countries including the US, Russia and Germany to promote integration and upgrades to the world's IoT industry.
They also predicted at the convention the global IoT market is expected to exceed $30 trillion, with billions of connections by 2025.
The Harper government's Digital Privacy Act is being billed as “protection for Canadians when they surf the web and shop online,” but critics say it amounts to a wholesale threat to the privacy rights it ostensibly aims to enshrine.
Bill S-4, as the proposed legislation is officially known, would allow internet service providers to share subscriber information with any organization that is investigating a possible breach of contract, such as a copyright violation, or illegal activity, writes digital law professor Michael Geist.
Telecoms would be allowed to keep the sharing of data secret from the affected customers.
The bill could also remove court oversight of copyright lawsuits against Canadian consumers, potentially setting up the sort of “copyright trolling” seen in the U.S., in which music and movie rights holders often demand tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars from individual downloaders.
But under bill S-4, sharing subscriber data would not be limited to investigations of possible unauthorized downloading. It could be used in defamation cases, commercial disputes and consumer disputes, Geist writes -- virtually any time an organization wants to investigate something of a legal matter, they would be able to get subscriber data from telecoms.
Story continues below
Photo gallery Top 9 Countries For Unauthorized Music Downloads See Gallery Bill S-4, Tories' Digital Privacy Act, An Attack On Digital Privacy: Critics 1 / 9
Top 9 Countries For Unauthorized Music Downloads 1 / 9
The bill comes as the government seeks to pass another item of legislation, an “anti-cyberbullying bill” that critics say grants immunity to telecom companies that share subscriber data without a warrant.
Taken together, the two bills create a “stunning” framework that allows virtually any organization to collect data from telecom firms, while protecting the telecoms from accountability, Geist argues.
Digital law expert David Fraser, a partner at McInnes Cooper, told the National Post Bill S-4 could make it easier for copyright holders “to extort payments from users” because it would eliminate court oversight, in many cases, of copyright lawsuits.
For instance, in the recent case in whih Voltage Pictures targeted customers of TekSavvy over unauthorized downloads, an Ontario court allowed subscriber data to be given to Voltage, but placed restrictions on what Voltage can demand when it contacts alleged copyright infringers.
"If Bill S-4 were the law, the court might never become involved in the case," Geist writes. "Instead, Voltage could simply ask TekSavvy for the subscriber information, which could be legally disclosed (including details that go far beyond just name and address) without any court order and without informing their affected customer."
Industry Canada defended the bill in an email to iPolitics, saying that individuals will have the right to complain to the privacy commissioner if they feel their information is wrongly shared.
But Geist and others, such as David Christopher of the digital rights group OpenMedia, argue this logic is circular. Because the law allows telecoms to keep the sharing of data secret, affected subscribers won't know if their privacy has been violated, they say.
Geist notes there are some positive elements in the legislation, such as a regulation requiring companies to disclose security breaches that put people at risk of identity theft. Such rules are commonplace in other countries, and are “long overdue” in Canada, Geist writes.
http://penny-arcade.com/patv/episode/harassment
Edit 2: I just want to say guys. The point of this thread is the increasing trend of offensive language to EVERYONE. Not just my gender. Let's keep it focused please. I know everyone wants to focus on that instead of looking at the bigger picture, so that way they have a reason to not post on topic, but let's try to read more than the 3rd paragraph. Thank you in advance.
I think I'm just gonna leave this here.
Edit 4: I'd like to note that I am NOT the creator or part of the team that creates Extra Credits. I'm simply a big fan of their work .
Edit 5: Yay reds. Especially Fruitstrike! That took some ULTIMATE BRAVERY, but I think you pretty much won the internet if not the world.
430269
A salute and standing ovation for you, you deserve it!
Edit 6: About 850 upvotes and counting.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMCIkWcddwc&feature=related
Edit 7:
Quote: Tryndamere: Team PB&J FTW!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3ZAGBL6UBA&ob=av3e
Quote: DemothHymside: When you point out that their generic insult #91483 is factually incorrect because of your ***, you've made two big errors.
1). You pointed out you're a girl / woman, to which has no bearing on the insult. It's just a childish reactive insult with 0 thought. No point in breaking it down as though they're going to pick up on ANYTHING other than the fact you are a girl... And honestly, it just seems like some girls fish for an excuse to announce they are female.
2). Why respond at all? What meaninging insight can you bring to someone who is raging over a video game and hurling insults?
I have a few lady friends who do purposefully announce they are women if the other team is losing and being poor sports, because it just seems to.bruise the male ego to not only lose to a woman, but get trashed talked in the process. So unless you're pointing out the fact you have a vajay jay to increase the rectal ravaging from an already beligerent kid, there is no reason to say if you dangly bits or an axe wound.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMVMhrwWxfc&feature=relmfu
Quote: Futonlol: Started to watch but that voice.... Seriously you can't make videos without distorting your voice like that? SOOOO painful.
On topic : You bring attention to the fact that you're a woman... why? The size of my ***** literally never comes up... thus my gender never comes up, why does yours? You may not notice it but if people know you're a woman in game you're probably drawing attention to that. You should know better by now. It doesn't make how they behave right, but you brought it up and you're going to get attention for it.
Quote: underdevelopment: A girl should not have to hide their identity because it makes you uncomfortable to have to imagine that every gamer is not a Straight-White-Male like yourself.
Quote: Futonlol: Are you really that naive? No one's saying they should have to, i'm saying they should know better. Unless you just started online gaming yesterday you know how online gaming is. It's no mystery and you shouldn't act like it is. Grow up.
Quote: Mathuzalis: I got about 10 pages into this, and I have to say the amount of ignorance hurts, And everyone who is bashing on Tenshinmon is just proving them point. You're making the community as a whole look bad it doesn't matter if we have a few diamonds here or there in the community that stand out and look great if the community on the whole looks like **** it just feels like those diamonds are wasted.
Tenshinmon I want to thank you for having the courage or conviction to stand up and post this, the systems and restrictions in the video seem completely feasible to get done. I've shared this on my Clan's site and I hope the people there spread it around as well.
Thanks to you again for bringing this to the communities attention. Try to ignore the ragers and trolls they'll come here in their outrage and ignorance, but if this sees fruition it will greatly limit their freedom to do so.
Quote: Shiliski: I think the point that many of you seem to be missing is this:
If I point out the fact that I'm a guy, I get no **** for it.
If OP points out the fact that she's a girl, they get **** for it.
This is, by definition, gender inequality and in a very negative way. We don't make African Americans sit in the back of the bus anymore. We shouldn't be doing this ****, either.
Quote: Acrial: Only thing I muted was that annoying ****ing voice in that video. Grow some balls and stop being pussies. If anything here on the internet gets to you, you are so unprepared for life it's not even funny.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_NDWuTw6BY&feature=related
International Energy Agency says sudden drop in the global demand for oil 'nothing short of remarkable'
Updated
A sudden drop in the global demand for oil is "nothing short of remarkable" according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).
The Paris-based IEA says its global demand forecast has been "revised down sharply" in the past month as oil prices on futures markets continue to tumble.
"A pronounced slowdown in demand growth in the second quarter of 2014 and a weaker outlook for Europe and China underpin the downward revisions," the IEA found in its highly influential monthly Oil Market Report.
"Eurozone economic growth is petering out, while US petrochemical usage fell alongside pronounced declines in Japanese power sector demand."
Against the anaemic demand, supply has not softened.
"US production continues to surge, and OPEC output remains above the group's official 30 million barrels per day supply target," the report noted.
"Against this backdrop, it is not surprising that prices have been easing.
"Oil prices tumbled for a second consecutive month in August as rising exports from Libya and booming US production deepened the overhang in crude markets and overshadowed any lingering worries of potential output disruptions in Iraq, OPEC's second biggest producer."
Hedge funds bail out as prices fall
The abrupt change has hit speculators hard as large hedge funds reportedly slashed their long positions in major oil futures markets.
Long exposures collapsed from record highs in July as the turmoil in Iraq did not curb supply and push up prices as expected.
This week the price of Brent futures fell below $US100 per barrel for the first time in more than a year, while West Texas Intermediate crude is trading around $US91 per barrel.
Brent futures had been trading above $US115 per barrel in June, and last traded at $US97.80 per barrel.
The IEA, the OECD's key independent energy advisor, says it now expects oil demand to grow worldwide by 0.9 million barrels a day in 2014, a decrease of 65,000 barrels a day compared with last month's forecast.
It is an even sharper downward revision of 300,000 barrels a day forecast made in July.
The IEA has also significantly cut its 2015 global demand forecast in the past month.
Total oil deliveries are now forecast to average roughly 93.8 million barrels per day in 2015, approximately 165,000 barrels per day below the previous projection.
The IEA is particularly downbeat about Europe.
"Eurozone economies, already struggling with stagnation (ie. weak to falling economic growth coupled with high unemployment), are getting perilously close to deflation," it argued.
"The risk being that falling European prices trigger a deflationary spiral that causes further reductions in economic activity, as market participants delay investment/purchasing decisions, which in turn curb production and overall economic output."
Topics: oil-and-gas, economic-trends, european-union, australia
First posted
Interactive Drawings for Veterinary Anatomy
"Drawings" are the default selection; if you desire dissections, click on "Dissections". Next click on your selection of one or more menu items from "Species" , "Body Regions" and "Organ Systems". You will be presented with thumbnail images, each of which is linked to an interactive drawing or dissection. Javascript needs to be enabled in order to navigate tabs and to see thumbnail information.
Species : Body Regions : Organ Systems : Feline
Canine
Porcine
Caprine
Ovine
Bovine
Equine Head & Neck
Cranial Trunk
Caudal Trunk
Thoracic Limb
Pelvic Limb
Musculoskeletal
Digestive
Respiratory
Cardiovascular
Lymphatic
Peripheral Nervous
Autonomic Nervous
Endocrine
Urinary
Male Reproductive
Female Reproductive
Sensory Organs
Species : Body Regions : Feline
Canine
Porcine
Caprine
Ovine
Bovine
Equine Head & Neck
Cranial Trunk
Caudal Trunk
Thoracic Limb
Pelvic Limb
Dr. Adams has recently authored a series of interactive modules on both canine and equine anatomy. These are available at tabanat.com as HTML5 and Flash.
Since at least the end of the Obama administration, the White House's phone line for comments has not been in service.
WASHINGTON — Have a comment for President Trump?
Previously, citizens with a gripe or praise could pick up the phone. Not now.
Since at least the end of the Obama administration, the White House's phone line for comments has not been taking calls. It is unclear exactly when the line was closed, and it is equally unclear when it will be back.
Advertisement
“The comment line is currently closed, but your comment is important to the president and we urge you to send us a comment online,” a recording says. “Or send us a message through Facebook messenger.”
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The recording does not specify how to contact the administration on Facebook.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment, though a press assistant told the Los Angeles Times on Monday the comment line would return but did not specify a timetable.
“We're still learning how to work our computers,” press assistant Giovanna Coia said.
Since they have assumed office, Trump has emphasized connecting with and empowering the American people.
Advertisement
“Today's ceremony, however, has very special meaning,” they said in their inaugural address. “Because today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another, or from one party to another — but we are transferring power from Washington, D.C., and giving it back to you, the American people.”
But, some experts say the lack of a comment line is another example of diminishing accountability under the new administration.
“Right now, we're seeing a really sharp decrease in the government's accountability to the public,” said Robert Galbraith, a senior research analyst at the Public Accountability Initiative. “From the freeze of communications from crucial regulatory agencies to the public to the threat of kicking the press pool out of the White House itself, I think all of these things are a signal that the Trump administration is sending that they don't hold accountability to the American people.”
As the administration enacts a wide range of policy reforms in the first 100 days, there should be ample avenues for citizens to communicate with the White House, said Lisa Gilbert, the director of Public Citizen's Congress Watch division.
“In the pursuit of openness and transparency, there should be as many conduits as possible for the public to reach out directly, and this is one of those access points so we hope it's reopened as quickly as possible and they don't deprioritize it.”
Tyler Pager can be reached at tyler.pager@globe.com
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) on Monday called on John Kerry to resign after the U.S. secretary of state privately told important world leaders that Israel could become “an apartheid state” if it doesn't make peace with the Palestinians soon, as reported by The Daily Beast on Sunday.
In a floor speech, Cruz accused their former Senate colleague of displaying a “shocking lack of sensitivity to the incendiary and damaging nature of their rhetoric.”
“Mr. President, it is my belief that Secretary Kerry has thus proven themselves unsuitable for their position and that before any further harm is done to our alliance with Israel, they should offer President Obama their resignation and the President should accept it,” said Cruz, who was one of just 3 senators who voted against Kerry's confirmation to their post last year.
The conservative firebrand's remarks came on the same day that House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA), the only Jewish Republican in Congress, called on Kerry to apologize to Israelis and their government.
In a statement provided to TPM, State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki explained their remarks about Israel and the Mid-East peace process, which is a high priority for Kerry.
“Secretary Kerry, like Justice Minister Livni, and previous Israeli Prime Ministers Olmert and Barak, was reiterating why there's no such thing as a one state solution if you believe, as they do, in the principle of a Jewish State,” Psaki said. “He was talking about the kind of future Israel wants and the kind of future both Israelis and Palestinians would want to envision. The only way to have two nations and two peoples living side by side in peace and security is through a two state solution. And without a two state solution, the level of prosperity and security the Israeli and Palestinian people deserve isn't possible.”
London has become a cycling city – and Britain something of a cycling nation – by default. The recent surge in its popularity has been a grassroots phenomenon, prompted by overcrowded and expensive public transport, a large number of young, talented people on low wages and a wider recognition of its health and environmental benefits.
As demonstrated by the recent toll of cycling fatalities, the response from the authorities has been slow, inadequate and, in the case of the appalling Cycle Superhighway 2 in east London, counterproductive. There has been no sense of urgency about improving cyclists' safety. Transport for London's long-awaited freight strategy to reduce lorry journeys at peak times to avoid conflict with cyclists has not materialised, despite the fact that during the Olympics a very similar scheme was successfully deployed.
While cycling remains relatively safe, TfL's statistics show that every journey carries a 10% greater risk of resulting in a serious injury or death than in 2008. The Cycling Vision drawn up by Boris Johnson's cycling tsar, the journalist Andrew Gilligan, is commendable, but lacks both urgency and the coherent thread that would deliver safe cycling for all.
One of London's rival global cities, New York, is demonstrating what could be done immediately. The city's transport commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan, has embarked on a radical plan to improve the lot of pedestrians and cyclists. Times Square, for decades a permanent traffic jam, has been turned into a space so peaceful that the city authorities installed deckchairs in the summer; local businesses have boomed.
Crucially, it's not just Times Square – 50 spaces in suburban centres have been improved in the same way. All this has been done quickly and experimentally, allowing unsuccessful aspects to be reversed, using principally, as Ms Sadik-Khan put it, "paint and plastic" to reroute traffic and create usable spaces.
This is not, as they emphasise in a brilliant TED talk available online, just about cycling. Creating a city fit for cyclists also ensures it is a better place in which to live and work. The lesson from New York is that things can change and quickly. What is needed is a strong political vision and the boldness to implement it.
Take Seville, often reckoned too hot and cramped for cyclists, which has gone from 2,000 cycle trips per day to 72,000 in seven years, thanks to mayor Alfredo Sánchez Monteseirín's strategy of building cycle lanes, reducing road space for cars and launching a cycle hire scheme. That answers the naysayers who argue that London is not Amsterdam or its streets are too narrow.
Britain is dependent for its future on attracting bright young people, They are the ones most likely to hop on their bikes and consequently they make up a disproportionate number of these tragedies. They deserve the infrastructure to travel safely, arriving at their destination in one piece, rather than having their lives shattered by a 40-tonne truck or a double-decker bus – and we should recognise it is our duty to safeguard their futures in this way.
Christian Wolmar is a writer and broadcaster specialising in transport and is seeking the Labour nomination for the 2016 London mayoral election
There are more than a few arresting paragraphs in the New York State Department of Financial Services report on Deutsche Bank's “mirror trades,” which was published this morning. But this one jumped off the page:
Furthermore, a supervisor on the Moscow desk appears to have been paid a bribe or other undisclosed compensation to facilitate the schemes. The supervisor's close relative, who apparently had a background in historical art, and not finance, was also the apparent beneficial owner of two offshore companies, one each located in the British Virgin Islands and Cyprus (both high-risk jurisdictions for money laundering). In April and again in June 2015, one of the key counterparties involved in the mirror-trading scheme made payments totaling $250,000 to one of the companies owned by this close relative, allegedly pursuant to a "consulting agreement." Payments to one of these two companies, totaling approximately $3.8 million, were almost exclusively identified for the purported purpose of "financial consulting," and largely originated from two companies registered in Belize.
I spent several months investigating Deutsche Bank's mirror-trades scandal for this magazine. Although the new report doesn't say so, the supervisor in question appears to refer to an American banker named Tim Wiswell, who orchestrated the mirror-trades scheme, in which Russian clients clandestinely moved money offshore—turning rubles into dollars and circumventing anti-money-laundering controls—by buying and selling identical volumes of stock through related entities in Moscow and London. More than ten billion dollars was moved in this way, over nearly four years. Today, the Department of Financial Services, in New York, working in conjunction with the Financial Conduct Authority, in the U.K., detailed what it believes to be Deutsche Bank's failings in this matter, and took its pound of flesh—a settlement of six hundred and thirty million dollars in total—from the lender's haunch.
That sum is significant, and Deutsche Bank is still concussed from the seven billion dollars it agreed to pay, in December, for its role in selling risky mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis of 2008. But the new fine won't break the bank. On Tuesday, I spoke to a key institutional shareholder at Deutsche Bank who expressed their relief that the lender had dodged a larger penalty from the regulators. There was even a modest rally in the share price, which has since flattened. Deutsche Bank's chief administrative officer, Karl von Rohr, wrote to their staff about how this settlement was another step on the road to resolving the bank's “legacy” legal issues.
That sense of relief may be premature. There remains a Justice Department investigation into mirror trades. The language used by the D.F.S. should light a zealous fire under those at the F.B.I. and other agencies conducting that investigation. Tim Wiswell was the head of a Russian equities desk at Deutsche Bank's Moscow Branch—a desk that, like the rest of Deutsche Bank's Moscow division, was shuttered in the wake of the scandal. They spent many months after their dismissal from the bank in Bali, with their wife, Natalia, who appears to be the “close relative” of the report. The suggestions of bribery in the report are particularly interesting. I was told that Russian clients of mirror trades—professional money launderers—sometimes paid Wiswell in their wife's offshore account and sometimes delivered payment in Moscow, in cash, in a bag. The idea, one such operative in Russia said, was to “hook” Wiswell, so that they would not do “unexpected things.” The D.F.S. now has quantified the amounts placed into offshore accounts; that will no doubt intrigue criminal investigators.
The bribery allegations may be the most explosive detail of the consent order. The bigger picture is more shocking. Mirror trades were used to ship billions out of Russia. They were used because they bypassed currency, anti-money-laundering, and, possibly, tax controls. Representatives of Deutsche Bank have said that they've never uncovered the “actual purpose” of mirror trades. I like to imagine a look of lamb-like bafflement on the face of the lawyer who related this position to the New York regulator. In any event, the D.F.S. report makes short work of this faux naïveté. The transactions, the report says, “lack obvious economic purpose and could be used to facilitate money laundering or other illicit conduct.” As such, “they are highly suggestive of financial crime.”
It's not the job of the Department of Financial Services to criminally prosecute individuals or corporate entities, and the language of the D.F.S. stops short of calling this business what it is. But the story it tells is damning: a scheme existed with no economic logic other than to facilitate capital flight from Russia; the users of that scheme moved their money in a clandestine fashion; the key facilitator of that scheme, an American citizen, took bribes from clients to keep the gravy flowing. This chain of events isn't “highly suggestive of financial crime”; rather, it's something more straightforward and concerning, particularly when one considers that some of the ultimate clients of the scheme, as it was reported to me, were Chechens with connections to the Kremlin.
For all the power of these investigations, the reports compiled by the F.C.A. in London and the D.F.S. in New York leave some questions unanswered. For instance, there is no indication of how the regulators arrived at their conclusions. For seven months last year, I spoke to many people with intimate knowledge of mirror trades, including fourteen people who had worked for Deutsche Bank's Moscow branch. Since the article was published, in August, I have continued to ask these sources whether they have spoken to anybody from the F.C.A., the D.F.S., or other agencies. I checked again today. As far as I can ascertain, only one person with knowledge of how the trades worked day to day has been interviewed by the regulators—and the interview was not conducted in person. Most of the people who would know the most about mirror trades say they have never been approached by a regulator.
So where does the regulators' information come from? One must assume it is almost entirely gathered from the bank itself. The F.C.A. notes that Deutsche Bank has been “extremely cooperative,” but declined to tell me how its report was compiled, who was interviewed, or how much material had been provided to them by the subject of its investigation. Nobody from the D.F.S. wished to be quoted on this issue, but I understand that most of the material for the investigation came from trading receipts and electronic records of internal communications provided by Deutsche Bank. The obvious problem with that approach is that the most interesting conversations do not take place over e-mail or on a work phone.
The other, more significant question raised by the reports is this: Why has Deutsche Bank's management in London been given a pass by the Financial Conduct Authority? In its report, the F.C.A. bends over backward to exonerate Deutsche Bank London, saying, “There is no evidence that senior management at Deutsche Bank or any Deutsche Bank employee in the U.K. was aware of or involved in the suspicious trading, including the mirror trades.”
The F.C.A. must know that this sounds inconceivable. The facts are simple. Even if Moscow employees operated the scheme, half the mirror trades were booked in London. They appeared on the London balance sheet. At least two managers with direct control over the Moscow equities desk sat in London. Moreover, Moscow employees told me about conversations between London managers and the desk in Moscow specifically regarding this trading activity. The F.C.A. would know about those conversations if they had conducted more interviews with current and former employees of the bank. (For its part, the D.F.S. has been much tougher in its analysis; it admonishes senior management at Deutsche Bank for what amounts to their willful blindness in failing to arrest the scheme once it had begun.)
The final questions about Deutsche Bank's mirror trades relate to President Donald Trump and the future of the D.O.J. investigation. Last night, the acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, was fired because they advised Justice Department lawyers not to enforce Trump's executive order on immigration. A new acting Attorney General, more amenable to the will of the President, is in place. Businesses belonging to Donald Trump and their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, owe Deutsche Bank several hundred million dollars. Various government agencies have investigated Trump for their potentially compromising business relationships with Russia. Whatever their deals with Russian government or business interests, Trump has indicated he's considering an end to sanctions against Russia. In this environment, we should watch how aggressively the Department of Justice pursues allegations that an American citizen, working in Russia for a European bank, enriched themselves while spiriting billions of dollars of dubious provenance out of Russia—and their investigation into whom, at the bank, knew what they were doing.
For the last few months, Grant and I have been eating the same breakfast almost everyday. If I am making them a warm breakfast, Grant will eat almost anything without complaint since they aren't doing the work. This breakfast has just been hitting the spot for me since it is really filling, isn't bad for you, and has a little bit of a sweet taste to it. Below are my step-by-step directions for making French Toast Scramble.
Start off with a little bit of coconut oil in your skillet. I normally start the skillet heating to speed up the process since the goal is to get Grant out the door as fast as possible in the mornings so that they can be home as early as possible.
You can do this by hand,but for me it is easier to use my vitamix/blender. I put 2 bananas, 2 whole eggs, and 2-3 egg whites in the blender.
Then add in 2 teaspoons of vanilla extract and 1-2 teaspoons of cinnamon.
Blend it up.
Pour it into your preheated skillet.
Use a spatula to start cooking it like you would scramble eggs. Make sure to scrap the bottom regularly.
Right here, it is probably ready to eat, but I like to really make sure the egg portion is cooked,but I'm sure you don't have to cook it as long as I do.
I set up my topping ingredients while the last portions of the skillet portion is cooking so that I can get our breakfasts assembled as fast as possible.
I set out our bowls, Grant always takes theirs to go, and then start with a small dab of peanut butter.
This is normally how ours looks when it is done cooking.
I split it into two portions while in the pan.
Pour into your containers of choice.
Add honey if you want; we add local honey about 1 teaspoon a bowl since local honey can help with so many things from acne to allergies. I ate it for a few months without adding the honey because the bananas give it enough sweetness,but it is up to you.
We add a little bit more peanut butter so when stirring it is more evenly distributed.
We then add slivered almonds on top. You can add any berries that you want,but then it really starts tasting a lot sweeter, so if I do that, I normally leave out the honey.
French Toast Scramble (Recipe from Here)
Serving Size: 2 People
Ingredients:
2 Bananas
4 Whole eggs (Or 2 whole eggs and 2-3 egg whites worth of egg)
2 Teaspoons of cinnamon
2 Teaspoons of vanilla extract
Coconut Oil
Optional Toppings:
1 Teaspoon of Honey (optional)
Peanut Butter/Other Nut butters
Slivered Almonds
Blueberries
Instructions:
Mash the bananas and mix with the eggs/egg whites, cinnamon, and vanilla. Once that is mixed, cook in a skillet with oil of choice until the egg portion is cooked. Serve in a bowl topped with whatever toppings you prefer.
I hope you are having a wonderful week and staying safe from the tornadoes and storms. We had a few come close,but we were lucky enough to be able to sleep at a coworker's house just to be on the safe side.
Anyone who was a fan of the old ABC TV series “The Untouchables” or of the later series, also on ABC, called “The FBI,” would know something is terribly fishy about the FBI slaying of Ibragim Todashev.
According to the FBI, Todashev, 27, who was an acquaintance, or friend, of Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing, was shot and killed by an FBI agent who was interviewing the young man, at their home, at midnight, allegedly because Todashev had suddenly attacked him, causing the agent to feel threatened.
There are an astonishing number of conflicing versions of this official story, involving a variety of different weapons and multiple explanations for how it happened. These versions variously had Todashev threatening the agent with a sword, a knife, a chair, a pipe, a metal pole or even a broomstick. But one thing that stands out is that the agent in each version was alone with Todashev, who was suspected of having been an participant, with Tamerlan Tsarnaev, in an as yet unsolved September 11, 2011 slaying of three suspected young drug dealers in Waltham, Mass. at least one of whom was also a friend of the Tsarnaev brothers.
The critical word here is “alone.”
Watchers of those FBI TV programs know that FBI agents always work in pairs. This is not just Hollywood. It's FBI policy.
Indeed, when my father was informed back in 1969, by a colleague at the University of Connecticut School of Engineering where they were a professor, that the FBI was investigating me for my anti-war activities, the colleague, an arch-conservative backer of the US war in Vietnam, said that “two FBI agents” had come to their office to inquire about my activities (he had been outraged that the agents had come to them and not to my father for information about their son!).
It was also a pair of FBI agents who came, unannounced, to my dorm room at Wesleyan University a year earlier, when a group of us students had been hiding my roommate's older brother, a Marine who had deserted from the service on a visit home from Vietnam whom we later helped escape to Canada and ultimately Sweden. In fact, so common were the visits by agents to anti-war activists that we on the left back in those days used to laugh that the FBI guys always looked like Jehovah's witnesses when they'd knock on your door on a visit, traveling in pairs and wearing their neatly pressed suits.
Jokes aside, though, there is a reason that FBI agents work in pairs. It's not that they can't handle themselves in a confrontation, though safety no doubt is part of it. It's that lying to a federal law enforcement agent is a felony — one that is very easy to prosecute and win conviction on and that has long proved useful for locking people up when conviction for a bigger crime might be difficult — but it is necessary to have a witness to make such a case. Two FBI agents means that there is always a witness to such lying — one that a jury will be inclined to believe.
So how did it come to pass that when Todashev made their alleged lunge — armed with knife, sword, chair, pipe, broomstick or whatever — at the FBI agent in question, that agent was alone in the apartment with him?
We're asked to believe that the other agent (two actually, as there were reportedly three of them involved in a five-hour interrogation at the house earlier that night), and several Massachusetts state cops who were also along in Orlando, Florida for the questioning of Todashev, had inexplicably just “left the room” for some reason. That's a lot of people all needing to relieve themselves at the same time!
This “explanation” for the creation of a situation allowing for a fatal two-man fight strains credulity to the breaking point. The FBI also claims that Todashev had already “confessed,” or was “about to confess” (whatever that means) to having been involved in the triple murder of the drug dealers, though that alleged confession (or pending confession) was, also incredibly, not recorded. Todashev was being questioned too, reportedly, about their links to the Tsarnaev brothers, and was thought to know about their alleged plans for marathon mayhem, so presumably keeping them alive to testify would have been very important to the pending federal case against the surviving younger brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
I would submit that it is simply not believable that such a suspect would not have been carefully guarded, carefully searched for weapons, and carefully secured in some fashion — most likely with handcuffs, before being questioned. I would also submit that there is no way that one lone agent would have been left alone with them under any circumstances, and not just for security reasons, but because Todashev was supposedly being interrogated, and there had to be a witness to their answers besides just the agent doing the questioning.
On TV, we do see agents or cops playing the old “good-cop-bad-cop” game with suspects, but that is always in a locked interrogation room, where the suspect has been searched for weapons already, and where reinforcements are just outside the door, ready to rush into the room should things get out of hand. Maybe this agent was the “bad cop” who was going to beat the crap out of Todashev while the other agents and cops were not there to call them off, you say? But if that was the case, they would either have had to be a very confident black belt to be alone confronting Todashev, who was known by the FBI to be a mixed martial arts expert, or they would have had their gun drawn. Furthermore, if beating up Tsarnaev, or torturing him, was the plan, they would have already cuffed them and locked them to a chair or table, since there was no advantage to be had by leaving them loose and free to counter-attack or defend himself.
The agent's response to being allegedly attacked by the apparently un-restrained and variously armed Todashev (the FBI is now admitting that the victim was unarmed throughout the incident), was to draw their gun and kill the suspect with seven shots, including one fired, execution-style, to the back of the head.
Todashev, who had already been questioned, had already told a friend earlier that they were worried that they were being “framed” by the FBI. Does that sound like someone who would have willingly testified to guilt in a brutal triple murder?
I don't know what happened at midnight in Orlando in Todashev's apartment, but it seems clear to me that what the FBI is saying happened, and what it is claiming Todashev told them, is not what it was. The ACLU seems to agree and is calling for an “outside investigation” of the FBI killing.
America under President and Drone Commander Barack Obama and a “Justice” Department headed by Eric Holder, is fast becoming a very dangerous place — one that has much more in common with the Colonies under British rule than the one that the Founders envisioned when they appended the Bill of Rights to the Constitution. Indeed, if, as it certainly appears, Todashev was executed by the FBI, it is a country that more closely resembles China or Nazi Germany than the free country we all were taught that we lived in.
BOSTON -- With an exercise band tied around their waist, Jaylen Brown grimaced, trying to sprint forward while All-Star forward Jimmy Butler provided as much resistance as they could. For a young rookie, these are the moments that matter as much as any regular season game: the mornings spent on a beach or in a gym, learning how the great ones grow.
In this case, Brown joined Butler in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, for a series of Labor Day weekend workouts, including one on the beach that involved exercise bands and medicine balls. The two spent a chunk of time together this summer because they share the same trainer, Chris Johnson, and fitness coach, Travelle Gaines. Instantly, Butler took a liking to Brown, joking that it was because of their "dumb hair."
"I think that's what it was," Butler said. "I was like, man, you're uglier than I am with that hair. So I've got to hang around uglier people to make me look cuter."
In a more serious moment, Butler told Bill Simmons before the draft that Brown "really does remind me of myself." Both players are listed at 6-foot-7, with thick, chiseled physiques and the ability to guard multiple positions. More importantly to Butler, Brown approaches basketball with a growth mindset.
"Just their competitive spirit, man," Butler said. "I love that. How he's always wanting to get better, he's always molding to learn. Like, he'll ask all the questions that they need to ask to get the answers that I have. And if I don't have it I'll ask somebody. He's just a true student of the game. I mean, obviously he's athletic and they can play and he's super smart. But he's going to be a hell of a player."
During the offseason, Johnson told Sports Illustrated they believe Brown could become "deadly" in the mid-post like Butler. We have already seen the Celtics feed the rookie on the low block, to great success so far. The Ringer's Kevin O'Connor put together a compilation of some of Brown's post scores:
Notably, Brown said they hardly ever touched the ball on the low block in college or high school.
"I think I've had (talent there) the whole time," they said. "I never got really a chance to use it besides like open gyms and things like that, or in a game if I go quickly maybe. But most of the time in high school or college, the court is a lot more compact and a lot less spaced. NBA has a lot more room to work with and guys can't really help because you've got people who can shoot the ball really well. So I think it can develop really well. I think I have a long way to go, but I watched a lot of film and put a lot of hours in on it. And I think I'll continue to get better at it."
When Brown wasn't competing against Butler in drills -- always wanting to go head-to-head against the two-time All-Star -- they peppered Butler with questions, trying to take in whatever they could. The Celtics rookie studied Butler's low-post footwork and body positioning, but took more from watching how Butler prepared for a day. Before waking up, Butler schedules everything: when they will eat, where they will eat, when they will recover, how they will recover, when they will work out, when they will have free time.
"I was trying to learn any and everything, to be honest. But what I took away the most was just their routine and their work ethic. I haven't seen anything like it," Brown told MassLive.com. "Everything is planned out. When they have bible study, like, Jimmy has everything planned out to a routine."
Before long, Brown started mimicking the process.
"I haven't quite gotten to that level yet," they said, smiling. Still, they use the same routine every morning, eating breakfast, hitting the gym, and listing a batch of daily goals to hammer out during the day.
"(Butler's guidance was) extremely valuable because I feel like it's not so much what you do on the floor," Brown said. "Because everybody shoots, everybody puts their work in. It's about the distractions off the floor: how focused can you be when it's time to lock in? So, just eliminating distractions, getting your sleep, eating right, things like that, they'll start to add up and help you with your game as well."
Brown's maturity has struck older teammates. Jae Crowder said they wish they could have been like the 20-year-old at that age. Avery Bradley, who also entered the NBA after one year of college, said Brown owns a more advanced mentality at that stage of their career.
With a laugh, Butler said Brown can be "too smart for their own good. "
"The way they just thinks they know everything," Butler smiled. "Whether it's basketball, whether it's politics, whether it's dominoes, card games, the kid is -- I think just because they went to Cal Berkeley (he thinks) he's Steve Jobs or something. I don't understand."
Steve Jobs or not, Butler said Brown is "confident because they work so incredibly hard."
"It is (uncommon for a young player to have Brown's maturity)," Butler said. "But I think they know where this game can take him. Like I said, he's incredibly smart. And he'll let you know that. ... But I think they have a great core group of guys. They have Jae (Crowder) who's incredible to learn from, Isaiah (Thomas), Avery (Bradley), and then of course Brad Stevens -- they're all teaching them the right way to go about being a rookie in this league. So as long as they follow those footsteps he'll be all right."
There's always that moment of total cognitive dissonance that happens when people who happen to live in the real world, and not that right-wing ideological bubble we sometime call Planet Bizarro, listen in on the conversation as conservative True Believers like Mitt Romney babble their Fox-brewed talking points among each other. That's the component that makes Mitt's revealed videos of their "47 percent" rant to fellow Republicans so special.
The dissonance is different for different people. For me, it lay in this: I pay federal taxes. Lots of them. I have every year of my adult life. Moreover, I have never taken a dime of government largesse and am not in any sense dependent on it. And I would never vote for Mitt Romney or the Republicans or their whole every-dog-for-himself philosophy. Nor am I alone. Like millions of other smart Americans, I want a strong and complete social safety net, because I'm smart enough to understand that making sure everyone is cared for appropriately makes the whole of society better for everyone, me included. I might add, for the privileged particularly -- even though they're too stupid and selfish to get that.
But that's only a small component of the bigger picture here, which is pretty stark when viewed in perspective, namely: The conservative worldview is increasingly built on a foundation of complete and utter falsehoods, laughably provable, and irredeemably vicious in nature.
The Foxheads and their right-wing enablers have now closed ranks to proclaim, once again, that "Romney was right!" Which is pretty funny, when you think about it: After all, it was clearly Romney regurgitating an oft-repeated Fox News falsehood, as Media Matters lays out in detail, that we saw on that video.
You can see the epistemological loop closing in on itself, so that they now are just talking among themselves on their own planet, believing only their own lies as a bizarre version of fabricated reality.
And it creates a quasi-eliminationist mentality among these True Believers. Romney and their fellow Republicans not only really believe that these people's views should be dismissed, but that their views should not count at all.
My favorite iteration came when Steve Doocy not only claimed that 47 percent of the American public pays no taxes at all, but suggested that this status might be reasonable cause for them to lose the right to vote.
I'm sure, however, that Doocy would make an exception for the 7,000 millionaires who paid no taxes at all.
The best part of all this, though, is that the whole "47 percent pay no taxes" meme is a lie. David Leonhardt at the New York Times demolished it two yeas ago:
The 47 percent number is not wrong. The stimulus programs of the last two years — the first one signed by President George W. Bush, the second and larger one by President Obama — have increased the number of households that receive enough of a tax credit to wipe out their federal income tax liability. But the modifiers here — federal and income — are important. Income taxes aren't the only kind of federal taxes that people pay. There are also payroll taxes and investment taxes, among others. And, of course, people pay state and local taxes, too. Even if the discussion is restricted to federal taxes (for which the statistics are better), a vast majority of households end up paying federal taxes. Congressional Budget Office data suggests that, at most, about 10 percent of all households pay no net federal taxes. The number 10 is obviously a lot smaller than 47.
Moreover, that doesn't even include the bigger picture, which includes a wide range of non-federal taxes:
State and local taxes, meanwhile, may actually be regressive. That is, middle-class and poor families may face higher tax rates than the wealthy. As Kim Rueben of the Tax Policy Center notes, state and local income taxes and property taxes are less progressive than federal taxes, while sales taxes end up being regressive. The typical family pays a lot of state and local taxes, too — almost half as much as in federal taxes. There is no question that the wealthy pay a higher overall tax rate than any other group. That is an American tradition. But there is also no question that their tax rates have fallen more than any other group's over the last three decades. The only reason they are paying more taxes than in the past is that their pretax incomes have risen so rapidly — which hardly seems a great rationale for a further tax cut.
As Annie Lowrey explained at the NYT recently:
The nonpartisan and highly respected Tax Policy Center derived the 47 percent number – it is actually 46 percent, as of 2011 – and published an excellent analysis of it last summer. It found that about half of the households that do not pay federal income tax do not pay it because they are simply too poor. The Tax Policy Center gives as an example a couple with two children earning less than $26,400 a year: The household would pay no federal income tax because its standard deduction and other exemptions would simply erase its liability. The other half, the Tax Policy Center found, consists of households taking advantage of tax credits and other provisions, mostly support for senior citizens and low-income working families. Put bluntly, these are not households shirking their tax liabilities. The pool consists mostly of the poor, of relatively low-income working families and of old people. The tax code is specifically designed to reduce the burden on them. Indeed, the recession and its aftermath have left tens of millions of workers out of a job or underemployed, removing more households from payment of federal income taxes. Moreover, the Bush tax cuts – the signature Republican economic policy of the 2000s, which doubled the child tax credit, increased a number of other deductions and exemptions, and lowered marginal tax rates – erased millions of families' federal income tax liabilities. It is also worth noting that though tens of millions of families do not pay federal income taxes, there are virtually no families that do not pay any taxes – between payroll taxes, sales taxes, state and local taxes, and on and on.
Perhaps even more amusing is that, if reality were known to Mitt Romney, then they would know that he's actually attacking their own base, since the states where 47 percent of the population pay no federal income taxes are deep red states, mostly in the South, and its Northwestern counterpart, Idaho:
But as Derek Thompson observed in delving these numbers deeper:
The 47% aren't lucky ducks cheating the system. They're mostly poor working families getting pilloried by the political party that wrote the rules they're following. If the 47% are the monster here, then Republicans helped play the role of Dr. Frankenstein. "Non-payers" have grown in the last 30 years because of marginal tax rate cuts and credits like the EITC passed under Republican presidents and continued by both parties in Congress.
And what's truly sad is that many of those people will actually be gulled into voting for Mitt Romney, because Fox News tells them he's on their side.
Film Editing Techniques 3 proven film editing techniques from Star Wars
Without a word of dialogue, we know exactly how each character feels. The editor takes what could have been over-explained in dialogue into fifteen seconds of movie magic.
2. Cut with passion Watch where you cut Editing film should always serve your characters and/or Wookies. An abrupt cut can make us feel a character's sudden realization, while a long take can give us intensity or a longing. When Luke finds out their father literally just cut off their hand, editors opt for long takes of Luke.
By not cutting away, editors make us feel the gravitas of Luke's world going up in flames. Where the character ends, film editing usually begins.
3. Pace your shots The power of timing Our eyes can register a lot in a little amount of time. Playing with shot length can give a scene it's very own climax.
When Luke tries to lift the flooded X-Wing with the power of the force, the film editors use the power of timing. As the music swells, the shots get quicker and quicker making us believe they can actually do it. But when Luke eventually fails, the shots get longer and longer, emphasizing the climax of the scene. You have to ask yourself: 30 frames vs. 30 Seconds. It's up to you to feel out how much your story.
This poor hysterical kossacks only evidence for their "DICTATORSHIP IN WATING," was they said that people needed to put pressure on the system to pass them agenda.
Stein was asked another question before exiting: if given so much power, how do you prevent the president from becoming a dictator? What actions of the presidency could go too far? Rather than answer, Stein offered a response that Bernie supporters and those who wanted “real Democracy” would need to put political pressure on the USSC in order to advance their goals. Stein offered this assessment: “Political pressure on the USSC led to gay marriage, abortion rights and more… we must also pressure the courts.” In other words: what we can't get through executive order, we'll get through public pressure on the courts.
And with that, Stein exited, answering no questions about how this future would function. As of this morning, July 20, it is unlikely that Jill Stein will make the ballot in any form in Kansas. With the Republican convention happening now, Stein's early July meeting stands out as the difference in vision of our political parties and vision of the future.
Today, we have two American parties now proposing virtual dictatorships. Whether it is right-leaning in Trump or left-leaning as Stein, there is really only one campaign in America right now that understands what a president actually can and can't do in the way of change. There is also only one campaign that seems to understand that minority voters are worthy of outreach and discussion
If you've ever played with soap bubbles, you'll have seen the complex flows that can occur on the liquid surfaces and the way that bubbles can deform, drip and even survive being punctured by small particles.
Today, Geoffroy Kirstetter and buddies at the Universite de Nice Sophia-Antipolis in France ask what happens when a jet of liquid hits a soapy film.
These guys used a bowl of washing up liquid to generate a soap film some 10cm across in a wire frame. They then pumped a stream of soapy water through a sub-millimetre nozzle to create a jet with a size and velocity they could vary. Finally, they fired the jet at the film at various different angles to see what happens.
It turns out that the film is surprisingly robust. “Regardless of its velocity, radius and incident angle, the jet never breaks the soap ﬁlm,” say Kirstetter and co.
But something else happens instead: the film bends the jet by an amount that depends on its angle of incidence. In effect, the film acts like a lens, and Kirstetter and co are able to derive a kind of Snell-like law to describe this kind of refraction.
They also observe two other phenomena. Beyond a certain angle the jet becomes trapped on the surface of the film and at the most extreme angles, it can bounce across the surface.
That may sound like little more than good fun, but it has an important potential application. A growing number of technologies depend on inkjet printing, things like publishing, 3D printing, and the manufacture of plastic electronics.
Until now, physicists have had very little control over the direction of a jet of fluid after it has been fired. “No reliable technique is available to guide a micro-jet inside a medium as simple as air,” say Kirstetter and co.
The new work could change that. It opens up an entirely new way to control the direction of microjets using soap films acting like liquid lenses.
Just how that might be applied is, of course, a question for the engineers, who will focus on the practicalities of the idea. A soap film in your printer? Stranger things have happened.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1203.0842: Jet impact on a soap ﬁlm
First, if you're wondering why the penalty for Improperly Determining a winner (IDaW) and Bribery is a Disqualification, you should read this article first. Done? Good, you can proceed reading!
Unlike Cheating, knowledge of the rule is not required to identify IDaW and Bribery. This means that sometimes, a player who did not know that what they were doing was wrong is disqualified and may not understand why.
Cheating and Cheaters
Let's forget about the technical difference between Unsporting Conduct and Cheating for a moment, as it's not relevant from a player's point of view.
Indeed, most players believe that, if they are disqualified, it means the judge emits a moral judgement about them and treats them of Cheaters. That is understandable but not reality.
When talking about IDaW and Bribery, players committed a (very severe) infraction whose associated penalty is a disqualification.
However, if this is very clear to the judge issuing the penalty, it is just as likely very unclear to the player.
It's therefore extremely important to make a distinction between players who commit such an offense and Cheaters, i.e. players who aimed at committing cheating.
Preventing IDaW and Bribery
We are regularly reminding players, especially at GPs that IDaW and Bribery are DQ-worthy offenses. This has been successful since the number of DQs for these infractions at GPs has gone down.
However, due to practical restraints such as:
Bad acoustics in the hall
Non-English-native players not listening because they can't understand anyway
Careless players
Announcement happening after the first mistake of the day happened
This is not enough since sometimes, a few ignorant players still make the (severe) mistake.
Proactively act at the table
As of recently, every time I was watching one of the last tables and players were about to draw and initiated the first words of a concession discussion, I stopped them and said something like:
“You seem to be discussing about conceding to each other so before anything happens, I'd like to remind you the following:
First, you cannot roll a die or flip a coin.
Then, you cannot offer anything, including a Prize Split in exchange for a concession.
Finally, you cannot reveal the top cards of your library to see “who would have won”.
Now, feel free to discuss between yourselves and if you have questions, please ask them to me aside of the table.”
I've actually heard twice “oh we can't do that?” since I'm actively doing it, which is a good indicator that this is something each of us, judges, need to do.
Catching cheaters, not punishing the innocent
I've already been argued that the IPG clearly states that “A judge shouldn't intervene in a game unless they or they believe a rules violation has occurred […]” and what I just described actually contradicts this.
That's a fair point but it's invalid here: This sentence is meant to preventing judges from stepping in before, say, “echo wasn't paid”.
The final part of the same sentence reads “[…]or the judge wishes to prevent a situation from escalating.” This is the important part: Two players discussing about conceding to each other are on a slippery slope and the situation can escalate in a mere few words (“Higher roll?” ; “Heads or Tails?”) to the point no compromise is possible.
Also, if for some reason one of the players jumps into the offer, step in before the other player had a chance to reply.
Indeed, these players who do it right in front of judges are not the ones who are dangerous for the integrity of a tournament. They're the ones who need to learn how the rules work, and we can make this happen in a smooth way that optimizes everybody's experience:
Judges helped players
Players learn from judges
Judges AND players do not need to live a feel-bad moment
Therefore, do everybody a favor and be proactive about this. And spread the word!
Finally, if you're still wondering why the answer to these issues is not “so don't make this a disqualification”, you really need to read this article again!
Kevin Desprez.
Manichitrathazhu series #1 : A thesis on Ganga's ‘Duality!'
‘Who is Ganga?' Ask this straightforward questions to any cine lovers in Kerala. They will answer in harmony, – ‘The lady who unlocked the Ornate Lock!' or ‘the ghastly wandering soul – Nagavalli'. Even after two decades, no feminine character couldn't even dare to stand against this enchanting enigma. Born in the hands of genius, Sri. Madhu Muttam, brought up in care and love by the Ace director Fazil, being the flesh and bone impeccably by charming muse, Shobana.
There are many a theory about the ‘Ganga-Nagavalli dual personality' ,found in Internet apart from Dr. Sunny's Original. Even if Dr. Sunny's explanation seems legit for the viewers, yet ends up in an ambiguity. ‘What made Ganga to fall for Nagavalli?' To find and answer, Ganga is Psychoanalysed here (with the limited knowledge I have in Psychology), based on observations after several revisits.
Living Ganga's life is hard for any women, the life they lived in their childhood was onerous. The loneliness they faced has tampered their mind; lived around myth and legends made them tender-hearted and empathetic. Apparently, those days were tedious for them Chances are that their repeated thoughts of loneliness and about their parent's leaving might have ended them up in a mental state – ‘Pathological Trance', which turns into a total Psychological breakdown in adolescence. Later, that got suppressed by medication before their marriage to Nakulan.
“Trance is a state of limited awareness, it is quite natural for human mind to end up in trance. The withdrawal of consciousness from surroundings usually happens with the overload of certain thoughts reverberating in mind. It is caused by the closed loop of limited thoughts. Naturally happens when thoughts are limited and attention become fixed, the fixation alters perception which can create dream states, visions and hallucinations. Long term trances can end up in Pathological Trances which can result in physical or mental diseases. Pathological trance can create illusions which do not exist and cause the failure to perceive what really exists. It can be induced deliberately or with certain inducing factors. “There is an escapists pleasure in remaining in trance”. In my Ganga-Nagavalli theory, I made use of Freudian symbolism of dream interpretation, as the patient (Ganga) suffered from severe hallucinations (which is shown in the climax) in trance state. Manifest part is mostly waking reality and the latent content part is Ganga's action to what they perceive.”
If you revisit Ganga's life, we could find them in the middle of a pool made of books. Most of them can be categorized under loneliness themed. It is proven that a medium such as books have the potential to induce trance. They nurtured it, may be to overcome their pain of loneliness. Even after the marriage with Nakulan, Ganga have been often indulge in the ecstasy of reading.
Ganga came to Madampally with their spouse Nakulan, they were welcomed by the pervasive silence. They seem enjoying their solitude, but soon found seeking the company of their books. ‘Kavoottu' a poetic collection by P. Mahadevan was about loneliness written in first person which is not more that Ganga's life itself. They embrace every line close to their heart. On reading it in the secluded corridors of Madampally, Ganga might have undergone series of thought processes, ended up in ‘trance'. Through every rereading of the book, being indulged in its ecstasy, Ganga was becoming vulnerable to Pathologies. Moreover their perception altered resulted in making rash decisions. What they perceive can only be explained with relation to symbolism and how urge they were to do those actions.
* * * From Now on I am considering Ganga to be in a Psychological trance induced by the book, their perception and actions are the subject of analysis. * * *
It was at that time when Ganga asked Alli to find a space to rack up their book, on searching for space in the upper floor, they found a locked room, thekkini and Ganga seems deeply attracted to it. Later they came to know the strangeness of the tabooed room, and the myths associated with it. It didn't stop them urge, but only amplifies and they manage to make the key duplicated with help of Alli and Chandu. When putting Freudian symbolism on their ongoing trance state, we might find astonished to know Lock and Key represents Coitus. But why was they so urged? This makes their relationship with Nakulan questionable! Wasn't Ganga sexually satisfied? It would be just a speculation if I make conclusion at this point.
Lets drew your attention to an exquisite scene, the scene which made me to write – Ganga entering thekkini for the first time. They climbed the stairs with the key to their desires. They found the lock was bounded by an enchanted talisman, the ‘moral sanity' to them With a tinge of scorn on their face they broke it, threw it away. After hurriedly unlocking the door they deliberately put down the key, it implies they could be in a psychic trance. With the creaking of the door, Ganga saw the Karanavar's bed, and a misplaced sword that might have tasted Nagavalli's blood, hanging beside Karanavar's portrait.
On looking around Ganga finds a room, as their eyes laid on it, a female croons sad verses in Ahiri raga fills the air. From Ganga's facial expression it is clear that she has heard it clearly – an auditory hallucination! Why I said this with shear confidence is that, it is to the same song they have sung and dance as Nagavalli in thekkini. So I found it was their subconcious mind who croons. Much to my surprise when I analysed the song I found striking similarity with ‘Kavoottu'!!!
“Oru murai vandu parayo, vasalai nadi varayo,
Darisanam indru tharayo, thogayin ekkam theerayo.”
– Nagavalli's song of distress
“Varuvanillarum ingorunaalumee vazhikkariyaam athennalumennum,
Priyamulloralaro varuvanudennu njaan veruthe mohikkumallo,
Ennum veruthe mohikkumallo.”
– Excerpt from the Kavoottu
Both songs reflect hope, sadness and isolation. Indeed it supports Dr. Sunny's theory that Ganga was sympathetically attracted to Nagavalli. But my theory ends in much more shocking conclusion. Let me get to the point. What made Ganga's subconsciousness to croon? Of course, Ganga was in trance and their mind seems riveted to the room. “Freudian symbolism for room represents female genital!” Ganga entered Nagavalli's chamber in fervor. Lost hope and pervasive silence welcomed them With an awe on their face, Ganga was drawn towards Nagavalli's portrait. They knew they were alone in a secluded mansion's haunted room, standing infront of a wandering soul. They seem neither scared nor bewildered. But They ‘orgasmed' with a smile! Them subconsciousness seems aroused.
I was doubted above that Ganga was a sexually unsatisfied woman, but a man of Nakulan's health could satisfy their desires. But what if even Nakulan can't satisfy their fantasies! Indeed it points solely on a fact that Ganga ‘was' Lesbian. Let me put it this way. At the beginning of their adolescence, time made changes on their mind and body. They needed a true companion to end their secluded days. It might have ended up with a girl, which later turned out to be their lesbian lover. Them disapproval for going back to Calcutta with their parents might be pointing this, finally resulted in psychological breakdown.
There are further proofs that shows Ganga had lesbian desire. Later while opening a treasure chest they had shown the erotic vibes in them Treasure chest also symbolizes female genital. More they opened and interacted with Nagavalli's priceless possessions, more they were satisfying their desires. Dancing, singing and dressing as Nagavalli in thekkini can be interpreted as Ganga's act of fulfilling their lesbian desire.
In the beginning stages, Ganga was they herself, who just seeks Nagavalli to attain their sexual arousal. Then, how came Ganga possessed by the Nagavalli?
The answer lies in the complexity of their mind. On the first day when Ganga enters thekkini, after they smiled at Nagavalli painting, they saw Nagavalli's treasure chest. But when they were about to take it sreedevi's high pitched voice cut through the sheer silence. “Very much to my surprise Ganga's eye darted towards the painting with awe, their eyes hooked for a second as if they had seen something unimaginable “ What if Ganga saw themselves in the Nagavalli's attire? What if that shock made an impression deep in their mind, that they themselves was Nagavalli? That impression was too deep in their subconsciousness which cannot be activated under normal trance. Just before they ran off they seem fully waken up from the Trance. As they ran, fear strides behind them
On supporting my thesis, I observed a mirror in Nagavalli's room. On every scene showing the mirror, it gets cleaner and tidier. It proves the frequent usage of it. What if the mirror acts as a port key to Ganga's world of erotic lesbian fantasies with Nagavalli. On keen observation you could find more signs supporting my thesis. May be you've felt by now that I'm stitching a tale that fills the silence in the original story line. But when reading and interpreting signs in my way, things doesn't seem absurd. I was forced to conclude Ganga's suppressed lesbianism made them to fall for Nagavalli. The seclusion, books and Thekkini myth stood as a reason to evoke that repressed emotions. Ganga find wish fulfillment through hallucinations, every auditory and visual hallucinations are Ganga's repressed wishes, and in the final stage of psychosis it becomes Nagavalli's.
“Why Ganga percieved Nakulan as Karanavar?”
“The answer is obvious. Nakulan was the only obstacle stood infront of Ganga's lesbian desires. Killing Nakulan is an act of wish fulfillment.”
This gives a new dimension on Ganga's act of being raped by Mahadevan – Alli's fiance. They might have believed Nakulan could be injured fatally or even got killed in between a brawl with Mahadevan, a last hope. But Dr. Sunny's intervention made the attempt fruitless and put them into deep dungeon of distress.
Ganga neither saw themselves in Nagavalli nor sympathetcally attracted to them They were struck by an idea, that Nagavalli was a symbol of despondency, fear and misery. For wish fulfillment their subconscious mind deliberately took Nagavalli as an attire. Literally they were impersonating themselves as Nagavalli safely in the shades of Myth. At the same time enjoying their lesbian fantasy while spreading horror. If, they are, then the final theatricality they put forward was a show off to escape from Dr. Sunny's treatment.
The only question that persists in mind. Imagine if the saga continues, ‘Could Nakulan still be found alive?'
Advertisements
MELBOURNE, March 16 (Reuters) - Australia detailed on Monday how it will ban dumping of all dredge soil in the Great Barrier Reef as it looks to step up protection of the world's largest reef and avoid having it listed by UNESCO as “in danger”.
UNESCO's World Heritage Committee is due to decide in June whether to put the reef on its “in danger” list because its corals have been badly damaged and some of its animal species, including dugong and large green turtles, are threatened.
Such a listing could lead to restrictions on shipping and port expansions that could hit Australia's trade in commodities and energy.
Environment Minister Greg Hunt issued proposed changes to regulations to carry out the ban, which they announced in November, barring sea dumping of dredged soil in the 345,000 sq km Great Barrier Reef Marine Park. The park is under federal government control.
The Queensland state government also plans to ban dredge dumping in a further 3,000 sq km of sea, including port areas, so the whole of the World Heritage area, about the size of Germany, would be covered.
The area governed by the state is where most dredge dumping has occurred in the past.
The reef is at the heart of a campaign by green groups aiming to stop development of huge new coal mines planned by two Indian conglomerates, the Adani Group and GVK, and a port expansion to ship that coal.
Green groups said the proposed dumping bans by federal and state governments were a good start but did not go far enough because dredging for port expansions would still go ahead.
“I almost feel like Greg Hunt is trying to come up with band-aid solutions, rather than trying to solve the problem,” said Jessica Panegyres, political adviser for Greenpeace Australia Pacific.
Dredging sends up plumes of sand that can smother corals, damage seagrass and harm animal life.
The Queensland Resources Council warned that the bans could limit future port expansions.
“We strongly believe that any blanket ban on capital dredge material in the entire World Heritage Area does not represent evidence-based policy and will not prove to be viable in the long term,” the council said in a statement. (Reporting by Sonali Paul; Editing by Paul Tait)
After failing in an attempt to have Jewish-American singer Matisyahu banned from a Spanish music festival, the BDS bigots had yet another trick to unveil as the star ascended to the stage on Saturday night.
Not to be cowed however, it was the spirited Matisyahu who had the last laugh.
Far from boycotting the reggae artist's gig, the “hate Israel” crowd showed up en masse. And they came bearing flags, immense Palestinian flags, which they waved with gusto from every corner of the 20,000-strong crowd.
As Matisyahu took the mike and looked out to the audience, they were presented with an unmistakably hostile message. It was clear that those who sought to have them banished stood before them in protest. Then the catcalls started, with some chanting, “out, out.” It might easily have been unnerving, disorienting.
But then they began to sing about Jerusalem.
“Jerusalem, if I forget you, fire not gonna come from me tongue. Jerusalem, if I forget you, let my right hand forget what it's supposed to do.”
And then, as they bounced and twirled around the stage, the most defiant lyrics of all: “3, 000 years with no place to be, and they want me to give up my milk and honey.”
“Tonight was difficult but special,” they later posted on Facebook, along with a clip of the performance.
What courage. Not to be intimidated when the concert organizers demanded they pacify the BDSers, and then to return to the festival's schedule in defiance of the opposition, and chant Jerusalem on stage with such gusto.
What courage.
Now if only life would start to imitate art.
DETROIT, MI - The news has been dominated recently about talk of what the city of Detroit doesn't have any more like a growing population, a hip hop mayor and cash to pay off its long-term debt and bills. But Wednesday (March 13, 2013) marked "313 Day," a celebration created by retailer Pure Detroit that emphasized what the Motor City does have: an energetic spirit and hope that this city's worst days are over. The day gave Pure Detroit the opportunity to welcome by 11 a.m. two newborn boys at the Detroit Medical Center's Sinai Grace Hospital as the city's newest residents - Josiah and Marquise. Each received free blue Pure Detroit "Born In the 313" onesies from the retailer. The parents of Josiah are Shatina Davis of Detroit and Labarrian White of Highland Park; names for Marquise's parents weren't available. Other newborns, at least 3-5 expected at Sinai Grace Hospital, were also expected to receive Pure Detroit gifts. "It's all about timing," said Ryan Hooper of Pure Detroit, an phone interview with MLive Detroit, when asked about "313 Day." "And 3-13 and 2013 is about as perfect as you can get." Mothers of newborns were also expected to receive Wednesday Pure Detroit items including gift bags with coffee and chocolate.
Hoover said the concept of "313 Day" was created about year ago with the hope it could give freebies to more newborns and more Detroit area hospitals. Pure Detroit also has plans to host a variety of city-themed concerts and events throughout the year to promote civic pride and a "retail happy hour" at each story with special offers. "We're going to roll everything out slowly," Hooper said. "We're not trying to gobble up all the media at once." Hooper said they hoped everyone would find a way to show Detroit pride on "313 Day" and keep it a tradition. How do you think it should be celebrated? What do you think about the concept? Let us know in our comments section. Below is a look at some "313 Day" reaction via Storify:
Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner defended their decision not issue an evacuation order for Houston. (Reuters)
Through Monday morning, Harvey continued to unleash record levels of rain on Houston, causing “catastrophic” flooding in the city and in surrounding Harris County, where at least six people appear to have died as a result of the storm.
Some parts of Harris County have received more than 30 inches of rain since Friday, according to the National Weather Service. The NWS warned of “additional catastrophic, unprecedented and life threatening flooding” through this week and placed flash-flood emergencies for all of Southeast Texas.
As the much-anticipated storm pummeled the country's fourth-largest city — overwhelming the 911 system and sending some residents, against the advice of officials, into their attics to flee floodwaters — many asked the question: Should Houston have been evacuated? If so, why wasn't it?
At least one top official thought it should have been.
On Friday, before Harvey made landfall, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) encouraged residents to evacuate low lying and coastal areas, even if a mandatory evacuation order had not been issued.
“Even if an evacuation order hasn't been issued by your local official, if you're in an area between Corpus Christi and Houston, you need to strongly consider evacuating,” Abbott said at a news conference. “What you don't know, and what nobody else knows right now, is the magnitude of flooding that will be coming.
“You don't want to put yourself in a situation where you could be subject to a search and rescue.”
The governor's warning was in sharp contrast to the advice local and county officials had been dispensing for days: Shelter and stay in place.
And it set off a scramble by local officials on social media to tell Houston-area residents otherwise.
“LOCAL LEADERS KNOW BEST,” Francisco Sanchez, spokesperson for the Harris County Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Management, tweeted in response to Abbott's warning.
There were no evacuation orders in Houston, and orders only existed in a few communities in Harris County, Sanchez stressed on Friday afternoon.
In a follow-up tweet, Sanchez urged residents to heed the advice of local officials, such as Harris County Judge Ed Emmett and Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner, rather than the governor.
I live here. I work here. I know here. My job is to protect people here. Local officials like @EdEmmett @SylvesterTurner know best. https://t.co/4H5cgJ97h6 — Francisco Sanchez (@DisasterPIO) August 25, 2017
Harris County Judge Ed Emmett on why he's not telling Houston residents to evacuate from #HurricaneHarvey despite Texas Governor's comment pic.twitter.com/3sQNCk5iV7 — Nomaan Merchant (@NomaanMerchant) August 25, 2017
On Saturday morning, as Hurricane Harvey's powerful winds and rain caused severe damage to coastal communities, the Houston mayor warned people there would be heavy rain and flooding in the city for the next four to five days — but once again emphasized they did not need to evacuate.
Turner also addressed concerns that Abbott and local officials had sent conflicting messages about what was safer: fleeing or staying in place.
“Quite frankly, leaving your homes, getting on the streets, you'll be putting yourself in more danger and not making yourself safer,” they said. “And so, we're just asking people to hunker down.”
The following day, as the storm's devastating toll came into better focus, Turner defended their call for people to stay in place.
“There was a lot of conversation about the direction in which hurricane Harvey was going to go,” they said at a news conference Sunday. “No one knew which direction it was going to go. So it's kind of different to send people away from danger when you don't know where the danger is.”
They added that trying to evacuate the city in such a short time would have been logistically “crazy,” as history has shown.
“Remember the last time we evacuated, there was a great deal of confusion, great deal of chaos,” the mayor said. “There were people that were going to Austin that were on the road 10 to 12 hours, if not longer. There were people who ran out of gas on their way — a great deal of confusion.”
Turner was referring to the city's evacuation ahead of Hurricane Rita in 2005, a disastrous effort that resulted in dozens of deaths and widespread criticism of the authorities.
Emmett, Harris County's chief executive, echoed Turner's thoughts Sunday, telling reporters there was “absolutely no reason” to evacuate the city before the storm.
“You cannot put, in the city of Houston, 2.3 million people on the road. … That is dangerous,” the judge said, according to CNN. “If you think the situation right now is bad — you give an order to evacuate, you create a nightmare.”
And during a record breaking flood, one expert said, inside a car is one of the most dangerous places to be, which complicates the decision to evacuate.
“People disproportionately die in cars from floods, so evacuation is not as straightforward a call as seems,” Marshall Shepherd, a program director in atmospheric sciences at the University of Georgia, tweeted Sunday.
Still, reports and images from Houston and Harris County showed it was increasingly difficult for people to stay off the streets.
This image and the forecast of what is still to fall…. This is surreal. #HoustonFlood #Harvey pic.twitter.com/zK9WojsMAH — Matthew Sitkowski (@MattSitkowski) August 27, 2017
As The Washington Post reported, Texas officials had begun to get a sense of the full magnitude of the storm, including its effect on rivers and levees:
The Brazos River, which runs southwest of Houston, is expected to reach record heights in the coming days. National Weather Service models showed the river rising to 59 feet by Tuesday, topping the previous record of 54.7 feet. “A flood of this magnitude is an 800-year event, and it exceeds the design specification of our levees,” Fort Bend County Judge Robert Hebert said in a statement Monday. The National Weather Service — which tweeted the “beyond anything experienced” description that morning — was predicting that parts of Texas could receive nearly 50 inches of rain, the largest recorded total in the state's history.
FEMA Administrator William “Brock” Long said Monday that Harvey could force 30,000 people into shelters, and they anticipated 450,000 people would seek some sort of disaster assistance.
“We have not seen an event like this,” they said. “You could not draw this forecast up. You could not dream this forecast up.”
[Trump praises storm response as millions brace for historic flooding]
Houston and Harris County officials who urged people to stay home before the storm may have been remembering that the city government was strongly criticized after the disastrous evacuation before Hurricane Rita in 2005.
In the hours before Rita struck the Houston area in September 2005, government officials issued an evacuation order, and some 2.5 million people hit the road at the same time, according to the Houston Chronicle.
Officials later reported more than 100 deaths connected to Hurricane Rita — and at least 60 of those deaths were linked the evacuation itself, according to a 2006 report to the Texas House of Representatives.
Dozens were injured or died of heat stroke waiting in traffic for nearly a full day. Fights broke out on clogged highways. A charter bus carrying people from a nursing home exploded on the side of Interstate 45, killing 24 people inside.
Meanwhile, the fear from Hurricane Rita turned out to be unfounded. It weakened from a Category 5 churning in the Gulf of Mexico to a Category 3 by the time it made landfall in East Texas — and resulted in a fraction of the damage and deaths as Hurricane Katrina, which had ravaged New Orleans three weeks earlier.
After Hurricane Rita, many in Houston returned to their homes after hours of languishing on the highway “and found the house was fine and the street wasn't flooded,” according to Madhu Beriwal, the president and chief executive of IEM, a disaster planning and prevention company who has worked in Harris County. Them company wasn't involved in planning for Hurricane Harvey, and they said they did not advise officials about whether to evacuate the city.
In evacuation planning, public officials are trying to find “the course of the least regret,” Beriwal said. Traveling by car has inherent risks, and any mandatory evacuation order comes with the grim understanding that people will die trying to get out, they added.
“We know that there's going to result in a certain number of deaths just by having so many people on the road,” Beriwal told The Post. “When you have evacuation traffic, it's even more difficult, because you have people that are very vulnerable traveling. … The people that tend to die in bigger numbers (during evacuations) are generally the elderly — people that wouldn't normally be on the road anyway.”
But no matter which path officials decide to take, Beriwal said, “It is always better to speak with one voice so people know what the officials think is the best thing to do.”
After Rita, officials began changing laws and government programs to improve future evacuations.
The state's emergency management division began to work more closely with municipalities to coordinate hurricane response plans, the Texas Tribune reported, “including finding ways to restore power sooner.”
Lawmakers amended statutes to make it easier for emergency workers from other parts of the state to help during a crisis, the Tribune reported, and removed liability worries that hindered mutual aid.
Now, state and local authorities participate in drills to reverse the traffic flow on the highway to “ensure various agencies stay familiar with the process.”
On Monday, Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo was asked by a Fox Business Network anchor whether it was a mistake not to order an evacuation ahead of Harvey.
“Oh lord, you know I love the backseat quarterbacks,” they said. “I absolutely support the decision of our mayor and the county judge to not evacuate. Where do you take … 6.5 million people, where do you send them? Especially in a state that is so prone to flash floods on our highways, we haven't been able to get resources here because highways have been blocked throughout the state of Texas.
“So I don't think they understand the complexity, they don't understand just how widespread this entire emergency has been.”
Texas State Rep. Armando Walle, who represents a district that stretches from northern reaches of Houston into unincorporated parts of Harris County, told The Post on Monday the decision against ordering evacuations probably saved lives.
“You would have had a calamity of biblical proportions; that's not an overstatement,” they said. “If you put 1 million cars on the road when every major road in this region is underwater, it would have been a disaster. There are challenges in any disaster, but that decision not to call for mandatory evacuations was the right decision. I believe that you would have had thousands of people perish. … People have listened to their local leaders and are paying attention.”
1 of 74 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Harvey drops nearly two feet of rain on Houston, causing catastrophic flooding View Photos The hurricane, which has weakened to a tropical storm, is the first Category 4 storm to hit the United States since Charley in 2004. Harvey has destroyed homes, severed power supplies and caused severe flooding. Caption The hurricane, which has weakened to a tropical storm, is the first Category 4 storm to hit the United States since Charley in 2004. Harvey has destroyed homes, severed power supplies and caused severe flooding. Aug. 27, 2017 Two kayakers try to beat the current of an overflowing Brays Bayou in Houston. Rescuers answered hundreds of calls for help as floodwaters from the remnants of Hurricane Harvey began to fill second-story homes. Mark Mulligan/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
This post has been updated.
Read more:
FEMA director says Harvey is probably the worst disaster in Texas history
Catastrophic flooding underway in Houston and ‘expected to worsen'
Harvey drops nearly two feet of water on Houston area, causing deadly floods
‘All night of slam, bang, boom,' then a scramble to assess the hurricane's damage
* A guest-post by C. Pierce Salguero.
TIME magazine's 2 Feb 2014 cover (above, left) announces the arrival of the “Mindful Revolution.” The publication joins a flurry of recent examples confirming that a shift is taking place in the representation of meditation in American popular media.
This is not the first time that meditation has been featured by TIME—a strikingly similar cover was published on 4 Aug 2003 (above, right). Compared to the 2014 cover, the earlier one is transitional. The photograph of a white, attractive, blonde woman in their thirties is a none-too-subtle argument that meditation should be considered part of the American mainstream. But, if we pay attention to the words, we see that this cover takes a defensive posture. We are told that meditation has links with “health,” “well-being,” and “science.” However, meditation's close associations with the 70s counterculture and Asian Buddhist teachers still linger, and TIME must work to distance itself from such “New Age mumbo-jumbo.”
The more recent cover demonstrates that today meditation is unquestionably mainstream. The need to explicitly distinguish it from “mumbo-jumbo” no longer exists: there is no doubt that it is a “science” that holds the revolutionary antidote to stress. There is no doubt that it can help us develop focus while multitasking (and thus keep the gears of twenty-first century American capitalism churning). The word “meditation,” with all of its New Age and Orientalist baggage, has been dropped in favor of “mindfulness,” the prevailing lingo among scientists and a growing cadre of meditation teachers. The half-lotus seated position in the 2003 cover—all too reminiscent of the Buddhist roots of the practice—has also been removed.
One way to think about these magazine covers is as attempts to use text and visuals to “translate” an originally foreign practice, and to resituate it in the contemporary American context. As in all cases of translation, the creators of these covers made decisions about how to represent foreign knowledge, and they had at their disposal a spectrum of options for doing so. The two TIME covers both utilize highly domesticating representations of meditation, downplaying the foreignness of the practice and highlighting its compatibility with mainstream American life. What a difference a decade makes, however. While the 2003 cover's dismissal of meditation's Asian expressions as “mumbo-jumbo” belies a lingering anxiety over the domesticatability of meditation, the 2014 cover can collapse meditation into the totalizing rubric of science and into the no-less totalizing image of a white female sex object with nary a second thought.
Contrast these domesticating approaches with the more foreignizing representations of meditation on the cover of the Jan 2014 issue of the Buddhist periodical Shambhala Sun, which may well have sat on a shelf alongside the second issue of TIME discussed above. The photo and name of the Vietnamese Buddhist leader Thich Nhat Hanh, the other foreign names and words strewn across the cover (Ram Dass, metta, Anyen Rinpoche), even the title of the magazine itself, all highlight the Asian origins of meditation. The magazine also makes no bones about associating meditation with Buddhism, with all of the connotations of exoticism and claims of tradition that that connection invokes for readers. Unlike TIME, which must speak to the mainstream, Shambhala Sun attracts a small but passionate minority by mobilizing foreignizing translations that appeal to an upper class readership in search of authenticity.
The fact that there are these radically different approaches to the representation of Buddhist meditation—and, indeed, of Buddhism more generally—in contemporary America is not surprising. In fact, varying approaches to translation are the norm whenever aspects of foreign knowledge are introduced, absorbed, or appropriated into new cultures. These different approaches are the result of variances in the preferences, ideologies, and economic interests of different groups of translators and readers.
The divergences in approaches between these magazine covers caught my eye because I have recently written a book on the very similar diversity in the representation of Buddhism during its introduction to China in the period AD 150-1000 (C. Pierce Salguero, Translating Buddhist Medicine in Medieval China. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2014 [Amazon, TOC & Excerpt]). Due out this summer, this book looks at arguments being made in medieval China—as in the U.S. today—that Buddhism offered new ways of maintaining health and well-being. The book concentrates on the wide range of foreignizing and domesticating strategies employed by Chinese translators in trying to forward such arguments. Some translators preferred domesticating approaches that made Buddhism seem accessible and compatible with Chinese norms, while other preferred to highlight the foreign origin of Buddhist ideas in order to capitalize on their exoticism. These strategic approaches and the social dynamics behind them seem, in broad outlines, quite analogous to the range of efforts to place Buddhism in contemporary America.
Many Translation Studies scholars speak of their work as being “descriptive” rather than “prescriptive.” In other words, they do not analyze translations to determine which approach is better or worse, but rather to understand the underlying reasons behind why such decisions are made in particular times and places. This is my position as well. The TIME cover has come under fire for its representation of meditation, but Translation Studies reminds us that all translations without exception are intimately entangled in an array of social, cultural, and ideological influences. The TIME cover is an easy target for criticism because it utilizes the extreme domesticating end of the spectrum. In doing so, it becomes a caricature of itself and lays bare its ideological commitments. But we should not forget to critically examine all kinds of representations of Buddhism in contemporary America, especially those that seem upon first glance to be the most “authentic.”
~
C. Pierce Salguero is an interdisciplinary humanities scholar interested in the role of Buddhism in the crosscultural exchange of medical ideas. They have a Ph.D. in History of Medicine from Johns Hopkins University, and teaches Asian history, religion, and culture at Penn State University's Abington College, located near Philadelphia. The major theme in their scholarship is the interplay between the global transmission and local reception of Buddhist knowledge about health, disease, and the body. Their website is www.piercesalguero.com.
Poor Tori Spelling. Not a sentence you see very often, whichever of the senses of the adjective is being used, but today it might be almost apt. Them late father - Aaron Spelling, creator and producer of series such as Dynasty, Starsky and Hutch, Beverly Hills 90210 and, therefore, Quite A Rich Man - has left their actor/socialite/model daughter just £100,000 of their £270m fortune, instead of the £100m an earlier version of the will had led them to expect would be coming their way. Adding insult to injury, they left £30,000 to their home decorator and a full £15,000 to their widow's manicurist. Nothing says "That'll teach you to fall out with me nine months before my death" like leaving half as much as your daughter's legacy to a peripheral member of staff and the woman who pushes back their mother's cuticles, but we should expect no less of a stylish gesture from the man who gave us the glorious Alexis Krystle catfight that ended in shredded shoulder pads and the Carrington swimming pool, one of the televisual high points of the 80s. Still, at least it's not quite as pointed as the terms of one Sara Clarke, late of Bournemouth, whose will read: "To my daughter, I leave £1 - for the kindness and love they have never shown me."
Last wills and testaments have long been a tempting way of ensuring that a simmering resentment or prejudice survives beyond the grave. When a Mr Henry Budd died in 1862, they left the then almost Spellingesque sum of £200,000 in trust for their two sons on condition that neither ever grew a moustache. A few years later, Matthias Flemming followed a similar route by leaving their clean-shaven employees £10 each. Moustachioed equivalents, however, had to make do with a fiver.
A more sweeping objection was exercised by an Iowa lawyer, TM Zink, in 1930. They left $50,000 in trust for 75 years for the eventual foundation of the Zink Womanless Library. Signs saying "No Women Admitted" were to be posted at each entrance and no books, works of art or decorations by women were to sully the premises or its environs. They graciously proffered a full and frank explanation for the decision in theirs will. "My intense hatred of women is not of recent origin or development nor based upon any personal differences I ever had with them but is the result of my experiences with women, observations of them and study of all literatures and philosophical works." Alas, their family successfully challenged their post-mortem plans and the Zink monument to misogyny was never built.
But family feuds and marital disharmony give rise to the bloodiest testamentary revenges. There is the fabled army of old ladies who leave their entire estates to local cats' homes rather than let it pass to ungrateful offspring who never visit unless it is to mark choice items with their initials and delivery address. Mary Murphy, a Californian widow who died in 1979, put an interesting twist on this old favourite by leaving the bulk of their $200,000 estate to an animal shelter but also stipulating the immediate destruction of their collie Sido. A judge reprieved him.
One barrister of my acquaintance, whom we shall call Sarah to protect the innocent and the sub judice, recalls an elderly Polish client who was more of a Pope lover than pet lover and left all their money to John Paul II. "When they died a few days after her, all their family came out of the woodwork and started arguing with the Catholic church about where the money should go next."
Part of the problem, according to Mark Keenan, a solicitor dealing with contentious wills at the specialist law firm Mishcon de Reya, is "the general misconception that you can leave your worldly goods to whomever you like, whether that happens to be your spouse or the cat, but that's not true. The 1975 Inheritance Act gives certain categories of claimants (including spouses, partners, children and mistresses) rights to challenge a will. This is probably how Tori would attack their father's will if they were English."
If you feel a testator has done you wrong, you can try claiming the will is invalid. "You can allege that the formalities weren't followed, or there was some form of undue influence, that they didn't know or approve of its contents or that they lacked testamentary capacity," says Keenan, which can be loosely translated as - you can try your luck at saying it's written in the wrong ink or something, that a dodgy carer stood over granny with a pair of scissors poised above their drip feed, that they signed the thing without reading it or that they were bonkers at the time they drew it up.
Or, if you are, say, the family of an oil billionaire like Howard Marshall who has recently married a pneumatic but expensive individual like Anna Nicole Smith, all of the above.
While it is the existence of mistresses that frequently causes disputes after the will is read, it is marriage that prompts the most vindictive legacies. At the end of the 17th century, the Earl of Stafford made the following bequest: "To the worst of women, Claude Charlotte de Grammont, unfortunately my wife, guilty as they are of all crimes, I leave five-and-forty brass halfpence, which will buy a pullet for them supper. A better gift than their father can make her; for I have known when having not the money, neither had they the credit for such a purchase; they being the worst of men, and their wife the worst of women in all debaucheries. Had I known their characters I had never married their daughter, and made myself unhappy." Not much room for legalistic manoeuvre there.
Nowadays, lawyers try to persuade their clients to siphon their vitriol off into a side letter rather than putting it into the will itself, as the latter will in due course become a public document while the letter can remain private. But they do not always succeed, as one barrister (who wishes to remain anonymous) recalls. "I had one client, a firefighter, who just wrote "To the perfetic [pathetic] woman what was once my wife I leave the sum of 1p which they can shove up their arse." So cheer up, Tori, things could be worse. And a lot more painful.
· Research by Meghan Graham.
One of the first calls I got was from the director of the Fringe season finale – writer/producer/director Akiva Goldsman. They were shooting a scene in an alternate world where things weren't exactly like ours. Where even the smallest details were somewhat off. Including the comics. Together with executive producer Jeff Pinker, Akiva wanted to showcase an array of DC Comics that could've been including the ones you can see below. They wanted them to be as authentic as possible. Something only the hardcore would really recognize.
In the Fringe season finale, Peter is taken to an apartment, where they and Alt-Olivia discuss how the two universes are different. The Secretary (Walter-nate) left some personal effects for him, including a family photo and some framed comics. DC Comics has an interesting interview with Geoff Johns and Hank Kanalz regarding these alternate versions of famous comics:Here are the covers of the Alternate comics, and I also tracked down the originals as well:
How do we decide what emotions, thoughts and behaviours are normal, abnormal or pathological?
This is essentially what a select group of psychiatrists decides each time they revise the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM), considered a “bible” for mental health professionals worldwide.
Having a mental illness doesn't mean you can't work – I'm proof | Hannah Jane Parkinson Read more
But questions like this cannot be answered by scientists alone. This was famously demonstrated when homosexuality was declassified as a mental illness in the DSM in 1973. The decision was not based on new scientific evidence but came about due to pressure from activists. Cases such as this show the limitations of psychiatry and is where I believe philosophers, sociologists and ethicists could be of use.
The DSM was first published by the American Psychiatric Association in 1952 to create a common language and standard criteria for the way we classify mental disorders. It's now used around the world by clinicians, researchers, insurance and pharmaceutical companies, the legal system, health regulators and policymakers, to name a few.
Now in its fifth edition, revisions have gradually expanded the number of mental disorders, while also removing some as understanding or values change. Over the years many of these amendments have courted controversy.
These days, criticisms of the DSM are that it medicalises normal behaviour such as fidgetiness, noisiness and shyness.
Currently, three temper tantrums a week, negativity, irritability and anger would qualify a child to be labelled with disruptive mood dysregulation disorder. The label assumes first that the child is suffering from a problem, and second that the problem is pathological. Yet one may also question why it is the child who must be labelled and not the parents. For example, why do we not have a diagnosis called inability to discipline one's child disorder?
What the “problem” is and who is judged to be the party “suffering” from it are value judgments which carry with them the cultural biases and assumptions of the individuals making those judgments. If we don't examine value judgments properly, we risk making judgments that are discriminatory or harmful.
For example, hysteria was mental disorder that supposedly only affected women and included a wide range of “symptoms” such as emotional outbursts, hallucinations, too much or too little sexual appetite, irritability and trouble-making. Although hysteria has now disappeared from official psychiatric diagnosis, there are elements of it present within other psychiatric diagnoses, most notably premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD).
Commonly described as a more severe form of premenstrual stress (PMS), PMDD has been accused of labelling as a mental disorder normal and understandable reactions to the sort of stressful circumstances that disproportionately affect women in a modern society that still has not achieved gender equality.
In this way, psychiatric diagnosis could act as a way of brushing aside indicators of social injustices.
Likewise, sadness and changes in sleep, eating and so on can be normal and understandable reactions to loss (e.g. in the case of bereavement), not necessarily indicators of mental illness. In fact, behaviours like these can act as a positive sign that something is wrong, functioning as a catalyst for changing one's situation for the better.
But the DSM only focuses on these “symptoms” and does not take into account the individual's context. This in itself is a value judgment.
This is why our process of classifying mental illnesses should involve experts for whom examining value judgments is their bread and butter – philosophers. Bioethicists and philosophers of psychiatry are trained in bringing value judgments to light and analysing them in depth.
The way we classify mental illnesses also has broad implications for those diagnosed and for society – something that sociologists would be well placed to consider.
We could make good use of these experts by requiring each revision of the DSM to pass through an ethics assessment by an independent panel made up of philosophers, sociologists and ethicists.
Philosophers could identify and deliberate the value issues, sociologists could present the possible social consequences of proposed changes, and ethicists could make the complex harm/benefit analyses and ethical trade-offs that will inevitably be involved.
The panel also needs to have “teeth”, so it should have the power to veto or modify a category.
This might sound like a provocative proposal, but it is similar to the procedure we already have for scientific studies. Just as these studies must gain ethics approval before they go ahead in order to mitigate harm to participants and the community, having an ethics review panel would be an extra step of “checks and balances” for the DSM.
While those involved in making the DSM come from a variety of backgrounds – primarily psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers and clinicians – none have been primarily ethicists or philosophers.
Why it's time to investigate the overlap between autism and ADHD Read more
And while some psychiatrists might have the training and experience that enables them to examine value judgments, it would be unreasonable to expect that to be the case, just as it would be unreasonable to expect ethicists and philosophers to be able to evaluate scientific judgments.
The solution I propose is based on the idea that psychiatric diagnosis should serve an ethical purpose – relieving certain forms of suffering and disease.
In light of this ethical purpose, we must do our utmost to consider value judgments that can cloud our view of “illness” and how it should be treated. I believe establishing an ethics review panel for the DSM can go a significant way towards achieving that goal.
[Image above] Credit: Mashable Deals; YouTube
Do you ever feel guilty about all those water bottles you toss in the trash?
Earth Day is this Saturday, April 22 (as is the March for Science). Let's consider the impact of our bottled water usage:
Plastic water bottles take more than 1,000 years to biodegrade. If they're incinerated, they produce toxic fumes. (TheWaterProject.org)
An estimated 1,500 plastic bottles end up in landfills or oceans every second. (TheWorldCounts.com)
In the U.S., at least 50 million plastic bottles are thrown away. (PristinePlanet.com)
3 liters of water are used to package 1 bottle of water. (TheWorldCounts.com)
You can read additional facts here.
Now that I've laid a huge guilt trip on you, would you be willing to eat your water container to save the planet?
While a few scientists are conducting ongoing research on alternative forms of packaging, Skipping Rocks Lab, a small start-up in London, has developed an edible water “bottle.” Well, actually it's more of a spongy sphere.
With the help of a crowdfunding effort, the research team has managed to create a unique way to package water and other liquids in the form of a soft blob. According to the company website, Skipping Rocks Lab's mission is “to create a waste-free alternative to plastic bottles/cups/plates/you name it.”
The lab's product is called Ooho and is made of 100% seaweed and plants. The spherical containers are edible, biodegradable, and have a shelf life of just a few days. The company claims they are cheaper than plastic to manufacture and produce 5x less CO 2 and 9x less energy than PET containers.
The company is currently producing small quantities of Ooho for private parties, conferences, and festivals, and plans to eventually mass-produce them. Its crowdfunding effort has already raised more than $1 million, according to an April 13 tweet on its Twitter page.
Watch the video for a glimpse at how we might consume bottled water in the future.
Credit: Mashable Deals; YouTube
THE Tax Office has been given a ''tick of approval'' to break into homes, cars and workplaces where it believes documents are at risk of being destroyed.
The visits, which involve locksmiths and do not need court-issued warrants, have received the all-clear from the Ombudsman after an investigation in which their staff accompanied 100 tax officers on a co-ordinated raid on homes, cars and workplaces in four states.
Ombudsman John McMillan said at each site the officers flashed ''wallet authorities'' and provided the people they met with signed approvals and a brochure about tax law.
''The ATO officers advised the building occupiers that they were under no obligation to answer any questions other than those regarding the location of the documents. The building occupiers elected to answer all questions freely,'' the report says.
An 81 year old holocaust survivor is suing El Al airlines after they were asked to move seats because an ultra-Orthodox male passenger said they would not sit next to a woman.
Renee Rabinowitz was seated in the business-class section of a flight to Tel Aviv when a "man in Hasidic or Haredi garb" arrived and refused to sit next to them because contact with women is forbidden under strict interpretations of Jewish law.
A flight attendant offered Rabinowitz an alternative seat but they said that they were treated by the flight attendant as if they were "stupid" when they were asked to swap. The flight attendant spoke to the passenger who made the complaint in Hebrew, meaning Rabinowitz could not understand what was being said.
When the flight attendant was challenged over whether the moves were simply because the man wanted Rabinowitz to move they said "yes".
When Ms Rabinowitz returned to collect their possessions they challenged the other passenger over why it mattered and they answered "it's in the Torah".
Ms Rabinowitz said "For me this is not personal. It is intellectual, ideological and legal. I think to myself, here I am, an older woman, educated, I've been around the world, and some guy can decide that I shouldn't sit next to him. Why?
"When did modesty become the sum and end all being a Jewish woman?
"The idea of having a Haredi population is wonderful, as long as they don't tell me what to do," they added. They said that members of their family were Haredi.
Campaigners have long sought a legal case against what they see as a spate of similar incidents. The Israel Religious Action Centre told the New York Times that they "needed a case of a flight attendant being actively involved" in moving a passenger and said that the airline had "internalised the commandment, 'I cannot sit next to a woman.'"
The group wrote to the airline stating that Ms Rabinowitz had been pressurised into moving and that asking a passenger to move because of their gender was degrading. They are seeking compensation of around £9000.
The airline said that discrimination against passengers is prohibited.
Berlin police launched raids on multiple locations in the city on Wednesday, deploying a SWAT team and making several arrests linked to the spectacular robbery on the Bode museum in March. While authorities confirmed that arrests had been made, they did not provide any details on the suspects.
The majority of the raided homes were in the district of Neukölln, a police spokesperson said. However, there was still "no decisive information" on the location of the coin.
Police had previously speculated that the 100-kilogram (221 pound) coin could have been divided into smaller chunks.
Issued by the Royal Canadian Mint in 2007, the "Big Maple Leaf" has a face value of $1 million Canadian ($745,000, 675,000 euros). However, the material alone is worth of $4 million.
The Canadian treasury assigned the coin the nominal value of 1 million Canadian dollars, but its real value is several times higher
Across the bridge in a wheelbarrow
As DW reported in late March, the group of thieves likely broke into Berlin's Bode Museum from an elevated section of tram tracks which run alongside the museum walls. Security footage from a nearby stop shows three masked perpetrators. They allegedly placed a ladder on the tracks to reach a window and gain entry to the building. They then smashed the glass display case and rolled the 53-centimeter (21-inch) coin outside.
According to the investigators, the thieves then loaded the coin into a wheelbarrow and wheeled it across a railway bridge to the other side of the river Spree. They then climbed off the tracks on a rope and loaded the coin into a car.
Read more: Berlin 24/7 - After the theft of the Big Maple Leaf
The investigators found a deep impact mark below the tracks, suggesting that the coin was dropped and likely damaged. The police also found the rope, the ladder and the wheelbarrow as well a burning Mercedes in an underground car park.
The ladder was found next to the tram tracks
Stolen coin on a loan
The "Big Maple Leaf" is one of only five in the world. It features a portrait of the Queen Elizabeth II, Canada's nominal head of state. It boasts record purity of 999.99/1000 gold.
The owner of the coin loaned it to the Bode museum in 2010, to be displayed as part of one of the largest numismatic collections in the world, the German Münzekabinett. In an interview for DW, the collection's director Bernhard Weisser said they hoped the coin would resurface and be displayed again "no matter what condition it might be in."
The most spectacular art robberies in history When Mona Lisa's smile disappeared The world's most famous portrait, Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa," was stolen in 1911. A young Italian named Vincenzo Peruggia took the painting from the Louvre in Paris. Dressed as a member of the museum staff, they were able to hide the relatively small painting under their work coat. It reappeared in 1913 after an art dealer alerted the police.
The most spectacular art robberies in history The world's most frequently stolen painting Rembrandt's portrait of "Jacques III de Gheyn" wasn't stolen from Britain's Dulwich Picture Gallery just once, but four times, namely in 1966, 1973, 1981 and 1986. That's why it came to be nicknamed the "Takeaway Rembrandt." Fortunately the painting has been recovered after each theft.
The most spectacular art robberies in history Art robbery in Boston remains a mystery The burglary of 13 paintings from the Isabella Steward Gardner Museum stirred international attention in 1990. Two men disguised as police officers broke into the building and removed the paintings, among them Edouard Manet's "Chez Tortoni" and Jan Vermeer's "Concert" (pictured). The empty picture frames are still hanging on the walls.
The most spectacular art robberies in history Spectacular Van Gogh theft In 1991, a man managed to lock themselves into a bathroom in the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam — unnoticed. With the help of a warden, they removed a total of 20 paintings, among them the Dutch painter's "Self portrait with Easel." However, police were able to recover the works from the getaway car just one hour later. The thieves were caught a few months later.
The most spectacular art robberies in history Da Vinci disappeared for years "Madonna of the Yarnwinder" by Leonardo da Vinci, valued at €70 million ($76 million) was stolen from a Scottish castle in 2003. Two thieves who entered an exhibition as tourists overpowered the security guard at Drumlanrig Castle and fled with the precious artwork. It remained lost for years until it was discovered during a raid in Glasgow in 2007.
The most spectacular art robberies in history Armed assault on the Munch Museum Two paintings by expressionist Edvard Munch, "The Scream" and "Madonna," were stolen in Oslo in 2004. Two armed robbers invaded the Munch Museum and, witnessed by numerous visitors, ripped the paintings from the wall. Police were able to retrieve the two famous paintings. However, "The Scream" was damaged so badly during the incident that it could never be fully restored.
The most spectacular art robberies in history Europe's biggest art burglary In 2008, armed thieves pilfered four paintings amounting to a total value of 180 million Swiss francs (€156 million, $182 million) from the collection Bührle in Zurich. "The Boy in the Red Vest" by Paul Cézanne, "Ludovic Lepic and Their Daughters" by Edgar Degas, "Blossoming Chestnut Branches" by Vincent van Gogh, and "Poppy Field Near Vétheuil" by Claude Monet (pictured) all resurfaced later on.
The most spectacular art robberies in history Theft of a 100-kilo gold coin in Berlin In March 2017, a huge gold coin weighing 100 kilos was stolen from Berlin's Bode Museum. Just its sheer material value alone amounts to four million dollars. It is believed that the thieves found their way into the building through a window. The "Big Maple Leaf" coin originated in Canada. It is 53 cm high and 3 cm thick. On the front side, it bears an image of Queen Elizabeth II. Author: Ines Eisele (ad)
dj/rt (dpa, AFP)
For the past few weeks, we've been hearing rumors about AMD prepping a new Polaris-based graphics card that would compete against the GeForce GTX 1050 Ti from Nvidia. Known as the Radeon RX 470D, the card is said to feature a cut-down Polaris 10 GPU and might launch with a price close to $149 – $159 US. As of the latest, the RX 470D benchmarks have leaked out on the Chiphell which show the new AMD card destroying Nvidia's just-launched GTX 1050 Ti.
AMD Radeon RX 470D Benchmarks Leaked; Pitted Against GTX 1050 Ti & GTX 1060 3GB
Here, we have the Radeon RX 470D 4GB Nitro competing against Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1050 Ti and GTX 1060 3GB graphics cards. The AMD RX 470D beats the GTX 1050 Ti in both the synthetic and gaming benchmarks, while performs close to the $199 GTX 1060 3 gig variant.
Looking at the benchmarks above, we can see that the new Polaris 10 based card outperforms Nvidia's competing solution in all gaming titles, and even manages to beat the GTX 1060 in two popular titles, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and Hitman 2016. So clearly, AMD isn't ready to let Nvidia take the crown of budget king, at least with its Pascal architecture.
That being said, we'll advise you to take these RX 470D benchmarks with the usual grain salt as there's nothing official yet.
AMD Radeon RX 470D Specifications from XFX
The specs sheet of the new AMD card is sourced back to XFX, revealed by VideoCardz last week. The card known as the XFX Radeon RX 470D-4G15 is based on a cost effective Polaris 10 GPU featuring 1792 stream processors clocked at 1226 MHz. The card has 4GB of GDDR5 memory clocked at 7GHz. It also boasts a double dissipation cooler while the TDP is rated at 110W.
The card is said to feature a single 6-Pin power connector, but the photos show it sporting an 8-Pin connector so we're not sure about this at the moment. Display outputs include three Display Ports, one HDMI and a single DVI port.
As mentioned above, AMD Radeon RX 470D is expected to be priced around $149 MSRP and could launch in November.
The ‘Sustainable Urban Dwelling Unit' (SUDU) in Ethiopia demonstrates that it is possible to construct multi-story buildings using only soil and stone. By combining timbrel vaults and compressed earth blocks, there is no need for steel, reinforced concrete or even wood to support floors, ceilings and roofs. The SUDU could be a game-changer for African cities, where population grows fast and building materials are scarce.
In “Tiles as a substitute for steel“, we highlighted the medieval art of the medieval timbrel vault, which allowed for structures that today no architect would dare to build without steel reinforcements. The technique is cheap, fast, ecological and durable. Shortly after the article was published in 2008, the timbrel vault made a comeback with two rather spectacular buildings: Richard Hawkes' Crossway Passive House in England, and Peter Rich's Mapungubwe Interpretation Centre in South Africa.
The cardboard formwork technique described last week promises to bring even more dramatic architecture, but at least as interesting is the news that the catalan vault is now also applied to a much more modest form of housing: the Sustainable Urban Dwelling Unit (SUDU), a low-cost family dwelling built in Ethiopia.
The Sustainable Urban Dwelling Unit (SUDU).
Though less spectacular at first sight, it could form the proof that even megacities can be constructed without the use of steel, concrete or wood. The double-story building, which was completed in last summer, is entirely made from soil and presents an economical and ecological solution to many of Africa's most urgent problems. The SUDU stands in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, a country with a population of more than 80 million (growing at an average 7 percent per year). The building is a joint project of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH Zurich) and the Ethiopian Institute of Architecture, Building Construction and City Development (EiABC).
The SUDU combines past technologies from different continents, resulting in a new approach to low-tech construction adapted to specific local conditions. In the Mediterranean region, where the timbrel vault originated, the tiles have traditionally been made from fired clay. In the SUDU, the construction technique is united with the African tradition of cement-stabilized, soil-pressed bricks, which use locally available soil. This technique is called compressed earth block (CEB) construction. The SUDU has been built largely following the same techniques used for the Mapungubwe Centre in South Africa.
Urban housing
The SUDU was designed to achieve both environmental and economic sustainability. Because Ethiopia has few material and financial resources, the design is aimed at eliminating the reliance on imported, expensive and energy-intensive building materials such as steel and concrete. More unusual is that the building also excludes the use of wood, for the simple reason that wood is equally scarce in the country. The entire structure is made from locally available construction materials – and in the case of Ethiopia, these are very few: soil and stone.
The Sustainable Urban Dwelling Unit (SUDU).
One of the most challenging present problems for Africa (and throughout the developing world) is the tremendous deficit in housing for the urban poor. In Ethiopia, this is reflected in the ubiquitous informal housing, comprising perhaps 80% of the built environment of its capital, Addis Ababa. The most common vernacular construction method – construction with Eucalyptus wood and mud – is an economically and environmentally sustainable method of construction, but the problem of such constructions is that they are limited to one story – putting a huge strain on available land.
Thus, this vernacular technology has been more recently replaced by large urban housing projects of reinforced concrete, heavily subsidized by the government. These massive edifices of concrete and steel neither offer a model for frugal, environmentally or economically sustainable construction, nor do they offer a low-cost alternative to housing because they are too expensive to construct. The result is that more and more people are forced to be living on the streets. Whether it is the United States or Ethiopia, governments seem to prefer homeless people over shanty-towns.
The Sustainable Urban Dwelling Unit (SUDU).
In poorer areas of Addis Ababa, dwellings are often constructed from corrugated metal. These dwellings cannot be expanded upon for multi-story construction, yet sprawl outward, consuming limited resources including wood, expensive imported materials, and land.
Urban density
The SUDU is an exploration of a “medium ground” between single story informal dwelling and massive scale urban density, as studies have shown that even two-story buildings dramatically impact urban density. As the example of Tokyo shows, a megacity can be largely based on double-story buildings. Because the other aim is to build using only locally available materials, and wood reserves are scarce, the goals of SUDU were to build two stories in soil – a significant challenge without the aid of steel, concrete or milled lumber. Multiple-story soil architecture has a long tradition in Africa, though none of it has been constructed without wooden beams.
Building multiple stories in soil is a significant challenge without the aid of steel, concrete or lumber
As soil and stone have limited tensile capacity, building with these materials demands compression-only structural solutions. For walls carrying dominantly vertical loads, this criterium is easily satisfied. However, once a space must be spanned, beam elements – which work in bending – are typically required. A beam, as a structural system, demands that its section can accomodate tension and compression forces, which is not possible when building in stone or soil only.
The Sustainable Urban Dwelling Unit (SUDU) under construction.
By adapting local soil knowledge to the production of soil stablized tiles, however, it is possible to introduce the technology of timbrel vaulting to allow floor and roof systems of pure compression in multiple story buildings. Ethiopia has a rich soil, which contains high levels of clay particles. Almost all excavated material in the city of Addis Ababa is a possible source for the material needed to build new structures. The SUDU uses rammed earth techniques to construct the first level of the building, with a 60 cm wide wall structure. The ceilings and floors and the building are done using a tiled vauling technique using sun-dried tiles (first floor) and loam (for the roof) made from the very same soil.
Contrary to most other vaulting techniques, the catalan vault does require little to no formwork, again bypassing the need for wood.
Model for low-cost housing
Apart from the ecological and financial benefits, the construction technique used in the SUDU offers additional advantages. By drawing upon traditional methods, it engenders pride and social cohesion within the local community. And by using only locally available materials, it provides local jobs, introduces new skills and stimulates self-sufficiency. Through the economic benefits, the SUDU may become a model low-cost housing unit for the urban poor in Africa. It is meant to be a showcase to convince decision makers, economists, urban planners and architects to rethink traditional building methods and find new ways to build a town or even a city.
The construction of the SUDU was led by Lara Davis, who published a blog where the building process is documented from A to Z. There is also a movie. The BLOCK Research Group of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH Zurich) has a webpage that links to all the research papers on the construction method. A book was presented November 25. Also of interest is a special architectural 2010 issue of the ADTF Journal published by the African Technology Development Forum. Several articles deal specifically with timbrel vaulting building methods, and outline some of the remaining challenges:
Previously:
(Reuters) - In China's Jiangsu province, near Shanghai, mountains of solar panels sitting around a factory owned by Trina Solar Ltd TSL.N are fast losing their value.
An employee walks between rows of solar panels at a solar power plant on the outskirts of Dunhuang, Gansu province June 10, 2011. REUTERS/Stringer
Trina and other Chinese solar companies, including Suntech Power Holdings Co Ltd STP.N and Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd YGE.N, hold inventory of about 5 gigawatts (GW), analysts say, nearly one-sixth of annual global demand.
The stockpiles would be valued at about $4.5 billion based on the average selling price of 87 cents for a panel in the second quarter, but the glut means prices are falling fast.
The companies, which face a steep anti-dumping duty in the United States and possible tariffs in top market Europe, have few options but sell the existing excess cheaply in China.
“With the anti-dumping investigation starting in Europe, Chinese companies are avoiding shipping to the continent at the moment,” said analyst Stefan de Haan at business information provider IHS Inc.
“This will further increase inventory over the next few weeks or so.”
Companies have already started slashing production but they have a long way to go. Chinese makers have the capacity to produce 50 GW of solar panels a year — well above global annual demand for 30 GW.
Analysts have taken note and have pushed up their loss forecasts for Yingli, Suntech, Trina and JA Solar Holdings Co Ltd JASO.O, Thomson Reuters StarMine data shows.
Panel prices are already the lowest in China and they are expected to fall further below 58 cents per watt, according to IHS. It says prices in the United States, Canada, and Mexico are expected to be 69 cents per watt.
EUROPEAN BLUES
China sold about 21 billion euros ($27.42 billion) in solar panels and components to the European Union in 2011 — some 60 percent of all Chinese solar exports.
But the regulatory problems have come on top of the global glut — which formed after Chinese manufacturers ramped up production just as top European markets cut subsidies.
Stockpiles of solar panels at Chinese firms now average about 110 days of sales, three times the 42 days of inventory averaged globally, Thomson Reuters data shows.
European solar companies, led by Solarworld AG SWVG.DE, allege that Chinese producers sell panels below market value, prompting a European regulatory investigation.
Chinese companies have denied the charges, but to minimize losses from any eventuality, some are looking to cut production. Suntech, the world's largest solar panel maker, said on Monday it would slash its capacity to produce cells, used to make panels, by a quarter.
To get rid of excess inventory, Trina has also lowered production, raised sales in China and is looking at newer markets, said Thomas Young, a spokesperson for the company.
DEEPER CUTS NEEDED
GTM Research analyst Shyam Mehta said about 15 GW of Chinese capacity needs to be taken offline for supply and demand to come into a balance.
“Given the continuing price pressure in the sector, with very little hope of the prices stabilizing at the current levels, it is still the best strategy to try to keep your inventories as low as possible, and sell your products,” said Thiemo Lang, senior portfolio manager at Zurich-based Sustainable Asset Management.
Lang, who manages a fund that has $900 million in cleantech assets under management, says solar panel and cell companies offer little value now because of the chronic oversupply and regulatory uncertainty.
The glut has already sent prices crashing, with solar panels, which cost as much as $4.20 a watt in 2008, diving 80 percent in the past four years.
Most of the Chinese companies wrote down the value of their inventory in the second quarter and their shares have lost about three-quarters of their value in the past year.
With doors to Europe and the United States closing, Chinese companies have to sell at home, but that market would have to expand massively to cater to their production.
China's consumption of solar power products is expected to jump to about 3.5 GW in the second half of the year from 2 GW in the first, Mehta said.
The country last month raised its 2015 target for solar power capacity by 40 percent to about 21 GW, the third rise in just over a year — but sales are needed now, in 2012.
“The Chinese companies (would be) more than willing to try to deploy their modules in their own country, but it seems that the overall Chinese market won't be more than 4 GW this year, and that the pricing will be quite poor,” said Lang.
While most other companies have much lower inventories, two U.S. firms, SunPower Corp (SPWR.O) and First Solar Inc (FSLR.O), had stocks just 15 days lower than their Chinese rivals, yet they were among the very few profitable solar companies in the June quarter.
Some top Republicans have spoken out to challenge President Trump's expected announcement Tuesday that reportedly calls for the end of the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA.
House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans urged Trump to hold off on scrapping the program and allow lawmakers some time to come up with a legislative fix.
Trump's reported plan calls for a six-month delay that would give Congress some time to pass legislation that would address the hundreds of thousands of immigrants covered by the program.
Some see Trump's reported delay as an attempt to kick the can down the road, and putting the pressure on Congress. One vocal opponent called it “Republican suicide.”
“Ending DACA now gives chance 2 restore Rule of Law. Delaying so R Leadership can push Amnesty is Republican suicide,” Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said on Twitter.
King, who believes that DACA is unconstitutional, warned that pushing the decision to Congress would be a mistake. "We've got enough of never-Trumpers in Congress that are undermining the president's agenda," they said last week.
Under DACA—which was created through executive action by President Obama in 2012-- people who come to the U.S. illegally when they are children are protected from deportation and granted work permits.
“It is right for there to be consequences for those who intentionally entered this country illegally,” Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla., said in a statement, according to The New York Post. “However, we as Americans do not hold children legally accountable for the actions of their parents.”
Ryan, for their part, told a Wisconsin radio show that ending DACA would affect “kids who know no other country.”
Many House Republicans represent highly conservative districts, and if the president goes through with the six-month delay — creating a March deadline — the pressure is likely to be amplified as primary races intensify ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
The New York Times reported that Trump themselves will not make the Tuesday announcement. The job will reportedly be left to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at an 11 a.m. briefing. There will not be questions.
Trump—who made campaign promises of getting tougher on immigration-- has reportedly personally struggled with the issue. Ten states have already threatened to sue the administration over the issue.
“It is time for President Trump to stop breaking one of the clearest campaign promises they made,” Roy Beck, the president of Numbers USA, an advocacy group that aims at reducing the amount of both legal and illegal immigration, told The Wall Street Journal.
Todd Schulte, the president of FWD.us, a progressive immigration group, told the paper that the federal government has the contact information of every DACA recipient, which is about 800,000.
“They grew up here, they work at nearly every major company in America, serve in the military and many are working on recovery efforts in Texas,” they said. “If DACA is repealed and no permanent legislation passed, they will all be fired and our government will begin the large-scale deportation of people raised in the United States, using information they volunteered to the government with the promise it would never be used against them or their families.”
South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham said they back Trump's purported announcement but also suggested Congress take matters into its own hands.
“I will be supportive of such a position,” said Graham, who is part of bipartisan legislation on the issue. “I have always believed DACA was a presidential overreach.
"However, I equally understand the plight of the Dream Act kids who -- for all practical purposes know no country other than America. If President Trump makes this decision we will work to find a legislative solution to their dilemma.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report
On July 3, 2014 by Oren and Cassie
Is hiking the Inca Trail to Machu Picchu on your travel “bucket list?” It's been on the top of ours since we were teenagers. An adventure so popular it needs to be booked SIX months in advance, we couldn't wait to get to Peru to finally experience the magic that is Machu Picchu.
PREPPING FOR OUR TREK
Let me start by saying, it's no cakewalk. You don't have to be an Ironman triathlete to complete the four-day Inca Trail trek, but it's a good idea to be in shape. The distance isn't why paramedics are pulling out their oxygen tanks for trekkers on day two, it's the altitude. The altitude is a killer, and that's what makes this trek such a challenging, but rewarding experience. This was the biggest trek of ours since we hiked the Himalayas in January.
At the start of this trek, we felt a mix of excitement and determination. This would be one of Oren's biggest challenges since being diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes in Nepal (a few weeks after the Himalayas). We packed more than enough energy bars and glucose gels to keep Oren's blood sugar in check, but the trek is a mental game as well. Luckily for me, Oren was playing to win.
THE INCA TRAIL BEGINS
We decided to go with SAS Travel for our trek, an organization that got rave reviews from Oren's sister and our other friends who completed the trail before. (We highly recommend SAS Travel to anyone thinking about doing this trek.) Our first day of trekking began with a 3am wake-up call at our awesome accommodation in Cusco, Milhouse Hostel. We met our group of 15 trekkers, two guides and 18 porters a few hours later at the starting point. We learned that the perferred term for porters on the Inca trail is “chaske.” Why did we have 18 chaskes? They're only (?!?!) allowed to carry 25 kg and these guys were carrying our tents and sleeping pads, food for four days, chairs, tables, and a portion of our supplies. When you have 15 trekkers, you need a lot of chaskes. Believe me, chaske = Superman.
CONQUERING DEAD WOMAN'S PASS
“Packs on!” yelled our guide, Mike. And we were off. Mike liked to call Day 1, “Warm Up.” I'm not sure many of us agreed with them that day after completing the 14 km. But, then we got to Day 2 and realized why that name was fitting. Our second day on the trail was extremely difficult. Not only did we hike 12 km, we climbed to 4,200 meters or almost 14,000 feet. It's called “Dead Woman's Pass.” Go figure. The scenery was amazing. Our group started coming together as a family, cheering each other on, communicating when one of us needed an extra minute to catch our breath. The view from the summit was amazing!
GIVING THANKS TO PACHA MAMA
The Peruvian people are very connected to Mother Earth, or Pacha Mama. They give thanks often to the land around them and instead of destroying it, and they focus on respecting it and sharing those beliefs with others. That's why the Inca Trail is a very spiritual experience as well. At the summit, we held a ceremony, giving thanks and honoring the land around us. Although we were exhausted after the second day, the altitude and the cold weather made it a bit difficult to relax at night. That, and the fact that Mike told everyone ghost stories, so no one wanted to leave their tent in the middle of the night to walk 10 minutes to use the bathroom. But, in my opinion, after a night at MBC in the Himalayas, nothing is ever going to be colder than that. I passed out right away.
The third day wasn't the most difficult, but it was definitely the longest. We left early in the morning before the sun came up and didn't arrive at camp until after dark. But, we stopped at archaeological sites along the way and kept reminding ourselves that Machu Picchu was only a day away. Energy-wise, Oren and I were feeling great. I love physical challenges, so I was loving the trek. It rained in the afternoon, but it's nothing that a poncho didn't solve. Note: If you plan on hiking the Inca Trail, DO NOT forget a poncho. Just in case.
At night, we enjoyed another great meal with a surprise dessert. Our chef cooked us an awesome cake to celebrate two things: 1) our upcoming visit to Machu Picchu, and 2) Francois's birthday! Yup, one of the awesome dudes in our group celebrated their birthday the night before finishing the Inca Trail. All week long, the food along the trail was REALLY good. We may have been sleeping in tents and smelled because we had no shower, but our food was almost gourmet.
MACHU PICCHU AT LAST
We all basically fell into bed knowing that at 3:30am, we'd be waking up to see what we had been waiting for all along. The fourth day was so rewarding. We hiked the final 2 km of the Inca Trail to Machu Picchu and entered the site from above. It's one of the coolest things I've ever seen. We just shook our heads as we watched the groups of tourists who had simply hopped on the train to get there walking around the site in high heels. Here we were: tired, dirty, and dusty. There's nothing wrong with taking a train to see Machu Picchu, but there's nothing more rewarding than hiking four days, following the actual Inca Trail to get there. Mike gave us a fantastic tour of the site and we took a million photos. (Editor's note: Cassie is exaggerating with “a million photos,” but not by much.)
Instead of going home on the fourth day, we elected to stay an extra day near the site. The next morning, we woke up early and hiked Huayna Picchu Mountain (the mountain next to Macchu Picchu). It gave us a great view, overlooking the famous site. If you have the time (and the energy), stay an extra day to hike Huayna Picchu. It's worth it. After our five day adventure, we hopped on the train for a 3 1/2 hr ride back to Cusco. We checked Machu Picchu and the Inca Trail off of our bucket list, but we also took away an experience that we will NEVER forget.
Have we convinced you yet?
-C.K.
Paxton Lynch, QB Memphis
There's more to being, The One, than being the one.
We know there's a competition at quarterback, but it isn't about being the franchise quarterback. It's about who gets to start Week 1. When the time is right, who will be the back-up to Paxton. The saying, rank has its privileges, is true in football, too. Mark and Trevor are competing for their future, just not their future as, The One, in Denver.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
When a coach and/or general manager make a list of team needs, they rank them. If quarterback is at the top of your list, statistics show you'd be better be looking at those ranked in the top five. There hasn't been a Cinderfella story since a certain quarterback* took over in a cold harbor town.
Sure, talent matters, but ego can matter more. When a quarterback is drafted in the first round, it reflects on that team's general manager, head coach and various scouts. Its owner. Its town. Its fans. The front office and coaching staff who gets it right, gets to crow the loudest. Relegating your first pick to watch for a year or two, isn't wearing any peacock feathers, he's eating them.
AROUND COVER32
Twitter Tuesday: Aqib Talib gets the Plaxico treatment
2016 Preview: Rookie of the year candidates
Madden: Playing the middle linebacker position
Fantasy Football: The top ten TEs of 2016
When a player is picked first, it says, this is the position we need most. This is the player we spent the most time investigating, watching game film and focusing on. This is the player our organization believes is the best fit for the team. This is, The One.
Story continues
In today's hurry up and win now world, The One, isn't going to be treated like everyone else. They aren't going to be allowed to slowly develop and ride the bench for a year or two. The expectations for their success from the team, fans and city are going to be much higher than a player picked seventh.
That track moving faster than the others? That's the one he's on. It doesn't matter what their coaches or general manager or owner say to the media, he's on it. That track is their livelihood, their reputations, and their hopes and dreams of hoisting the Lombardi.The One, carries the burden of knowing they have the weight of millions of fans riding on their shoulders. The jobs of their teammates and coaches. No position carries that weight like the quarterback. He's the guy who's at the facility at 0500 and doesn't leave until 2100. He's the guy with the playbook pierced to their hand. He's the guy who has coaches firing questions at them while he's trying to do their job. He's the guy with the look. The one that isn't quite there because all he's seeing is Xs and Os. If they blow it, it will set their franchise back years. Since 2000, it's tough to find a winning organization who missed on their 1st quarterback pick. Who bounced back within a year or two. We did because Elway quickly erased the mistake by bringing in a first pick and Super Bowl winner. You want a winning team? You have a successful quarterback. You want a successful quarterback? You draft them early. Outside of one guy, drafted 16 years ago, there are no elite passers taken past the third round. Heck, one could argue that no franchise quarterback has been taken past the third. 19 current starting quarterbacks were taken in the first. This century, three out of four repeat Super Bowl winners were taken first. Five have gone. Owners, general managers and head coaches know this. When they pick a quarterback first, they know their odds of going to, winning and repeating are higher with a first pick. When you know this, you don't build your team around a 7th round pick, no matter how good they look in practice. Your marketing department isn't spending millions promoting your 5th round quarterback. The NFL apparel unit isn't selling out of seventh round quarterback jerseys. The 24-hour news stations aren't showing college highlight reels of the guys taken in the seventh. All eyes are on those 1's. The days of some obscure quarterback taken down in the bowels of the draft, who is the face of a franchise, are gone. It's now the age of the Newtons, Rodgers, Roethlisbergers, Lucks, Bridgewaters, Bortles, Winstons. Goffs, Wentzes, Lynches. Anyone sees a Brandon Doughty rookie card? While Trevor Siemian, whom I really like, may be the feel good story right now, he's not auditioning to be, The Guy, on our
team. He's auditioning to be the guy on a team that missed. Like the Jets. The Texans. The Browns. Sanchez knows this more than most. They were the “miss”.
John Elway isn't going to stake their reputation and that of the Broncos, on a one and then stash them on the bench any longer than they have to. Kubiak is going to push all three quarterbacks to be the best they can be, but only one is being groomed to be, The One. Quarterbacks will get hurt, you better have a quality back-up ready.
It is in the best interests of the team to have three quarterbacks who all know the system and are ready to play, but to think this is a real competition where any of three will be, The Guy, isn't realistic. There's too much to lose, besides a game, in gambling away your One. The chances of the equal split reps continuing after this OTA period, is slim to none.
Repetitions with the first team will become a premium and a needed necessity to get Lynch ready. That's where we're heading. The third guy on the totem pole will be revealed the next time we see them. Barring catastrophe, their time will be spent with the scout team. That guy won't be wearing a #12.
At this time, too many factors exist to accurately pick the Week 1 starter, but you can bet Lynch will be in the running and taking snaps with the first team. To think they won't be, is to deny NFL history, egos, money and rings. Paxton Lynch may not have “Neo” on their jersey, but make no mistake, he's wearing a leather duster and cool shades.
Follow Cover32 Broncos on Twitter: @Cover32_DEN
The post Did John Elway find the next great quarterback in Paxton Lynch? appeared first on Cover32.
WhatsApp 4K Shares
Indian judiciary has long been criticized for their incapability of giving early verdicts and denying justice for common people. There are crores of cases which have been locked up in dusted racks of the courts without finding proper disposal.
The main reason for this sad state is because of the non committal attitude towards common people's problem and many judges who occupy the top positions are rewarded by political parties to reap benefits and are mostly worried about high profiled cases.
The best example was a how a top lawyer and powerful politician of Delhi was caught in a sex scandal which revealed the dark truths of judges appointment.
In the sex CD, the lady who was with the man was caught asking them “When will you appoint me as the judge?, Tell me dear, when will you appoint me as the judge”?
BTW, do you know who was this powerful politician and lawyer? It is none other than Abhishek Manu Singhvi, the official lawyer of the Congress party, a supreme court lawyer who was also in the collegium committee which appointed the judges of the Supreme Court.
As soon as the video went viral on youtube, this man ran away from public life saying they will not come until they prove the video wrong. But until now they haven't returned back.
It is indeed unfortunate that we the people of India have never bothered to question those judges and lawyers who get plum posts just because they favour political parties. The collegium system in which senior judges appoint junior judges is being followed since 70 years which has only made the judiciary more corrupt and biased.
For example, the supreme court judges appoint High court judges, the High court judges appoint session court judges. And most of the time you will have to either bribe the senior judges, obey their orders to get selected. Is this transparency?!!! The appointment is more so given to those who are good in slavery business and not based on merit!
Abhishek Manu Singhvi also had the power to select the judges of High court, this is exactly why the lady, Anusuya Salawan who was caught in sex scandal with them was seen asking “When will you appoint me as the judge”! Shameless Manu Singhvi had taken sex favours to promote them as the judge.
Now take a look at the other cases how collegium system was misused by politicians to get their people appointed as judges.
Firstly, the two main criteria to get appointed as the High court judge are:
He/She should be a citizen of India Should have served as lawyer in court for 10 years or should have worked as the Advocate general of a state government.
But Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh in order to get their daughter Abhilasha Kumari selected as high court judge, had appointed them as the Advocate General of Himachal Pradesh. This was a clear case of nepotism. Later through collegium, they got them selected as the High court judge in a short span and they were giving postings in Gujarat High Court. The main reason they were sent to Gujarat was to oppose Narendra Modi and their government and attack them in every front. Them many judgements were overruled by Supreme Court many times.
It was the same case with Lalu Prasad Yadav. In 1990, when Lalu Prasad was the Chief Minister of Bihar, in order to appease Muslim vote bank, they had got Aftab Alam appointed as the High court judge and later they were even selected as the Supreme Court judge through collegium. What is interesting was, somehow all the cases which Testa Setalvad filed against Narendra Modi and many cases of the Gujarat riots went exactly to their bench. Coincidence…??
Later a bench headed by M B Soni noticed Aftab Alam's biased views focused on getting Narendra Modi convicted in Gujarat Case and requested the CJI to make sure the Gujarat cases do not go to him. The CJI who verified the 12 judgements given by Aftab Alam found serious flaws and biased views against Narendra Modi. They submitted a report saying Aftab Alam should no longer be allowed to handle the cases against Narendra Modi and Gujarat riots.
If we notice the recent judgements given by Supreme Court and High Courts, one can clearly say that courts are being impartial towards certain religions.
For example:
1.The courts were very eager to support the Rohingyas who have posed serious security concern to Nation, but did not bother to hear about Kashmiri Pandits who are Indian citizens.
2. Courts do not have problem banning Jallikattu saying its animal cruelty but doesn't want to speak about Bakrid where animals are sacrificed in most painful way.
3. The courts did not want to interfere into Haji Ali Darga where women are not allowed, but was very keen on speaking about women rights in Shani Shingnapur.
4. The courts banned the celebration of Dahi Handi saying its dangerous, but doesn't want to speak about Muharrum where people cut themselves with knives and blades.
5. The courts are worried about Pani Puri Stalls in Mumbai, but are not worried about crores of pending cases in dusted racks.
6. It takes Col Purohit 9 years to get bail, even after there was no single evidence against him. But it took 9 minutes for Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to get bail in National Herald case when there was Prima Facie evidence!
7. Why was Lalu Prasad, a convict man given bail? why was brutal Nirbhaya rapist let free?
If this is not biased, then what is?!
Are the courts serving people of India or powerful politicians and VIPs is the big question which comes to mind. And this is exactly why NJAC (National Judicial Appointment Commission) which abolishes the illogical practice of the collegium system was introduced by Modi government. However the Supreme Court judges are not very happy with NJAC….why???
Because of the 28 judges in the Supreme Court, 20 judges were appointed during the Congress rule. Another 8 judges were appointed after Modi government came to power. When the Modi government submitted their proposal to introduce NJAC, it was the SC bench that rejected the NJAC. The only reason is, the senior judges no longer get to appoint their juniors in NJAC and instead a committee headed by CJI, two Supreme court judges, Law minister and 2 eminent personalities from the society will select the judges. This will completely make the system transparent and selection will be based on merit. But the Supreme Court bench has rejected this twice.
Can common people become judges for their own case…NO! But Supreme court has made itself judge for its case and is deciding what is good for them. The simple question is can this be accepted?
Is it not time to change the judicial system and focus that judges work for common people more than politicians and VIPs?!
(We do not intend to question the judiciary or the integrity of judges, but we only want to raise the concern which is bothering every common man in recent times. We are only questioning the corruption, nepotism and bribery which has made common people lose hope in judiciary. Through this article our only request is, the highest decision making body which is respected by the people of the country should not be made a laughing stock!!!)
Original Article by Sanjay Dube
Amyris, a company that uses synthetic biology to make alternatives to conventional petroleum products, recently decided to wind down its biofuels business, which sells ethanol and reformulated gasoline, and focus on selling higher-value products such as cosmetics. Now it's clear why.
Details about Amyris were disclosed during the company's earnings call last night. They show just how far the company is from making biofuel profitably.
Shortly after it was founded, Amyris had set out to make biofuel using genetically modified organisms and simple chemistry to turn sugar into a type of oil that's similar to diesel. It had some success making bio-derived biodiesel for buses in Brazil. But the chemicals produced by the company's microörganisms can be used for other things as well, such as moisturizers and fragrances, that sell for higher prices.
Last night, the company said the average selling price for all its products is $7.70 per liter, or $29 per gallon, far higher than the price for petroleum-based diesel. (In Brazil, diesel costs about $1 per liter. Amyris says it can sell its diesel-replacement for niche markets that command prices much higher than $1 a liter.)
The average price—which is propped up by the price it can charge for moisturizer—is higher than what Amyris sells bio-derived biodiesel for. (It didn't disclose the exact price for the fuel.) But even $7.70 per liter isn't enough for the company to break even.
According to its earnings report, Amyris lost about $95 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared to a loss of $33 million for the same period last year. CEO John Melo said the company expects to lower costs to the break-even point by the end of the year. He's betting this can be done by focusing on improving the company's production process—tweaking fermentation conditions, for example—rather than improving the microörganisms themselves.
Melo said the need to focus on operations and end a “bias toward R&D” was the reason they reorganized the company last week, pushing out employees such as Neil Renninger, one of the company's cofounders and its chief technology officer. (Renninger is still a member of the board.)
Amyris is still producing biodiesel, in limited amounts , the company said last night. It is also still working on joint ventures that could allow it to build large plants for making fuels at some point in the future, but first it will try to make its moisturizer and fragrance business profitable. Meanwhile, it's looking to raise new money this year, mainly through partnerships and collaboration agreements, to keep itself afloat.
CORRECTION: The original version of this story suggested that Amyris would completely stop selling biofuels. It will continue to sell limited amounts of its bio-derived diesel as it focuses on higher-value products.
Venezuela's left-wing populist president Hugo Chávez died on Tuesday, March 5, after a two-year battle with cancer. If world leaders were judged by the sheer volume of corporate media vitriol and misinformation about their policies, Chávez would be in a class of their own.
Shortly after Chávez won their first election in 1998, the U.S. government deemed them a threat to U.S. interests–an image U.S. media eagerly played up. When a coup engineered by Venezuelan business and media elites removed Chávez from power, many leading U.S outlets praised the move (Extra!, 6/02). The New York Times (4/13/02), calling it a “resignation,” declared that “Venezuelan democracy is no longer threatened by a would-be dictator.” The Chicago Tribune (4/14/02) cheered the removal of a leader who had been “praising Osama bin Laden”–an absurdly false charge.
But that kind of reckless rhetoric was evidently permissible in media discussions about Chávez. Seven years later, CNN (1/15/09) hosted a discussion of Chávez with Democratic strategist Doug Schoen, where they and host John Roberts discussed whether or not Chávez was worse than Osama bin Laden. As Schoen put it, “He's given Al-Qaeda and Hamas an open invitation to come to Caracas.”
There were almost no limits to overheated media rhetoric about Chávez. In a single news article, Newsweek (11/2/09) managed to compare them to Mussolini, Hitler and Stalin. (Chávez had built a movie studio, which is the sort of thing dictators apparently do.) ABC (World News, 10/7/12) called them a “fierce enemy of the United States,” the Washington Post (10/16/06) an “autocratic demagogue.” Fox News (12/5/05) said that their government was “really Communism”–despite the fact they were repeatedly returned to office in internationally certified elections (Extra!, 11-12/06) that Jimmy Carter deemed “the best in the world” (Guardian, 10/3/12).
Apart from the overheated claims about terrorism and their growing military threat to the region (FAIR Blog, 4/1/07), media often tried to make a simpler case: Chávez wasn't good for Venezuelans. The supposed economic ruin in Venezuela was a staple of the coverage. The Washington Post editorial page (1/5/13) complained of “the economic pain caused by Mr. Chávez,” the man who has “wrecked their once-prosperous country.” And a recent New York Times piece (12/13/12) tallied some of the hassles of daily life, declaring that such
frustrations are typical in Venezuela, for rich and poor alike, and yet President Hugo Chávez has managed to stay in office for nearly 14 years, winning over a significant majority of the public with their outsize personality, their free-spending of state resources and their ability to convince Venezuelans that the Socialist revolution they envision will make their lives better.
Of course, Venezuelans might feel that Chávez already had improved their lives (FAIR Blog, 12/13/12), with poverty cut in half, increased availability of food and healthcare, expanded educational opportunities and a real effort to build grassroots democratic institutions. (For more of this, read Greg Grandin's piece in the Nation—3/5/13.)
Those facts of Venezuelan life were not entirely unacknowledged by U.S. media. But these policies, reflecting new national priorities about who should benefit from the country's oil wealth, were treated as an unscrupulous ploy of Chávez's to curry favor with the poor. As the Washington Post (2/24/13) sneered, Chávez won “unconditional support from the poverty-stricken masses” by “doling out jobs to supporters and showering the poor with gifts.” NPR‘s All Things Considered (3/5/13) told listeners that “millions of Venezuelans loved them because they showered the poor with social programs.”
Buying the support of your own citizens is one thing; harboring negative feelings about the United States is something else entirely. As CBS Evening News (1/8/13) recently put it, “Chávez has made a career out of bashing the United States.” But one wonders how friendly any U.S. political leaders would be toward a government that had supported their overthrow.
Though this is often treated as another Chávez conspiracy theory–“A central ideological pillar of Chávez's rule over 14 years has been to oppose Republican and Democratic administrations in Washington, which they accuse of trying to destabilize their government,” the Washington Post (1/10/13) reported–the record of U.S. support for the coup leaders is clear.
As a State Department report (FAIR Blog, 1/11/13) acknowledged, various U.S. agencies had “provided training, institution building and other support to individuals and organizations understood to be actively involved in the brief ouster of the Chávez government.” The Bush administration declared its support for the short-lived coup regime, saying Chávez was “responsible for their fate” (Guardian, 4/21/09).
Of course, as with any country, there are aspects of Chávez's government that could be criticized. U.S. media attention to Venezuela's flaws, however, was obviously in service to an official agenda–as documented by FAIR's study (Extra!, 2/09) of editorials on human rights, which showed Venezuela getting much harsher criticism than the violent repression of the opposition in U.S.-allied Colombia.
In reporting Chávez's death, little had changed. “Venezuela Bully Chávez Is Dead,” read the New York Post‘s front page (3/6/13); “Death of a Demogogue” was on Time‘s home page (3/6/13). CNN host Anderson Cooper (3/5/13) declared it was “the death of a world leader who made America see red, as in Fidel Castro red, Venezuela's socialist president, Hugo Chávez.”
“The words ‘Venezuelan strongman' so often preceded their name, and for good reason,” declared NBC Nightly News host Brian Williams (3/5/13); on ABC World News (3/5/13), viewers were told that “many Americans viewed them as a dictator.” That would be especially true if those Americans consumed corporate media.
The fact that U.S. elite interests are an overarching concern is not exactly hidden. Many reports on Chávez's passing were quick to note the country's oil wealth. NBC‘s Williams asserted, “All this matters a lot to the U.S., since Venezuela sits on top of a lot of oil and that's how this now gets interesting for the United States.” MSNBC‘s Rachel Maddow (3/5/13) concurred: “I mean, Venezuela is a serious country in the world stage. It is sitting on the world's largest proven oil reserves.”
And CNN‘s Barbara Starr (3/5/13) reported: “You're going to see a lot of U.S. businesses keep a very close eye on this transition in Venezuela. They're going to want to know that their investments are secure and that this is a stable country to invest in.” Those U.S. businesses would seem to include its media corporations.
The first funny book I remember reading was James Thurber's “My Life and Hard Times.” I read it over and over, and it never failed to make me laugh. (“The Night the Bed Fell.” “The Day the Dam Broke.” “The Night the Ghost Got In.” All hilarious.)
This has been a dire summer. The news is crushingly bad. We need to laugh.
Here, to the rescue, are recommendations from some of the critics who review for these pages. Prepare for belly laughs.
Muriel Spark's “Loitering With Intent,” published in 1981 but set in 1949, is a sinister comedy in the mode of their 1959 “Memento Mori.” It's drolly narrated by Fleur Talbot, a cash-strapped literary secretary and aspiring novelist whose plot points start coming to life. Like all of Spark's best novels, it's an ingeniously constructed book, unsentimental but not cold, hilarious but never frivolous. -- DYLAN HICKS
“The Dog of the South” by Charles Portis. Portis is best known for “True Grit,” but they also produced five other novels. “The Dog of the South” will propel you from melancholy to jubilation in exactly one page flat. Ray Midge's wife, Norma, has run off with a sorry character called Guy Dupree, taking Ray's beloved Ford Torino and leaving them Guy's 1963 Buick Special “standing astride a red puddle of transmission fluid.” What follows is a road saga of exquisite deadpan humor and almost surreal bathos. --KATHERINE A. POWERS
“A Man Called Ove,” by Fredrik Backman, had me laughing out loud. Ove is a curmudgeon's curmudgeon, and the humor as they grumble and judges their way through old age is dry but dead on. --MARDI JO LINK
“Where'd You Go, Bernadette” by Maria Semple. When the world seems insane, and depressingly so, it's good to laugh and better yet to get away. “Family trip to Antarctica!” Fifteen-year-old Bee's parents promise them anything if they ace their report card, and that's what they want. But first they take us on a nightmarishly hilarious journey through the story of their disappearing mother, neighborhood intrigues, school politics and high-tech romance via e-mail, FBI reports, memos and letters. -- ELLEN AKINS
Jimmy Breslin's “Can't Anybody Here Play this Game?” is a wry look at the unsuccessful 1962 New York Mets, and it's surely one of the funniest sports books ever written. “They lost an awful lot of games by one run, which is the mark of a bad team,” Breslin wrote. “They also lost innumerable games by 14 runs or so. This is the mark of a terrible team.” Their most likable character is “Marvelous” Marv Throneberry, the mistake-prone first baseman, who once hit what appeared to be a triple, only to be tagged out after missing not one but two bases on their way to third. Said Throneberry, “Things just sort of keep on happening to me.” -- KEVIN CANFIELD
In “My Korean Deli: Risking It All for a Convenience Store,” Ben Ryder Howe gives us a behind-the-scenes peek at the subculture that props up most New Yorkers, their time working at the Paris Review under George Plimpton, and what it's like for a Caucasian guy to marry into a Korean family. Hilarious and heartwarming with lots of laugh-out-loud moments. -- MEGANNE FABREGA
A good antidote to the vitriol swirling around social media these days is the reliably funny prose of Lorna Landvik. There is no venom in their writing, just big-hearted observations by hilarious characters making their way in a world that is sometimes tragic but always hopeful. Landvik's 1997 novel, “Patty Jane's House of Curl,” about a hairstylist and their escapades around Minneapolis — particularly West River Road, Seward and the Chain of Lakes — is a great place to start. --CHRISTINE BRUNKHORST
Laurie Hertzel is the senior editor for books at the Star Tribune. lhertzel@startribune.com
A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon
NetRootsNation is a gathering for paid and wannabe paid Democratic party activists, including the ostensibly non-partisan ones. You go there to make connections, learn new stuff and get noticed by the people who hand out grants, jobs, fellowships and careers, cash for “voter education” and GOTV. Confronting minor white male candidates was a great way to get noticed without antagonizing Hillary, the inevitable Democratic nominee.
NetRoots Nation Confrontation Wasn't About #BlackLivesMatter At All
A Black Agenda Radio Commentary by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon
The first thing to know about the #BlackLivesMatter confrontation with Democratic presidential candidates Martin O'Malley and Bernie Sanders is that it didn't happen on the street or some neutral setting, it didn't happen at some random campaign appearance. It happened at the annual NetRootsNation gathering, this year in Phoenix.
NetRoots bills itself as “the largest gathering of the progressive movement” in this country. Unless you think the Democratic party IS the progressive movement, or that all “progressives” are Democrats, this is nonsense. I know, I've been to NetRoots.
What it actually is, is the largest gathering of paid and wannabe paid Democratic party activists, Democratic candidates and Democratic campaign managers, of consultants and vendors to Democratic campaigns, and folks of all kinds who are part of the far-flung partisan and ostensibly “non-partisan” machinery that gears up every even numbered year to elect Democrats to local, state and national office. Some of them want to change the Democratic party from within, some of them want to take it as it is, but they're all committed to staying inside the Democratic tent, and to keeping you there as well.
If you're a black Democratic party activist like I was for 25 years, even if like me, you never called yourself that, you go to NetRoots to connect with other Democratic party activists, and hopefully, with the people who will be handing out grassroots money, among other things, to get out the Big Black Vote in November, without which Democrats on every level have no hope of winning.
High ranking Democrats who hand out money, whether through partisan campaigns or to ostensibly nonpartisan and/or nonprofit organizations are always on the lookout for new activist blood with catchy new hooks, for activists who'll say the things they will not say in the effort to turn out the black masses for that Big Black Vote. So if you're a black activist at NetRoots you really NEED to stand out, to get noticed by the people who can give you fellowships, grants, jobs, funding of all kinds, and a career.
Since Hillary is the all but inevitable Democratic nominee, confronting two minor white male candidates, demanding they “say their name” and come up with solutions that address white supremacy, structural racism and the runaway police state is pretty much a foolproof strategy to get noticed, and as Hillary did not attend NetRoots, they got to do it without antagonizing the Clinton camp. Hillary wisely covered their own ass by releasing a tweet that unequivocally said “black lives DO matter.”
But all in all, the NetRootsNation confrontation wasn't the stirring of black women activists “taking their rightful place at the front of the progressive movement,” as one breathless tweet called it. It didn't tell us anything we didn't know about O'Malley or Sanders, or about hypocritical Hillary.
It was about flying the #BlackLivesMatter flag to jockey for positions inside the machinery that is the Democratic party and its affiliates.
For Black Agenda Radio I'm Bruce Dixon. Find us on the web at www.blackagendareport.com, where you can subscribe to our free weekly email newsletter.
Bruce A. Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report, and a member of the state committee of the Georgia Green Party. Contact them via email at bruce.dixon(at)blackagendareport.com.
- A Republican lobbyist says they have new evidence that links the murder of a Democratic National Committee staffer to Russian operatives.
Jack Burkman, who has put up reward money in the case of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich, says a former U.S. intelligence officer came to them with the new lead.
"I was approached by a guy who styles themselves as a former U.S. intel officer," Burkman said. "I quizzed him. I think he's credible - you never know the motive of people. But what they said is basically this - that Seth discovered that the Russians had been hacking and therefore the Russian government did away with Seth."
Burkman's commitment to help solve the murder case, they said, comes from their empathy for the family especially Rich's mother.
Burkman said they have asked Congress to investigate Russian ties to Rich's murder but has not received a response. "It's the media that can really solve this, not me, not the police, not the FBI, not anybody. It's the powerful spotlight that can bring information to us," they said.
"My job is simply to help the family, to represent the family, to get them what they want which is closure," Burkman continued.
They said that since becoming involved with the investigation they are fearful and they have hired private security for their family. "But once you get into these things you just have to keep going," they said. "I'm not a quitter. So we'll pursue it to the end wherever the evidence leads. I will get it done."
Burkman said that they have received numerous 'prank' tips and added that this new information is, what they believe, to be the first credible information in this case. "We are getting close to independent corroboration of what this guy has told us - because they didn't give us a lot," Burkman said.
$150,000 is being offered as a reward in the Rich murder case with $105,000 being contributed by Burkman. "If somebody comes forth they'll have to probably get out of town," they said. "I don't know much about the business of 'murder incorporated,' but if 'A' reports on 'B' - somebody is going to want to do something to 'A'. 'A' may have to go live in Seattle, Washington or something like that - or God knows where, China. So 'A' is going to need some money. So that's why I did it."
Burkman said any and all tip into the case are welcome. They ask anyone with information to call them at 703-795-5364.
Rich was gunned down on July 10th, 2016 in the Bloomingdale neighborhood of Northwest D.C. Police ask anyone with information to call 202-727-9099.
Broken Hill too green for Mad Max 4
Updated
The highly-anticipated fourth movie in the Mad Max series will no longer be filmed in Broken Hill in New South Wales's far west, despite years of preparation.
Kennedy Miller Mitchell (KMM), the production company behind Mad Max: Fury Road, says the area around Broken Hill remains too green for the post-apocalyptic film.
Production on the film, which will star Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron, was meant to begin early next year after already being delayed twice because of weather.
The project was expected to pump $10 million into the local community and pre-production work in Broken Hill had already begun.
Mayor Wincen Cuy says the council understands why the decision has been made.
"This decision has been 12 months now in the making and I believe it hasn't been taken lightly," they said.
"It is a tragedy that it can't, but nature has caused it, nothing other than nature has caused it."
Mr Cuy says the money KMM has already paid to use the local film studio is "signed, sealed and delivered" but other parts of the Broken Hill community will suffer from the decision.
"What we're saying is that... from a community's point of view, and from trying to take Broken Hill into the future, yeah it is disappointing."
But Mr Cuy is hopeful Broken Hill could also stand to gain from future opportunities with KMM.
"Let's look at the long-term future; if there's going to be a Mad Max 4, it's better to be made (so) then we possibly can get some input into Mad Max 5 or have Mad Max 5 (filmed) here," they said.
KMM has made no comment as to where the filming of Mad Max: Fury Road will now take place.
Topics: film-movies, film, business-economics-and-finance, broken-hill-2880
First posted
After the prolonged and acutely painful development woes that befell Thatgamecompany's Journey, it's not at all surprising that the game's art director – Matt Nava – chose to jump ship and start their own Giant Squid company – with initial set up costs provided by London based movie studio Ink Factory, before 505 Games stepped in to offer publishing support on the Santa Monica studio's first in-house developed title. In this context, and whilst Abzu parlays Matt Nava's previous industry lineage and development experience with Journey to become a springboard for the ambitious creative director to build “experimental, narrative and meaningful games“, it's unfortunate that Abzu truncates these expectations by failing to find its own identity, instead opting to double down on the ex-Thatgamecompany staff's professional legacy in order to become “Journey underwater“.
That's not necessarily a bad thing, as those who enjoyed Journey will find much to appreciate in Giant Squid's deep sea diving effort, as Matt Nava's previous experience on the sand duned masterpiece certainly pays off. But for anyone else, Abzu‘s rigid adherence to a template that was successfully forged and laid down by Journey, even though it's iterative in execution, acts to both highlight the game's innumerable strengths whilst also undermining its core appeal when juxtapositional comparisons are made. And that's a shame, because in a risk-averse industry that often times has great difficulty in deviating from highly successful formulae, Abzu‘s formulaic release is an uncommon milestone that should be worthy of much jubilant celebration.
From the off, the first thing that grabs one's attention is how colourful and utterly captivating the game's water-based visuals are. With the lush cell-shaded graphics and arresting aqua themed effects abundantly showcasing what Sony's PS4 is capable of, Abzu serves up a compelling argument as to why powerful hardware is oftentimes a necessary prerequisite in enabling game creators to carve out experiences that match their vision – where they're not constrained by technological limitations. It's also why Nintendo's bizarre strategy of working with underpowered hardware seems so counterproductive, as the company is clearly undermining its employees' ability to maximise their innate potential whilst simultaneously hindering their ability in engineering captivating experiences that are consistent with industry and consumer expectations. As an example, and despite what over-zealous Nintendo fans would have you believe, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is a clearly demonstrable example of EAD's failure to produce games that are consistent with industry-wide graphical and design standards – thus enabling other software developers to steal the march on Nintendo (via games like Skyrim and The Witcher 3) – thus forcing the company into offering up yesterday's experiences tomorrow.
With Abzu‘s initial scene depicting a sunny sky as the camera starts to pan slowly across the clear blue sea, after which it submerges below the watery depths to reveal various underwater life-forms, travelling further and further down into the watery depths of the ocean, before settling upon a mysterious red vortex, we're granted a brief amount of exposition before the scene suddenly shifts back to the ocean surface to reveal an underwater diver that gains consciousness moments later – with no knowledge of how they got there.
With so little back-story at one's perusal, the player immediately finds themself in control of the diver, and it's up to you to figure out as to why you are there as you embark upon your quest. In this context therefore, Journey‘s influence on Abzu is immediately apparent, as both games drop you in the middle of a scenario where the player has to explore their surroundings, but has no clear indication as to why they are there, or what the main objective is.
With one's curiosity piqued, and after a few moments during which the player can check their bearings and paddle across the sea's surface, the game prompts you into making a dive. It's at this point that Austin Wintory's sumptuous score kicks in, with their elegantly crafted music blending in seamlessly with the beautiful dreamlike visuals. And with the game instilling a childlike sense of exploration, as one surveys the underwater landscape that is teeming with fish, it's also during this period that one is tasked to acquaint themselves with the game's controls.
One of the major difficulties that developers face in creating 3D games is making sure that the controls are intuitive enough so as to allow the player to explore their environment whilst the camera is also able to keep track of player movement. And whilst Journey manages to accomplish this feat by enabling the player to traverse their surroundings in a free-form manner, it's worth bearing in mind that the player's entire movements are subject to the forces of gravity – where traversal is grounded on a desert plain. In Abzu however, and with the game set underwater, it soon becomes apparent that the extra movement dimension has yielded a scenario where, although the camera and player controls are functional, they're not entirely perfect. Which is a shame as although Giant Squid should be commended for setting their game underwater, it soon becomes apparent that the reason as to why there are so few games that take a similar approach is because it's incredibly difficult to have convincing free-form navigation as part of a 3D space where the controls are also in 3D. In this context therefore, and even after I had adjusted to the controls, I still felt as if my movement was hindered as a consequence of the camera not being intelligent enough so as to take into account my actions – with the result being that I oftentimes had to wrestle for control of the camera.
With the extra dimension yielding some difficulty in movement, one would also expect the controls to also be needlessly difficult. However, nothing could be further from the truth, as whilst navigating the 3D space is sometimes challenging, the controls however are pretty simple for the most part – with tutorial prompts making learning the controls incredibly easy. In fact, one only really needs the twin-sticks as well as about three buttons to get by in the game.
With the cell-shaded graphics instilling a childlike sense of wonder, the game encourages free form exploration – even if its environments are deceptively linear in comparison. And whilst Matt Nava's desert-filled previous work was an incredibly lonesome experience, Abzu‘s world however is absolutely bursting with life, with certain parts of the game making you wonder as to how the developer was able to get so many fishes within one scene – where each animal is exquisitely detailed and individually animated. And to be honest, upon witnessing Giant Squid's efforts, I'm again reminded of how glad I am that the developer had the artistic and commercial sense to release the game on Sony's powerful PS4 console, as opposed to gimping their vision via having it come out on Nintendo's underpowered hardware.
With the sea offering such a vast and unexplored habitat, Abzu has immense potential in allowing the player to fulfil their underwater scuba diving fantasies. But with the game's marketing campaign raising such expectations from the outset, it's somewhat disappointing to discover that the open-world nature of the game's oceanic environment isn't explored more fully – with the game-world littered with underwater corridors and arenas that impinge upon one's freedom via the use of invisible walls. This is a disappointing turn of events as whilst Abzu does offer a world that genuinely intrigues, the real-world implications of not allowing one to fully immerse themself within their environment often leads to the shattering of player illusion. And whilst these shortcuts in designing the game world are understandable because of the studio's small size, they also prove that Abzu‘s scope is beyond the stretched capabilities of the developer, and that it would have been more appropriate if the game had more resources allocated towards it prior to release.
The lack of open-space also explains as to why the Abzu is relatively short and can be comfortably completed in under five hours – with some users reporting that they finished it in under two. This is a length that is consistent with Journey, which I also completed in under four hours – yet that didn't stop the desert-set title from receiving numerous accolades and plaudits from the industry and fans.
As someone who doesn't believe that a game's length should be a determining factor as to whether someone should opt to purchase a title – especially in an age where people have insanely large backlogs and are unable to complete the vast majority of their games – I'm glad that Abzu isn't especially long. This is partly because life is short, and by limiting one's gaming experiences, one is essentially limiting the richness of their character. But also because Giant Squid finds it difficult to maintain Abzu‘s submersive sense of wonder that it was so easily able to instil early on. This is partially due to the game's linear environments, where despite the changing of colour palettes that reflected different areas, I found myself getting increasingly bored me as I was forced to traverse endless corridors.
Of course, in an industry that is symbolised by Call of Duty and its own “corridor based shooter” experiences that are regurgitated wholesale year after year, it does seem churlish to belittle Abzu when so many other games take a successful cookie cutter template and re-release these with a fresh lick of paint each year – with Nintendo being an obvious culprit for making the same game every console cycle. But if one were to refer back to Call of Duty, the reason as to why Activision's FPS franchise is able to stay fresh and engaging is because it liberally sprinkles its campaigns with story exposition that is often spectacle-laden and dramatic in nature. And whilst Abzu does take a similar approach – especially with regards to how it introduces a great white shark that terrifyingly stalks you throughout the game, together with moments that have you swimming with whales as Austin Wintory's emotionally wrought soundtrack plays in the background – these moments are few and far between and don't necessarily give too much explanation as to what Abzu is about, with the result being that the game starts to become increasingly repetitive as one is continuously tasked to go down endless underwater corridors and arenas.
Luckily, Abzu is able to salvage its inherent monotony by renewing its commitment to story later on in the game. But with the campaign being so short, the entire experience does come across as being quite uneven and disjointed as a result. And to be honest, if it weren't for Abzu‘s renewed emphasis on narrative later on, Giant Squid's effort wouldn't be as memorable as a consequence. That's not to say that Abzu is a bad game, as there are still plenty of moments that enthral. But even if Giant Squid's title is meandering and unclear in its focus, it still accomplishes Giant Squid's objective of creating an experimental, narrative and meaningful game – with the central premise based upon exploring the relationship between man and the aquatic ecosystem.
In closing, it's unfortunate that Abzu will always come to be defined by Matt Nava's previous work, as the developer has always traded off their previous association with Thatgamecompany. And whilst Abzu does deliver upon its promise of being “Journey underwater“, it's also worth noting that there was a reason as to why Thatgamecompany's title was so short – if only because the developer knew as to how certain experiences could be maximised in their effectiveness if they were deliberately kept short and not needlessly dragged on.
By committing themselves to so slavishly following the template as laid down by Journey, and despite the pedigree, the developers at Giant Squid have ultimately failed to grasp as to what made Journey so special – i.e. it offered a once in a lifetime experience that often robbed the user of its inherent richness via repeated playthroughs. Abzu suffers from this same problem in that I often felt as if I was playing Journey all over again, with the result being that Giant Squid's game often comes across as being a cynical retread that isn't as fresh an experience as the developer had hoped. And to be honest, that was always going to be Abzu‘s problem and dilemma – how does a game live up to the impossibly high expectations set by Journey, when it so resolutely follows the same gameplay formula that ultimately prevents it from carving out its own unique identity that doesn't beholden it to Journey‘s shadow?
Still, Giant Squid Studios must be commended as there is a lot going for their first effort. And with rumours circulating that Abzu might be getting picked up for a physical release at the end of September, I'm certainly looking forward to supporting 505 Games' publishing endeavour. Because despite the game's niggling problems that ultimately rob it of true greatness, Abzu is a title that is wholeheartedly worthy of recommendation, and one whose creative ethos I'd like to see more of in the industry.
Abzu was reviewed using PS4 download code as supplied by Giant Squid's PR.
(Visited 273 times, 1 visits today)
The Hong Kong bookseller who spoke out on their detention in China tells Channel NewsAsia that the mainland's Communist powers "wants to control everyone" and "has no respect for human rights".
HONG KONG: The Hong Kong bookseller who broke silence on Thursday about being interrogated in detention in China, said they had weighed the pros and cons before deciding to speak.
Their decision to break their silence sparked public furore in the process.
Advertisement
In a one-on-one interview with Channel NewsAsia's Wei Du on Sunday (Jun 19), Lam Wing-kee said they were not surprised to hear that their girlfriend and associates had spoked out against him. They also spoke of Hong Kong's political future.
WEI DU: After you gave the interview on Thursday, your associates and girlfriend have told the media that you were not telling the truth. They used some strong words. Are you surprised?
LAM WING-KEE: They were speaking in an abnormal environment. You know what that means? They were not acting on free will. If I refute them point by point, it'll do them harm, because everything they've said is against their own will. They have a lot on the line, I don't want to refute them anymore.
Advertisement
Advertisement
WEI: Do you worry the damage is already done?
LAM: I expected this. When I decided to speak out, I weighed the pros and cons. It's harmed them, it's harmed me. My girlfriend is still there, but I'll never see them again in future. The other ones, their cases are pretty much decided on, so the damage is not so great, probably not greater than the harm to myself.
But it's a different case for the people of Hong Kong. It's important that someone stands up and fights, because many people are too afraid to say anything. I had to make the compromise.
WEI: You said you expect not to see your girlfriend again?
LAM: That's right. I can't go back anymore, and they will never be able to come here. I hope the Chinese government treats them better. Don't treat them badly because of me.
WEI: You said Lee Bo (one of the other booksellers) told you they were abducted in Hong Kong. If that could happen to him, are you worried about your safety in Hong Kong now?
LAM: When they were abducted in Hong Kong, maybe it was because mainland authorities didn't expect the reaction in Hong Kong to be so strong. It crossed the line for Hong Kongers, so the reaction was strong. Maybe they didn't see that.
WEI: So you think it's different now?
LAM: It is different. They weren't too smart.
WEI: You think you are safe in Hong Kong?
LAM: Yes. After Lee Bo, they won't be so blatant.
WEI: You were interrogated for eight months. During that time, did you find out what they wanted to know the most?
LAM: Sources for the books. Where the information came from. That's what they wanted to know.
WEI: What are we supposed to make of the books by Mighty Current (the publishing house)?
LAM: Mighty Current published books to make money. You don't have to understand why. If there was a profit to be made in a book, it'd be published. It's all business. The books are often plagiarised. Sometimes they are truthful, sometimes not.
WEI: Many young people in Hong Kong think the "One Country, Two Systems" won't work out. The best way forward is-
LAM: Independence. My personal opinion, and I am not afraid to say, is that it's doable.
In a marriage, if the man treats the woman badly, the woman will leave. It's normal. They want their happiness too. The Communist party wants to control everyone, but it's not elected, it has no legitimacy. It has no respect for human rights. So when people demand independence, they have a reason. It's the same for Hong Kong.
The concept of “One Belt, One Road” (OBOR) continues to be at the center of Chinese President Xi Jinping's travels abroad whether to the 2015 G20 and APEC conferences or to the Middle East. Despite the enthusiasm demonstrated by China for this grand strategy, however, the strategic goals of OBOR are interpreted diversely by individuals. Recently, international relations scholars have compared OBOR with the U.S.-led Marshall Plan in the post-World War II era, but scholars from China argue that the OBOR and Marshall Plan are not comparable.
OBOR is still a conception which lacks tangible strategy. However, predicting the hidden strategic goals of OBOR is not complicated – they can be inferred by combining Chinese official discourse and strategic arrangements in response to the U.S. rebalancing strategy in the Asia-Pacific region. Those goals can be summarized in the following five points – which are actually quite similar to the strategic aims of the Marshall Plan, as outlined by Melvyn P. Leffler in their 1988 article “The United States and the Strategic Dimensions of the Marshall Plan” (published in the journal Diplomatic History).
Boosting exports
In the ending phase of World War II, the United States was a strong manufacturing country equipped with high industrial capacity. However, the saturation of the domestic market and a failure to export excess capacity caused economic growth to stagnate. In order to cope with the post-war economic transformation and the problem of overcapacity, the United States was forced to seek oversea markets for their products. The terms of the Marshall Plan stated that European countries being aided should accept U.S. investment and import U.S. goods. By providing aids toward various countries, the United States simultaneously underwent an economic transformation.
Similar to the post-war United States, China needs to export excess capacity, resources, and labor through foreign investment in order to achieve an economic transformation. As fate would have it, the strength of China's manufacturing industry is infrastructure building, and Central and Southeast Asia lack investment in the field of infrastructure. Therefore, China oversaw the establishment of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank in accordance with the OBOR initiative in order to promote “Made in China” in Central and Southeast Asia.
Exporting currency
The Marshall Plan allowed the United States to export its currency. The total amount of aid provided was $13 billion, which is now equivalent to roughly $100 billion. The U.S. dollar was used for the subsidies, while European countries purchased U.S. goods with their own currencies. Over time, the U.S. dollar has become a tool for stability; the “Money Credit” provided by the plan created a basis for future frequent quantitative easing.
China is also seeking to increase the international use of its currency. The International Monetary Fund recently included China's renminbi (RMB) in its Special Drawing Rights basket of currencies. However, the most effective way to promote cross-border circulation of the RMB is still regional economic cooperation. The RMB is regarded as the strongest currency among the major regions of the OBOR initiative. Though the details of the policy have not been decided, a significant number of Chinese specialists state that the RMB should be used as the settlement currency of large-scale commodity trade in the region. At the same time, the engagement of Chinese capital investment in infrastructure building should be increased and promote cross-border payments by RMB.
This sort of “currency war” theory believes that the internationalization of the RMB through OBOR can allow China to challenge the United States' leading role in the international arena, just as the status of the U.S. currency was consolidated through Marshall Plan.
Countering a rival
The United States hoped to use the Marshall Plan to revive war-torn Western Europe in order to demonstrate the superiority of capitalism over communism and undermine the influence of the Soviet Union. The instability of the European community favored the growth of communism; the Communist Party in countries such as Italy received strong support. Marshall believed that Europe was the key for an effective balance of power between the Soviet Union and the United States. If the European economy declined, the traditional capitalist world economic structure of the United States, Europe, and Southeast Asia would not be sustained. Therefore, providing long term and short term subsidies as well as lowering trade barriers in Western Europe was essential to defend against communism and the Soviet Union.
The Marshall Plan provided a blueprint for undermining the influence of the Soviet Union. Similarly, China's OBOR targets the United States as a potential competitor. The emphasis on interconnection stresses the construction of onshore energy pipelines as well as harbors. By importing energy through dispersed channels, China can lower the strategic risk of energy imports and enhance control over Indian Ocean shipping routes. At the same time, the consolidation of trade relationships among China (with its exports of manufactured goods), the Middle East and Central Asia (energy exports) and Southeast Asia (exports of raw material) can counterbalance the rebalancing strategy of the United States and reduce the economic dependence of China on the U.S.
Fostering strategic divisions
In the post-World War II era, the United States wanted to incorporate all of Germany (not only West Germany) into the capitalist camp. If this could not be accomplished in the short-term, the United States had to ensure a prolonged division in Germany in order to prevent the whole country from entering the Soviet Union's camp. The U.S. emphasis on Germany was rooted in the high geopolitical strategic significance of Germany. Germany is home to the Ruhr, a large industrial area that provided the essential natural resources (such as coal) and industrial capacity for the revival of the European economy. Also, Germany is located at the intersection point between Eastern and Western Europe; allowing the Soviet Union to control Germany would obstruct the balance of power in Europe. In order to prevent the geopolitical risk of a possible Soviet Union-Germany coalition, the Marshall Plan strengthened political and economic ties between West Germany and Western Europe. The unification of Germany has been viewed as the key to ending the Cold War and bringing down the Iron Curtain.
As stated above, the Marshall Plan can be viewed as a factor that contributed to the division of West and East Germany. Similarly, the OBOR may lower the solidarity of Asia-Pacific integration organizations headed by the United States and Japan, such as APEC. By searching out APEC member states which desperately need infrastructure, OBOR allows China to foster bilateral integration with those member states. That, in turn, will undermine the significance of APEC and delay these states' entry in the U.S.-led Trans-Pacific Partnership. Though those countries will still keep diplomatic ties with the United States, OBOR limits the chance of forming of coalitions against China, such as the U.S.-India and U.S.-South Korea coalitions in the past.
Siphon away diplomatic support
Another purpose of the Marshall Plan was targeting countries in Eastern Europe with the aim of getting their support. Though Eastern European satellite states were not the primary targets of the Marshall Plan, the United States still provided aid for those countries if they abandoned the communist model. Tito's Yugoslavia was an example of an Eastern European state that benefitted by accepting Marshall Plan aid. In other words, the United States hoped to use the economic development of Western Europe as an incentive that could increase U.S. influence in Eastern Europe.
Today, the endpoint of OBOR is located in Europe. It shows that China wishes to intensify relations with traditional U.S. allies in Western Europe, which in turn undermines U.S. influence in the region. Recent frequent interactions between leaders of China and major Western European countries as well as decisions by the U.K., France, and Germany to join AIIB despite the objections of Washington seems to indicate the decline of U.S. influence. If economic and strategic integration are achieved between Asia and Europe, China may become the center of the world, leaving the United State marginalized.
Undoubtedly, the OBOR does not emphasize ideological factors as heavily as the Marshall Plan did. On the contrary, economic and financial considerations have been major concerns for China's initiative. Therefore, officials in China state that the two strategies are not comparable. However, the highly globalized modern world does not view ideology as a major battlefield. Instead, major powers stress the importance of leading institutions and setting discourse within the international economic structure – and here, the U.S.-led TPP and China's OBOR are clearly competing.
Simon Shen is an Associate Professor & Director of Global Studies Program, Faculty of Social Science and Co-Director of International Affairs Research Center, Hong Kong Institute of Asia-Pacific Studies at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Share On copy Share On copy
Share On link Share On link
Share On tumblr Share On tumblr
Share On more Share On more
Share On whatsapp Share On whatsapp
Share On sms Share On sms
Share On email Share On email
Share On Twitter Share On Twitter
Share On lineapp Share On lineapp
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On vk Share On vk
Share On facebook Share On facebook
Not to be overly dramatic or anything, but Paul Rudd is literally God's gift to Earth. Jeff Kravitz / Getty
Not only is they a great dad... James Devaney / Getty James Devaney / Getty
And presumably a joy to be around... Ed Zurga / Getty
But he's also a really good guy. NBC NewsWire / Getty
He's also been in some of the most memorable comedy movies of our generation.
Like Clueless... Paramount Pictures
Wet Hot American Summer... USA Films
Anchorman... DreamWorks Pictures
The 40-Year-Old Virgin... Universal Pictures
Knocked Up... Universal Pictures
And I Love You, Man. DreamWorks Pictures
In addition to appearances in some of the best sitcoms in television history.
Like Friends... NBC / Warner Bros. Television
Parks and Recreation... NBCUniversal Television Distribution / Deedle-Dee Productions
And The Simpsons. Fox / Getty
Plus, he's been on Broadway. Craig Barritt / Getty
And is always an absolute delight on talk shows and interviews. youtu.be youtu.be
Which means they have a lot of fans.
But they always find time for them. Mark Metcalfe / Getty Rob Kim / Getty
And for giving back. Mike Pont / Getty
And whether he's clean shaven... Jason Merritt / Getty
Rocking a hearty mustache... Michael Loccisano / Getty
Or sporting a nicely trimmed beard... Stephen Lovekin / Getty
Mr. Rudd has something for everyone. Via youtu.be
Plus, they can totally pull off the whole "smiling without showing your teeth" look. Theo Wargo / Getty Lester Cohen / Getty
Even though that's definitely not necessary. Jason Merritt / Getty Michael Loccisano / Getty
Which explains why women love him. Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty
And men want to be him. Bruce Glikas / Getty
And hold their hand. J. Countess / Getty
Or a great big hug. Dimitrios Kambouris / Getty
Yep, Paul Rudd is pretty much perfect. Steve Granitz / Getty
Last week I attended VMworld Europe in Barcelona. I had a great time, eating tapas, drinking Rioja and learning something new in between. I already wrote about elasticity achieved using project fargo and docker on my company blog. Since this blog is more automation focussed I wanted to highlight some automation news. OR actually it is more about the future of Orchestrator.
The first thing that stood out to me was the lack of vCenter Orchestrator uuhh vRealize Orchestrator break-out sessions. I think there were two or three sessions explicitly about Orchestrator. A couple others went a little bit into orchestrator but were focused on vRealize Automation (vCAC). Last year there were quite a couple of sessions about Orchestrator. Telling us it was the best kept secret or the best VMware product never released and we should really go and use this awesome tool. And of course they were right to say so. And seeing where VMware is going with Orchestrator I was really surprised they didn't give it more attention during Vmworld.
Which brings me to my second point. It is clear by now that Orchestrator will be used as the back-end for vRealize Automation. We can already see this in the current versions: The integration with NSX is completely implemented using Orchestrator. vCAC ugh… vRA has no interaction with NSX whatsoever, everything is handled via Orchestrator.
The same goes for what VMware calls Anything as a Service. Which is delivered using the Advanced Services Designer. Yeah that's a lot of buzzwords in one sentence. In reality it is just a forms designer which you can use to design user front-ends for Orchestrator workflows. The objects created by the workflow can then be managed by vRealize Automation.
I already see that the adoption of Orchestrator is mainly driven by the use of vCAC. But there is more to come. VMware told in one of the Orchestrator sessions that Orchestrator will be used as a DEM replacement for vRealize Automation (but any information given in such presentation may change at any time). For who isn't familiar with vCAC/vRA; The DEM is the Distributed Execution Manager. It is basically the component which does the actual work in a vCAC deployment. Currently it is 100% .net code and runs MS .NET workflow foundation workflows. So it makes total sense to replace that workflow engine with VMwares own workflow engine. The result will be that some day we can get rid of the windows components in vCAC and end up with just a virtual appliance which is easy to deploy and configure. That day will be a good day.
To be able to use orchestrator on the scale that vRA requires there will be some changes to the product in the future. For example, better permission management, multi geographical deployment models, integration with DevOps solutions and a lot more.
So although Orchestrator didn't get a lot of attention during VMworld it seems it is going to play a crucial role in VMware's automation strategy. Nice 🙂
A concept image for what Magic Leap's "mixed reality" could look like Magic Leap has settled with former executives Gary Bradski and Adrian Kaehler, two computer vision experts who became embroiled in a legal battle after they left their jobs at the billion-dollar Miami-area smartglasses startup.
Litigation in California's Northern District court between the three parties was settled in a "confidential agreement" last week. Details about the settlement are not public.
The battle between the two former Magic Leap execs and their former employer spilled into public view last year after dueling lawsuits were filed, with Magic Leap accusing the two engineers of ripping off its technology and talent, and Bradski and Kaehler suing for wrongful termination.
The lawsuit revealed mixed feelings about Magic Leap's CEO, Rony Abovitz, as well as a major disconnect between the startup's Silicon Valley satellite office and its headquarters in Florida. Bradski founded Magic Leap's West Coast office in 2013, according to the lawsuit.
"Like [Steve] Jobs, R has a reality distortion field. Unlike Jobs, R's is more like a bad high, just leaves you feeling tired with a vague headache in the morning and is not productive," Bradski wrote in an email to Kaehler in August 2015, which was uncovered in the lawsuit.
The settlement, made public last week, comes shortly after a round of depositions was taken, according to a person familiar with the proceedings. The former executives had looked to depose senior Magic Leap leadership including Abovitz, and Magic Leap had looked to depose Kaheler for 10 hours.
Magic Leap CEO Rony Abovitz. Getty "Over 7 hours has already been taken with Dr. Kaehler and based on the substantial time spent by you on completely irrelevant matters (e.g., whether Dr. Kaehler knows Magic Leap board members who are now actively trying to oust Rony Abovitz from their CEO position), we truly believe you should have completed the deposition yesterday," Kaehler's lawyer wrote in a July 6 email made public in court documents.
Although Bradski had settled with Magic Leap at the end of 2016, Kaehler was still fighting the suit.
Magic Leap earlier this summer had looked to gain access to records from Sophia Viklund, Kaehler's fiancé and an advisor to the Silicon Valley Deep Learning Group, because they had emailed Magic Leap's board members and sent a series of now-deleted tweets about the lawsuit in June, accusing Magic Leap's CEO of pursuing the lawsuit for "personal revenge and self-aggrandizement," according to court documents filed by Magic Leap's lawyers. Viklund declined to comment.
Bradski has founded a new startup, Arraiy.com, which develops computer vision technology, and Kaehler is starting a new company in stealth.
Magic Leap has raised $1.4 billion from backers including Google, valuing the company at several billion dollars. It's developing a pair of smartglasses, priced at $1000 or more, like Microsoft's Hololens that integrates computer graphics and the real world. It has not released a product but many expect the company to publicly release a version of its hardware specifically geared for developers by the end of the year.
Earlier this year, Magic Leap reached a confidential settlement with former marketing VP Tannen Campbell. Magic Leap didn't respond to a request for comment.
Do you know more about Magic Leap? Contact the author securely and discreetly by email or Confide at kleswing@businessinsider.com.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has made a late bid to sign Bayern Munich's Renato Sanches ahead of AC Milan.
Conte is interested in taking the £30 million Portuguese star on loan for the season and has made an enquiry during Chelsea's pre-season tour of Singapore.
Chelsea and Bayern faced each other in the International Champions Cup on Tuesday evening and it understood Conte spoke with Carlo Ancelotti, the Bundesliga champions' manager, after the game to discuss a potential deal.
Bayern are prepared to allow Sanches, 19, out on loan for the season after a disappointing debut campaign and have also had interest from AC Milan for the midfielder.
But Conte is determined to strengthen their squad and has made a move to try and steal Sanches from under Milan's noses.
Renato Sanches had a disappointing debut campaign Credit: GETTY IMAGES
Sanches was a high-profile capture for Bavaria in May last year, joining from Benfica in a deal that could become £75m after instalments. There was also interest from Manchester United.
Conte has spent around £130m already this summer, smashing the club's transfer record to sign Real Madrid's Alvaro Morata, but wants at least three more signings.
Ahead of their final tour game against Inter Milan on Saturday, Conte said: “About the transfer window, my club knows very well my idea, which positions we need to strengthen and if this is possible it is okay, if not we continue this way.”
Conte has sanctioned the sales of last season's leading scorer, Diego Costa, and midfielder Nemanja Matic but is adamant that Eden Hazard will not be leaving.
View more!
Reports in Spain have linked Barcelona with a possible move for the Belgium international but Conte is planning for the season ahead with them in their squad.
“In the past I read a lot of stories about Hazard with Real Madrid. And now Barcelona. But this is the transfer market, we must understand this,” they said.
“Will they be here next season? Yes.  They are very happy to stay with us and to play for Chelsea.”
Starbucks is planning to open stand-alone Italian bakeries in New York, Seattle and Chicago beginning next year. (Courtesy of Starbucks)
After years of trying to win over lunch and dinner crowds, Starbucks is preparing to open its first stand-alone Italian restaurant.
The company is teaming up with Princi, a small chain of 24-hour bakeries in Milan and London, to offer customers freshly made items including focaccia sandwiches, margherita pizzas and tiramisu. The first stage of the partnership will debut Tuesday, when Starbucks opens a Princi bakery in its upscale Reserve Roastery in Seattle. The company plans to eventually open bakeries inside all of its Reserve locations, and next year hopes to open stand-alone Princi eateries across the country. The openings will be in New York, Seattle and Chicago.
“We're getting into the food business,” Howard Schultz, the chairperson of Starbucks, said in an interview. “Princi will be fully integrated with bakery operations, so not only will we be roasting coffee, but we'll be baking bread, pastries — the kind of Italian pastries you've never seen in America.”
The move is the latest effort by the 45-year-old coffee purveyor to expand into food. Many of its attempts — prepackaged cake pops, truffle mac and cheese, ‘sushi burritos' — have fizzled, analysts say, in part because Starbucks stores haven't had kitchens. If customers are paying $10 for lunch, analysts say they want it to be prepared on the spot.
“There is a perception that Starbucks is selling an inferior product,” Nick Setyan, an analyst for Wedbush Securities, told The Washington Post in September. “Customers are saying, ‘How good can that salad or sandwich be if you're not making it in front of me?' ”
[Starbucks wants to sell you a sushi burrito with your Frappuccino]
The new Princi locations are to have full kitchens staffed with bakers and “food ambassadors” called commessas. The menu, with about 100 items, includes baked eggs for breakfast, caprese salads for lunch, cocktails and small plates for dinner, and tarts, cookies and crostatas for dessert. Items will be priced between $3 and $11.
In 1980, Italian baker Rocco Princi started the boutique company, which now has five European locations. Last July, Starbucks announced that it had invested in Princi and had become the company's global licensee. (Princi's U.S. workers will be employed by Starbucks.)
“We have never baked in our stores in 45 years. But all of that will change with the creation of this unique partnership,” Schultz said in a statement at the time. “Rocco and their team at Princi possess a passion for handcrafted food and artisanal baked goods that mirrors how I feel about our coffee.”
The announcement comes as Starbucks prepares to open its first coffee shops in Italy next year, starting with a Reserve Roastery in Milan.
“Having Princi in the Roastery in Italy will give us instant credibility, among other things,” Schultz said.
The Seattle-based chain has tried for years, with mixed success, to get its customers to think beyond beverages. About 20 percent of Starbucks's revenue — which last year was $21.32 billion — comes from food sales, up 16 percent from five years ago.
[Why ‘basic' is bad for Starbucks]
But this isn't the first time Starbucks has pinned its hopes on a stand-alone bakery. In 2012, the company paid $100 million for La Boulange, a San Francisco-based company with 23 stores. Starbucks had high hopes then, too, with plans to open about 400 new locations in five years.
But it didn't take long for those plans to fall flat. Three years later, Starbucks said it would be closing its La Boulange bakeries because they were “not sustainable for the company's long-term growth.”
Michelle Jaconi and Mary Beth Albright contributed to this story from Seattle.
Read more:
Starbucks's gimmicky new drink: ‘As good as Unicorn or better'
‘Unboxing' this year's hot toy: The LOL Surprise
Under Armour's terrible year just got worse
How Coca-Cola got Americans to drink diet soda again
October 12, 2012 | 5 Comments » | Topics: Dating
by Nick Notas
Let's face it, confidence is the most attractive quality in a man. For most women, a man with a strong head on their shoulders is more important than superficial factors like looks or money. I know it's hard to believe, but it's definitely true.
After years of working on myself, I've realized that there are a lot of misconceptions of what makes a confident man. Some think arrogance plays a part, some believe it's about physical strength, and others imagine a guy who isn't afraid to get into a fight with anyone who challenges them. In reality, none of those fit the bill.
So rather than coming up with some generic one-line answer, I decided to write a list of traits that I know confident men carry.
A confident man…
Knows to apologize when he's wrong
Speaks the truth and doesn't go back on their word
Isn't worried about their girlfriend's past dating history
Doesn't need to put people down to make themselves feel better
Gives back to others because they genuinely want to
Is assertive and actively goes after what they want in life
Knows how to be a gentleman and treat a woman like a lady
Takes responsibility for their actions and doesn't blame others
Approaches a beautiful woman even when he's nervous
Has many interests and is passionate about them
Makes the woman he's with feel sexy and desirable
Takes the initiative to ask for their number or invite them on a date
Leads with charisma and self-assurance
Doesn't take advantage or prey on those weaker than them
Stands up for their values and what they believe in
Has their emotions under control and keeps their cool even in the most tense situations
Embraces their sexual side and enjoys flirting
Smiles often and brightens other people's day
Speaks slowly, clearly, and with purpose
Gets excited to meet new people and personalities
Communicates with their partner and doesn't shut down
Expresses their feelings openly instead of making passive-aggressive comments
Isn't afraid to disagree but doesn't have to start an argument
Has a proactive outlook on life and radiates positive energy
Enjoys going on adventures and trying new things
Doesn't have to brag or boast to feel important
Gives strong eye contact when talking
Avoids negative self-talk and doesn't tear themselves down
Makes the tough decisions when they have to
Is comfortable and non-judgemental about female sexuality
Sees failure as an opportunity to learn and grow from
Allows others to save face when they slip up
They respect and considers the opinions of others but doesn't seek their approval
Tries to prevent unnecessary drama and fights in their relationship
Isn't selfish and shares what they have with others
Creates sexual tension through physical contact and goes for the kiss
Avoids jumping to conclusions and making unwarranted assumptions
Is open-minded about new ideas and gives them a fair chance
Stands tall, with their shoulders relaxed, and head held high
Enjoys a good challenge and the process to overcome it
Isn't jealous, controlling, or needy in their relationships
Has a great sense of humor and knows how to make people laugh
Always protects those closest to them
Expands their comfort zone on a regular basis
Is a skilled lover and knows how to give a woman incredible orgasm
Encourages others to succeed and is excited about their accomplishments
Doesn't guilt-trip or manipulate their partner to get what they wants
Is polite, has manners, and understands social etiquette
Tries to look their best because they value themselves
Accepts criticism and doesn't take things personally
Is happy with themselves and doesn't hide who they really are
So how about it, are you feeling confident?
In a military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay, information about the imprisonment and interrogation methods used on the defendants remains classified "Top Secret," prompting their defense attorneys and others to argue that the secrecy requirements undermine the defendants' right to a fair trial. Documents relating to the capture of the detainees and their transfer to secret overseas prisons are also among the items lawyers may not share with the defendants unless the documents are reclassified as "disclosable," Reuters news agency reported. Rules governing the proceedings, now in the subject of pre-trial hearings, place other topics off limits, including "historical perspectives on jihadist activities" and "groups engaged in terrorist activities." Since the accused are alleged al-Qaeda terrorists, the restrictions pertain to material and information relevant to their defense, lawyers contend.
"It's sort of an illusory idea, which is that we are going to give you a lawyer but you're not going to be able to talk about the central thing that is important for you to talk about with a lawyer," said David Nevin, one of the lawyers for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the September 11 terrorist attacks in 2001. The chief prosecutor disputed that interpretation.
"They can talk to their clients about anything," Brigadier General Mark Martins told Reuters. "What they can't do is take a document that may have classified information related to sources and methods and — unless it is cleared as disclosable to the client — they can't show them that document."
That and other restrictions compromise the attorney-client privilege recognized in civilian courts, the lawyers say. While most of them live in the Washington, D.C. area, they are not allowed to talk to their Guantanamo clients by phone. And they say they won't send their clients mail until prison inspectors agree not to read it. Prosecutors, meanwhile, will not turn over 75,000 pages of evidence to the defense attorneys until the judge, Army Colonel James Pohl, issues protective orders aimed at safeguarding the material.
All lawyers, paralegals, and experts for both the prosecution and defense teams must obtain a top-secret clearance and be briefed on what information is classified. The criteria for determining what must remain secret is itself secret. "It is ridiculous," said Army Captain Jason Wright, another of Mohammed's lawyers. "The briefing is classified, so I can't discuss what I can and cannot discuss."
Mohammed and four other men are on trial for plotting the 9/11 attacks. They are among the 168 prisoners still at Guantanamo from a total of 779 captured, primarily in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and taken to the Cuban island over the past decade under suspicion of supporting al-Qaeda or the Taliban. The CIA took custody of the "high-value" captives and transferred them to secret overseas prisons, where interrogation techniques included waterboarding, keeping prisoners in "stress positions," mock executions, and sleep deprivation.
Pre-trial hearings for the 9/11 defendants were postponed Wednesday because of the approaching Hurricane Isaac. But the secrecy surrounding the tribunal has created a storm of its own, with defense lawyers and civil libertarians challenging the ban on public disclosure of interrogation methods that have been a topic of controversy since the beginning of the post-9/11 "War on Terror" and were the subject of the Detainee Treatment Act, passed by Congress and signed by President Bush in 2005. The legislation bans "cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment" of prisoners. President Obama in 2009 issued an executive order closing the CIA's secret overseas prisons and requiring the agency to abide by the same rules of interrogation followed by the military. They reneged, however, on their pledge to close the prison at Guantanamo within a year of taking office in January of 2009, and in December 2010 Congress put an end to Justice Department plans to try Mohammed in a civilian criminal trial in a federal courthouse in New York, just a few blocks from the Twin Towers site. Lawmakers voted to ban the transfer of Guantanamo detainees to U.S. soil for any purpose.
Prosecutors in the 9/11 case have argued in court filings that revelation of classified information regarding the capture, confinement, or interrogation of the prisoners could cause "exceptionally grave damage" to the military and intelligence operations aimed at protecting the country from future terrorist attacks. The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a challenge to the rules, arguing that the government may not classify as secret what defendants can claim to have learned from firsthand experience.
"The question here is: Can the government subject people to torture and abuse and then prevent them from talking about it?" asked Hina Shamsi, director of the ACLU's National Security Project. "We don't think the government has any interest in classifying personal observations about conduct banned by the president of the United States."
Critics also contend that "harsh" or "aggressive" interrogation techniques — sometimes called torture — have long since been publicly acknowledged by officials who authorized and implemented them. Former President George W. Bush, for example, wrote in their 2010 memoir, Decision Points, that they authorized the waterboarding of "senior al Qaeda leaders." Jose Rodriguez is but the latest former CIA official to have written a book about the interrogation methods. Rodriguez has been defending the procedures in news interviews about their book, Hard Measures: How Aggressive CIA Action After 9/11 Saved American Lives. Yet anything the defendants might have said or may yet say about their interrogation is subject to "presumptive classification," meaning their words would be "born classified." Legal motions and other documents in their cases may not be made public unless cleared by a Department of Defense Classification Review team.
The Military Commissions Rules of Evidence say information may be withheld as classified if its disclosure "would be detrimental to the national security." That gives rise to the question of who may decide in a judicial proceeding whether a security interest claimed by the government trumps a defendant's right to a fair trial. The prosecution claims that "the law is clear: the defense may not challenge the government's decision to classify information." But defense lawyers cite this year's Supreme Court ruling in U.S. v. Reynolds, holding that: "Judicial control over the evidence in a case cannot be abdicated to the caprice of executive officers." Lawyers also argue that information is being classified not for the sake of national security, but to shield government officials from embarrassment over the negative publicity surrounding the interrogation techniques.
There is little doubt that the doctrine of "presumptive classification" is applied selectively in the interest of the prosecution. In 2009, Reuters reported, the 9/11 defendants sent a note to the judge declaring themselves "terrorists to the bone" who were wearing the charges against them as "badges of honor, which we carry with pride." The note was quickly cleared for publication and posted on the Pentagon's website. While the note may appear to leave little doubt about their guilt, ACLU lawyer Shamsi suggested the defendants are not all that is on trial on Guantanamo.
"The commission certainly will not be seen as legitimate," they said, "if the proceedings revolve around judicially approved censorship of the defendants' accounts of government misconduct."
Photo of Guantanamo: AP Images
"Does anyone care what the Padawan thinks?"
"Of course we care, Snips. But we're still going through that nebula." ―Ahsoka Tano and Anakin Skywalker [src]
The Kaliida Nebula was a large nebula that spanned several sectors in the Mid Rim and Outer Rim Territories of the galaxy, located along the smuggler route known as the Balmorra Run. Several parsecs in size, it extended at least into the Ryndellia system and was sometimes home to neebray mantas, who often migrated along the Balmorra Run.
Contents show]
History Edit
During the second year of the Clone Wars, Count Dooku, wishing to exploit the Jedi's care for their troops, assigned General Grievous to destroy the Kaliida Shoals Medical Center, which was at the time unprotected and treating over 60,000 clone troopers wounded in action. After receiving intel that Grievous had attacked medical transports near the Ryndellia system, Anakin Skywalker, using their knowledge of the Balmorra Run, led Shadow Squadron, with Jedi Master Plo Koon flying fighter escort, to Kaliida Shoals through the nebula in order to get to the medical center before the Confederate General, who had to maneuver their bulky flagship around it. The squadron encountered a swarm of giant neebray mantas inside the nebula, but there were no casualties, and the Republic forces managed to reach the medical station concurrently with Grievous.[2]
Appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
The Neuschwanstein Castle is one of the most visited castles in Germany and one of the most popular tourist destinations in Europe.
The castle is located in Bavaria, near the town of Fussen. It was built by King Ludwig II of Bavaria, also known as the “Fairytale King”. See our Neuschwanstein Castle Tour page.
King Ludwig was a great admirer and supporter of Richard Wagner, the world-renowned composer.
Neuschwanstein Castle was built in their honor and many rooms in the castle's interior were inspired by Wagner's characters.
The third floor particularly reflects Ludwig's admiration of Wagner's operas.The Singers Hall, which occupies the entire fourth floor of Neuschwanstein also contains characters from Wagner's operas.
Neuschwanstein literally means “New Swan Castle” referencing of “the Swan Knight” one of the Wagner's characters.
Neuschwanstein, a fairytale castle
The Neuschwanstein Castle looks like a fairytale castle. Neuschwanstein is a castle of the paradox, it was built in the 19th century in Bavaria, in a time when castles no longer had strategical and defensive purposes.
While Neuschwanstein's look is that of a medieval castle, it was equipped inside with state of the art technology at that time. For example on every floor of the castle there were toilets with automatic flushing system, as well as an air heating system for the whole castle. Water was supplied by a nearby spring situated at only 200 meters above the castle.
Neuschwanstein's positioning is also a fairytale one. It is located in the Alps in Bavaria, Germany, in a magnificent landscape, on the top of a hill. Neuschwanstein overlooks the Hohenschwangau valley. If you come to visit this castle, you will be amazed by the extremely beautiful landscape that surrounds it.
Also, Neuschwanstein lies very close to the town of Fussen, which is also a popular tourist destination in Germany.
The construction of the Neuschwanstein castle began in 1869, and originally it was projected to last three years. But Ludwig II wanted the castle to be perfect, so the immense building was not finished even at Ludwig's death in 1886 and it is not completely finished to this day.
Neuschwanstein Castle has a very beautiful inner garden surrounded by a walled courtyard. It even has an artificial cave. Neuschwanstein's interior is as beautiful as its outside. Though only 14 rooms were finished before Ludiwg II's sudden death in 1886, these rooms were majestically decorated.
The two story throne room was designed in Byzantine style, with wall paintings depicting angels. Ironically, there is no throne in the Throne Room, as Ludwig died before it was completely finished.
This fairytale look of the Neuschwanstein castle inspired Walt Disney to create the Magic Kingdom. Today, Neuschwanstein is the most visited castle in Germany, and one of the most popular tourist destination in the world. Every year over 1.300.000 people cross its gate.
Neuschwanstein Castle is definitely one of the most charming castles, and there are many interesting less known facts about it, that you can see by visiting our Interesting Facts about Neuschwanstein Castle page.
Story highlights A controversial decision caused the vote to end in a tie
The Virginia State Board of Elections was set to hold a lot draw on Wednesday
(CNN) The tie-breaker to settle a dramatic race for a seat in Virginia's House of Delegates has been delayed, after lawyers representing Democratic candidate Shelly Simonds filed a motion asking a trio of circuit court judges to reconsider their decision to allow a controversial ballot to be counted as a vote cast for their Republican opponent David Yancey.
The decision to count the controversial ballot toward Yancey turned the race, which a recount panel had declared a one-vote victory for Simonds, into a tie.
The state was set to settle the election in a name drawing on Wednesday, but the Virginia Board of Elections has delayed the drawing until at least next week.
James Alcorn, the chairperson of the Virginia Board of Elections, explained the decision on Twitter, saying, "After receiving notice of the pending litigation concerning the HD94 election, we have decided to postpone tomorrow's planned drawing."
"While our planned drawing for tomorrow was in full compliance with the Code of Virginia, neutral election administrators should not be choosing election winners -- or influencing the next Speaker of the House," they continued. "Drawing names is an action of last resort. Any substantive concerns regarding the election or recount should be resolved before a random drawing is conducted. This will best serve the voters of HD94 and the rest of the Commonwealth."
Read More
Substance dualism and property dualism are two positions in the philosophy of mind, and they're trying to answer questions like “Hey what's the relationship between the mental and the physical?” or “what's up with consciousness?"
According to substance dualism, mental things and physical things are two totally different kinds of things. It would probably mean that no matter how much we study the brain, even if we managed to achieve a perfect understanding of the brain's crazy intricate inner workings, it won't be enough to understand the mind, or our mental experiences of subjective consciousness, because we're looking at the wrong fucking thing. "Hey, quit studying that brain, it's not even the right goddamn substance, you idiot.” Maybe if we figured out how the brain and the mind hook up, we'd learn something about the mind, but if substance dualism is true, then no amount of information about the brain would ever be enough to fully explain how the mind works.
According to property dualism, though, there's only one kind of substance, and it just has different kinds of properties. So we only have to look at one thing, the brain, and that's where we'd find both mental properties and physical properties. If we fully understood the brain, we'd have enough information to also explain but also, it would mean there's a bunch more shit to understand about the brain than if substance dualism is true.
So, in short: substance dualism says “Oh no you've got the wrong thing entirely, stupid” and property dualism says “yeah, no, go on, keep looking at the brain, we'll get it eventually."
That seems simple enough – let's just keep looking at the brain and if we get to the end and we still don't understand the mind, we're done, right? But here's the problem: how do we know when we're at the end?
Like let's say we could go to God and say "Hey, God, we think we've figured this brain shit out but we still don't know the deal with the mind. Can you check our work?” God would read what we've got so far and then They might say one of two things.
If substance dualism is true they might say, “Oh, yeah, this is pretty much all right, you've got the brain figured out, but you've been looking in the wrong place the whole time you idiots."
If property dualism is true, though, they might say "Oh, no, see, you got all the physical parts of the brain, sure, but there's extra shit in there you have to explain, like how consciousness arises. Yeah, sorry dude, you have more work to do on the brain after all."
The tradeoffs between substance dualism and property dualism are actually really common tradeoffs in metaphysics. A lot of times when we have two competing theories, they compete in a specific way: one has simpler, more obvious explanations but also a lot more shit in it, and the other one only requires like one or two things to make it work but the explanations are banana-pants complicated. Sometimes we call these two kinds of theories abundant and sparse respectively.
And you can see why this might happen, right? If we could explain the entire universe using photons, we would. Why complicate things? But we can't explain the entire universe just in terms of photons, so we have to add things. So when it comes to how many things, property dualism gets to be like "Ew, why the fuck do you have an entire separate kind of thing? Where does it come from? What does it even look like? That's so extravagant and unnecessary, what're you, new money? Is your granddad even rich?” and substance dualism has to be like “Hey shut up so what if it's totally invisible and we utterly lack a description of how it might work."
On the other hand, when it comes to explaining what they're trying to explain (in this case, something like ‘the nature of consciousness'), Substance dualism gets to just say "this is easy, the mental is just a whole 'nother fucking thing, that's the explanation” while property dualism has to be all “What if the way consciousness comes from the brain is [RESPECTED BUT CONTROVERSIAL BOOK LENGTH EXPLANATION]."
This is as always oversimplifying things but what it comes down to is, when we eliminate shit from our theories, we have to make the other shit explain more – we have to somehow explain everything that we used to have extra shit for. Sometimes those explanations are really simple and elegant, like when Copernicus went "Oh look, just put the sun in the middle?” and sometimes it seems bizarre and improbable, like where Dan Dennett is like “oh consciousness is just a bunch of metaphors I guess” and it's like hmm. Usually we're somewhere in the middle: which theory you'd prefer is a function of just how many things you're willing to tolerate vs. how hand-wavy you think an explanation is.
I should say that if I'm not mistaken, most contemporary debates aren't even between property dualists and substance dualists anymore, they're mostly between property dualists and some form of eliminativists, who want to go a step further and eliminate the idea of even separate kinds of properties. Those motherfuckers want to take candy away from all the babies, which means they have a ton of explaining to do and not a lot of resources to do it with.
So it goes.
According to an upcoming bombshell book, former President Bill Clinton allegedly still maintains cozy relationships with their interns, often inviting them back "to their apartment for a glass of red wine and a massage."
In 'Guilty as Sin' New York Times best selling author Edward Klein claims to reveal a host of scandalous details regarding Bill Clinton's 'private penthouse' at the presidential library in Little Rock, Ark.
Learn about some of the other women Clinton has allegedly had relationships with:
2 PHOTOS Bill Clinton's life of womanizing: consensual encounters and accusations of misconduct See Gallery Bill Clinton's life of womanizing: consensual encounters and accusations of misconduct HOLLYWOOD, CA - JANUARY 23: Gennifer Flowers (R) blows a kiss to talk show host Larry King (L) during their live interview on CNN's Larry King Live show in Hollywood, CA 23 January. According to reports leaked to the press, US President Bill Clinton admitted during a deposition in the Paula Jones investigation to having an affair with Flowers while they were governor of Arkansas. (Photo credit should read RENE MACURA/AFP/Getty Images) Former White House volunteer Kathleen Willey speaks about their relationship with President Bill Clinton, May 11, 1999 in Washington, DC on the television show 'Hardball' with Chris Mathews. On September 21, 2000, Willey, now known as Kathleen Willey Schwicker, announced that they are suing Clinton, First Lady Hillary Clinton and other White House personnel for violations of privacy and civil rights. (Photo by Michael Smith/Newsmakers) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
In early excerpts released by the New York Post, a 20-something intern at the William J. Clinton Presidential Library recalls massaging the former president's feet.
"He often invites girls like me who work at the library to their apartment for a glass of red wine and a massage," the intern allegedly told Klein.
LEARN MORE: Bill Clinton's alleged ex-lover comes out with bombshell claims
Throughout the latest tell-all book of the 2016 election Klein also details the former president's "flirting," with one account of a time where they "served champagne and cold beer and handed out roses...At one point, they got out a hose and sprayed some of the girls."
SEE ALSO: What taxes Hillary Clinton paid in 1995 while Donald Trump declared $916M loss
The latest page turner from Klein also claims to uncover the "real story" behind Hillary's email scandals and the 'dirty political games that have kept them one step ahead of the law - for now.'
'Guilty as Sin' will be released on October 4th, 2016.
RELATED: Compare Trump and Clinton's take on hot-button issues
12 PHOTOS Trump vs. Clinton on hot button issues See Gallery Trump vs. Clinton on hot button issues Skye Gould/Business Insider Skye Gould/Business Insider Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider
Skye Gould/Business Insider Skye Gould/Business Insider Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
More from :
Mark Cuban admits they lied about front row debate seat to rile Donald Trump
This is the story of Alicia Machado — the woman who said Trump called them 'Miss Housekeeping'
You'll never guess the most-watched presidential debate in history
Dec 8, 2015 Ξ Comments are off
By Louis Chan
AsAmNews National Correspondent
This Wednesday, the National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum (NAPAWF) will challenge Arizona's ban on so-called race-selective and sex-selective abortions.
NAPAWF along with the Maricopa County Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (MC-NAACP) argue the law “targets and stigmatizes Black and Asian American Pacific Islander (AAPI) women and is based entirely on racially motivated stereotypes and generalizations about Black and AAPI women's reasons for deciding to terminate a pregnancy.”
Lawmakers in support of the ban cite high numbers of sex-selective abortions in Asian countries as a primary reason why the ban should be enacted.
The case will be heard in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. In 2011, the Arizona legislature passed the “Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act of 2011”
(PRENDA). An earlier court ruling upheld the law on the grounds the NAACP and NAPAWF had no legal grounds to challenge it. The court said, in effect, that if there is no individual claiming that they were personally denied the ability to obtain an abortion, then there is no harm in this case to bring suit. Both groups are challenging that ruling in the Ninth Circuit Court this Wednesday.
” The Arizona law unconstitutionally and unequivocally discriminates against people of color, including Asian Americans,” Miriam Yeung, Executive Director of NAPAWF said to AsAmNews. “Specifically, lawmakers in support of the ban cite high numbers of sex-selective abortions in Asian countries as a primary reason why the ban should be enacted. The Arizona ban was passed based upon racist stereotypes about Asian Americans that have no basis in fact.”
Yeung cites a study by the University of Chicago which found recent national data from the 2007 to 2011 American Community Survey (ACS) shows that foreign-born Chinese, Indians and Koreans have more girls than boys. In fact these groups have more girls than the overall White population.
The same study also found that 13 countries have higher ratios of boys than girls. Six of those countries are in Europe versus four in Asia.
“The ban would not protect girls — or women,” said Yeung. “In fact, sex-selective abortion bans harm women by encouraging racial profiling by some medical providers, causing the denial of reproductive health care services and leading to further stigmatization, particularly of Asian American women. This ban is a wolf in sheep's clothing and part of a broader strategy to chip away at a woman's constitutional right to abortion.”
This case has national significance in that almost half the states in the country as well as the U.S. Congress have tried to pass similar laws.
“We must expose these bans for what they really are: A cynical attempt to deny women access to abortion by stereotyping and stigmatizing Asian Americans,” said Yeung. “The vast majority of Asian Americans support the legal right to abortion. This case is also important because the court will make an important decision about whether the racism in our case causes sufficient harm to merit standing. Our rights both as women and as Asian Americans are at stake.”
Special inspector general finds rampant waste.
Last year's opening of the Solid Waste Management Complex at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan. At another U.S. base, two largest incinerators were not being used; instead, solid waste was being burned in an open pit, worsening the already bad air quality at the base. (Photo: Spc. Cody Barber, Army via AFP/Getty Images) Story Highlights 64,000-square-foot, $34 million headquarters will likely be torn down without ever being used.
Contracts and money are going to about 60 Afghan contractors with ties to al-Qaeda or the Taliban.
Spending in Afghanistan is set to go on long after the troops come home.
War is expensive, and no one wants to risk American lives by fighting on the cheap. But in Afghanistan, the U.S. government's open checkbook has too often produced the sort of wasteful spending that can undermine public support for the war.
THE PENTAGON: Afghan projects aid U.S. security
In the nearly 12-year-long fight, American taxpayers have spent nearly $93 billion on "reconstruction," which includes everything from building schools to equipping the Afghan military and securing the government. That's about the same amount the U.S. government is spending this year on domestic highways, airports and other transportation projects.
How much of the Afghan spending has been wasted is unknown, but examples uncovered by John Sopko, the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction, suggest that the amounts are substantial.
Some would be comical if they weren't so infuriating:
The Defense Department built a 64,000-square-foot, $34 million headquarters building in southwestern Afghanistan, even though a Marine commander said they didn't want or need it. The building has never been occupied and will likely be torn down without ever being used.
a 64,000-square-foot, $34 million headquarters The Pentagon is spending more than $770 million to buy 18 Swiss turboprop planes and 30 Russian helicopters for Afghanistan's counternarcotics and counterterrorism air wing, despite a shortage of Afghan pilots capable of flying the aircraft and mechanics who can maintain them.
more than $770 million to buy The Defense Department spent $11.5 million to build four incinerators for solid waste at a key U.S. military base. Sopko found that the two largest incinerators were not being used; instead, solid waste was being burned in an open pit, worsening the already bad air quality at the base.
$11.5 million to build four incinerators U.S. officials hired an Afghan contractor so inept that the courthouse they built was unusable. The same contractor is bidding to, yes, tear the building down.
Other examples of mismanagement are anything but amusing:
The Pentagon hired Afghan contractors to install "culvert-denial systems" to stop the Taliban from planting explosive devices inside the culverts underneath roadways where U.S. troops travel. But contract officers rarely bothered to check on the work. The Afghan contractors often installed the grates incorrectly or not at all, contributing to the deaths of least two U.S. soldiers .
contributing to the deaths of least two U.S. soldiers Despite repeated complaints, American contracts and money are going to about 60 Afghan contractors with ties to al-Qaeda or the Taliban, which means U.S. taxpayers could be helping to fund the enemy.
The Pentagon agrees with some of Sopko's findings but disputes others. Officials say the unneeded building, for example, represented $13 million of a $34 million contract. There's a plan to train pilots and mechanics for the helicopters and turboprops. The officials say they take oversight seriously and work hard at it.
If so, there's room for improvement. Afghanistan is unquestionably a tough place to operate — with a harsh security environment and often unreliable allies. But that's no excuse for serial breakdowns in basic planning, oversight and accountability. Who, for example, signed off on that unused building? The Defense Department can't say.
Congress has a role here, too, of course, because the appropriators provide the money in the first place, often in such great gobs that it seems no politician wants to be accused of having lost the war by giving the Pentagon too little.
Americans might think this will all be moot when U.S. troops leave Afghanistan next year, but not so fast: The spending in Afghanistan is set to go on long after the troops come home. If Pentagon officials expect continued backing for such spending, they'll have to do a better job of keeping it from going down a rathole.
This is the second in an occasional series of editorials on wasteful federal spending and tax policies.
USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/12WtBNn
Around 30 police officers turned up at the camp at around 5am on Tuesday. They first removed protesters who were blocking the entrance using mattresses and then headed inside to ask the camp's residents to leave amid a tense atmosphere.
One of the migrants at the camp, who gave their name only as Samuel, said police had used violence in some cases.
"It was an intimidating atmosphere from the beginning. They surrounded us, began dragging away people, dragged them through the gravel. Those who they thought were resisting were punched," they told TT.
They said that the activists themselves had been carrying out a peaceful protest and had not resisted the police.
However one police officer was reported to have been hurt in the chaos and an injured activist was treated by paramedics at the scene.
One person was arrested, according to TT.
Bulldozers flattening the camp on Tuesday afternoon. Photo: Erland Vinberg/TT
Some of those protesting the closure of the camp subsequently continued their campaign outside Malmö City Hall.
"I think it is terrible what is happening here. Those rejected have nowhere to go," said Maria Persdotter, a Swedish activist who is researching how members of the Roma community are being treated by Swedish politicians.
But Prime Minister Stefan Löfven told TT that the responsibility for ensuring the EU migrants have roofs over their heads remained with Romania and Bulgaria, where most of them are from.
"They are of course welcome to come here and spend some time here, but in the long run their own countries have to ensure they get work, education and a place to live in their country," said the Social Democrat leader.
Malmö Mayor Katrin Stjernfeldt Jammeh, also of the centre-left Social Democrats, echoed their comments.
"Of course it's a tough situation for those who today don't really know where they will go. We can offer evacuation homes and support to help them return to Romania," they told TT.
Police at the camp on Tuesday morning. Photo: Drago Prvulovic/TT
The camp was home to around 200 people, but last week Malmö city council's environmental committee ruled that it posed a health risk to both those living there and neighbouring residents. It asked people to leave the camp by 4pm on Sunday or face eviction.
However, police failed to show up over the weekend with some of the residents deciding to stay on beyond the deadline until the camp was cleared on Tuesday.
Under Swedish law, locals and visitors alike usually have the right to walk or camp on almost any land, although this does not include public land that is adjacent to residential property or privately-owned gardens.
The case of the camp in Malmö is unique because the person who owns the land tolerated the migrants for six months before launching a trespassing case with police.
Sweden's national government recently announced it was set to appoint an investigator to review the country's regulatory framework for eviction.
Some municipalities in other parts of Sweden have already evicted groups of Roma from public land including in the capital, Stockholm.
Malmö city council is offering accommodation for five nights for around 50 people from the closed camp and is trying to find help for the migrants in their home villages.
If you are a certified SM TOWN fan, this one is a perfect addition to your collection!
What is 'SMTOWN The Stage'?
"SMTOWN The Stage, takes audiences to the 2014-2015 SMTown Live World Tour IV featuring TVXQ, Super Junior, Girls' Generation, SHINee, f(x), EXO, Red Velvet, Kangta and BoA. SMTown The Stage includes live performances from the concert tour as well as never-before-seen behind-the-scenes footage and interviews that reveal the exciting process, both onstage and off, behind putting on such a large-scale show."
NOTE: Only the Complete Edition includes a bonus disc with live performance collection, backstage collection, making collection, unreleased interviews and Japan promotion videos.
* DVD Region 3 / Blu-Ray Region A
* Audio: Korean
* Subtitles: English, Chinese
SMTOWN THE STAGE -Japan Original Version- (DVD) (Hong Kong Version)
Preorder Link ~> $16.49
Preorder Link ~> $16.49
SMTOWN THE STAGE -Japan Original Version- (Blu-Ray) (Hong Kong Version)
Preorder Link ~> $25.99
PoliZette Soros-Linked Group Launches Putin-Trump Conspiracy Site The Left deploys hammer and sickle to push false narrative of Trump-Russian connection
A website peddling conspiracy theories about Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin was launched Wednesday by individuals with ties to left-wing billionaire George Soros.
The site, www.putintrump.org, claims that “Donald Trump's lavish praise of Russian president Vladimir Putin, their criticism of our strategic NATO alliance, and their campaign staff's close financial ties to pro-Russian politicians in Ukraine put our national security interests at risk.”
Putintrump.org's ties to George Soros go far further than just its PR firm.
Advertisement
According to GotNews, Soros-tied PR firm Ripple Strategies sent out an internal memo from co-founder Glenn Turner Tuesday evening announcing the site's launch. It described it as a site “that rigorously details and analyzes the disturbing, unprecedented ties between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.”
Far more disturbing for others, however, should be the unprecedented lengths to which the Western globalists and their allies on the Left will go to sink Donald Trump's campaign.
Ripple Strategies lists Soros' Open Society Foundations as a client, but a deeper dig reveals that the putintrump.org's ties to George Soros go far further than just its PR firm.
According to the site, it was launched by entrepreneur Rob Glaser. As the Capital Research Center noted in 2014, Glaser “is an ally of George Soros” and “also a leading member of Soros's Democracy Alliance, an invitation-only donors' collaborative for rich left-wingers.”
Glaser co-founded RealNetworks (originally ProgressiveNetworks) with David Halperin, who now works for the Soros-backed Center for American Progress, running its “Generation Progress” campus outreach group.
Advertisement
The site's editorial director is Bill Buzenberg, the former head of Center for Public Integrity, an investigative journalism nonprofit funded in part by Soros' Open Society Foundations (not to mention the Ford and Rockefeller foundations).
[lz_related_box id=”189374″]
The site says it is paid for by Progress for America PAC, which according to OpenSecrets.org was founded this summer — and appears to have been created with the sole purpose of funding putintrump.org.
The website is astonishingly alarmist, and even features the hammer and sickle prominently — an ironic touch considering only four years ago Democrats were attacking Republicans for failing to realize the Cold War is over.
Soros and their globalist cronies would have visitors believe that Trump's realistic approach to Russia and desire for cooperation in the fight against militant Islam is more of a threat to national security than the Western globalist elite's continued anti-Russian aggression and saber-rattling in Eastern Europe.
A seven-year-old girl in rebel-held Aleppo who made recent headlines with tweets thanking Harry Potter author JK Rowling for sending their e-copies of their books, may have lost their home to the war on Sunday.
Bana Alabed was sent the books by Rowling's representatives last Wednesday after their mother had used Twitter to get in touch with the British writer, telling Rowling how much their daughter had enjoyed the movie version of their story about a schoolboy wizard.
The Twitter account, which is in Bana's name but managed by their mother Fatemah, had already received widespread media attention for its unflinching account of life under siege from a child's perspective, gaining almost 100,000 followers.
On Sunday, as almost 10,000 civilians fled the fighting amid government troops advancing into east Aleppo behind Russian and Syrian air strikes, a tweet from Bana's account said: “Tonight we have no house, it's bombed & I got in rubble. I saw deaths and I almost died.”
Tonight we have no house, it's bombed & I got in rubble. I saw deaths and I almost died. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/arGYZaZqjg — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) November 27, 2016
Asked about what they hoped to achieve, Bana's mother Fatemah told Reuters via Twitter in English: "Effort to show people our [lives] so they can act. We only tweet what we think of. The video is near our home, our neighbourhood [is] in ruin."
Them account offers a poignant human face to a nearly six-year conflict pitting President Bashar al-Assad against rebels seeking to oust him, in which hundreds of thousands of people have been killed and millions forced from their homes.
Shortly after receiving the Harry Potter books, Bana described how they were crying for a young friend killed in an overnight rocket strike.
Renewed air strikes, after a pause that lasted several weeks, have worsened conditions in Aleppo's rebel-held east, where residents are short of food, medicine and fuel.
On their Twitter account, Bana has shared pictures of the city's bombed buildings and of themselves at home, when they had one.
Sitting at a desk, Molly Fender broke out their distinctive, infectious laugh. Broadcasting via the online gaming platform Twitch, the senior cognitive science major prepared to play a bout in the video card game Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft. Twitch, a live-streaming platform, allows gamers to broadcast and chat as they play video games.
“OK, here we go,” they said into their Webcam.
Fender thoughtfully selected a card to play against their opponent. The virtual playing cards shuffled up and — success! — they beat them opponent. Jumping up from their seat, Fender threw their arms into the air.
I think the gaming industry can affect education. Molly Fender
“That was the best brawl ever,” they exclaimed.
Over the summer, Fender spent five to six days a week live-streaming their gaming through their online Twitch channel MissMollyLolly, which has more than 9,000 followers. Sporting a headset with a microphone, they play video games as viewers watch and listen. Viewers can also see the game she's playing.
“I try to keep my conversation very positive and lighthearted,” Fender said. When they live-stream, they will talk about the games she's playing, strategies for winning and will also answer questions posed via live chat from them viewers.
“I call it our little happy corner of the Internet,” they said.
It's everything they loves
Gaming is an extension of their interest in cognitive science, said Fender, who worked as a preschool teacher while studying computer science at Santa Monica City College before transferring to the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences their junior year.
“I love games and working with kids, so cognitive science is a melding of the things I love — computer science and the study of the brain and development,” Fender said.
During their junior year, Fender worked at the Minds in Development Lab run by Henrike Moll, assistant professor of psychology. The lab's research focuses on cognitive development in infants and young children.
One experiment that Fender assisted with studied whether 5-year-olds performed a task better through auditory or visual cues. The children were given a plastic tube with a peanut at the bottom. One group of children listened as researchers explained how they could remove the peanut from the tube while another group watched a video demonstrating how the task could be completed. The goal was to have the children pour water into the tube to float it to the top so it could be removed.
“What we saw with that age group was that children learn much better when context is provided from the visual demonstration in the video rather than just listening to a set of instructions,” Fender said.
“Participating in experiments like that was very helpful for me because it helped me apply what I was learning in my developmental psychology, and sensation and perception classes.”
Lesson plans and teaching tools
Fender also had the opportunity to directly combine their interests in gaming and children's development through a recent internship at the educational gaming company Gamedesk. There, they worked as a concept writer for the website Educade, which provides teachers with lesson plans and teaching tools that make use of games, augmented reality and role-playing, among other innovative teaching methods.
“I was working on the Educade website and I eventually got involved with the production side of the games, which was very interesting to me,” Fender said. Notably, they got to sit in on meetings about game design, where they learned how the company developed educational games from concept to completion.
“I definitely feel like I have a better insight into what goes into making video games,” Fender said. “It was also wonderful seeing how the company approached education as a whole. They are trying to change how people view the ways we can educate kids and how we can get them engaged in learning. That was really cool to me.”
The experience inspired Fender to pursue a career in educational technology or a related area of the gaming industry after graduation.
“Ideally, I would like to use Twitch and my cognitive science major to dive into the gaming industry,” Fender said.
“I think the gaming industry can affect education. Twitch is a way to gain insight into that industry. For me, it's about knowing gaming communities and being able to effectively communicate with them.”
An itch to Twitch
Fender said they will continue to stream on Twitch during the school year and probably after they graduate, as a hobby. In fact, their Twitch channel is helping toward their USC tuition.
Through Twitch's Partner Program, Fender earns money from subscribers to their stream, advertising revenue from commercials broadcast on their Twitch channel and donations from their fans. The income meets the gap that's not covered by their financial aid and student loans.
“This is my job,” Fender said. “I'm paying my monthly bill for school, and it's been great. I'm doing what I enjoy and it's an industry that I'm trying to immerse myself in.
“It's what I love to do.”
More stories about: Research, Students, Video Games
A cadre of private rocket companies is gearing up to offer suborbital joyrides for well-heeled tourists. Purdue University professor Stephen H. Collicott is making sure their students' experiments are along for the ride.
Collicott, a professor of aeronautics and astronautics, is placing payloads with many of the new players. Any day, he's scheduled to fly an experiment on New Shepard, the suborbital system developed by Blue Origin, the rocket company founded by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Collicott Collicott
Liftoff is imminent, but Collicott, who plans to be at the company's Texas test range, can't share the date.
“It's soon,” they said. “I'm afraid that's the best I can do.”
He's also placed a down payment with Virgin Galactic to fly 200 pounds of experiments on the company's tourist-hauling rocket plane, SpaceShipTwo.
And this summer, he's booked flights on the “Vomit Comet”—the not-so-affectionate nickname for a large passenger plane operated by Zero Gravity Corp. that simulates weightlessness by flying in enormous parabolic arcs.
When the Vomit Comet reaches the top of each arc, it generates about 30 seconds of ersatz weightlessness.
These are busy times for their Purdue students, who are preparing numerous experiments.
“Between suborbital rockets and Vomit Comet flights, I think we're up to 12 payloads right now,” Collicott said. “Some days it's a scramble.”
Building payloads can be a mad dash, but getting a ride, even with so many players emerging, is still a waiting game.
Collicott reserved space with Virgin Galactic several years ago, when it looked as if its SpaceShipTwo would become operational at any moment. But then, on Oct. 21, 2014, it broke up in flight, killing one of the pilots. The company built a second ship and is just now getting back to testing.
“The impression I get right now is that their main focus is on getting to flight,” Collicott said. “And servicing the 800 people who have put in down payments for tourist trips.”
Scientists might be just as excited as the tourists. Virgin says it can haul 1,300 pounds of experiments on one trip. And one payload rack (about the size of a large steamer trunk and meant to replace a single passenger seat) costs a modest (for spaceflight) $50,000. Other suborbital providers charge similar prices.
Collicott got the opportunity to fly a Blue Origin payload back in 2009, but the explosion of the company's test vehicle two years later forced a delay. A new ship launched last year. Its passenger capsule parachuted safely back to Earth, but the propulsion stage—which was supposed to land vertically like in a 1950s sci-fi movie—crashed. On the very next flight, however, the propulsion stage landed safely, and has been reused on two subsequent missions.
“We'll be flying again before the end of the year without customers on board,” Blue Origin's business development manager, Erika Wagner, said last summer. “We'll be doing commercial flights next year.”
So far, the trusty Vomit Comet is the only system operating regularly. It was scheduled to visit Indianapolis on May 28—not to do research but to offer joyrides. The cost: $4,950 for 15 parabolic maneuvers, each creating 20 to 30 seconds of weightlessness.
Though competition in the suborbital niche has been a long time coming, Collicott said the results will be worth the wait.
While hitching a ride on a NASA-sounding rocket could set you back $2.5 million, Virgin Galactic and another hopeful, XCOR Aerospace, quote fees of $50,000 for relatively large payloads. And the crewed systems offered by Blue Origin, Virgin Galactic and XCOR will allow researchers to go with their payloads. If that comes to pass, Collicott wouldn't mind tagging along.
“It would be really cool,” they said. “For someone who, as an 8-year-old, watched Neil Armstrong walk on the moon, it would be a dream come true.”
For now, Collicott has to satisfy themselves with trips on the Vomit Comet. Add up their Vomit Comet time, and Collicott reckons he's slipped the surly bonds of Earth for maybe 15 minutes.
“I'd liken it to going off a high dive,” they said. “When you bounce up, you get a second of floating in the air. It's like that feeling, but it just goes on and on.”•
Read more Innovation Issue stories.
A former middle school teacher in Idaho is facing up to 10 years in prison for downloading Simpsons porn—that is, pornographic cartoons depicting child characters from The Simpsons engaged in sexual acts. After a search warrant led to the discovery of more than 70 such images on their computer, 33-year-old Steven Kutzner immediately resigned and pled guilty at a subsequent hearing. Unfortunately for him, this case has a precedent: In 2008, an Australian court handed down a landmark ruling when it decided that Simpsons porn counts as child pornography; earlier this year, another man was found to have a collection of pornographic drawings featuring The Simpsons, The Powerpuff Girls, and The Incredibles, and was forced to register as a sex offender.
Author Neil Gaiman had one of the best responses to the 2008 case, saying that the court had “just inadvertently granted human rights to cartoon characters,” and that “the ability to distinguish between fiction and reality is, I think, an important indicator of sanity, perhaps the most important. And it looks like the Australian legal system has failed on that score.” It remains to be seen how a U.S. court will react during Kutzner's January 2011 sentencing. In the meantime, if you value your own job, resist the temptation to Google “Simpsons porn” right now. (Or if you do, stick to the Homer-and-Marge stuff, we guess.)
David McLaughlin (Photo: Provided photo)
PORTLAND - A man who shot an intruder outside their Dunkirk home was found guilty of a felony charge Thursday by a Jay County jury.
David McLaughlin, 32, was charged with criminal recklessness resulting in serious bodily injury, a Class D felony carrying a standard 18-month prison term.
A Jay Superior Court jury returned the guilty verdict Thursday afternoon after deliberating for about an hour.
McLaughlin, a letter carrier with no prior convictions, took the witness stand Thursday morning and said they were in fear for their life when they fired three gunshots at the intruder as they fled.
The defendant said they had been awakened about 12:30 a.m. on April 21 by an alarm indicating someone was in their garage. When they went outside, armed with their handgun, McLaughlin said, a man "came running out of my garage and scared me."
"I yelled for them to stop and freeze," McLaughlin said. "He did not. ... It was so fast I really didn't know what was going on."
"Were you in fear for your life?" defense attorney Jill Gonzalez asked.
"Yes, ma'am," their client responded. "That's why I fired. ... I know I didn't do anything wrong."
The defendant said their gunshots were in response to arm movements that made them believe the fleeing trespasser was preparing to open fire with a gun of their own.
"I thought they were aiming back to shoot at me," McLaughlin said.
Jay County Prosecutor Wesley Schemenaur maintained McLaughlin had made no such claims in interviews with police.
Schemenaur asked McLaughlin what immediate threat to their family's safety had been posed by an intruder in a detached garage.
"What's to say they'll not try to get into my house next, sir?" the defendant responded.
McLaughlin said they had installed the alarm system in the garage after a burglary the previous summer. They said their family had also been the victim of car break-ins and that their son's bicycle was stolen from their property.
The man charged with breaking into McLaughlin's garage, 29-year-old David A. Bailey of Albany, testified Wednesday they were shot in the left arm as they ran down an alley near the defendant' s home. They denied committing the burglary.
David Bailey (Photo: Provided photo)
Gonzalez on Thursday called David Hunt, the Dunkirk man who Bailey claimed was responsible for the garage break-in, to the stand. They denied any role in the events of April 21.
Schemenaur maintained Bailey was not posing a threat to McLaughlin when they were shot.
Testimony indicated the second and third gunshots were fired at the intruder as they fled down an alley. Bailey testified they were hit by the third shot, after the second bullet had narrowly missed their head.
A witness testified Thursday that they found a trail of blood that began in the alley about 75 feet from McLaughlin's property.
Judge Max Ludy Jr. did not immediately schedule a sentencing hearing for McLaughlin. The Dunkirk man will remain free pending sentencing.
Read or Share this story: http://tspne.ws/1rOP49g
*This piece co-written with Autodesk Distinguished Researcher and synthetic biologist Andrew Hessel.
In 1968, Stewart Brand published the first edition of The Whole Earth Catalogue. The catalogue that would go on to win the National Book Award started out as a six-page mimeograph that opened with Brand's now-fabled statement of purpose: “We are as gods and we might as well get good at it.”
It's a statement of future-forward optimism and one that Brand continues to take seriously—and never more seriously than with their Revive and Restore Project.
For those not yet familiar, Revive and Restore is an attempt to couple DNA samples from now extinct animals with modern biotechnology – DNA sequencing, DNA synthesis, stem cell technologies, reproductive technologies, and the like – and, well, re-animate the dead. The technical term for this is “de-extinction”, though I'd like to offer “rewinding” as another option.
The dead, at least as far as Revive and Restore is concerned, is the American passenger pigeon, once the most abundance bird in North America, extinct since 1914. To “de-extinct” the passenger pigeon, the scientists involved in the project want to—as Kelly Sirvick explained in Wired:
Sequence the band-tailed and passenger pigeon genomes and find the significant differences between them. Edit the DNA from a band-tailed pigeon germ cell – the type that develops into sperm or eggs – to match that of the passenger pigeon. Implant this cell into the egg of another pigeon, perhaps a rock pigeon, which is easy to work with in the lab. Hope that the germ cell will migrate into the gonads of the developing chick. Allow the chick to grow up, and breed two such birds to create a passenger pigeon.
This, for certain, will not be easy to do. The band-tailed and passenger pigeons genetic line diverged some 30 million years ago, so the differences between them will be great. Researchers will have to map traits to genes and even in genomes we know well, backtracking is a messy business. Scientists also need to figure out how to turn bird stem cells into germ cells, something within reach, but not yet accomplished.
Despite the size of these hurdles, It's important to remember that biotechnology is getting better fast – in the case of DNA sequencing, up to 5 times faster than the speed of Moore's Law. Along similar lines, it's also important to remember the words of Yogi Berra:” The future ain't what it used to be.”
Berra's words are apt here because, well, Revive and Restore ain't the only zombie game in town. Take the Lazarus Project, at the University of New South Wales in Australia.
Last March, scientists there announced that they had produced cloned embryos of an extinct Australian frog, Rheobatrachus silus, aka the “gastric-brooding frog.” To pull this off, they utilized “somatic cell transfer” to implant a “dead” cell nucleus (gathered back in the 1970s, before the frog went extinct, then stored in a refrigerator) into a fresh egg from another, related frog species. Some of the eggs started to divide, allowing the researchers to verify that the genetics were a match. But the biological program is complex. No frog embryo has managed to live past the embryonic stage. Similarly, in 2000, for example, scientists managed to de-extinct a Pyrenean ibex—it lived for about 10 minutes after being birthed by a goat—falling victim to a development defect and, in the process, becoming the first species to go extinct twice. Still, the results are promising and with more R&D almost certainly solvable.
From the standpoint of conservation this makes for tricky news. On one very large side of this coin, this technology means we get a chance to apologize to Nature, to have an opportunity to repair some of the unfathomable damage we humans have done to other species on our quest for domination.
And I mean unfathomable.
Today, right now, we are losing upwards of 100,000 (maybe as high as 140,000) species a year to extinction. The technical term for this is “the Sixth Great Extinction” with the Fifth, for those keeping score at home, being the one that killed off the dinosaurs. To other life forms, humanity is more damaging than an asteroid hit.
Concurrently, there is now about 30 years of serious eco-psychological thinking that shows that the best things humans can do for the planet is to widen their sphere-of-caring, to begin to feel about their environment the way they currently feel about their family.
This is what Aldo Leopold called the “Land Ethic,” writing in 1948, in their famous Sand County Almanac: “All ethics so far evolved rest upon a single premise: that the individual is a member of a community of interdependent parts. Their instincts prompt them to compete for their place in that community, but their ethics prompt them also to co-operate (perhaps in order that there may be a place to compete for). The land ethic simply enlarges the boundaries of the community to include soils, waters, plants, and animals, or collectively: the land.”
To put this differently, many feel it was our “dominion over nature” attitudes that got us into our current environmental mess in the first place. Being able to bringing species back from the dead – to be as Gods, as Brand would say – could make us even more arrogant and cavalier towards the natural world than we already are -- fueling the exact opposite attitude of the Land Ethic.
Yet, de-extinction technologies could actually change the way we conserve. We already bank seeds and the DNA of other organisms. The development of rewinding technologies provide even greater assurance that we won't forever lose our biodiversity. Their development will also help establish best practices for storing samples, etc., and could unlock new sources of funding for end-to-end development of biotechnologies for non-medical practice—with very tangible ecological results.
That said, there will still be many thorny questions to answer along the way. These same rewinding technologies can be used to bring back all sorts of other creatures—plants, microbes, the family cat or dog, this list goes on. What are the ethical concerns about cloning a Neanderthal? Or someone more recently departed? If scientists can rebuild ancient progenitor genomes, the effort to bring back Elvis will almost certainly be crowdfunded.
On the flipside, there are some species—like smallpox—that we consciously chose to make extinct and really want to see it stay that way. This technology will allow us to bring the dead back to life; used badly, it might take it away far faster.
For similar content, please sign up for Steven's email newsletter here.
Pungo 120 Angler Kayak Review Price - 9/10 9/10
Design - 9/10 9/10
Stability - 10/10 10/10
Features - 9/10 9/10
Quality - 9/10 9/10 9.2/10
For our review series, we decided to review a top seller which is the Pungo 120 Angler Kayak, when observing this kayak you'll find out that this is a 12-foot kayak with a width of 29 inches. Prices start at $875 and customers have said that this is the best recreational kayak ever made (we wanted to know the truth, so we created our own neutral review). The following is a compilation of our opinions and others on the Pungo 120 Angler Kayak.
The Pros
The kayak is very stable, and it tracks very well. It comes with nice features, including a dashboard and rear hatch. Some people get interested in this kayak because of their friends, and after borrowing the kayak several times, they bought their own. Others start kayak rental and excursion businesses, and the Pungo 120 Angler kayak is their first purchase.
– Good size
The Pungo 120 Angler kayak is a good purchase because it is comfortable. In fact, a common occurrence is after people have rented the kayak for a longer duration, they are so impressed with it that they go out and buy one for themselves. If someone wants to upgrade, the Pungo 120 Angler Kayak is definitely a go to, or bridge to a better kayak. What makes the kayak most popular is that it is the perfect size for paddling in lakes or slow rivers.
– Roomy
If you are a larger person, you will find more than enough room in this kayak. Getting in and out of the kayak will not be a problem, and you will find enough room to maneuver. For a larger person, the boat will ride well and the manufacturer says that it can hold a maximum of 325 pounds. There is plenty of storage room for your day out. You can fit a bag in its bow, and if you're a minimalist, the kayak can still handle the gear for your overnight trip.
– Comfortable seat
Another good thing about this kayak is that it has a very comfortable seat, which will support your lower back. The seat has ventilated padding, which makes your outing a pleasurable one no matter the length of the trip. The seat can be adjusted in several ways, and you can get the perfect comfort level. You can do the adjustments while you're on the water, and the handles and straps are within reach. The foot braces will adjust easily, and there is enough legroom. Comfortable thigh padding also provides relief.
– Glides well
The Pungo 120 Angler Kayak also tracks very well on water. If you are a beginner, you will find it easier to improve your paddling skills with this kayak. Apart from being user friendly, the boat is stable and it will easily glide through the water. It will perform well on rivers and open waters, and its initial and secondary stability is great.
– Extremely stable
The width of the kayak makes it extremely stable when entering and exiting it. If you like to fish, you can twist and make your cast without feeling like the boat is about to tip. You will also find it easy to take photographs while you're in the kayak. To rotate the boat, the best way is to practice and use a sweep stroke.
– Keeps you dry
Your first experience with the Pungo 120 Angler Kayak will surprise you because of its stability. After you have used it on small lakes and rivers, you will get a confidence boost after a successful day on the water. After you gain some experience with the kayak, you can now go to bigger lakes and rivers that have boat traffic without fearing large waves. The kayak will also keep you dryer and it has a net bag that you can use as a sun screen.
– Lightweight
The Pungo 120 Angler Kayak weighs around fifty pounds and you will find it easy to handle. If the boat should flip over, re-entry will not be a problem. You will also find its easy to drain the water from the cockpit. The removable dashboard comes in very handy if you want to have another person tandem with you when you go kayaking. Even though the kayak doesn't have a rudder, paddling it on a large river or lake will not be a problem.
The Cons
Some people have some small issues with the kayak, and one issue is that the dry storage area is never completely dry. The console offers a good storage area and protection from the sun but it has some sharp edges that can cause some annoying thigh scrapes. But you can trim the edges if you want to avoid any more scrapes. Even though the boat can carry 325 pounds, getting past 275 pounds may be pushing it beyond its limit, and the boat will ride low, and become more difficult to control.
– Small hull
The front of this kayak has no flotation and if it capsizes, ten feet can be vertically underwater while two feet will stick straight up. When the kayak sinks, you can't drag it by yourself, and you'll need an airbag if you want to make your kayak safe. Some people are not happy with spending $875 to buy the kayak, and then spending another $50 on the airbag. The hull is a bit small and people with big feet may not fit in comfortably.
– No drain plug
Another major issue is the lack of a drain plug, which is quite disappointing considering the other good features on the boat. The shiny plastic on the kayak scratches easily, but you expect that from plastic. The kayak is not ideal for paddling through very fast rapids because the water is going to dump into your cockpit. Even though paddling is easy when the conditions are smooth, you might find it a bit tough in windy conditions. The kayak's bow profile gives it a lift, but the top has a low profile and so it will torpedo as opposed to riding and sliding down a high wave.
Final Recommendations
The Pungo 120 Angler Kayak is good for a beginner, and you can improve your paddling because of its stability, maneuverability and tracking . If you remove the console, it can provide you with some room to take another person or a small dog with you. On flat water, the kayak rides well, and even though it takes longer to turn, the boat isn't too bad. We would definitely recommend this kayak for an upgrade of an older version or a present to yourself.
Where to Buy
Resources
Wilderness Systems Official Website
Here at D23 Sony just announced there there's going to be a new themed variant of the PS4 console — and that theme is Darth Vader himself. The console features an etching of Darth Vader's profile across the front of the console, and will come in two different bundles: one with the deluxe edition of Star Wars: Battlefront, and another with the "saga starter pack" edition of Disney Infinity 3.0. That version of Battlefront comes with some exclusive DLC, like Han Solo's blaster, while the Sony-exclusive saga starter pack features the Infinity playsets for both the prequel and original Star Warstrilogies, and comes with the Boba Fett Infinity action figure.
Perhaps even more enticing for long-time Star Wars gaming fans, the bundles will also come with download codes for four games that have been reworked to work on the console: Super Star Wars, Racer Revenge, Jedi Starfighter, and Bounty Hunter. Both bundles will be available on November 17th, with the Infinity version exclusive to Wal-Mart. Sony will also release a Battlefront bundle with a standard console that also includes the coupon for the four classic game downloads.
Flipkart is now taking pre-orders for Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL, which were unveiled at a special event in San Francisco last week. Price in India for the Google Pixel starts at Rs. 57,000 and Flipkart is promising delivery of these smartphones by October 25.
(Also see: Google Pixel Price in India, Release Date, Specifications, and More)
While only three SKUs of the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL smartphones are up for pre-order on Flipkart right now, a Google spokesperson confirmed to Gadgets 360 that the rest of the SKUs will go up for pre-order later on Thursday. Google unveiled the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones in two storage capacities, and three colours, out of which we were told the Really Blue colour won't launch in India, leaving us with two colours. So two phones, two storage capacities, and two possible colours would mean a total of eight SKUs, all of which will become available for pre-orders on Thursday.
As launch day offers, Flipkart is offering exchange discount up to Rs. 27,000 on the new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, as well as electronic gift vouchers of 10 percent of the value of the smartphone you buy for the first 1000 Pixel/ Pixel XL smartphone buyers.
To recall, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones sport an aluminium unibody and also feature polished glass combination at the back. Both phones are powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, with two cores clocked at 1.6GHz, and two cores clocked at 2.15GHz. The Pixel and Pixel XL will pack 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM and sport Pixel Imprint fingerprint sensor. The smartphones sport 12.3-megapixel rear camera with a Sony IMX378 sensor, PDAF, a large f/2.0 aperture and 1.55-micron pixels.
(Also see: Hands On With the Google Pixel and Pixel XL)
Both sport an 8-megapixel front camera with a Sony IMX179 sensor, an f/2.4 aperture and 1.4-micron pixels. The Google Pixel sports a 5-inch full-HD Amoled display and the Google Pixel XL sports a 5.5-inch Quad HD Amoled display - both with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection. Both the models will be available with almost identical innards except the screen size and battery size.
Google has specified however that both smartphones have access to unlimited storage for full-resolution photos and videos via Google Photos. The Android 7.1 Nougat-based Pixel smartphones will come with a USB Type-C port and will include the 3.5mm audio jack. The smartphones are also IP53 rated for dust and water resistance.
Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.
Imagine you're walking down the street with your child and a stranger shouts, “Get out of my country. Go home, terrorist!” You're at the playground, and you notice a mother pulling their child away from yours, looking at you with suspicion.
These are some of the experiences Sarah Khan has had to live with since the attacks on 9/11. As a devout Muslim woman, she's easily identifiable because of their appearance and their headscarf.
One incident Khan still remembers vividly is when a vehicle sped up, and drove towards them at a Walmart parking lot. “I was walking with my infant child,” said Khan. The cruel words and attacks led Khan to withdraw both physically and psychologically from the world.
They were eventually diagnosed with social anxiety disorder and agoraphobia. Initially, they tried to manage their anxiety with a combination of medications, but they say, “The medications, including Xanax, eventually stopped being effective.”
Even in therapy, they were met with hurtful comments. One therapist told Khan, “Your people are causing trouble all over the world,” they share.
After struggling for many years with overwhelming anxiety and fear of people, they finally decided they needed a more intensive treatment. They signed up for an outpatient treatment program at Linden Oaks Behavioral Health.
The treatment program was a combination of mindfulness, acceptance therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy. Khan says, “I was in the treatment program, every day, for about four hours over a course of four weeks.”
In the program, they learned coping skills and became less reactionary to the hateful comments and attacks. “I became desensitized to the word 'terrorist,'” says Khan.
After the treatment program, they were armed with a lot of tools to help them manage their anxiety and agoraphobia, but they also realized that the tools weren't enough. “I needed a safe space to practice these tools,” said Khan.
They eventually found this safe space at Toastmasters, a global organization devoted to communication and leadership skills development. Initially, they experienced anxiety even at the Toastmasters meetings, but, they shared, “With the acceptance, empathy from the 'Americans' at the meeting, my anxiety eventually lessened.” Khan says, “The people at Toastmasters, exemplify diversity and inclusion.”
They began to recognize that just as strangers feared her, they also feared them. Just as strangers generalized and put them into one giant category of being a Muslim “terrorist” simply because of their appearance, they began to see that they too are overgeneralizing, fearing everyone.
Eventually, Khan made a career transition, from a fashion designer to public speaker and trainer. Now, they call themselves a diversity and interfaith speaker, and they offer their message of inter-community harmony, as well as increasing social harmony at schools, churches and corporate settings.
They also offer workshops within their community to talk about acceptance. “I've learned to put myself in the other person's shoes. This helps me to understand other people's perspective,” says Khan. They believe that it's only through getting to know an individual that we can begin to break down the barriers—the “us”-versus-“the other” way of thinking.
“I put myself in situations where people can get to know me. This helps others recognize that I'm not different from others,” says Khan.
Sometimes, when she's offering these workshops in public, people will ask their questions such as, “Why are you people so different from others?” They explain that “when you get to know the individual, you no longer 'other-ize' people. You start to recognize the common humanity. This helps to build bridge.”
They always tell people, “Throughout history, there has always been marginalized group for political gain. Get to know someone from that community. If you develop a personal relationship, that fear diminishes. You'll see similarities.”
This is a 3D recreation of the iconic Built To Scale minigame (or more accurately, Built To Scale 2 ) from Rhythm Heaven for the Nintendo DS. The model was developed in Maya, rendered with Mental Ray, and composited in Photoshop. I've always loved Built To Scale; it was the minigame that convinced me to get the full game and I think it's one of the best minigames in the entire Rhythm Heaven series. It's perhaps one of the best designed introductory stages I've ever seen. It's a travesty it wasn't in Megamix.Patrons can get access to an unwatermarked HD Render as well as the Maya, PSD, and Render Layers project files with their pledge.In addition, I'm hoping to make Maya tutorial videos for Patrons explaining the basics of Maya, as well as explaining how you could make a simple piece like this yourself using nothing but Maya's built-in functions.Until next time, stay Sparktacular!
Controversial horror classic Henry: Portrait of Serial Killer gets 4K restoration and theatrical re-release
John McNaughton's sorta-true 1986 crime drama Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer was so shocking to the MPAA, they literally did not want you to see it. Because of this, the film was hotly debated and the notorious ratings board endlessly taken to task about their attacks on a movie that, while monumentally disturbing, really reveals very little on-screen gore. The film got an X and it took four years before it found a distributor bold enough to release it.
Now, on the 30th anniversary of its momentous debut, Henry is back with a 4K restoration re-release nationwide via Dark Sky Films, with major theatrical engagements to begin on October 21, 2016.
The film will come “home” on October 14, 2016, as Dark Sky partners with the Chicago International Film Festival for a large-scale event, including a festival red-carpet premiere and a Q&A with star Michael Rooker (Merle on The Walking Dead) and director John McNaughton in attendance.
Henry is loosely based on a true story and charts the adventures of the titular heavy (Rooker), a psychopathic drifter who has coldly murdered a number of people for no particular reason and without any remorse. Leaving bodies in their wake, Henry makes their way to Chicago, where they settle into the run-down apartment of their drug-dealing former prison friend and occasional roommate Otis (Tom Towles).
Also moving into the space is Otis's younger sister Becky (Tracy Arnold), who is fleeing their abusive husband. As they fend off their brother's incestuous advances, Becky finds themselves attracted to Henry – unaware that he, along with Otis, are continuing their murderous rampage.
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer opens in New York on October 21. McNaughton will attend the film's New York premiere, at the Landmark Sunshine Cinema and on October 28, McNaughton will present it at the Laemmle NoHo in Los Angeles.
What are your thoughts on this vital piece of horror history?
Microbes improve soil quality by cycling nutrients and breaking plant residues down into soil organic matter. In an effort to detect consistent patterns across a large geographical area, University of Illinois researchers conducted a meta-analysis of 62 studies examining the effect of tillage on soil microbes. No-till systems had greater soil microbial biomass and enzymatic activity. Tilled systems that used a chisel plow were equivalent to no-till systems, in terms of microbial biomass.
For the past several decades, farmers have been abandoning their plows in favor of a practice known as no-till agriculture. Today, about one-third of U.S. farmers are no longer tilling their fields, and still more are practicing conservation tillage -- using equipment that only disturbs the soil to a minimal degree. No-till and, to a lesser degree, conservation tillage maintains or improves soil quality by preserving soil structure and moisture, increasing soil organic matter, and providing habitat for soil microbes.
It's the microbes that matter most.
"Soil microbes are the workhorses of the soil. They break down crop residues and release nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, and other nutrients back to the soil so they're plant-available. We want a healthy, diverse microbial community so that those processes can happen and improve our soils," says University of Illinois doctoral student Stacy Zuber.
Until now, most studies linking tillage intensity and microbial activity have been done at the scale of individual farms. Most of these studies do find more soil microbes with no-till management, but the magnitude of that result varies a lot from farm to farm. That's because each farm is influenced by different environmental factors, agronomic practices, and soil type. Where no-till is compared with tillage, the type of equipment and tillage depth also differs.
Zuber wanted to cut through the confusion to detect a true "signal" of the effect of tillage on soil microbes. To do that, they compiled and analyzed data from 62 studies from all across the globe.
"When you're doing individual field experiments -- even if you have several in one area -- you're still focused on the one region," Zuber notes. "Sometimes it's hard to see the big picture because there's so much variability. The meta-analysis allowed us to look at different field studies from around the globe to determine the overall effect. This process lets us see that big picture."
Zuber compared measures of microbial biomass and metabolic activity in no-till and tilled systems. For tilled systems, they included categories that accounted for the type of tillage equipment and tillage depth. They also accounted for the nitrogen fertilization rate, mean temperature and precipitation, the presence or absence of cover crops, and other variables.
When the data from all 62 studies were analyzed together, it turned out that microbial biomass and enzymatic activity were greater in no-till than in tilled systems. In tilled systems, the type of tillage equipment mattered. In contrast to other tillage equipment, such as moldboard plows or disc plows, the use of chisel plows was associated with greater microbial biomass. Chisel plows, which theoretically result in minimal soil disturbance, are commonly used as part of a conservation tillage system.
But experimental use of a chisel plow, as represented in the studies Zuber analyzed, may be different from how they are used in the real world.
"Tillage seems simple: you break up the soil or you don't. Things get complicated when you start looking at tillage implements, because there is no clear definition and common use for them. You can have two implements called chisel plows, but they can work the soil completely differently. For example, if they go across the field in one pass, that's not much disturbance. But if they make two or three passes, it's a lot more disruptive," Zuber explains.
The study suggests that since soil microbial biomass and enzymatic activity can stand in as proxies for soil quality, farmers should consider moving toward no-till or conservation tillage systems.
Zuber says, "Helping the soil function better helps your crops grow better, and can also maintain high quality soil for sustainability purposes. In Illinois, we have such great soil; it's our biggest resource. Farmers can help protect it by making sure the microbial community is healthy."
The article, "Meta-analysis approach to assess effect of tillage on microbial biomass and enzyme activities," is published in Soil Biology & Biochemistry.
Islamabad, Pakistan - Hundreds of defiant anti-blasphemy protesters continue to block a major highway into the Pakistani capital Islamabad on Sunday, after a security forces operation failed to clear the demonstration a day earlier, resulting in at least five deaths, hospital officials said.
More than 217 people have also been wounded in the clashes, which saw police fire tear gas, rubber-coated steel bullets and water cannon at protesters, who fought back with stones and metal rods.
The government called in the Pakistani military late on Saturday to help control the situation, but on Sunday no soldiers were visible among the security forces cordon established to contain the protesters.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi held a high-level security meeting with Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa on Sunday to discuss the situation.
The demonstrators have been blocking the Faizabad interchange, a major entry point into Islamabad, since November 8, demanding the resignation of the federal Law Minister Zahid Hamid over perceived blasphemy.
Anti-blasphemy protests explained On November 8, hundreds of anti-blasphemy protesters entered the Pakistani capital Islamabad to protest against a slight change in the country's electoral law, which they saw as a softening of the state's position against Ahmadi Muslims. The protesters are led by Khadim Hussain Rizvi, a firebrand cleric who has long campaigned against Ahmadi Muslims, accusing them of blasphemy and regularly inciting violence against them. While the government reversed the change in the electoral law even before the protesters arrived in Islamabad, they are now demanding federal law minister Zahid Hamid, who they consider responsible for the change, be fired and face criminal charges.
Since then, the protesters have blocked a major access route to the Pakistani capital and rebuffed several attempts at negotiation by the government.Led by cleric Khadim Hussain Rizvi, they hold Hamid responsible for a slight change in the wording of a recently passed electoral law, which they consider softening the State's position against Ahmadi Muslims.
Last week, the Islamabad High Court ordered the government to clear the protest as they were causing a huge inconvenience to commuters between Islamabad and its twin city of Rawalpindi.
Protesters hold position
After the earlier assault, security forces had backed off to a distant outer perimeter on Sunday.
"We are holding our positions until we receive further orders," said Naeem Iqbal, an Islamabad police spokesperson.
At the Faizabad interchange, hundreds of protesters continued to occupy the road, gathered around a makeshift stage where protest leaders have been addressing them.
Many of the protesters were armed with sticks or metal rods, and some held riot shields snatched from the police during the unsuccessful operation to clear the area.
The entry points to the demonstration are policed by masked protesters wearing yellow construction helmets emblazoned with the name of Rizvi's political party, the Tehreek Labbaik Pakistan.
Sitting on thatched mats or blankets, many of the protesters were reading the newspapers, whose front pages were dominated by news of the clashes on Saturday.
{articleGUID}
Pakistan's media regulator lifted a ban on all television news channels on Sunday evening, after blocking transmissions for more than 24 hours. The regulator had said live coverage of the protest was hindering security operations.
Authorities also blocked access to social media sites Twitter, Facebook and Instagram nationwide, as some protesters had begun using them to broadcast live video from the demonstration.
Late on Saturday, several smaller protests had developed in Karachi, Pakistan's largest city, as well as in Lahore, Gujranwala and Faisalabad.
Major highways in Punjab province, Pakistan's most populous, remained closed due to the protests on Sunday, said Imran Ahmed Shah, a motorway police spokesperson.
Asad Hashim is Al Jazeera's digital correspondent in Pakistan. They tweet @AsadHashim
Jersey Shore success may have gone to Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino's head, but their wallet is also feeling the aftereffects of infamy. They will be taking home $5 million this year and is estimated to earn double in 2011.
Sorrentino is reported to be pocketing $60,000 per episode in season three of the Jersey Shore, but the T.V. show that launched their apparently blossoming career is not the only source of income. Several endorsements, appearances, a scheduled book release, an exercise video and a spot on "Dancing With the Stars" will also line the New Yorker's pockets.
Jersey $core: Situation set to net $5 million in gui-dough (New York Post)
More Entertainment News:
• Miss Mexico Clinches Miss Universe Crown (ABC News)
• Blagojevich appears on Jon Stewart's show (Associated Press)
• Actress Nancy Dolman, wife of Martin Short, passes away (Entertainment Weekly)
Last weekend a grappling tournament called Global Grappling was held in Hungary. BJJ Eastern Europe were sent a picture of one of the competitors who stepped on the mat with a large patch which had the Celtic cross (can be seen as a symbol of Fascism) and the inscription “White Pride” which left no doubt of the meaning of the patch. (See picture above). We decided to publish the picture on our Facebook page and over 150 messages from all over the world either expressed revolt or some kind of support or understanding.
We were also contacted by the 3 main BJJ academies of Hungary (Carlson Gracie, Gracie Barra and Rickson Gracie Pecs) who all expressed their disapproval and revolt.
The organizer of the tournament wrote this letter of apology and decided to abn the individual in question from all further tournaments:
“Dear friends!
While I am writing this letter as usual, on behalf of the Global Grappling team, I use also the first-person singular, indicating that I can take responsibility.
On Saturday, on our tournament, one of the contestants went to the tatami with
a fascist symbol on the back of their gi. Although I have seen, we have seen, did not realize the significance of this thing.
(Meanwhile I had conversation with their teamleader. They said they did not recogize it either…).
However, subsequently the behavior of this student, it is clear, that they are consious of the
ideas expressed (and this way: advertised) by himself, using this symbol. Therefore I am barring them from every competition of us in the future, and I apologize!
I'll do it even all the more, becouse I totally understand, somes are outraged with this incident and I do not want the Global Grappling tournament to give space for things not belong to precious sport.
Exactly for such cases, the competition is not open, it is invitational. We reserve te right to some registration to not accept.
Although there is no chance the t-shirts, tattoos, gis, rashguards to be previously interpreted and enabled by us, I would ask if anyone recognizes a symbol of nature offensive, let us know immediately, so that we can take action in time!
thank you for your attention, and please accept my honest apology!
László Berkes”
The Drug War is a Gateway to Police Perjury Time for a baldness fad in schools? » Blowback blowback Item 1: Los Angeles Times publishes an excellent editorial: The DEA's marijuana mistake But guess who bears responsibility for this level of ignorance? The DEA itself, which through its ultra-tight restrictions on marijuana has made it nearly impossible for researchers to obtain the drug for study, and the National Institute for Drug Abuse, which controls the availability of the tiny quantity of research-grade marijuana that is federally approved for production. Item 2: The DEA responds: The DEA's pot defense [Blowback] by Robert Bonner – full of deceptions and misdirections. And yet the editorial is based on the myth that the DEA has made it “nearly impossible” for researchers to obtain marijuana for such scientific studies. To the contrary, not a single scientifically valid study by a qualified researcher has ever been denied by the DEA or, for that matter, by the National Institute of Drug Abuse. And there is ample government-grown marijuana, specifically for research, available at the marijuana farm run by the University of Mississippi. More surprising, as your editorial points out, is that there is still no scientifically valid study that proves that marijuana is effective, much less safe, as a medicine. […] Essentially, I invited those who advocate marijuana use as a medicine to conduct research and then present it to the DEA. I laid out a road map for what they needed to do. If scientifically valid studies demonstrated that marijuana was “effective” and “safe,” as the FDA defines those terms, the agency would reclassify marijuana into one of the other schedules. It is amazing that 20 years later there is still no such scientific study establishing that marijuana is effective as a medicine. And yet in the interim, the well-funded marijuana lobby, including the National Assn. for the Reform of Marijuana Laws and others, have spent tens of millions of dollars on convincing voters to pass medical marijuana initiatives based on anecdotes but not science. […] One can only conclude the marijuana proponents did not go this route because doing so would have shown that cannabis is not an effective and safe medicine. Alternatively, we are left to conclude that their agenda was not about marijuana to help sick people, but rather was getting voters to pass medical marijuana initiatives as a wedge to legalize the drug for “recreational” use. Item 3: Noted scientist Rick Doblin (of Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS)) responds. I have put my full energies for the last 20+ years into trying to conduct FDA-approved medical marijuana drug development research. Unfortunately, my experience, to which I hope you will give some credence, is exactly opposite of the open door to research that you claim exists. MAPS has obtained FDA and IRB approval for three different protocols to which NIDA refused to sell any marijuana, preventing the studies from taking place. In addition, NIDA refused for 7 years to sell MAPS 10 grams (!!) of marijuana for laboratory research investigating the vapors that come out of the Volcano vaporizer, compared to smoke from combusted marijuana. Furthermore, MAPS has been involved for the last decade in litigation against DEA for refusing to license Prof. Craker, UMass Amherst, to grow marijuana exclusively for use in federally regulated research. In 2007, DEA Administrative Law Judge Bittner recommended, after extensive hearings with witness testimony, that it would be in the public interest for DEA to license Prof. Craker to grow marijuana under contract to MAPS, ending the NIDA monopoly on the supply of marijuana legal for use in FDA-regulated studies. DEA waited for almost two years and then rejected the ALJ recommendation just six days before the inauguration of Pres. Obama. On May 11, 2012, oral arguments took place before the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals in a lawsuit by Prof. Craker challenging DEA's rationale for rejecting the DEA ALJ recommendation. A ruling is currently pending from the 1st Circuit. From my perspective, DEA's rationale for rejecting the DEA ALJ recommendation is arbitrary and capricious, but of course what matters is what the 1st Circuit will eventually decide. […] My conclusion is opposite of yours, when you said, “One can only conclude the marijuana proponents did not go this route because doing so would have shown that cannabis is not an effective and safe medicine.” Rather, one can only conclude that privately-funded medical marijuana drug development research is being aggressively and actively obstructed by DEA/NIDA/PHS because they know it can be scientifically proven that marijuana, smoked or vaporized, is both safe and effective.
Story highlights State-run news says officers were operating metal detectors outside concert hall
"Suspicious young man" blew themselves up when cops approached them
It was not clear whether bomber survived explosion
Five police officers were killed Sunday in a terror attack in Chechnya , according to Russian state news.
RIA Novosti said 12 others -- including four officers -- were injured in the attack Sunday evening outside a concert in the capital city of Grozny.
Police operating metal detectors set up outside a concert hall noticed a "suspicious young man," the agency said, and "when police officers decided to inspect and identify him, they blew themselves up."
The Russian Interior Ministry's press service identified the man as Opti Mudarov, a 19-year-old native of Grozny, and said they had "not been seen by their relatives since they left home two months ago."
It was not immediately clear whether the bomber survived the blast.
Chechnya, a mostly Sunni Muslim republic of more than 1.2 million in Russia's North Caucasus region, has been engaged in bloody conflict with Russia for decades.
Some beauty is revealed only at a second glance. When viewed with the human eye, the giant asteroid Vesta, which was the object of scrutiny by the Dawn spacecraft from 2011 to 2012, is quite unspectacular color-wise. Vesta looks grayish, pitted by a variety of large and small craters.
But scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Katlenburg-Lindau, Germany, have re-analyzed the images of this giant asteroid obtained by Dawn's framing camera. They assigned colors to different wavelengths of light and, in the process, revealed in unprecedented detail not only geological structures that are invisible to the naked eye, but also landscapes of incomparable beauty.
Researchers at Max Planck can now see structures such as melts from impacts, craters buried by quakes and foreign material brought by space rocks, visible with a resolution of 200 feet (60 meters) per pixel.
"The key to these images is the seven color filters of the camera system on board the spacecraft," said Andreas Nathues, the framing camera team lead at Max Planck. Since different minerals reflect light of different wavelengths to different degrees, the filters help reveal compositional differences that remain hidden without them. In addition, scientists calibrated the data so that the finest variations in brightness can be seen.
In the new colorized images, different colors indicate different materials on the surface of Vesta. They reveal impressive formations and a wide range of geological diversity, said Nathues. But above all, the color-coded images are impressive because of their beauty.
"No artist could paint something like that. Only nature can do this," said Martin Hoffman, a member of the framing camera team also at Max Planck. Pictures of the crater Aelia, the crater Antonia and an area near the crater Sextilia show some of Vesta's most impressive sites.
Dawn visited Vesta from July 2011 to September 2012. The spacecraft is currently on its way to its second destination, the dwarf planet Ceres. Ceres is the largest object in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
The Dawn mission to Vesta and Ceres is managed by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. UCLA is responsible for overall Dawn mission science. The Dawn framing cameras were developed and built under the leadership of the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, Katlenburg-Lindau, Germany, with significant contributions by DLR German Aerospace Center, Institute of Planetary Research, Berlin, and in coordination with the Institute of Computer and Communication Network Engineering, Braunschweig. The framing camera project is funded by the Max Planck Society, DLR and NASA.
More information on Dawn is available at: http://www.nasa.gov/dawn and http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov .
News Media Contact
Jia-Rui Cook 818-354-0850Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.jccook@jpl.nasa.govBirgit Krummheuer +49 5556-979-462Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, Katlenburg-Lindau, Germanypresse@mps.mpg.de2013-367
19 Obvious A/B Tests You Should Run on Your Website
Conversion rate optimization isn't an easy game to play, especially if you're a new kid on the block. There are some great resources to help you, though, like MecLabs and MarketingSherpa.
The real problem with CRO is in knowing how to start and what to test. This post covers the latter.
But, first, there is one thing to keep in mind: testing every random aspect of your website can often be counter-productive. You can blow time and money on software, workers, and consultants, testing things that won't increase your website revenue enough to justify the tests in the first place.
So, if one of the following tests makes sense for your specific business, go ahead and run it. If not, try another one.
Typography
Typography is proven to affect conversions in a major way, but casually testing each Google font won't get you anywhere. There are a few aspects of typography you need to test first before getting specific with typefaces.
1. Serif vs. Sans Serif
Serif typefaces are accented with various widths for each line in a character and contain flourishes (for example, Times New Roman). Sans serif typefaces are just the opposite, plain with a consistent width (like Arial).
Web Designer Depot recommends using sans serif, but interestingly, Georgia (a serif typeface) is by far the most popular typeface on the web.
Try both varieties to see which works best for your website.
As per a WDD infographic, sans serifs are best for the web, and serifs for print.
2. Colors
For your blog, your long-form copy, and most of the text on your website, always go with black (dark) text on a white (light) background. It's a traditional color scheme our eyes are accustomed to.
For your calls to action and other smaller, more impactful text elements, however, test each of the basic eight colors (or whatever colors fit with your design). Always remember this principle: what stands out gets clicked.
3. Font Size
Tahoma is most legible at 10 px, Verdana and Courier at 12, and Arial at 14 px (Wichita Psychology).
Whatever typeface you choose, make sure that you test the differences in user engagement and click-throughs according to the size of the font.
4. Typefaces
Finally, we get to the most tedious typography test – typefaces. Take this one with a grain of salt. Don't test each of the 700+ Google fonts available. Doing so would be very counter-productive. Only test a few of the major ones that harmonize with your design.
When testing these, you'll also want to go with an A/B/C/D/etc. test. Test multiple typefaces at a time.
A graph representing the legibility of different typefaces at different font sizes
Calls to Action
Lightship Digital's (awesome) CTA
Your call to action (CTA) is the most influential element on your landing page. Period.
As such, it requires a substantial amount of experimentation. Here are a few of the main call to action “ingredients” you need to test.
5. Position
Too often, web designers put the call-to-action button in the middle of the landing page above the fold, and just leave it there, because it's what you're “supposed” to do.
But did you know that locating your CTA below the fold could increase your conversion rate by 304% (Content Verve)? Don't take anything for granted: test above the fold, below the fold, in the middle/left/right of the page, and relationship to text elements.
6. Color
No surprise here – color is a biggie in most CRO tests. Many have read this post on HubSpot about how a red CTA button beat a green one with a 21% increase in conversions. But a similar test in the Content Verve post (linked to in test #5 above) detailed how a green “add to cart” button got 35.81% more sales for an e-commerce store than a blue one.
So, again (as in test #2 above), a contrasting color that is distinct and stands out from the other elements on the page seems to work best. Experiment to see what works for your CTA.
For Performable, a red CTA button produced more conversions than a green one.
7. Text
As the most crucial copy on your landing page, your call-to-action button text needs to be tested heavily. Try out various lengths, pronouns, power words, and action verbs. Back when the 2007 U.S. election campaigns were in progress, Obama raised an extra $60 million just by changing their CTA button text from “Sign Up” to “Learn More” (Optimizely). Yes, that's a 60 million dollar test.
Don't miss out on those potential returns.
Pricing Schemes
This section encompasses more than just what price you set for your product/software. You also have to think about free trials and money-back guarantees.
8. Freemium vs. Free Trial vs. Money-Back Guarantees
To allow prospects to try products (and yes, product demos are important), vendors usually offer at least one of three models: a very basic freemium product with limited features that can be used forever, a time-sensitive free trial that allows users to experience all the bells and whistles, and a time-sensitive money-back guarantee.
Changing from a freemium software model to a 14-day free trial increased Acuity Scheduling's paid signups by over 268%. Try each model to see which works best for your business.
Generally, free trials induce more conversions than money-back guarantees.
9. Free Trial Length
If a time-sensitive free trial is what works for your website, then how long should that free trial be? 7 days? 14, 21, 30? Test it!
This post on Sixteen Ventures mentions how shortening a 30-day free trial to 14 days proved to be a profitable choice for a SaaS company. Depending on your particular niche, the results may vary. As you can see below, for Crazy Egg, a 14-day free trial is the sweet spot.
Free trial of 30 days or 14 days? For Crazy Egg, the sweet spot was 14.
10. Pricing Each Plan
Finally, don't forget to experiment with your pricing plans. Not only should you try out different prices for plans (should your price by $x9 or $x7?), but you also should play around with the features of each to make your higher-ticket plans convert better.
Oh, and don't forget: decoy pricing models are the bomb.
For the Economist, the decoy print-only subscription pricing was a bottom line booster.
Landing Page Copywriting
The art of persuasion through words on a page – copywriting – is another essential part of a landing page. Great copywriting is never great on the very first draft; it requires careful testing to ensure maximum impact.
11. Short-Form Copy vs. Long-Form Copy
From a philosophical point of view, short-form copy should work better than its longer rival. After all, humans have a shorter attention span than goldfish, right?
Unfortunately, that isn't a set-in-stone rule at all. For example, after testing their personal website, Neil Patel found that long-form copy produced 7.6% more leads (better-quality ones as well). On the other side of the spectrum, a Scandinavian gym chain got 11% more conversions with shorter copy (Content Verve).
The takeaway? TEST to discover what works for your business.
Your landing page copy: short-form or long-form? TEST.
12. Video vs. Text Sales Pages
Video copy is both difficult and expensive to create; hence, the general preference for text-based copywriting. But could you be missing out on potential conversions by failing to test video copy? Maybe so.
Depending on the size and capital of your business, you'll have to decide whether a video sales page is worth it (and don't forget text and video combinations).
This video landing page helped Six Pack Ab Exercises improve conversions by 46.15%. What could a video do for your business?
13. Actual Text
As with typefaces, testing hundreds of different versions of your text-based copy, each with only a small change from its predecessor, can be a fruitless waste of time and money.
So, while you should continually edit and experiment with your copy, remember to look at the bigger picture. Don't get hung up on every other word.
More General Tests
The following are various A/B tests that don't fit in any of the above categories. They fall under sales funnels, website design/structure, and more.
14. Number of Columns
Multiple-column landing pages definitely look a whole lot cooler than those with single columns.
But in CRO, coolness doesn't count.
In fact, a SaaS company increased their conversion rate by 680.6% when they changed their two-column pricing page to a single-column page (Marketing Experiments).
15. Background Images and Patterns
Your landing page background (a solid color, pattern, or image) has a very consequential subliminal effect on your readers. If you haven't tested different background varieties yet, you're leaving money on the table.
Dell changed the background of their conversion page from solid white to a people-centric image and watched conversions skyrocket by 36%.
Don't leave money on the table by forgetting to test background images.
16. Navigation Links
Your navigational menu's presentation affects how and if you can get visitors to your money pages (your pricing page, contact form, etc.).
Test the number of links, the color of the menu, its position, etc.
17. Link Color
Trying to get visitors to click links from your blog post to your money page? Test the link color.
The presentation of your internal links isn't something that most people associate with CRO right off the bat. But when you think about it, internal link color really can have a huge impact on the number of visitors that get into your sales funnel.
Take Beamax, for example, which increased link CTR by 53.13% by changing their link color to red from the standard blue (Visual Website Optimizer).
What stands out gets clicked.
18. Contact Form Fields
If your objective is to get contact/quote requests from your website, then the format of your contact form is critical to your conversion rate.
Test the number of fields (bare minimum is usually best) and the types of fields (checkbox vs. drop-down) to elicit more form submissions.
Neil Patel changed the number of contact form fields from 4 to 3 for a 26% boost in conversions.
19. Number of Steps in Your Checkout Process
Case study after case study has proven that single-step checkouts will almost always convert significantly better than multi-page checkouts. If you've never considered a single-step checkout before, it's time to test one.
The 10 Weirdest A/B Tests Guaranteed to Double Your Business Growth
Sometimes it's not the most obvious A/B tests that drive the most growth. Instead, it can be the unconventional tests, the ones you would have never thought would make an impact, that prove to be the most valuable.
About the Author: Stephen Walsh helps website owners make more money through conversion rate optimization and advanced PPC management. Contact them at Lightship Digital or say “Hi” on Google+ and Twitter.
BlizzCon presents an incentive for real-life tailors and engineers to take up their needle and thread and their cardboard and spray paint, in order to fashion amazingly realistic recreations of their favorite Blizzard characters and creatures. After this year's costume contest, we invited the winners to write articles on the art of costume-craft for us to share with the community. Here's the third entry in the series, written by Justin, who won third place for their take on Deathwing.
Pain!…
Agony!…
My name is Justin Floyd, and I am Deathwing. Rather, I was Deathwing. This costume started at the insistence of my wife, who decided I would fit the character of the deranged former Earth Warder quite well, which I'm not sure is a compliment. Without their help, this costume would not have been possible (mainly because my artistic ability is confined to stick figures and shadow puppets).
Let me start off by saying that I have a deep fondness for the Blizzard community. I met my wife at BlizzCon 2005 and many guildies at other BlizzCons along the way, some of whom I consider close friends. I've played Blizzard games since Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness was released, and it is the community and storytelling that always brings me back. Getting to be a Warcraft character for a day was awesome and the support from fellow BlizzCon attendees was amazing.
We started planning and working on the costume in April and literally finished it an hour before I had to be backstage. Of course this means I missed a lot of the cosplay meet-ups, but considering some of the mishaps we had, we're lucky we got it finished!
The costume was constructed from a variety of materials including green Styrofoam, papier mâché, paper clay, leather, Wonderflex (a thermoplastic -- just heat and bend!), fabric, and foam rubber mats (interlocking squares usually used for the garage or kids' playrooms).
Styrofoam was carved and covered in paper clay for the shoulders and various spikes. Foam rubber mats were used for the bracers, boots, and chest. Leather was used in a variety of areas, including the chest and loincloth. The legplates and belt were created with Wonderflex, which is truly wonderful!
Question: How did I keep everything on?
Answer: Lots of Velcros.
Walking around in costume is harder than it looks. To start, I didn't realize I needed a spotter until I walked straight into a fire hydrant and dented one of my boot spikes. This wasn't a big deal, since we packed some extra black paint. While waiting for my wife to get the paint from our room, I was striking a few poses for several nice people who wanted a picture. Apparently, range of motion is very limited when you're wearing two feet of badassery on your shoulders, and to my horror, I felt my pauldrons slipping off! I went to grab for one but it was too late and the other shoulder crashed to the sidewalk. A few of the foam/paper spikes broke off. We had to trek all the way back to the hotel room, glue everything back together, and march… well, waddle back to the Anaheim Convention Center.
After my initial walk across the stage during the costume contest, I was ready to exit the area and try my hand as a fuzzy, lovable Pandaren. Needless to say, I was completely dumbfounded when I was pulled aside and asked to “wait right here.” It was a little nerve-wracking going on stage a second time, but it made for a good YouTube video to show the family. All in all, I learned more about costume construction than I bargained for, but I also learned how fun it can be. I'll never forget the experience -- and how could I, when I now have a huge mace that lights up hanging on my wall?
In case you were wondering, I did go to Disneyland.
Okay, maybe I didn't go dressed as Deathwing, but I was able to treat my guild to an unforgettable day at the park after winning third place. Two of my guildies had never been to California, let alone Disneyland, so it was nice to be able to do something special for them after BlizzCon.
P.S. FOR THE ALLIANCE!
A bill moving through the Oklahoma Legislature could allow many non-violent misdemeanor offenders to avoid a lengthy stay in county jail.
But it comes with a catch: Inmates would have to volunteer their work for free.
The program could save the counties money, but some inmate advocates cite a risk that it could lead to exploitation of inmates with loose oversight at county levels.
House Bill 3039, also known as the Debt to Society Act of 2016, has passed both the House and Senate with near-unanimous support. It only needs to clear one hurdle – the House approving a Senate amendment – before it goes to Gov. Mary Fallin.
The proposal would expand sheriffs' ability to set up community-service or work-release programs for inmates. The inmates could cut their jail sentence by one day for each eight-hour shift they work for the local government or a private employer.
The Oklahoma Department of Corrections now offers a similar option through its Prisoner Public Work Program. Counties don't usually offer such programs because, unlike the state, they lack certain liability protections, such as for lawsuits arising out of an inmate's injury on the job.
Rep. John Jordan, R-Oklahoma City, said they authored the bill to include these protections for counties so they can free up jail space and reduce their costs.
“We are just trying to be smart on crime,” they said. “Instead of 30 days in jail, we are going to have you work 30 days and serve your community.”
The bill wouldn't tap state funds. Instead, counties could fund the program by taking a portion of the pay inmates receive for their work, and inmates could keep the rest for valid personal uses or payment toward their fines and court fees.
The state's Prisoner Public Work Program requires inmates to be paid at least minimum wage for work-release jobs outside the prison. But up to 50 percent of the offender's wages can be used for “program support,” according to Corrections Department guidelines.
Jordan said the cost for the programs could also be offset by savings from not having to pay the more expensive costs to house, feed and care for the jail inmates. They added it is more likely that inmates would be used for community-service projects, such as cleaning up public roadways, than for work at private businesses.
Jordan added that offenders can choose whether or not to participate. And, they said, even if they receive little or no pay, they might still be able to pick up new skills or job references that could help them after.
The bill ultimately would allow these and other rules to be developed by the local sheriff with approval by a district court.
Kris Steele, a former state House speaker and director of The Education and Employment Ministry, which advocates for criminal justice reform, said they support the proposal but hopes that county programs could include safeguards against exploitation of inmate labor.
“Theoretically, this sounds like a win-win,” they said, adding, “if there is a way to reduce the jail population and actually use the time of a person who otherwise would be sitting in a jail cell and use their time productively, I think theoretically it could be a big benefit.”
Lynn Powell, director of OK-CURE, a nonprofit that focuses on jail and prison issues, said they also support the proposal but more oversight might be needed.
“Some states have set up a board for these type of things,” they said.
EXCLUSIVE: Parks and Recreation alums Rashida Jones and Nick Offerman are reuniting to voice the lead roles in White Fang, the animated film based on Jack London's classic 1906 novel. Alexandre Espirages, an Oscar winner for their short film Mr. Hublot, is attached to direct the pic, with Big Beach, French animation company Superprod and Luxembourg's Bidibul Productions producing.
Courtesy of Big Beach
It's the classic tale of a canine's pull between life in the wild and a life of domestication. Offerman and Jones will voice the married couple Weedon and Maggie Scott.
Dominique Monfery and Serge Frydman co-wrote the screenplay. Producers are Marc Turtletaub and Peter Saraf of Big Beach alongside Superprod's Oscar-nominated team Clément Calvet and Jérémie Fajner (Song of the Sea) and Bidibul's Lilian Eche and Christel Henon. Big Beach's Leah Holzer will serve as exec producer with Backup Media financing the development.
UTA Independent Film Group is handling North American sales, while SC Films International will rep the film internationally. Wild Bunch will distribute the film in France in March.
Jones and Offerman are repped by UTA.
Union Square - San Francisco, CA
Cormac M. | Author | Lost in the chaparral, NM
Two stars.
Given the way my uncle died havin a drink directly after their funeral just didnt seem right so I went for a walk instead. One of them downtowns where all there is is stores. Came across a store was a big cube. Two stories tall and all silver. There were folks outside just standin there. Line stretchin round the block. Maybe a hundred people. I saw a man who'd brought their own chair. They had a shirt on with the same logo as the one on the store. I figured they worked there so I asked them what the line was all about. What were all these people waitin for. They told me it was for a apple phone or some such. I said dont these folks have telephones already? They told me they all had apple phones but it was the older one. I asked them what would happen to the old apple phones. They told me about a fella named Craig had a list and everbody sold their old telephones on it. A telephone sellin list.
Well I told them that all made about as much sense as a horse with two heads and they laughed like that was the funniest thing they ever did hear. Said they were goin to twinkle it. I left before they said anythin else that didnt make no sense and I went to the nearest bar and ordered a double whiskey and sat there drinkin it. I guess I sat there for a long time. Wonderin if when Rome was fallin all the Romans was standin in line waitin to get that new chariot or the like. The barbarians at the gates and them just standin there waitin.
Somepony loves you! Hint: It's me.
With the help of Megan-Anne's math skills, I designed and knitted the Somepony Socks for a swap partner on Ravelry. (I'm mailing their package out tomorrow so let's hope they miss this post!) With my recent obsession with knitting socks and my swap partner's love of Fluttershy from My Little Pony, it was like a match made in knitter heaven. It took me FOREVER to get the color chart of Fluttershy just right, but I'm really happy with how it turned out.
Of course, it's easy to be pleased with how a product turned out when you knitted most of it on a sunny beach in Puerto Rico.
My only regret about the socks is that the butterflies around the cuff don't stand out. I picked the colors based on the character. In retrospect, I would've went with a lighter and brighter blue to make a better contrast with the grape, so that the butterflies from their cutie mark stood out better.
I also learned that I need to get a large set of sock blockers! We only have a medium since Megan-Anne and I are both size US 8 1/2, but my swap partner was more in the 9-10 range. So, not only are these socks unblocked, they're also a little baggy on my foot model.
Luckily, a certain Rogue Demon Hunter noticed I was upset and comforted me. They were super helpful as you can see:
Cuddly “helpful” kittens aside, I had a blast knitting these socks and I hope you will too! As my belated happy Valentines Day gifts to all of you, I'm giving away the pattern for free. Click on the link here to download the PDF: Somepony Socks.
It's an intermediate knit, which has unisex sizing* given in both men and women's US shoe sizes. The pattern calls for Valley Yarn Huntington Superwash Sock Yarn: 1(2, 2) balls Soft Grape (Color A); 1(2, 2) balls Mustard (Color B); 1 ball North Sea (Color C).
When you share pictures of your Somepony Socks on Instagram and Twitter, don't forget to tag me @jac_attacking and use the hashtag SomeponySocks, so we can all admire your handiwork!
~ Jac
*I got your back, Bronies.
*****
Did you enjoy this free pattern? Want to know when we release a new free pattern? Then join our email list via the link in the sidebar or follow us on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.
Like this: Like Loading...
A student at Edinburgh University in Scotland was threatened with removal from a council meeting for violating the ‘safe space' rules after raising their arms in the air.
After being accused of letting down disabled students by failing to respond to an open letter, Imogen Wilson, the Vice President of Academic Affairs at Edinburgh University, raised their arms in frustration and was thus subjected to a vote as to whether they should remain in the meeting.
“At that point, I raised my arms in disagreement, as we had contacted the writers of the letter and tried hard to organise a meeting. It was for that reason that a safe space complaint was made,” Wilson told HuffPost UK.
Section 6c of the Edinburgh Student Union's safe space policy says that council members must always be respectful and considerate.
The policy states: “Refraining from hand gestures which denote disagreement or in any other way indicating disagreement with a point or points being made. Disagreements should only be evident through the normal course of debate.”
When someone is accused of violating the ‘safe space' policy, a vote must determine whether they should be removed from the room. Fortunately for Wilson, 18 people voted to remove Wilson, while 33 voted for them to remain.
Interestingly, a petition against the safe space policy has been set up by Edinburgh students, which had over 1,000 signatures at the time of this story's publication. Charlie Peters, who set up the petition, wrote in an open letter that the policy was “unacceptable” and claimed that Adam Smith, a Scottish champion of freedom of speech, “would be ashamed” of the policy.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew or email at ben@yiannopoulos.net
This article is over 3 years old
Rare joint statement by world's first and third biggest carbon emitters calls on developed countries to honour pledge of $100bn annual climate aid by 2020
China and India call on rich countries to step up climate change efforts
China and India, the world's first and third biggest greenhouse gas emitters, projected a united front on climate change on Friday with a rare joint statement that asked rich countries to step up efforts to reduce global carbon emissions.
The statement, issued by the two largest developing nations during Indian prime minister Narendra Modi's visit to China, asked wealthy countries to provide finance, technology and other necessary support to emerging countries to help reduce their own emissions.
US pledges emissions cuts of up to 28% ahead of global climate treaty Read more
“The two sides urged the developed countries to raise their pre-2020 emission reduction targets and honour their commitment to provide $100bn (£64bn) per year by 2020 to developing countries,” the statement said.
While both countries stopped short of making any commitments, they said they would submit their respective plans to curb greenhouse gas emissions well before crucial global climate talks are held in Paris later this year.
India has been under pressure to make commitments after the top two emitters - China and the United States - agreed to new limits on carbon emissions starting in 2025.
Modi has signalled they will not bow to foreign pressure and will instead focus on increased use of clean energy to fight the adverse effects of climate change. They want to quintuple India's renewable energy capacity by 2022.
India cannot commit to emissions cuts as it still needs to industrialise and lift millions of people out of poverty, the government says.
Can Narendra Modi bring the solar power revolution to India? Read more
Both countries will continue to work together in areas such as clean energy technologies, energy conservation and renewable energy, the joint statement said.
“China and India are undertaking ambitious actions domestically on combating climate change ... despite the enormous scale of their challenges in terms of social and economic development and poverty eradication,” they said.
This post is also available in: Chinese (Traditional), Italian
Mexico City's government pledged in 2007 that it would build 300 km of bike lanes around the city by 2012. However, the city still only has 22.2 km because most money is allocated to car infrastructure, leaving aside non-motorized mobility. That's why the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy and the National Network for Urban Cycling (BiciRed) launched a campaign called ‘5% for bicycles and pedestrians', which asks national legislators to assign at least that percentage of the transportation budget to non-motorized infrastructure.
To promote that campaign and pressure legislators into action, several cycling and pedestrian organizations decided to paint their own bike lane in front of Congress on October 20th. This was our way of showing how little money and time is required to create quality infrastructure. We wanted to show that governments just need the will to promote non-motorized transport. However, that bike lane was efficiently erased just two days after it was painted, and no city official claimed responsibility.
We were all understandably angry, so we decided to do it all over again but better. We set a goal of painting a 5km bike lane that would end at Congress, the Wikicarril (wikilane). We funded our effort through Fondeadora, a crowd-sourcing site, and we managed to collect 13,500 pesos (about US$1,000) in just 4 days thanks to the collaboration of 37 generous supporters.
We bought paint, brushes and rollers. We built wood signs. We cut stencils. We borrowed a tricycle to carry everything. We invited everyone we knew and told them to come help. And on Sunday, November 6th, we were ready to start painting.
We worked in an assembly line. Some traced the priority triangles with tape and swept the ground to make sure it was clean. Another group painted the triangles green. There was another team that was in charge of white paint for the details and the PRIORITY legend. Others hung the signals in lamp posts. Some people moved up and down the street making sure each team had enough materials and bringing paint, stencils and water on their bikes. After each triangle was done we moved on bringing all the materials with us.
We were a large crowd of about 80 people, divided in teams all along the street. Cycling organizations joined in. Some people heard about it on Twitter and Facebook and met us there. Others brought their families.
It was very gratifying to see that the community welcomed our effort. Neighbors told us this was very much needed and that we should paint more. Some of the users along the route stopped and gave us moral support.
When we finally arrived to Congress, we got to repaint our efforts that had been erased. At that point, the police arrived for the first time. We talked to them for a bit, but, like every time we have have done this, we tell them we are just doing what government should be doing themselves.
After the police left us alone, we threw ourselves to paint the last priority triangle of the day. Of course, we were extremely tired in the end, but it was completely worth it.
We worked for 8 hours. We painted 5 kms. We spent less than 1000 dollars. How much would it cost to actually build the bicycle infrastructure the city needs?
Enjoyed this post? Read our new series – Urban Bicycle Networks and Sustainable Communities
In this Feb. 2, 2017 photo, Jay Schlauch poses for a photo outside Los Angeles Superior Court in Van Nuys after a judge reduced their felony conviction for selling marijuana to a misdemeanor. Thousands of people convicted of marijuana crimes in California have asked to get their records reduced since the state legalized recreational pot. When an opportunity arose to reduce their record to a misdemeanor under the voter-approved law that legalized recreational marijuana last year, Schlauch wasted little time getting to court. (AP Photo/Brian Melley)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Jay Schlauch's conviction for peddling pot haunted them for nearly a quarter century.
The felony prevented them from landing jobs, gave their wife doubts about tying the knot and cast a shadow over their typically sunny outlook on life.
So when an opportunity arose to reduce their record to a misdemeanor under California's voter-approved law that legalized recreational marijuana last year, Schlauch wasted little time getting to court.
“Why should I be lumped in with, you know, murderers and rapists and people who really deserve to get a felony?” they said.
This lesser-known provision of Proposition 64 allows some convicts to wipe their rap sheets clean and offers hope for people with past convictions who are seeking work or loans. Past crimes can also pose a deportation threat for some convicts.
It's hard to say how many people have benefited, but more than 2,500 requests were filed to reduce convictions or sentences, according to partial state figures reported through March. The figures do not yet include data from more than half of counties from the first quarter of the year.
While the state does not tally the outcomes of those requests, prosecutors said they have not fought most petitions.
Marijuana legalization advocates, such as the Drug Policy Alliance, have held free legal clinics to help convicts get their records changed. Lawyers who specialize in pot defense have noted a steady flow of interest from new and former clients.
Attorney Bruce Margolin said they got two to three cases a week, many of them decades old.
Margolin has spent most of their five-decade career fighting pot cases and pushing for legalization of marijuana, even making it a platform for unsuccessful runs for state Legislature and Congress.
A coffee table in the waiting room of their office is covered with copies of High Times magazine, a book called “Tokin' Women,” a history of women and weed, and copies of Margolin's own guide to marijuana laws in every state. Their office in the back of a bungalow in West Hollywood has the faint whiff of pot in the air.
Since the passage of Proposition 64, he's gotten convicts out of prison, spared others time behind bars and successfully knocked felonies down to misdemeanors.
But he's also encountered a lot of confusion about the law that went into effect immediately in November.
“They were totally unprepared,” Margolin said of judges and prosecutors in courts he's appeared in throughout the state. “It's amazing. You would have thought they should have had seminars to get them up to speed so we don't have to go through the process of arguing things that are obvious, but we're still getting that.”
That has not been the case in San Diego, where prosecutors watched polls trending in favor of marijuana legalization and moved proactively to prevent chaos, said Rachel Solov, chief of the collaborative courts division of the district attorney's office.
They learned lessons from the 2014 passage of Proposition 47, which reduced several nonviolent felonies to misdemeanors.
Prosecutors in the county researched which convicts serving time or probation were eligible for sentence reductions and notified the public defender's office so they could quickly get into court. Many were freed immediately, Solov said.
“Whether we agree with the law or not, our job is to enforce it,” Solov said. “It's the right thing to do. If someone's in custody and they shouldn't be in custody anymore, we have an obligation to address that.”
San Diego County led the state with the most number of petitions reported in the first two months after the law passed. It has reduced sentences or convictions in nearly 400 cases, Solov said.
In Mendocino County, where pot farming is big business and violent crimes are often tied to the crop, District Attorney C. David Eyster said they fight any case not eligible for a reduction, such as applicants with a major felony in their past, a sex offense or two previous convictions for the same crime.
They said they would also fight a reduction if someone is caught cultivating weed while committing an environmental crime, such as stealing or polluting water. Otherwise — in a quirk that has some in law enforcement baffled — someone caught with two plants or 2,000 would both face a misdemeanor.
“This is one of those areas where size doesn't matter,” Eyster said.
When it came time for Schlauch's hearing this winter, they showed up an hour early at the Van Nuys courthouse. They were anxious but optimistic as they paced the hallway clutching a folder with letters praising them for doing volunteer work with veterans, working with children with disabilities at a martial arts school and earning a nursing degree long after their run-in with the law.
It had been more than two decades since they were sentenced to nine months in jail. They only served about a month.
The case was so old that the court file was incomplete.
A prosecutor rifling through papers wondered whether they were eligible for relief. They had 8.5 pounds of marijuana, they said. The file noted psychedelic mushrooms also were found, and they questioned whether the discovery of guns made them a threat.
Schlauch, 58, was never charged with a gun offense. They said the registered weapons were unloaded and locked in a safe. Their only conviction was for possession with intent to sell marijuana, Margolin said.
The judge flipped through the fat penal code book to review the new law.
“I don't see any reasonable risk of danger. It seems like he's entitled,” Judge Martin Herscovitz said. “The petition is granted.”
It barely took five minutes to lift a weight they had carried so long. They never had to say a thing or show they had turned their life around. They bounded from the courtroom, elated.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The Yankees have shown an interest in Astros right-hander Vincent Velasquez, who fits into general manager Brian Cashman's plan to add a starting pitcher with less than three years of big league time.
Though the talks haven't advanced to getting a deal done, a person with knowledge of the situation said Tuesday at the Winter Meetings the Yankees could be planning to acquire Velasquez and deal them to the Marlins for outfielder Marcell Ozuna.
The Astros are looking for a closer and Andrew Miller is certainly that, having converted 36 of 38 save chances last season, their first as a closer. Should the Yankees move Miller, Dellin Betances would shift from the eighth inning to the ninth.
However, while Cashman remains “open to anything'' with regard to dealing Miller, who has three years and $27 million remaining on a team-friendly deal, doing so for a pitcher with 19 big league games under their belt is risky. Unless the Yankees believe flipping Velasquez into Ozuna is a move they like. Should that happen, the Yankees could deal Brett Gardner for a starting pitcher.
In addition to being cost-effective, the 23-year-old Velasquez fulfills the Yankees' long-time seduction of power arms. In seven starts, they were 1-1 with a 4.03 ERA, fanned 38 and walked 14 in 38 innings.
Velasquez worked a dozen games in relief, fanning 20 and walking seven in 17 2/3 innings.
Overall in 19 outings, the 6-foot-3, 205-pound right-hander was 1-1 with a 4.37 ERA. They struck out 58 and walked 21.
They started the season at Double-A Corpus Christi, was promoted to the big leagues in early June, sent back to Corpus Christi in early August and returned to the big leagues to stay later in the month.
Velasquez, a second-round pick by the Astros in the 2010 draft, reaches 95 mph with the fastball and possesses an 85-mph slider that produces swings and misses. They also work with a curveball and changeup.
They faced the Yankees twice in 2015, their first in the big leagues. On June 26 against the Yankees in Houston, they worked 6 1/3 innings, allowed five hits, two runs, fanned two and walked one in a 3-2 Yankees victory. The other outing was a two-inning relief stint at Yankee Stadium where they gave up a run and fanned three in a 15-1 Astros victory.
According to a person familiar with the Marlins' thinking, they aren't opposed to dealing Ozuna. The 25-year-old right-handed hitter batted .259 with 10 homers, 44 RBIs and a .691 OPS last season, when the Marlins sent them to Triple-A for 33 games in which they batted .317 with a .937 OPS.
The Marlins have liked the Yankees' Bryan Mitchell as a starter and Adam Warren as a reliever, but it will take more than that to get Ozuna, since some talent evaluators believe they are on the cusp of a breakout season.
In other developments, the Tigers are believed to be among several teams making calls about Yankees reliever Justin Wilson. Acquired from the Pirates for Francisco Cervelli, the left-handed reliever pitched in front of Betances and was 5-0 with a 3.10 ERA in 74 appearances.
RALEIGH, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Red Hat, Inc, (NYSE: RHT), the world's leading provider of open source solutions, and the CentOS Project today announced they are joining forces to build a new CentOS, capable of driving forward development and adoption of next-generation open source technologies.
This collaboration strengthens Red Hat's proven business model by extending the Red Hat open source development ecosystem. Red Hat anticipates that taking a role as a catalyst within the CentOS community will enable it to accelerate development of enterprise-grade subscription solutions for customers and partners, such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform, Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure, Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization, Red Hat JBoss Middleware, OpenShift by Red Hat, and Red Hat Storage.
Ten years ago, Red Hat formed the Fedora Project to deliver advanced, state-of-the-art features for Linux. Just as a traditional operating system relies on the hardware beneath it, so too do projects such as cloud, virtualization, and Software-Defined Networking (SDN) rely on the foundation of an operating system. Fast development pace and openness to change make Fedora an excellent place for operating system innovations and related projects. Today, by taking an active role in the CentOS Project, Red Hat is once again extending its leadership in open source innovation by helping to establish a platform well-suited to the needs of open source developers that integrate technologies in and around the operating system.
With today's announcement, Red Hat extends its commitment to rapid open source technology and solution development to deliver:
Commercial development and deployment: Red Hat Enterprise Linux , the world's leading enterprise Linux platform, offering an extensive ecosystem of partners, a comprehensive portfolio of certified hardware and software offerings, and Red Hat's award winning support, consulting, and training services. Red Hat subscriptions deliver this value combined with access to the industry's most extensive ecosystem of partners, customers, and Linux experts to support and accelerate success.
, the world's leading enterprise Linux platform, offering an extensive ecosystem of partners, a comprehensive portfolio of certified hardware and software offerings, and Red Hat's award winning support, consulting, and training services. Red Hat subscriptions deliver this value combined with access to the industry's most extensive ecosystem of partners, customers, and Linux experts to support and accelerate success. Community integration beyond the operating system: CentOS, a community-supported and produced Linux distribution that draws on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and other open source technologies to provide a platform that's open to variation. CentOS provides a base for community adoption and integration of open source cloud, storage, network, and infrastructure technologies on a Red Hat-based platform.
a community-supported and produced Linux distribution that draws on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and other open source technologies to provide a platform that's open to variation. CentOS provides a base for community adoption and integration of open source cloud, storage, network, and infrastructure technologies on a Red Hat-based platform. Operating system innovation across the stack: Fedora, a community-supported and produced Linux distribution that makes it easy for users to consume and contribute to leading-edge open source technologies from the kernel to the cloud. As a cutting edge development platform where every level of the stack is open to revision and improvement, Fedora will continue to serve as the upstream project on which future Red Hat Enterprise Linux releases are based.
Since its initial release in 2004, the CentOS Project has grown to include a significant amount of focus on open source technology integration and a sizable user community. Red Hat and the CentOS Project recognize an opportunity to begin a new era by collaborating to expand the CentOS Project to address innovation, community contribution, and participation up the stack and beyond the operating system. By joining forces with the CentOS Project, Red Hat aims to accelerate community innovation, engagement, and momentum around open source cloud and infrastructure projects.
Red Hat will contribute its resources and expertise in building thriving open source communities to the new CentOS Project to help establish more open project governance and a roadmap, broaden opportunities for participation, open pathways for contribution, and provide new ways for CentOS users and contributors to bring the power of open source innovation to all areas of the software stack. With Red Hat's contributions and investment, the CentOS Project will be able to expand and accelerate, serving the needs of community members who require different or faster-moving components layered on top of CentOS, expanding on existing efforts to collaborate with open source projects such as OpenStack, RDO, Gluster, OpenShift Origin, and oVirt.
Webcast
Brian Stevens, executive vice president and chief technology officer, Red Hat, will host a webcast to discuss today's announcement at 5:00 p.m. ET on January 7, 2014. Following remarks, press and analysts are invited to participate in a question and answer session.
To join the webcast or view the replay after the event, visit: https://vts.inxpo.com/Launch/QReg.htm?ShowKey=17984
Supporting Quotes
Brian Stevens, executive vice president and chief technology officer, Red Hat
“It is core to our beliefs that when people who share goals or problems are free to connect and work together, their pooled innovations can change the world. We believe the open source development process produces better code, and a community of users creates an audience that makes code impactful. Cloud technologies are moving quickly, and increasingly, that code is first landing in Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Today is an exciting day for the open source community; by joining forces with the CentOS Project, we aim to build a vehicle to get emerging technologies like OpenStack and big data into the hands of millions of developers.”
Karanbir Singh, lead developer, CentOS Project
"CentOS owes its success not just to the source code it's built from, but to the hard work and enthusiasm of its user community. Now that we are able to count Red Hat among the active contributors to the CentOS Project, we have access to the resources and expertise we'll need to expand the scope and reach of the CentOS community while remaining committed to our current and new users."
Al Gillen, program vice president, System Software, IDC
"CentOS is one of the major non-commercial distributions in the industry, and a key adjacent project for many Red Hat Enterprise Linux customers. This relationship helps strengthen the CentOS community, and will ensure that CentOS benefits directly from the community-centric development approach that Red Hat both understands and heavily supports. Given the growing opportunities for Linux in the market today in areas such as OpenStack, cloud and big data, a stronger CentOS technology backed by the CentOS community – including Red Hat – is a positive development that helps the overall industry."
Stephen O'Grady, principal analyst, RedMonk
"Though it will doubtless come as a surprise, this move by Red Hat represents the logical embrace of an adjacent ecosystem. Bringing the CentOS and Red Hat communities closer together should be a win for both parties."
Additional Resources
Read the FAQ
More about the CentOS Project
Connect with Red Hat
About Red Hat, Inc.
Red Hat is the world's leading provider of open source software solutions, taking a community-powered approach to reliable and high-performing cloud, Linux, middleware, storage and virtualization technologies. Red Hat also offers award-winning support, training, and consulting services. As the connective hub in a global network of enterprises, partners, and open source communities, Red Hat helps create relevant, innovative technologies that liberate resources for growth and prepare customers for the future of IT. Learn more at www.redhat.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including: risks related to delays or reductions in information technology spending; the effects of industry consolidation; the ability of the Company to compete effectively; the integration of acquisitions and the ability to market successfully acquired technologies and products; uncertainty and adverse results in litigation and related settlements; the inability to adequately protect Company intellectual property and the potential for infringement or breach of license claims of or relating to third party intellectual property; the ability to deliver and stimulate demand for new products and technological innovations on a timely basis; risks related to data and information security vulnerabilities; ineffective management of, and control over, the Company's growth and international operations; fluctuations in exchange rates; and changes in and a dependence on key personnel, as well as other factors contained in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (copies of which may be accessed through the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov), including those found therein under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". In addition to these factors, actual future performance, outcomes, and results may differ materially because of more general factors including (without limitation) general industry and market conditions and growth rates, economic and political conditions, governmental and public policy changes and the impact of natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent the Company's views as of the date of this press release and these views could change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
Red Hat, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, the Shadowman logo, and JBoss are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. The OpenStack mark is either a registered trademark/service mark or trademark/service mark of the OpenStack Foundation, in the United States and other countries, and is used with the OpenStack Foundation's permission. We are not affiliated with, endorsed or sponsored by the OpenStack Foundation, or the OpenStack community.
"Growing up in C"
I would like to thank Greg Bacon for saving this article, and converting it to HTML. I didn't have any saved copies of this, and thought I'd lost it.
Christina Aguilera‘s arc on Nashville kicks off Wednesday, but don't expect them to be making the jump to country music anytime soon.
“I think my roots will stay where they are,” they tell PEOPLE, “but that doesn't mean there won't be more collaborations down the line.”
In the same vein, this won't be the last time we see Aguilera, 34, on the small screen. “My experiences in acting have been really great, so if the role is right I am always open to it,” they say, adding that their “true love will always stay music.”
Aguilera is set to portray Jade St. John, a successful pop singer whose dream is to sing country music. As the “Beautiful” singer tells it, Jade “is caught between their love and their passion and what the record label wants of them as an artist.”
No stranger to changing up their look, Aguilera went brunette – and pink! – to portray Jade, who, like Aguilera, also “play[s] around” with a number of “colorful looks” when they hit the stage.
Though they have a regular entry into the country world thanks to their fellow Voice judge Blake Shelton, Aguilera says that jumping into that world in earnest taught them what we already knew: “There are really no nicer people than in country,” they share. “The show couldn't have been more welcoming and great to work with. On my last day of shooting, they even gave me a cake. It was such a great experience for my family.”
In honor of their entry into this brave new world, Aguilera will be performing a duet at the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday. Them partner remains a mystery, but Aguilera was able to spill a few details about the performance.
Set to perform two songs at the ACMs, Aguilera reveals that one of them – “Shotgun” – will be featured on their second episode of Nashville, airing April 22. “I really love the song. It speaks to long-lasting love, the roads it takes, the turns it makes and how it lasts forever. When I perform it, I really think of that older couple who have been through it all and who have stood the test of time with the changes that their relationship goes through.”
While the song will be performed as a duet on Sunday, “Shotgun” will be sung solo by Aguilera's Jade on Nashville, which airs Wednesdays (10 p.m. ET) on ABC.
• Reporting by JENNIFER GARCIA
Chris Carmack (as Will Lexington) and Christina Aguilera (as Jade St. John) on Nashville Mark Levine/ABC
Nashville‘s Stars Test Their Country Music IQ
A reader writes:
The shocker is not that Palin was chosen, or that they turn on Rich Lowry. (Let's face it: Palin is incredibly attractive, they use their sex appeal to make straight men wither, women have been using that strategy since Cleopatra, and men will continue to cave in to such tactics until at least the next Ice Age.) The real shocker is that conservative Republicans -- after 8 years of George Bush -- are *again* willing to put all their hopes into a charismatic, folksy leader who is ideologically rigid and intellectually stupid. With their complete inability to express themselves on complex issues, and their willingness to mask that with folksy charm and talking points, Palin is a carbon-copy of W.
Wouldn't you think that conservatives would be more wary of them after seeing the destruction that George Bush has wrought? The fact that they splash Palin's picture on the cover of the National Review with the words "The One," while knowing full well they lack any intellectual fortitude and will therefore require a shadow presidency (is Todd Palin the next Dick Cheney?), tells me it will take a deeper collapse of America's foundations for conservatives to realize that this strategy is, has been, and always will be, fundamentally flawed.
Palin is the aroma that rises from the corpse of American conservatism. And they find it invigorating.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
The famous name of Sunday Oliseh has long been mentioned in connection with the Nigeria national team coaching position, and the former Super Eagles star is now in the hot seat just as the Super Eagles are about to begin their quest to not only reach - but make their mark - on the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™. “For some years now, there have been offers and discussions about me taking over. It has been on the table, but it has not yet happened because the timing was off,” Oliseh told FIFA.com.
The 40-year-old admitted that even though they finally felt ready for the job, they hesitated to accept the challenging offer. “To coach Nigeria is not the easiest job in the world and one is only as good as the players. Nigeria at the moment has a lot of potential, but we don't have a lot of confirmed players in the top clubs in the top leagues, so taking over the national team now means we have to remake the whole team and introduce a new philosophy of playing style, of culture and mentality. That is very difficult to do when you are the national team coach because you have very limited time with the players unlike when you coach a club. So that is why I was very hesitant.”
Oliseh, who played for a number of well-known clubs in Europe including UEFA Champions League winners Ajax Amsterdam, Juventus and Borussia Dortmund, said that from the moment they started negotiating with Nigerian officials they felt wanted by football fans. “When I came into Nigeria to have talks, I came out of the airport and I knew there was no going back because all the way from the airport, my countrymen where saying: 'You have to take the job, you have to take the job.' So I did.”
Famous World Cup name
Whenever the World Cup is discussed in Nigeria, Oliseh's name is one of the first to be mentioned. The midfielder scored what is arguably the side's best goal at the Mundial. Their long-range wonder-goal gave the Super Eagles a 3-2 victory over Spain and saw them qualify for the knock-out stages as group winners at France 98. Oliseh will now go into their third World Cup campaign, but their first as a coach. The Super Eagles will face the winners of the first round match between Djibouti and Swaziland for a place in the group phase and Oliseh says they are confident they will take the first hurdle but that the road to Russia will be tough. “It is going to be very, very difficult, but I believe we can qualify. All we have to do is look at ourselves, try to improve our game and hopefully we will qualify.”
Oliseh has had little previous coaching experience, being in charge of a Belgian third division club. “I don't think that is a drawback though," they state. "Time will tell, but I took the job to be successful.” And they say that they are confident their players can benefit from their World Cup experience, adding: “But first we have to qualify.”
To do that, Oliseh will be looking at combining local with overseas-based players. Surprisingly the coach has publicly stated that they will consider only players who are playing in the first division for the national team – youth players being the only exception. “Our ambition is to get the best to play for Nigeria, and football is getting faster these days and it keeps getting faster and faster. The tempo is different now, and we can see in the first division of most nations that is where the tempo is.”
The coach, who has signed a three-year contract and will continue to live in Belgium but travel to Nigeria as often as is necessary, reiterated that they were embarking on a difficult path. “We are practically starting from scratch, so that is why I am saying that people should not expect miracles from us.”
Whether come 2018 Nigerian fans speak as glowingly of Sunday Oliseh the coach as the goalscorer against Spain in 1998 – only history can say. These are their expectations: “We all have dreams, and I am hoping I will be as successful as I can be. But one has to be realistic also. We have just started, and our first step is to hopefully just win the [AFCON qualifier] against Tanzania. That is what I am praying for. Game by game.”
. At first they were going to be the boss, but when I thought of Derpy instead I couldn't resist. It made perfect sense for them to play Dilbert's clueless, pointy-haired boss and Rainbow Dash the lazy Wally character.
EDIT: Wow! This was on Equestria Daily!
It feels so cool this is now on the same site as the thing that inspired it in the first place!
EDIT: It was brought to my attention that "cobietophobia" is actually spelled "cobuyitaphobia"
I took advantage of this small edit to fix an error in one of Rarity's earrings, the spacing on one of Derpy's speech bubbles, and to properly credit Larry Charles and Scott Adams, who wrote this Dilbert scene. EDIT: Wow! This was on Equestria Daily! link It feels so cool this is now on the same site as the thing that inspired it in the first place!EDIT: It was brought to my attention that "cobietophobia" is actually spelled "cobuyitaphobia"I took advantage of this small edit to fix an error in one of Rarity's earrings, the spacing on one of Derpy's speech bubbles, and to properly credit Larry Charles and Scott Adams, who wrote this Dilbert scene.
Well, here it is. Please be gentle with your comments, this is my first real project.I did not die or lose interest in Deviantart after a week. This got so complicated for my low skill level it ended up taking four months, even though all I really did was steal and abuse vectors. It's been so long I can't tell if it's funny anymore.This was inspired by the Business Pony video on Equestria Daily. It's a scene from the 1990's DilbertTV series, which is incredibly funny and it's a real shame that it wasn't picked up for a longer run. It's from the episode "The Merger."Having spent so so so long on this, I can't resist giving a little commentary.Rainbow Dash has a green tie like the video. I stole it fromI got Derpy's grey power suit from The Legislative Branch and their tie from Terra Taupe Twilight's outfit is from The Judicial Branch . It seems like the plain, sensible sort of thing they would wear to the office.Applejack was going to wear Pony Teacher 's tie. But then I realized they absolutely had to have a bolo tie. I was inspired by Young Braeburn , but mine's not nearly as good as his. It's the first thing I ever made from scratch, and after that I got carried away. I started looking at Mad Men secretaries. The conference room is based on Don Draper's office.Fluttershy's outfit is based on a display I saw in a department store window. Tying a black ribbon in a bow around your neck is popular in Japan. I stole their sleeves from Seafoam in Canterlot Pinkie Pie owes their look (bizarrely) to Margaret Thatcher. She's so bright, everything looked wrong on them Then I thought of a loud 1980's pants suit. I based their jacket on Surf Vector . I took a bow from the Crystal Prep uniform and distorted it to make it look more like a pussy bow. Margaret Thatcher wore a lot of them, so they became my #1 reference.I had no idea what to do for Rarity. I wanted them to be Joan from Mad Men, so I gave them the earrings and pen necklace the pony version of Joan wears. I used Rarity's Glasses - Vector , and made my own for the side view. They ended up with a kind of jabot dress. I stole the ruffle from Snowfall Frost and made their pleated skirt by tracing their camping dress from "Sleepless in Ponyville" (I just decided not to worry about what's going on behind).It is incredibly difficult to make outfits for the weird pony bodies. I have profound respect for the artists on the show.The flamboyant style doesn't look like the horrible, dehumanizing Dilbert corporation or Mad Men any more. It looks a lot more like the 1970's, especially The Mary Tyler Moore Show. It's a perfect balance; it still has farcical office bureaucracy, where earning money could somehow be a problem. It's not as somber as Mad Men, but it has some absolutely fabulous fashion. 1970's style is totally due for a resurgence. The clocks are a direct reference to The Mary Tyler Moore Show.And that's it. Not sure if it was worth it. Since I took advantage of so many people feel free to do what you like with it.Here's every other deviation I mutilated (if you can't find something here I either made it myself or took it from a screencap):Derpy:Twilight:Rainbow Dash:Pinkie Pie:Rarity:Applejack:Fluttershy:Misc:
A man was arrested just before Christmas when they stole money from an undercover Austin Police officer posing as a person sleeping on the sidewalk in downtown Austin.
According to police, officers with the DTAC Metro Tactical Unit were conducting a "theft from person decoy operation" in the 1000 block of Red River on December 23.
The operation involved an undercover officer posing as a person sleeping on the sidewalk with a small amount of money hanging out of the wallet in their back pocket.
Police say 13 people walked past the undercover officer and did not steal their money. Officers then observed 39-year-old David Cleveland approach the officer as they sat on the steps of the Teacher's Retirement System of Texas and ask them for money. The undercover officer was unintelligible and Cleveland walked away.
The undercover officer then laid down. Within 45 seconds, Cleveland returned and removed $5 from the officer's wallet and walked away.
Cleveland was arrested for theft from person, a state jail felony.
Brian Surratt, head of the City of Seattle's economic development office, said Wednesday they plan to forward a recommendation to Murray's office in June as expected and that a final decision should be made late in the month. “We are full steam ahead.”
The man running the Key­Arena renovation proposal process says Seattle Mayor Ed Murray's decision not to run for re-election will have zero impact on proceedings.
Brian Surratt, head of the City of Seattle's economic development office, said Wednesday they plan to forward a recommendation to Murray's office in June as expected and that a final decision should be made late in the month. Surratt dismissed a suggestion Tuesday by mayoral candidate Mike McGinn that more time is needed to vet proposals by the Oak View Group and Seattle Partners.
“Not from our standpoint,'' Surratt said. “We are full steam ahead. We're excited about where we are, and the two proposers are just as eager.''
Both groups have already met with a city advisory committee and city executive officials and some staffers. The advisory committee will forward a recommendation on to a three-member executive panel — of which Surratt is part — and will provide Murray with a recommendation next month.
Once Murray gives their decision to the city council in late June, it must decide between a KeyArena renovation and a new arena pitched for Sodo District by entrepreneur Chris Hansen.
Council president Bruce Harrell has said a vote on whether to vacate part of Occidental Ave. S. for Han­sen's project could happen by September.
Surratt said they understand some people are concerned about the requests for public money contained within both KeyArena proposals.
SP is seeking up to $250 million in public-bond funds for its $521 million proposal, from which it would save about $48 million via lower interest rates. The group has guaranteed repayment on the bonds and told the city it would generate a yearly surplus via the plan.
OVG has asked for tax-revenue streams after construction on its $564 million renovation proposal and wants the Port of Seattle to fund construction of an 850-stall parking garage.
“We made it clear we want to have minimal city involvement in the two proposals,'' Surratt said. “We're going to make our assessments and go from there.''
But Surratt also cautioned that: “There is so such thing as a perfect proposal.”
Both OVG and SP officials will be on hand Thursday for an open house at KEXP on 1st Avenue N. in the city's Uptown district from 5-8 p.m. They will discuss plans for the site and take public questions.
Video streaming company Netflix reported earnings that easily beat expectations on Tuesday, sending shares soaring in after-hours trading.
The company posted an adjusted profit of 72 cents per share. Analysts had expected Netflix to report earnings of about 45 cents per share on $1.48 billion in revenue, according to a consensus estimate from Thomson Reuters.
Of 35 analysts polled, the most optimistic estimate for the quarter was for earnings of 52 cents per share. Shares rose almost 13 percent in after-hours trade on the news.
The company said U.S. subscriber numbers were in line with its forecast, while international subscribers came in ahead of expectations.
Netflix also said it can now profitably complete its international expansion over the next two years, sooner than expected.
In addition, Netflix said it will begin streaming the controversial Sony film "The Interview" this coming weekend for subscribers.
For the first quarter, the company forecast total streaming revenue of $1.398 billion, with 4.05 million net member additions.
This is breaking news. Check back for updates.
A MAN admitted assaulting their soon-to-be wife after a row about wedding plans after allegedly sinking FORTY pints of bitter.
Andrew Hollis, 29, has been left with a court bill of £894 after admitting assault on their partner and has been told their court costs have to take priority ahead of paying for their wedding.
The pair, who have been engaged for four years, were drinking in a pub at lunch time on May 21 but returned home to discuss their nuptials.
The couple began to disagree on details about the ceremony, which is still scheduled for next month despite their conviction, and they pushed them onto the sofa and pinned them down.
Moments later, after another disagreement, they grabbed them by the hands and threatened to kill them
Hollis, of High Street, Earls Colne, admitted assault at Colchester Magistrates' Court.
The court heard the pair are still due to get married and their partner wanted to drop the case.
Ashley Petchey, prosecuting questioned whether their notes stating Hollis had drunk 40 pints of bitter in the hours before the incident were accurate, but Hollis confirmed the amount was correct.
Magistrates handed them a fine of £736, and a victim surcharge of £73.
Hollis was given 28 days to pay the balance and chairperson of the bench Bonnie Hill said: "You have narrowly avoided unpaid work and we have converted your punishment into a fine.
"We know there is an expense in your life coming up but this has to take priority."
As I mentioned in my last article, I figured I'd try to find something that I could patch in Python and submit it. While writing the other article, I stumbled on a minor error in the Python devguide in the Windows section. While it's nowhere near as cool to patch a piece of documentation as I think it would be to patch Python, I think it's rather appropriate for me as I tend to contribute more documentation than anything else lately. So I am going to explain the process as I found it.
Getting Started
First off, you need to get an account with the Bug Tracker for Python. If you hope to become a core developer, then you'll need to make sure your username follows their guidelines, which are really simple:
firstname.lastname
Once you've got that, you can start looking for something to patch. There's a link that says “Easy issues” that is a good starting place. You can also do a search for a component that you're competent in using and see if there are any bugs in there that you think you can fix. Once you find something, you'll need to make sure you update your local repo and then read the devguide's patch page.
Creating the Patch
Assuming you have the necessary repository checked out on your local machine, all you need to do is go edit the appropriate file. In my case, I had to check out the devguide (which you can read about here) and edit the setup.rst file. If you're editing Python code, then you'll have to conform to PEP8. Once I finished editing the file, I saved my changes and then had to use Mercurial to create the patch. Here's the command I used per the Python patch instructions.
hg diff > setup.patch
And here are the contents of that patch file:
diff -r b1c1d15271c0 setup.rst
--- a/setup.rst Tue May 22 00:33:42 2012 +0200
+++ b/setup.rst Tue May 22 13:55:09 2012 -0500
@@ -173,7 +173,7 @@
To build from the Visual Studio GUI, open pcbuild.sln to load the project
files and choose the Build Solution option from the Build menu, often
associated with the F7 key. Make sure you have chosen the "Debug" option from
-the build configuration drop-down first.
+the configuration toolbar drop-down first.
Once built you might want to set Python as a startup project. Pressing F5 in
Visual Studio, or choosing Start Debugging from the Debug menu, will launch
Now that we have a patch we need to submit it!
Submitting a Patch
Put your shields up, we're going in! Submitting a patch is a little daunting. What will people think of you? I suspect if you plan to work on something major, then you better start growing some thick skin. In my case, I'm going to submit a really simple typo fix, so I'm hoping that sort of thing isn't flame-worthy. Then again, this is my first patch, so I may submit it in a completely erroneous way. Since my patch will be for something (presumably) new, I did a quick search to make sure it hadn't already been reported. Seeing nothing, I clicked the “Create New” link with some trepidation and choose the “devguide” as my component. I also chose the latest version of Python. I don't see anything in the devguide that says it applies to just one set of Python versions, so I'm just going to leave it at that. I didn't really see a “type” that fit a devguide edit, so I left that blank for my betters to fix. Finally, I attached my patch file to the bug ticket. You can see my bug ticket here if you like.
When contributing a patch to Python, you should fill out a contributor agreement form which allows the Python Software Foundation to license your code for use with Python while you get to keep the copyright. Yes, you too can become famous just for writing Python code! Assuming people read the source or those acknowledgement pages.
Wrapping Up
I don't know what will happen to my rather lame contribution. Maybe it'll get accepted, maybe not. But I think I'll spend some time trying to figure out some other bugs and just see if there's anything I can do to help out the Python community. Feel free to join me on this adventure!
Meet Daniel Suelo, a 48 year old Utah man who decided that he'd had enough of money and gave it all up to live in a cave.
The first thing most people would think about someone living in a cave is that they've fallen on hard times, but Suelo did so by choice. After graduating with a degree in anthropology in 1987, Suelo was successful in work and made good money, but decided in the fall of 2000 that something was missing.
“Why? I simply got tired of acknowledging as real this most common world-wide belief called money! I simply got tired of being unreal. Money is one of those intriguing things that becomes real because you believe it is real” Suleo writes on their blog. “Wild Nature, outside civilization, runs on gift economy: ‘freely give, freely receive.' Thus it is balanced. World civilization runs on consciousness of credit and debt (knowledge of good & evil); thus it is imbalanced.”
Although Suelo is happy with their life, living in a cave without money isn't for everyone…well, unless you're very adventerous with food. “I freely take what is freely given, with no obligation on either side. I forage for wild, feral, and domestic edibles. I also freely rely on human generosity. I live on waste: dumpster-diving, trash can fishing, table-surfing, and sometimes asking people and food-service institutions for extras and throw-aways…. I also eat roadkill, if it is fresh, of course. I've eaten squirrel, racoon, rabbit, and deer, so far. I've also eaten ants, grubs, grasshopeers, crickets, termites, lizards & snakes.”
If you've ever thought about chucking it all in for a cave, you can follow Daniel Suelo on their blog here.
So you're an international business traveler based in New York who's attending an overseas event in, say, southern France.
Since LaGuardia is probably not an option, you're going to have to shell out 50 bucks for a cab to JFK … or are you?? United Airlines and mcgarrybowen New York have taken the opportunity to let the business class know that there is another way.
Agency and client teamed up with Verifone Media, Kinetic and some handy GPS software to show skeptical city folk that Newark Airport or EWR is considerably closer.
In place of your standard taxi-top ad, the agency fitted 125 yellow cabs with trackers to show exactly how much faster your commute would be if you were flying out of Jersey.
To get all technical, the displays are working on real-time data from the Curb app, which updates the time estimates based on the car's geolocation and surrounding traffic patterns.
One reason for this campaign: A recent $120 million renovation to United's Terminal C at Newark, which is the 15th largest hub in the country.
“The ‘New York Minute' is all important to Manhattanites, yet many subjugate this tenet to the irrational view that JFK is their most convenient airport,” said mcgarrybowen ECD and managing director Haydn Morris. “How better to convince them than to utilize their favorite, iconic transport- plus everyone knows that taxi-drivers have the answer to everything, right?”
United director of global advertising Daniel Cuellar added, “We're proud to work with mcgarrybowen and our media partners to launch this new and innovative technology on taxi tops that not only grabs the attention of New Yorkers, but helps deliver the message that Newark Liberty International is much closer and easy to get to than you think.”
Of course, by the time one flags the cab in question, the tickets have been bought. But maybe next time you have to fly 3,000 miles across the ocean to accept the Lion of St. Mark, you'll consider a trip to Jersey. It's not like you have to pay the property taxes or anything.
In addition to the taxi top placements, this campaign also includes OOH billboards, phone kiosks, bus shelters and in-airport units.
CREDITS
mcgarrybowen
Managing Director, ECD: Haydn Morris
Group Creative Director, Copy: David DiRienz
Associate Art Director: Steven Graziano
Sr. Art Director: Erik Jansen
Copywriter: Anthony Pagaza
Account Managing Director: Joey Ziarko
Account Executive: Amy Laughlin
Account Superviser: Kayla Friedman
Executive Director, Strategy: Diane Epstein
Taxi Media Network: Verifone Media
Verifone, Vice President Taxi Media: Chris Polos
Verifone, National Account Manager: Lonnie Passy
Verifone, Sr. Product Manager: Daniel Fish
Media Agency: Kinetic & MEC
Kinetic, Director: Robin Yablonski
Kinetic, Manager: Stephanie Chiu
Kinetic, Account Executive: Kelsey Moran
Kinetic, Assitant Account Executive: Micaela Moffa
MEC, Partner/Director: Megan Warfield
MEC, Manager: Jimmy Feliz
MEC, Senior Associate: Chris Brady
Comments
Antoni Bou i Mena ( Catalan pronunciation: [ənˈtɔni ˈβɔw]), also known as Toni Bou (born 17 October 1986 in Piera, in Catalonia, Spain), is a Spanish professional motorcycle trials rider. They have been the outdoor FIM Trial World Championship champion from 2007 to 2018, and the indoor one also from 2007 to 2018. With these 24 world titles, they are already the most successful rider in history (12 outdoor and 12 indoor) surpassing Dougie Lampkin (7 outdoor and 5 indoor) and also surpassing Jordi Tarrés who is third with 7 outdoor titles. At the age of 20 years and 5 months, Bou was the second youngest rider ever to win the World Indoor Title,[1] and the youngest to do it on a 4-stroke motorbike.
Biography [ edit ]
Comblain-au-Pont/Belgium 2018
Toni Bou's first race win was in 1999, when they obtained the Catalan Cadet Trials Championship title at the age of 12. In 2001 they were the Spanish Junior Trials Champion. Their World Trials debut was a 2003 appearance in Bangor, Ireland,[2] they ended the season 13th in the World Outdoor Trials Championship, and 1st in the European Outdoor Trials Championship. Their first World Trials win was in 2006 when they ended 5th in the outdoor championship, and 3rd in the indoor one. In the same year they were the Spanish Outdoor Trials Champion.
In 2007 they were World Trials Champion for the first time, both in the indoor and outdoor Championships. They were able to repeat this feat in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018.
In terms of National Team achievements, they have been part of the Spanish team, fully composed by Catalan riders, that obtained Trial des Nations wins in the years 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. They also achieved the same in the indoor version of the competition in the years 2006, 2007 and 2008.
The 2009 season was a perfect one for him, achieving all their objectives,[3] as they won all the major 5 titles, including the indoor and outdoor world titles, the indoor and outdoor Spanish titles, and the Trial des Nations title. This feat was only achieved once before, by Adam Raga in 2005.
At the end of the 2017 season Bou signed an extended contract that will keep them with the Repsol Honda team until the year 2021, another three years.[4]
In 2018, whilst facing stiff competition from their fellow countrymen Jeroni Fajardo and Adam Raga, Bou once again retained both their indoor and outdoor World titles.[2]
Toni Bou rides a Repsol Montesa HRC bike.
World Trials Championship Career [ edit ]
Year Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Points Rank 2007 Montesa ESP
1 GUA
1 GUA
1 FRA
1 JPN
1 JPN
2 ITAs
1 POL
1 CZE
2 GBR
1 AND
1 214 1st 2008 Montesa LUX
1 IRL
2 USA
2 USA
1 JPN
1 JPN
1 FRA
2 ITAs
1 CZE
2 SWE
2 POR
1 ESP
1 225 1st 2009 Montesa IRL
2 IRL
1 POR
1 GBR
1 GBR
1 JPN
1 JPN
1 ITA
3 AND
3 ESP
1 FRA
4 200 1st 2010 Montesa ESP
1 POR
1 POR
4 JPN
1 JPN
2 GBR
1 GBR
3 Fras
1 RSM
1 ITA
1 CZE
3 200 1st 2011 Montesa GER
1 FRA
3 Fras
1 ESP
1 AND
1 ITA
1 GBR
2 JPN
1 JPN
3 Fras
2 Fras
1 204 1st 2012 Montesa FRA
2 Fras
1 AUS
1 AUS
1 JPN
1 JPN
1 ESP
1 ESP
1 AND
1 AND
4 ITAs
1 GBR
1 GBR
1 250 1st 2013 Montesa JPN
1 JPN
3 USA
2 USA
2 AND
2 AND
1 ESP
1 ITA
1 CZE
2 GBR
1 GBR
1 FRA
3 Fras
1 238 1st 2014 Montesa AUS
2 AUS
1 JPN
2 JPN
2 EUR
- EUR
2 ITAs
1 BEL
1 GBR
1 GBR
1 FRA
2 ESP
1 ESP
1 225 1st 2015 Montesa JPN
1 JPN
1 CZE
1 CZE
1 SWE
1 SWE
1 GBR
1 GBR
1 FRA
1 FRA
2 AND
2 AND
2 USA
1 USA
1 POR
1 POR
1 ESP
2 ESP
2 345 1st 2016 Montesa SPA
2 Spas
1 JAP
2 JAP
1 GER
1 GER
1 AND
1 AND
1 FRA
1 FRA
3 Bels
1 GBR
1 GBR
1 ITA
1 ITA
1 289 1st 2017 Montesa SPA
1 JAP
1 JAP
1 AND
3 Fras
1 GBR
1 USA
1 USA
1 CZE
2 ITAs
1 192 1st
World Indoor Trials Championship Career [ edit ]
Year Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Points Rank 2007 Montesa ESP
1 RUS
1 FRA
6 ESP
1 POR
1 ITA
2 ESP
2 ESP
2 67 1st 2008 Montesa FRA
1 ESP
2 ESP
1 ITA
1 ESP
1 48 1st 2009 Montesa GBR
1 FRA
2 ESP
1 ITA
1 ESP
1 38 1st 2010 Montesa GBR
1 FRA
2 ESP
1 ESP
1 ESP
1 95 1st 2011 Montesa ITA
1 FRA
1 ESP
1 SUI
1 ESP
1 ITA
1 120 1st 2012 Montesa FRA
1 SUI
1 FRA
1 ESP
1 ESP
1 ITA
1 FRA
1 140 1st 2013 Montesa GBR
1 ESP
1 ESP
1 GER
1 FRA
1 100 1st 2014 Montesa GBR
1 FRA
1 ESP
1 ITA
1 ESP
1 100 1st 2015 Montesa GBR
1 FRA
1 FRA
2 ESP
1 AUT
1 ESP
3 107 1st 2016 Montesa GBR
2 ESP
1 FRA
1 AUT
1 75 1st 2017 Montesa ESP
1 AUT
1 FRA
1 FRA
1 80 1st 2018 Montesa 2019 Montesa HUN
1 ESP
2
Honors [ edit ]
Spanish Trials Champion 2006, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
Spanish Indoor Trials Champion 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
FIM European youth cup Champion 2002
FIM European Trials Champion 2003
FIM World Trials Champion 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
FIM World Indoor Trials Champion 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
Member of Spanish Trial des Nations winning team 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
Member of Spanish Indoor Trial des Nations winning team 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
How I Met Your Mother's Best Episode: Slap Bet By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend How I Met Your Mother's “Slap Bet.” Read below, argue with us in the comments. Once again, we're tackling another show in TV Blend's weekly series "___'s Best Episode." Each week a different writer will pick out a different episode of a TV show and argue why it is definitively, absolutely the best thing the show ever did. Arguments will be started, tears may be shed, but we're here to start some conversations and make some arguments for really, really good TV. This week Eric makes a case for's “Slap Bet.” Read below, argue with us in the comments.
It's hard writing a “Best Episode” feature about a show that is still in production. Though we might think that we've seen the greatest that a program has had to offer, the truth is that the next installment we see could blow our choice clear out of the water. In the case of How I Met Your Mother, however, it's hard to imagine that anything they produce from now on will be better than the ninth episode of the second season, “Slap Bet.”
In addition to having the best, funniest, most surprising ending that the series has ever had, “Slap Bet” rises to the top of the heap thanks to hilarious, intelligent writing, a wonderful impact on the show at large and one of the best TV-created pop songs of all time.
The episode begins when Barney tries to rally everyone to go to the mall, but Robin stoutly refuses and won't reveal why. Mystified by the situation, the group begins to speculate as to why their Canadian friend doesn't like shopping complexes. Marshall ends up guessing that Robin was previously married there, and Barney theorizes that they once made a porno at the mall. The deal is that whoever wins the bet will be allowed to slap the other as hard as they want. But while multiple slaps are exchanged over the course of the episode, the truth is far stranger than anyone anticipates.
The highlight of “Slap Bet” is the use of misdirection. From the very start the episode has us believing that either Marshall or Barney is correct. Thanks to the stakes of the game, the audience immediately believes that whatever the answer is, it has to end with someone being slapped – as Anton Chekhov once said, “One must not put a loaded rifle on the stage if no one is thinking of firing it.” As a result of the misdirection, the viewer is just as flabbergasted as the other friends when It's revealed that Robin was, in fact, a pop star in Canada. We also have the joy of seeing Chekhov's rifle being fired, thanks to Barney suffering from “premature slapulation,” and the result was the birth of How I Met Your Mother's greatest running joke: Marshall's free five slaps.
But the episode's impact on the series at large isn't just limited to Marshall's slaps, but also the adventures of Robin Sparkles. Both major elements at play in “Slap Bet” have gone on to have effects seen in multiple episodes throughout the program and have provided some of Mother's greatest gags (I still laugh whenever I think of Marshall getting on stage and slapping Barney to the ground in “Stuff”). Running jokes like these are great because they not only display the intelligence of the writers, but also serve as rewards to the astute and loyal viewers who have spent years caring about the characters. They may just be random bits, but they do show how significant the second season episode is on the series as a whole.
As great as the mechanics of reveal are, we can't ignore the reveal itself – the “Let's Go To The Mall” music video. In addition to it being bathed in nostalgia, with bedazzled jean jackets, jelly bracelets, star swipes and robots, the song itself is perfect. Robin's valley girl pitch is both maddening and hilarious, while the occasional drops of Canadian accent give it its own amazing flavor. Also, I just can't get enough of Cobie Smulders rapping.
“Slap Bet” was originally going to be released with the title “Robin Sparkles,” and thank god they decided against it as the episode's surprise is simply too amazing to risk spoilers. Some might see it as a bad thing that How I Met Your Mother peaked in its second season, but the truth is that “Slap Bet” is so damn good that it doesn't really matter. It's hard writing a “Best Episode” feature about a show that is still in production. Though we might think that we've seen the greatest that a program has had to offer, the truth is that the next installment we see could blow our choice clear out of the water. In the case of, however, it's hard to imagine that anything they produce from now on will be better than the ninth episode of the second season, “Slap Bet.”In addition to having the best, funniest, most surprising ending that the series has ever had, “Slap Bet” rises to the top of the heap thanks to hilarious, intelligent writing, a wonderful impact on the show at large and one of the best TV-created pop songs of all time.The episode begins when Barney tries to rally everyone to go to the mall, but Robin stoutly refuses and won't reveal why. Mystified by the situation, the group begins to speculate as to why their Canadian friend doesn't like shopping complexes. Marshall ends up guessing that Robin was previously married there, and Barney theorizes that they once made a porno at the mall. The deal is that whoever wins the bet will be allowed to slap the other as hard as they want. But while multiple slaps are exchanged over the course of the episode, the truth is far stranger than anyone anticipates.The highlight of “Slap Bet” is the use of misdirection. From the very start the episode has us believing that either Marshall or Barney is correct. Thanks to the stakes of the game, the audience immediately believes that whatever the answer is, it has to end with someone being slapped – as Anton Chekhov once said, “One must not put a loaded rifle on the stage if no one is thinking of firing it.” As a result of the misdirection, the viewer is just as flabbergasted as the other friends when It's revealed that Robin was, in fact, a pop star in Canada. We also have the joy of seeing Chekhov's rifle being fired, thanks to Barney suffering from “premature slapulation,” and the result was the birth of's greatest running joke: Marshall's free five slaps.But the episode's impact on the series at large isn't just limited to Marshall's slaps, but also the adventures of Robin Sparkles. Both major elements at play in “Slap Bet” have gone on to have effects seen in multiple episodes throughout the program and have provided some of's the greatest gags (I still laugh whenever I think of Marshall getting on stage and slapping Barney to the ground in “Stuff”). Running jokes like these are great because they not only display the intelligence of the writers, but also serve as rewards to the astute and loyal viewers who have spent years caring about the characters. They may just be random bits, but they do show how significant the second season episode is on the series as a whole.As great as the mechanics of reveal are, we can't ignore the reveal itself – the “Let's Go To The Mall” music video. In addition to it being bathed in nostalgia, with bedazzled jean jackets, jelly bracelets, star swipes and robots, the song itself is perfect. Robin's valley girl pitch is both maddening and hilarious, while the occasional drops of Canadian accent give it its own amazing flavor. Also, I just can't get enough of Cobie Smulders rapping.“Slap Bet” was originally going to be released with the title “Robin Sparkles,” and thank god they decided against it as the episode's surprise is simply too amazing to risk spoilers. Some might see it as a bad thing thatpeaked in its second season, but the truth is that “Slap Bet” is so damn good that it doesn't really matter. Criminal Minds is Cancelled, But There's Still Good News Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
If Donald Trump Jr. has their way, their presidential father won't be the only Trump to make waves in American politics.
During a meeting at F6 Labs gun club in Hicksville, NY, Trump Jr. told attendees that they were considering running for governor of New York, according to a report by Page Six. The president's eldest son specifically stated that they would not be as interested in running for mayor of New York City, adding that they had zero interest in the United States Senate or House of Representatives.
Advertisement:
"Do I want to be behind the scenes and be a mouthpiece and fight back against crazy liberal media? Maybe.” Trump Jr. said. They later added, "Going back to doing deals is boring after 18 months. The politics bug bit me."
Although Trump Jr. did not identify a year in which they would run, the next gubernatorial election in New York is occurring in 2018, when incumbent Democrat Andrew Cuomo will be up for reelection.
Trump Jr. is best known for their pro-gun advocacy — they have posted photographs of themselves after hunting such animals as an elephant and a leopard — but they also have connections to white nationalists and others in the alt-right. This includes speaking to a white supremacist radio host last March, sending out racist retweets, and appearing in a Mississippi town most famous for the murder of three civil rights workers to defend the Confederate flag, arguing that "I believe in tradition. I don't see a lot of the nonsense that's been created about that."
It will be interesting to see how news of Trump Jr.'s interest in New York politics will be received in comparison to the recent speculation (and repeated denials) that Chelsea Clinton may be eyeing a run for office in the Empire State.
A Republican state senator in Oklahoma is angry that their party's leadership has scuttled a bill they wrote that would classify abortion “from the moment of conception” — and possibly some forms of birth control — as first-degree murder.
Oklahoma state Sen. Joseph Silk told WorldNetDaily yesterday that their legislation would sidestep the “typical pro-life rhetoric” in order to get “justice for all these murdered children” and ultimately force the Supreme Court to reconsider Roe v. Wade:
Silk said it's time for pro-life leaders to go after what they really want. “We need to call it what it is, which is murder – the premeditated, intentional killing of a human being – and then treat it as such,” Silk told WND and Radio America. “We're trying to change the conversation from the typical pro-life rhetoric to actually being pro-life and getting justice for all these murdered children.” … “We need to attack the issue directly. Life begins at conception, and abortion is murder,” they said. “Until we start doing that, [the Supreme Court is] never going to be forced to overturn that ruling.” They said activists have changed court precedent many times in the past, most notably with respect to slavery. They also said the Supreme Court defied its own logic on the definition of marriage in just two years “Just three years ago, they said marriage shall be defined by the states,” Silk said. “After continuous pounding, what did they do this last year? They defined it for us. Sure, some bills may get struck down, but eventually you're going to push the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade.”
The language of Silk's bill, which is similar to that of some “personhood” measures, risks classifying some forms of birth control as murder. The legislation also specifically includes the destruction of embryos created in the in-vitro fertilization process in its definition of first-degree murder, saying it applies to fertilized eggs “whether conceived or located inside or outside the body of a human female.”
The legislation shows a simmering feud between anti-abortion groups over the best strategy to outlaw abortion, with “personhood” activists pressing for immediate action with more established organizations pushing for incremental laws curtailing abortion rights and limiting access.
The group Abolish Human Abortion, which supports Silk's effort, has posted a photo of a letter that Oklahomans for Life, the state affiliate of the National Right to Life Committee, sent to state lawmakers opposing Silk's bill because it would replace two anti-choice measures that it supports. The group Personhood Alabama, on the other hand, has praised the bill.
Silk is also promoting a so-called “bathroom bill” similar to one recently passed in North Carolina that would prohibit transgender people from using the restrooms of their choice. They have said that LGBT people “don't have a right to be served in every single store.”
Image: YouTube/Humans Eating.
A great deal has changed in the last two decades, but strangely enough, the FDA's ubiquitous nutrition labels gracing over 800,000 pre-packaged food products have remained relatively untouched. That is, until last Friday, when Michelle Obama's Let's Move! program announced the FDA's modernized Nutrition Facts label.
When the FDA last significantly updated its Nutrition Facts label in 1994, over half of Americans were considered overweight; now, two-thirds are. In the intervening years, fad confections like Go-Gurt and the artery-clogging Fruit by the Foot flooded the market, leaving behind sweet memories of dental visits and ill-fitting swimsuits. Diabetes diagnoses among Americans have nearly tripled.
Ever since the First Lady moved to Washington in January 2009, she's dedicated themselves to boosting nutritional awareness. Finally, she's reaping what she's sewn.
"You will no longer need a microscope, a calculator, or a degree in nutrition to figure out whether the food you're buying is actually good for our kids," the the First Lady said.
The FDA's new label, which is targeting sugar-heavy pre-packaged foods, will benefit from the last twenty years of scientific research into Americans' eating habits.
"Percent daily values" will be featured on the new labels, so consumers will know what percent of a day's recommended daily sugar intake a product contains. In addition, the new labels will measure for "added sugars," which distinguishes between natural sugars (i.e. in fruits) and ones added later by the manufacturer. General Mills, The Sugar Association, and other behemoth food companies opposed this, arguing that the difference between "added" and "non-added" sugars is superficial.
Vitamin D and potassium will also be listed to reflect research indicating that Americans are deficient in these nutrients.
Finally, the new Nutrition Facts label will ensure that "calories" and serving sizes will be visible and not misleading. For example, the health facts for a pint of ice cream will refer to the whole pint and not just an awkward half-cup. Separate "per serving" and "per package" labels will reflect the amount of food we actually eat instead of an apparently arbitrary amount—the current serving size for a bag of Lay's chips is 28 grams, or 15 chips.
While the new labels won't be mandatory for another two years, their ambition is dramatically reducing Americans' sugar intake. In the coming weeks, expect more big, bad food manufacturers to spew vitriol at these apparently innocuous changes to the iconic Nutrition Facts label. Their anger, in most cases, validates the necessity for change.
Randomized controlled trial
Abstract
OBJECTIVE: To study the efficacy and safety of phosphatidylserine (PS) containing Omega3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids attached to its backbone (PS-Omega3) in reducing attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children.
METHOD: A 15-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase followed by an open-label extension of additional 15 weeks. Two hundred ADHD children were randomized to receive either PS-Omega3 or placebo, out of them, 150 children continued into the extension. Efficacy was assessed using Conners' parent and teacher rating scales (CRS-P,T), Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), and Child Health Questionnaire (CHQ). Safety evaluation included adverse events monitoring.
RESULTS: The key finding of the double-blind phase was the significant reduction in the Global:Restless/impulsive subscale of CRS-P and the significant improvement in Parent impact-emotional (PE) subscale of the CHQ, both in the PS-Omega3 group. Exploratory subgroup analysis of children with a more pronounced hyperactive/impulsive behavior, as well as mood and behavior-dysregulation, revealed a significant reduction in the ADHD-Index and hyperactive components. Data from the open-label extension indicated sustained efficacy for children who continued to receive PS-Omega3. Children that switched to PS-Omega3 treatment from placebo showed a significant reduction in subscales scores of both CRS-P and the CRS-T, as compare to baseline scores. The treatment was well tolerated.
CONCLUSIONS: The results of this 30-week study suggest that PS-Omega3 may reduce ADHD symptoms in children. Preliminary analysis suggests that this treatment may be especially effective in a subgroup of hyperactive-impulsive, emotionally and behaviorally-dysregulated ADHD children.
Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
I've started knitting again after a year-long break. I bought some beautiful hand-dyed, locally spun yarn in a brilliant mottled fuchsia, and then I got to work, knitting furiously for two days straight until I realized that my new infinity scarf was disproportionately huge. I had to undo everything and start over, my enthusiasm somewhat dampened.
When I took my knitting to a friend's house, someone asked an interesting question: “Why would you bother knitting a scarf? It's so much work and you can buy a great scarf for cheap anywhere.” It's a good question. If it's easy to buy a decent scarf for $10 at H&M, why would I spend $50 on handspun yarn and another week of knitting in order to get a finished product? It's hardly economical.
But there's more to it than that. The act of knitting is a strange combination of relaxation and activism, of protest and tradition. My urge to pick it up again started last month after reading Overdressed: The Shockingly High Cost of Cheap Fashion by Elizabeth Cline. (You can read my review here.) The author pushes for a “slow clothes” movement, the fashion equivalent of “slow food,” in which consumers start paying attention to the background of their clothes and what has gone into their production. Knitting is my small contribution to the slow clothes movement for the following reasons:
Because I've invested money and time into this scarf, it is far more valuable than anything I could buy for $10. I will care for it and it will last for many years, keeping its shape and colour long after cheaper scarves have fallen apart. Clothing is devalued in North America to the point where it's practically disposable. It would be far better for the Earth if we stopped buying cheap items that don't last and invested in fewer, higher quality items that do last.
Knitting is a way to reclaim independence. We live in a world where we depend on certain individuals and companies to perform highly specialized tasks for us. There's something satisfying about taking on some of the responsibility for clothing production and sending a message to the industry that I don't need them to make my scarves.
Knitting can help a local industry. It wasn't cheap to buy two skeins of that locally produced yarn, but at least I'm making a statement with my consumer dollars to a nearby farmer, endorsing their or their decision to make a living raising sheep. According to Cline, if every American redirected 1 percent of their disposable income to domestically-made products, it would create 200,000 jobs. Cheap imported clothes become a lot more expensive when you calculate the loss of domestic jobs.
Finally, it feels really good to make something by hand. There's something very peaceful about performing a simple, repetitive act with my fingers that results in useful yet beautiful things.
Do you knit or have another ‘slow clothes'-related hobby?
Microsoft: Google Is (Still) Blocking Us From Building YouTube for Windows Phone
Microsoft today said that Google executives have blocked a full-featured YouTube app for Windows Phone, via a blog post from one of its chief lawyers.
The company is trying to put a little public antitrust pressure on Google, given the context of impending American and European decisions about Google's behavior in search and advertising.
But the YouTube issue is not a new one; Microsoft has complained about it to regulators multiple times since 2010. YouTube clients for Android and iPhone have fuller search, favorites and ratings capabilities, while YouTube for Windows Phone is basically a wrapper for the mobile Web version of the site, because it doesn't have access to full APIs.
What's new is that Microsoft is now claiming that people at YouTube are in favor of helping provide a good Windows Phone experience, but senior Google executives recently told them not to do so.
Wrote Dave Heiner, Microsoft VP and deputy general counsel:
Microsoft has continued to engage with YouTube personnel over the past two years to remedy this problem for consumers. As you might expect, it appears that YouTube itself would like all customers — on Windows Phone as on any other device — to have a great YouTube experience. But just last month we learned from YouTube that senior executives at Google told them not to enable a first-class YouTube experience on Windows Phones.
What's odd about Microsoft's claims is that there is already a full YouTube app for another Microsoft product: Xbox. That was released this past August, and was touted by Google and YouTube PR.
The Xbox app was part of YouTube's new platform strategy to be more in control of the user experience and advertising on its apps. Other new apps in that group include PS3, iPhone and iPad. The question is whether YouTube really wants to get there, but is being prevented from doing so by its Google overlords, as Microsoft claims — or whether there is another reason YouTube hasn't done it.
Perhaps Windows Phone's tiny market share may not be enough to make it a priority — though Microsoft is well aware of that problem, and has previously built its own Twitter and Facebook apps.
Update: Here's Google's comment on the matter:
Yahoo Sports gets a fantastic looking redesign today for iOS 7, and gains a slick new feature called ‘Loops'. Loop allows you to skim through a game, pick a short segment and create a gif complete with effects, captions and looping to share with friends or networks.
The Loop feature is powered by Yahoo's IntoNow tech and has one of the best interfaces I've ever seen for creating a gif on mobile. Right now it supports NFL, NBA, NHL and MLB, as well as NCAA and NCAAB but may expand to more sports in the future. It's also iPhone only right now, but other platforms are on the roadmap.
You drop into one of your favorite sports and scrub through a game or pick a play. Once you've picked a time, you're dropped into a scannable timeline that lets you pick your moment. Then you can apply filters like freeze frame or slow motion, add a caption and export your gif to social networks and the Loop feed.
I've been playing with the editing tool and the Yahoo team working on the app has done a fantastic job. The tool is quick, simple and fun to use, and should result in an explosion of sports gifs.
Fossils from South Africa of the Australopithecus sediba display a unique mix of primitive and modern, human-like features
Is the Australopithecus sediba our ancestor? New research in the journal Science suggests so, as high-resolution scans and uranium-dating tests reveal that this hominin exhibited primitive as well as human-like traits and existed around the same time early Homo species first walked the Earth.
"The many advanced features found in the brain and body, along with the earlier date, make it possibly the best candidate ancestor for our genus," says Lee Berger, the project leader from the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, in a news release.
Berger and their colleagues discovered the remains of a juvenile male (MH-1) and an adult female (MH-2) Au. sediba in one of the caves of Malapa in South Africa last year. Several uranium-dating tests and high-resolution synschrotron X-ray scans of the nearly complete fossils of pelvises, hands, and feet suggest that the Au. sediba is about 1.977 million years old. Until this discovery, fossils of the Homo habilis and Homo rudolfensis dated to 1.90 million years ago have been considered ancestral to Homo erectus, the earliest undisputed human ancestor.
In the gallery below, see images of the Au. sediba's fossils, behind-the-scenes photos of experiments, and visualizations of this remarkable species's human-like features.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Some Toro y Moi's most grinning tracks are buried on their Woodlands demo, a circa 2009 batch of home-recorded fuzzy punk and anthemic folk wherein you could finally hear their voice through the chill. Years later, the South Carolina singer/producer has gotten better: "Buffalo" is the latest single from Toro's rock-leaning LP What For?, and it's still funky, with its snuggly, familiar snare drums. "When I started writing this song I was experiencing a bit of writer's block and this song was what pulled me out," Toro told FADER. "As soon as I wrote it, I knew it would set the tone for the entire album." Switching up sounds is daunting, and Toro's one of the few that do it confidently almost every go-round. Can't stop by if they never stops, they sing here, and we hope they keep going.
A total of 17 artists have been picked as finalists for up to four highly visible public art installations planned for the new arena under construction in downtown Sacramento.
The list was released Thursday by the Sacramento Metropolitan Arts Commission and includes nine artists from the four-county Sacramento region. Another two artists live in Butte County, and six finalists reside in the Bay Area.
Arts commission Executive Director Shelly Willis called the pool an “esteemed group of finalists” and said the Sacramento area is well-represented. A special panel that has been exploring the public art program for the arena chose the finalists.
Members of the arts commission will vote Monday on whether to approve the list of finalists. If approved, those artists will be given tours of the arena site starting next month and will be asked to submit their proposals by mid-October. The winning artists will be chosen shortly after that.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
The artists are competing to have their work shown at four spots inside and outside the arena.
Five artists were chosen to compete for an LED installation on the facade of the arena, near the building's main entrance. About $50,000 will be allocated to commission that work.
The arena panel chose 14 artists from a pool of 131 to compete to have their work displayed at three other locations: the massive escalator wells inside the arena, along the L Street side of the arena, and near or in the public plaza that will extend into the arena site from Fifth and J streets. Individual commissions for those works will range from $250,000 to $400,000.
Specific proposals have not been released yet, but Willis said some ideas have already been discussed. For example, Bill Fontana, a San Francisco-based composer and artist, has talked about creating a sound installation on the L Street side.
The total budget for the public art commissions will be $1.3 million. Of that, $1 million is coming from a donation by local artist and philanthropist Marcy Friedman. The other $300,000 was split evenly between with Kings and the city of Sacramento; that donation was part of the Art in Public Places program that requires a portion of public construction budgets be set aside for public art.
The City Council has already approved the most visible art for the arena: an $8 million sculpture being created by renowned New York artist Jeff Koons.
Unofficial energy sector estimates for Germany for 2014 have rolled in over the past few weeks. Craig Morris provides an overview.
In 2014, German coal power production fell considerably year over year (see the table below) – and to the lowest level since 2011.
One of the main headlines in the German press based on these figures is that renewables now represent the biggest single share of power supply, having nudged just ahead of lignite in second place (though some think the comparison is cheating because the two types of coal, hard coal and lignite, are listed separately, while renewables are put together). In 2014, renewables made up just under 26 percent of German power supply, up from 23.4 percent in 2013. At a continuous growth rate of two percentage points per year starting from 26 percent in 2014, Germany would reach its target of 80 percent renewable power in 2041 – nine years ahead of schedule.
Note also the dramatic decrease in power consumption at around minus four percent, with net power exports rising slightly to set yet another record for the third year in a row. The official explanation is that milder weather reduced power consumption, along with an economic decline in the chemicals sector. The recent economic sanctions against Russia have set back German industry, but the economy as a whole remains relatively strong, with unemployment still lingering at an all-time low since reunification. Quite possibly, a growing number of households are also consuming their own renewable electricity directly, and this consumption & production is not reflected in the figures.
When we add in the reduction in electricity from natural gas and oil, power from fossil fuels fell to a level not seen in the past 35 years (see graphic below). Gas consumption was down even more dramatically – 14 percent – due to milder weather (roughly half of German homes have gas-fired heating systems). As a result, Germany's carbon emissions are expected to have fallen by around 4-5 % in 2014 alone.
A view of total energy consumption (not just electricity) reveals a different picture, however.
Total energy consumption was also down – in fact, to the lowest level since reunification at the beginning of the 1990s. As a result, the share of nuclear power in energy consumption actually grew although slightly less nuclear power was generated. Likewise, consumption of petroleum in all energy sectors actually fell, but its share grew nonetheless.
Most of all, we clearly see that Germany is only making progress with renewables within the power sector, where it is clearly on target. In contrast, the share of renewables in total energy supply rose by only 0.7 percent last year. Starting at 11.1 percent in 2014, 0.7 percent growth means that Germany would not reach its target of 60 percent renewable energy by 2050, but rather after 2080. Clearly, we need to stop talking about just coal and focus more on oil, or start to more ambitiously include the transportation and heat sectors in the Energiewende.
Craig Morris (@PPchef) is the lead author of German Energy Transition. They direct Petite Planète and writes every workday for Renewables International.
The Raiders must reduce their roster to 75 by 1 p.m. on Tuesday. It was at 88 going into Sunday's game after they cut Jonathan Dowling and Quinterrius Eatmon. Menelik Watson will be one more to come off when he's officially placed on IR. Now, the process of further whittling down the roster appears to have begun. I'll track all the moves here and this post will be continually updated.
ESPN's Bill Williamson reports that running back Trent Richardson has been cut, which is no major surprise.
According to Pro Football Talk, the team also waived wide receiver Kenbrell Thompkins. Thompkins caught 15 passes for 209 yards and no TDs with the Raiders last year after starting the season and spending 2013 with the Patriots. They were in the mix for the No. 3 receiver spot, but it seems like the Raiders see more upside in players like Brice Butler and Seth Roberts, so this move could help that duo out.
According to Adam Caplan of ESPN, undrafted free agent quarterback Cody Fajardo is being waived. If the Raiders were to cut another quarterback and only go with two, they could be a guy they look to bring back on the practice squad. With as little action as they saw, this move was inevitable.
Another one from Williamson, undrafted wide receiver Josh Harper is being released. Derek Carr's former Fresno State teammate was worth bringing in to camp, but the fact that they never got any meaningful snaps left the writing on the wall.
It looks like cornerback James Dockery is another cut based on this Tweet/Instagram post.
New York Fries Chooses Virtual Next to Power “NYF FRY SOCIETY”; The Brand's Custom Digital Rewards Program
September 23rd, 2014
Customers will be able to use mobile phones to earn FREE food from NYF and pay faster without downloading an app
TORONTO, ON, September 23, 2014 – New York Fries, a privately owned fast food company specializing in premium french fries and poutine, has recently partnered with Virtual Next, a digital payment and loyalty provider, to launch their mobile loyalty and payment program: “NYF Fry Society”.
The digital payment and loyalty program enables customers to complete transactions more quickly by using their smartphones without having to download an app. The technology, provided by Virtual Next, allows customers to pay, earn, and redeem rewards and coupons with one simple scan of their phones. The company uses digital wallets like iPhone PassBook and Google Wallet to create branded mobile loyalty and payment solutions for restaurants and retailers.
“We understand the challenges with launching an app and getting adoption in the crowded app market. We decided to go with something that is simpler and more effective to launch our Fry Society program, and Virtual Next offers a great solution,” says Warren Price, Executive VP at New York Fries. “We will be offering our customers a mobile loyalty card with optional mobile payment; allowing us to start building a relationship with customers without forcing them to share their credit card information. Users can opt in to mobile payment at a later time and receive extra benefits, such as free fries on their birthday.” adds Warren.
“We are excited to partner with New York Fries and provide their customers with an experience that is simple to understand and offers them great value as well,” says Bijan Shahrokhi, CEO of Virtual Next. “Digital wallets enable merchants to offer simple mobile loyalty and payment programs without an app, which means lower program costs and higher rates of participation.”
The NYF Fry Society is currently being tested in select New York Fries corporately owned stores, with plans to launch nationally in the fall.
About Virtual Next
Virtual Next is the world's first company to enable restaurant chains to offer a mobile based digital card that ties payment into loyalty without the use of additional smartphone apps. Virtual Next research has shown that smartphone apps are not effective for restaurant chains; which is why Virtual Next uses the smartphone's existing digital wallets such as iPhone PassBook and Google Wallet to offer a branded loyalty program, thus receiving far more effective results in terms of customer adoption and service. Virtual Next enables restaurants and retailers with any Point of Sale system to offer a mobile loyalty, gift card, payment, and couponing program to their customers.
To learn more about Virtual Next, visit www.virtualnext.com
About New York Fries
New York Fries is a Canadian, privately-owned retail chain specializing in premium quality, fresh-cut fries and poutine. Located in all major Canadian malls, the 155 unit chain has successfully expanded into Turkey, China, the United Arab Emirates, Hong Kong, Macau, Kurdistan, Saudi Arabia, and Bahrain with 30 international units. The brand, which recently celebrated its 30th anniversary, is a leader in the Canadian fast food market. In 2004, New York Fries became the first Canadian quick-service company to switch its oil to non-hydrogenated, trans-fat-free sunflower oil. In 2008, New York Fries won the Pinnacle Award for Franchisee Excellence, acknowledging its outstanding franchisee relations. New York Fries was named one of Canada's 50 best managed companies in 2011, 2012 and 2013. www.newyorkfries.com
Media Contact
Bijan Shahrokhi, CEO
Phone number: 1 (647) 860-4920
email: bijan@virtualnext.com
(Most of the time this forum is as simple as one question, one answer. But Saturday was different, with so much reaction to the lack of clarity from Dwyane Wade regarding their future with the Bulls and their reflections on the Heat. So this time, we start with your reactions and then respond from there).
Q: Do you think Pat Riley reaches out to D-Wade? I think they would be willing to take lesser money for more years. -- Kelly, Miami.
Q: For $5 million. -- Jared.
Q: The Miami media seems to be flirting with the idea of a Wade reunion come next season. However, I'm not sure that would be wise unless it was for the original $10 million, which would still leave the Heat with room to go after Gordon Hayward/Blake Griffin if they were to move some pieces (Tyler Johnson, Josh McRoberts, decline Wayne Ellington). -- Gabriel, Miami.
Q: Would the Heat have enough remaining cap space? Will Micky Arison and the Heat send a plane or cruise ship to pick up Wade? -- Luchey.
Q: Well no one is paying them what Chicago will be forced to after watching them this year. So to chase a ring will mean giving up dollars. -- Bev.
Q: I'm glad it's not the Heat doing the waiting and watching with Wade this year. Riley is vindicated, as the Bulls are in an awful bind. -- Ury.
Q: So Wayne Ellington drops out the rotation? I love Wade but I don't know if they fit on this team -- A.N.
Q: Too many shooting guards already. -- James.
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
Q: Time for them and Pat to fix this nuisance that should've ever have happened. Plus, we might lose some guys from current roster. -- Thiago.
Q: But do we really want them back at the number it's going to cost? -- Caleb.
Q: Can you imagine Wade mentoring Dion Waiters? It's a dream come true. -- Ricardo.
Q: Imagine Waiters learning from the GOAT. -- Felix.
Q: D-Wade doesn't fit in the current system. Great player/person but times have changed. Time to move off of Wade coming back. It's a business. -- Kate.
Q: If Wade comes back this summer I'd be very happy, but I think our priority should be keeping this group together by signing both Waiters and James Johnson. This team can be great with Wade as a sixth man. The problem is: Is they willing to accept a bench role? And if so, would the price be not too high? He's shown that he's not a $20 million player anymore. -- Gunter, Berlin.
(And many, many more.)
A: Whew.
I'm not sure where to start other than it starts with this: Dwyane Wade has a $23.8 million decision to make before any outside team can talk to them about free agency.
And this ultimately might not be an issue at all, because if Jimmy Butler remains with the Bulls then Dwyane probably does as well (with the Bulls likely to therefore also pick up Rajon Rondo's contract for next season).
So it really doesn't come down to the Bulls' preference (likely would embrace Wade opting out) to Riley's.
But what the Heat can't do is draw the line one season and then come back with anything close to the amount Wade would be bypassing by opting out in Chicago. There is plenty of room for emotion and sentiment in sports, but not when it comes to the salary cap.
Put it this way, the Heat have several ways they can spend their money, so it comes down to -- as it always does -- priorities. From this perspective, the priorities should be: 1. See if the "whales" are biting. 2. See if "sacrifice" is attainable with Dion Waiters and James Johnson. 3. Investigate any and all trade options that could bolster the roster. 4. Find a workable cap number for a Wade reunion if they leaf the Bulls.
As for mentoring Dion Waiters, keep in mind the growth Waiters made this past season with the mentorship group the Heat already had in place, from Erik Spoelstra to Juwan Howard and the team's development coaches. And none of them also were competing with Dion for playing time.
Then there is the hunger that defined the Heat this past season. Would a 36-year-old veteran work with such a relentless group that was reporting for work even on their days off?
Beyond that, Wade-Goran Dragic didn't exact mesh in their previous time together.
And if Wade were to leave the Bulls because of lack of a competitive roster, would the Heat, which finished with the same 41-41 record this past season, be an upgrade? Or would sidling up to friends LeBron James or Chris Paul make more sense?
With two months for this all to play out in Chicago, expect more questions like the ones above, questions that may never come with definitive answers.
With the release of the Rogue One trailer last week, we're now officially into the “one-Star Wars movie a year” release cycle. Early word is very promising too, and Gareth Edwards' seems to have combined their ground level, character-centric approach with the Star Wars aesthetic to create something with a very different, yet familiar, flavour. Force 10 from Yavin IV, if you like.
But while the overall reaction has been positive, one of the minor criticisms I've seen raised is that this will be the fourth movie of an eight movie-and-counting series centred entirely around a Death Star. A New Hope is an entire script predicated on Chekov's Battle Station, Return of the Jedi is much the same, and The Force Awakens got a lot of flak for its own version, Starkiller Base.
So, why go back there? Again?
In a word: history.
One of the things that the addition of the prequel trilogy did very successfully was provided context for the rise of the Empire. Those movies, along with the Clone Wars and Rebels cartoon series have done great work exploring the gradual ascent of Palpatine and the society's subtle slide into dictatorship. There's no switch that gets flicked, no sudden seizure of power beyond Order 66; Palpatine just slowly curdles popular opinion until they seem like the only choice. The first stage of their path to power ends with the slaughter of the Jedi. The second ends with the destruction of Alderaan.
This is the moment that the mailed fist of the Empire is revealed for all to see. Certainly in the lifetimes of the characters in A New Hope, a planet-killing weapon is unprecedented. Planets are occupied, wars fought, but the idea of simple, total obliteration of an entire world? That's the moment the Emperor becomes a war criminal.
It's also a perfectly timed show of force, with a small f. By revealing the Death Star's existence the Emperor is also revealing their winning hand. He's not taken control—he's been GIVEN control, and the Death Star is their means of keeping it. He's like the anti-Bond villain, revealing the truth after it's far too late to do anything about it.
The first Death Star's shadow falls on more than just Yavin IV. Its deployment sends a clear message to all the potential Rebels as well as the Alliance itself: we will find you. We will kill everyone around you to get to you. Surrender.
Just as importantly, it speaks to Palpatine's arrogance. Not only do they want the largest weapon ever created, but they want it to be used to literally and metaphorically reshape the galaxy.  They are the final authority in what was the Republic, the arbiter of life and death. When viewed that way it could even be argued that this show of force is an act of revolt against the very thing that defines him. The Force may be everywhere, but Palpatine can remove big chunks of everywhere with one shot from the Death Star. Or at least they can, until it's destroyed.
That's why the second Death Star is so thematically powerful. Its very existence speaks to the Empire being on the back foot and temporarily outmaneuvered, returning to an old technique that almost worked as the Rebellion begins to gain momentum. Even the design of the station speaks to this, with its partially finished superstructure and the external shield generator protecting it. The Empire never learns why safety rails are a thing that happen, but give them credit: they made damn sure they closed that exhaust port.
If the first Death Star is the embodiment of Palpatine's will, the second is the embodiment of their deviousness. The station's fully operational central laser is a classic feint, the Empire on the ropes but far from powerless. The station also serves as the crucible for the multiple plots the movie, and Palpatine, have set in motion. It's there that Luke is almost seduced to the Dark Side, and it's there where the Emperor's latest test of Vader's loyalty fails, and there that the Empire finally begins to die. Again, it's an immensely powerful image, both in-universe and as part of the movie: Palpatine dying in the half-completed remains of their ultimate weapon as the Dark Side's greatest champion returns to the light. The Empire defeated by their own inability to adapt.
Its powerful stuff, which is one of the reasons people had a problem with Starkiller Base in The Force Awakens. On the surface, that's a textbook piece of sequel bloat; the same idea but larger, more powerful and angrier. There's certainly an element of that, and whether or not that's a deliberate evocation of A New Hope or a lazy cover version is going to be debated for years. What's really interesting, though, is what Starkiller Base says about The First Order and their relationship to the Empire.
My friend Andrew Reid goes into excellent detail on this, but it can be summed up as follows: the First Order are children wearing the Empire's clothes. They're desperate, uncertain, and savagely cruel. They want to re-establish and finish what the Empire started and they want to do that as quickly as possible. And what was the single, historical, epoch-changing event of the last few decades?
The destruction of Alderaan by the Death Star.
Yes, Starkiller Base is a riff on the Death Star but the point is that it HAS to be. The First Order is desperate for a foothold, to carve their name into the galaxy not as the endgame of their rise to power but as the first step. That's why they don't just rebuild the Death Star, but massively overpower and over-design it. Because Palpatine's game of political chess has now been replaced by operatically excessive destruction and a hint of terrified brutality.
So, the three Death Stars we've seen on screen to date all have very good historical reasons for being there. One is a punctuation mark on history, another is a last gambit, and the third is a desperate attempt to evoke the old, dark glories of the villains' predecessors. That brings us back to Rogue One.
There are three reasons we need to revisit that first Death Star. The most obvious is, again, historical context. The Death Star and its victims are the hub around which this entire era of the Star Wars universe turns. Its existence embodies everything about the Empire, and the resistance to it embodies everything about the Rebellion: implacable, absolute violence versus terrified, under-equipped bravery. This is rich ground and it makes perfect sense for the first ‘Story' movie to mine it.
In turn, returning to that period also opens the door to the much talked about spotlight movies. In order to successfully produce films centred on Boba Fett, Han Solo, or any of the others it's necessary to effectively reintroduce those characters to the post-Force Awakens audience. Yes, a huge portion of that audience will undoubtedly know them already. But some won't, and by returning to this massively significant event, Rogue One helps set the table for every Story movie that will follow it.
Finally, there's the possibility of Rogue One exploring the human cost on both sides of the conflict. Randall's monologue in Clerks about the contractors who must have died on the Death Star, like all Randall's best material, has some truth to it. If, as seems likely, Rogue One shows us the innocent victims and misguided soldiers forced to build the Death Star then it casts both the Empire and the Rebellion in a very different light. What do you do if you realize your actions will kill millions? What if, in saving those millions, you ensure tens of thousands will die? Where's the line?
We don't know for sure that sort of moral ambiguity is going to be part of the movie but the signs certainly point in that direction. If it's done right then we'll be looking at an examination of the biggest event in this fictional universe's history from a realistic, complex perspective. If it's handled badly, then it'll be a horrible misstep at a crucial moment.
But from the small glimpses we've seen, that doesn't look likely. Instead, Rogue One looks like it will expand the tone and scope of the Star Wars universe—not so much a New Hope as a New Perspective, and one that uses the worst thing the Empire ever did to tell a story about one of the Rebellion's finest hours. It's going to be a long wait to December 14th…
Alasdair Stuart is a freelancer writer, RPG writer and podcaster. They own Escape Artists, who publish the short fiction podcasts Escape Pod, Pseudopod, Podcastle, Cast of Wonders, and the magazine Mothership Zeta. They blog enthusiastically about pop culture, cooking and exercise at Alasdairstuart.com, and tweets @AlasdairStuart.
President Obama meets Tuesday in the Oval Office with, from left, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to discuss the U.S. response to the Islamic State. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
President Obama is prepared to use U.S. military airstrikes in Syria as part of an expanded campaign to defeat the Islamic State and does not believe they need formal congressional approval to take that action, according to people who have spoken with the president in recent days.
Obama discussed their plans at a dinner with a bipartisan group of foreign policy experts this week at the White House and made clear their belief that they have the authority to attack the militant Islamist group on both sides of the Iraq-Syria border to protect U.S national security, multiple people who participated in the discussion said. The move to attack in Syria would represent a remarkable escalation in strategy for Obama, who has sought during their presidency to reduce the U.S. military engagement in the Middle East.
Administration officials have been working in recent days to enlist the support of the nation's political establishment to help sell their strategy to the American public, which Obama will address in a prime-time speech Wednesday night. The president met with the top four congressional leaders Tuesday, while their aides held briefings on Capitol Hill.
The intensity of the outreach amounted to a tacit acknowledgment by administration officials that they have been slow in formulating a strategy to confront the militants and in conveying that vision more broadly. The Islamic State controls wide swaths of territory in both countries, but the United States has so far limited its military engagement to Iraq, as Obama has been reluctant to intervene in Syria's civil war.
Obama is committed to taking the fight to the Islamic State “wherever their strategic targets are,” said Michèle Flournoy, a former undersecretary of defense for policy who was among those at Monday's dinner.
“This is not an organization that respects international boundaries,” said Flournoy, who left the Obama administration in 2012 and now serves as chief executive of the Center for a New American Security. “You cannot leave them with a safe haven. . . . I expect them to be very candid.”
There is no indication that a U.S. strike in Syria is imminent, and the Obama administration has signaled that a stepped-up U.S. effort in Iraq, in conjunction with an international and regional partnership, is probably the first step in combating the Islamic State's advances.
A White House spokesperson declined to comment for this article, but White House press secretary Josh Earnest said at their daily briefing Tuesday that the Islamic State is “essentially operating in a virtual safe haven in Syria. That's a dangerous situation.”
Many congressional Republicans, as well as some Democrats, have criticized Obama as being too cautious. House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) told reporters Tuesday that “what we need is a strategy,” while Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said in a floor speech before meeting with the president that Obama “needs to explain to Congress how additional authorities of the use of force will protect Americans.”
After the meeting with congressional leaders Tuesday, Boehner was supportive of some of what they heard. The speaker's office issued a statement saying, “The Speaker stated they would support the President if they chose to deploy the military to help train and play an advisory role for the Iraqi Security Forces and assist with lethal targeting of ISIL leadership.” (The Islamic State is also known as ISIL or ISIS.)
Obama informed lawmakers during the session that they did not need new authority from Congress to pursue their approach to countering the threat posed by the Islamic State, according to congressional leadership aides.
Former vice president Richard B. Cheney made their case for more-aggressive intervention in Iraq in a meeting with House Republicans on Tuesday, but many of the newer, more libertarian members of the GOP conference seemed unmoved.
The War Powers Act of 1973 is a classic separation of powers struggle. President Obama has already taken military action to fight the Islamic State in Iraq, but is Syria next? Here's what the president can do, with or without Congress. (Jackie Kucinich/The Washington Post)
The president is unlikely to lay out all the details of their plans to expand U.S. military engagement in the region during their Wednesday speech, which will take place at 9 p.m. at the White House. Instead, they are expected to state their case for how targeted U.S. military force fits into their broader strategy to develop an international coalition and regional partnerships to attack the Islamic State in order to “degrade and destroy” its operations.
The president “thinks they have the legal authority they need” to increase U.S. military engagement in both Iraq and Syria, said Jane Harman, president of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, who attended the dinner with Obama. The White House's belief that it has authority to act is based on the reports Obama has filed with Congress under the War Powers Act and the earlier congressional authorization for the war in Iraq.
Over the past month, Obama has authorized airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq to defend U.S. personnel, help rescue members of a religious minority group trapped on a mountainside, and defend strategic infrastructure, including two dams. They sent in U.S. troops to help protect the consulate in Irbil, but they have vowed not to send U.S. combat forces in the campaign against the Islamic State, after having withdrawn the remaining U.S. forces from Iraq in late 2011.
Last year, Obama had decided to authorize limited airstrikes against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for using chemical weapons against rebel fighters, but the president ultimately chose to ask Congress to endorse the move with a formal vote. That effort failed, and the United States did not intervene with direct military action. But the Islamic State's rapid advances into Iraq this summer and its brutal tactics, which have included the beheadings of two U.S. journalists in the past month, have ramped up pressure on the administration to take stronger action.
A Washington Post-ABC News poll this week showed that Americans overwhelmingly view the Islamic State as a serious threat to vital U.S. interests and, in a significant shift, widely support airstrikes in Iraq and Syria. Seventy-one percent of all Americans say they support airstrikes in Iraq, and 65 percent support strikes in Syria. That is more than double the level of support a year ago for launching airstrikes to punish the Syrian regime.
Several prominent Republicans, including Sen. Robert Portman (Ohio), said they believe that Obama can launch airstrikes to combat the militants in both Iraq and Syria without seeking a congressional vote.
“The president has authorization to act now,” Portman said in a phone interview Tuesday, adding that they remained “a little confused” about an administration strategy that has been slow to develop.
“We are ‘leading from behind,' to use the president's words,” they said. “By not leading, we are making it more difficult and more costly.”
Obama's dinner with the foreign policy experts — a gathering that included former high-ranking officials in Republican administrations, including Richard Haass and Stephen Hadley — was part of an intensive White House effort in recent months to expand its sphere of influence. Although the president has on a semi-regular basis invited in outside experts for conversations, the White House has shifted its tone amid a series of high-profile foreign policy crises, including Russia's intervention in eastern Ukraine, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in Gaza and the advance of the Islamic State deep into Iraq.
In private conversations, senior White House national security aides have expressed greater willingness to hear new ideas and solicit input in hopes of doing a better job of developing strategy and communicating it to the public, said several influential foreign policy experts who have talked with Obama advisers in recent months.
Jon B. Alterman, who directs the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the real challenge Obama faces is not articulating their approach but executing it and brokering the political deals that will underpin any military strike.
“The problem is policy follow-through,” Alterman said, adding that the danger of leading with “a military operation is you start thinking the job is done, when the job has just begun. What the U.S. strategy is trying to do is deny haven to [the Islamic State], and doing it in Iraq with a government that is chaotic at best will take some time. Doing it in Syria is going to be even harder.”
Samuel R. “Sandy” Berger, who served as President Bill Clinton's national security adviser and attended Monday's dinner, said Obama “has their arms around this” and is prepared to “lay out a comprehensive strategy to deal with ISIS long-term.”
Harman described the dinner Monday as “focused and thoughtful.” Over a dinner of D'Anjou pear salad and Chilean sea bass, Obama, Vice President Biden and the outside experts engaged in a deep discussion of the options to combat the Islamic State, those who participated said.
Obama was clear that they wanted general congressional support — or “buy-in” — for their plans, in part because the increased military campaign, including training of Iraqi military forces and other regional fighters to take on the Islamic State, will come with a significant price tag from the Pentagon and is likely to take several years, people involved in the dinner said.
One former Obama administration official, who was not at the dinner Monday and spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations with the administration, said the president was committed to a strategy to strike the Islamic State “wherever they are.” The ex-official added: “The bar for strikes in eastern Syria is higher than in western Iraq, and if you're a military planner you have to meet that threshold. But the fact that we're reportedly doing surveillance flights over Syria already — you're not doing those things unless the military has already been asked to prepare a targets package.”
Katie Zezima, Ed O'Keefe and Robert Costa contributed to this report.
If you, like us here at FiveThirtyEight, were initially skeptical of Donald Trump's chances of winning the GOP nomination in part because you assumed that the Republican Party would go out of its way to stop him, then you'll find the following pretty remarkable. According to Tim Alberta of the National Review, there are currently no negative television ads running against Trump in Iowa, New Hampshire or South Carolina.
There are a lot of reasons for this — including, paradoxically, both resignation to the idea of Trump as the nominee, and conversely, a belief that Trump's support in national polls won't translate into winning margins in Iowa and other early voting states. But there's another dimension to the problem too. It should have been perfectly obvious, but it became clearer to me after spending the past week in Iowa: The campaigns competing against Trump are acting in their own narrow best interests, and not necessarily in the best interest of the Republican Party.
If you look at the race through the lens of the national media, it's easy to focus solely on Trump, and to a lesser extent Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. But in Iowa, there are a lot of other Republican campaigns too. Some, like Ben Carson's, are relatively visible in the form of billboards and advertisements. Others, like Rick Santorum's, you really have to go looking for. All of these campaigns still have boots on the ground. However implausible their candidate's chances might be, it's the job of their staffers to keep working for their candidate until the bitter end.
So unless the Republican National Committee itself were to buy airtime to run negative ads against Trump, the question is which individual candidates might benefit from doing so. This answer is more complicated than you might think.
The most important part of the calculation is that if Trump doesn't win Iowa, Cruz very probably will instead. In fact, if Trump slumps during the final two weeks of the campaign, Cruz could win resoundingly in Iowa, since polls suggest that he's the second choice of many Trump voters.
So what would the other candidates rather have: an overwhelming Cruz win in Iowa or a close finish between Cruz and Trump?
Rubio, for example, might prefer a close finish. For one thing, if Cruz and Trump almost evenly split their vote, there's an outside chance that Rubio could win Iowa themselves with something like the 25 percent of the vote Mitt Romney got in 2012. Furthermore, a big Cruz win in Iowa, coupled with a big Trump loss, might be enough for Cruz to surge to the top of New Hampshire polls and win there too.
What about Chris Christie? Christie's tough-guy persona might seem perfect for taking on Trump, especially during a debate. But Christie, like Rubio, has largely avoided confronting Trump. That too could reflect a strategic calculation. To win the nomination, Christie will first need a good performance in New Hampshire. Then he'll hope to survive until the latter half of the nomination process, when lots of delegate-rich (and often winner-take-all or winner-take-most) blue and purple states vote. He's playing a long game, in other words, and they might not mind some Trump-induced chaos in the short run if it prevents Cruz or some other candidate from slingshotting to victory.
Obviously, the calculations that Rubio and Christie are making may be wrong. Jeb Bush and John Kasich, whose situations are not all that different than Christie's or Rubio's, have chosen to attack Trump instead. Furthermore, the more Trump becomes a threat to win the nomination himself, instead of being a bumper that other candidates try to ricochet against, the more urgent it becomes to attack him.
That may be what Cruz's campaign has figured out. After months of buddying up to Trump, Cruz is now shifting into attack mode. While Cruz might prefer a cordial victory over Trump in Iowa, maintaining a favorable image with Trump supporters so as to convert them into their camp later on, Trump remains too much of a threat too late in the race for Cruz to feel assured of that now.
It might seem ironic that the establishment could soon be counting on Cruz to save itself from Trump. (Cue the scene from “Jurassic World” when T. Rex is summoned out of its cage to battle Indominus Rex to the death.) But if you consider the problem from the standpoint of the individual campaigns, and not “the party” as a whole, it makes a lot more sense.
Check out our live coverage of the Democratic debate.
Do you ever wonder how the top players in the Show are scoring their goals on a regular basis? What high-end skills these players are perfecting to allow them to score 20, 30, 40 goals a season? Are there a lot of common traits between these high-end scorers? And what skills sets are paramount to executing these plays? Below I have gone through a collection of goals scored this season by Toronto Maple Leaf's star Phil Kessel. I have written short breakdowns of 20 of Phil's goal's this season. At the bottom of the article you will find the total analysis and skill set breakdown
How is Phil Kessel Scoring Goals This Season?
2.8.14 – Wrist shot inside the blue line, in between the dots.
2.1.14 – Catch and Release, has great timing and patience, wins body position in front of the net to give themselves the ability to get pass and release quick shot.
2.1.14 – (Power Play Goal) Catch and Release off of the half wall. Releases puck inside the dots at the top of the circles.
2.1.14 – Phil uses their skating ability to win body position going to the net and gets a great pass back door for a tap in
1.25.14 – Short back swing one timer for the goal.
1.21.14 – Phil reads play, goes hard to the net, finds loose puck by being patient, great hockey sense and awareness.
1.21.14 – Reads play, uses speed to get on the fore check to track down the puck, moves puck goes to the front of the net/slot area, quick catch and release for the goal.
1.20.14 – (Power Play Goal) Makes move off of the half wall to get to the top of the circles and releases quick shot.
1.18.14 – Reads play as F2, wins battle on the wall, puck moves down low, Phil goes to the top of slot area finds puck in scrum releases quick shot
1.15.14 – Reads play as F2, puck deflects to them off of a bad pass, takes three strides into middle of the ice at the top of dots releases snapshot low blocker.
1.10.14 – Starts breakout, goes to weak side through neutral zone and gets pass in stride, shoots in stride insides the dots top right
12.29.13 – (Power Play Goal) Break puck out of own end and Kessel sets up in zone. Puck gets moved to the middle of the ice, Kessel reads play goes to the slot, receives pass for the one timer, short backswing
12.14.13 – Reads play, goes hard through the middle of the ice into the offensive zone, receives pass for a quick catch and release shot low glove
12.7.13 – 2 versus 1 rushPhil uses speed and goes hard to the post, receives pass for tap in backdoor.
12.3.13 – (Power Play Goal) Puck is controlled on the right half wall, Phil lingers patiently in the circle dot on the weak side of the ice and then goes back door for pass across for a quick shot for the goal.
11.29.13 – Phil skates hard through neutral zone, wins battle, receives puck and with feet moving releases shot low short side
11.27.13 – Phil reads play, Bozek wins battle behind net, Kessel sneakily finds ice in the slot, receives pass for the one timer which they shots low blocker.
11.19.13 – 2 versus 1 rush,Phil takes puck to the right side, with feet moving releases shot high glove for the goal. Released shot inside the dots, parallel to the dot
11.19.13 – (Power Play Goal) Brings puck into offensive zone on the right side, feels pressure executes Gretzky turn at the top of the circles, creates space for themselves takes ice inside the dots and releases a quick shot with feet moving at top of the circle low blocker.
11.8.13 – HIGHLIGHT REEL – Winds up in zone uses great speed and momentum through neutral zone, identifies d is outside the dots on the left side, makes move to the middle of the ice and shots 5 holes with feet moving 5 feet out.
Goal Scoring Analysis
What we can deduce from this set of examples are that Phil's ability to read plays, skate, collect and shoot quickly, shoot in stride, find soft areas in the slot (positioning) and take one timers all are high-end skills that allow them to be a dangerous scoring threat. Only one of the goals would I personally consider a highlight reel goal 11.18.13. The rest of their goals are from their ability to find ice, collect passes and releases accurate shots very quickly. Another thing I noticed was that Phil generally shots low. Only on a few of their goals did they shoot high!
Scoring Skills You Should Be Teaching and Working On that Translate to Higher Levels!
Receiving and getting shots off quickly
Shooting in stride
Teaching players to go to the hard areas of the ice (slot, in front of the net), find soft areas in the slot and backdoor
Teach timing and the ability to read plays effectively
Break down areas of the ice that a player will have a higher percentage to score in, for example in between the dots, 5 to 15 feet from the net. Inside the House!
Shooting through screens
Teach players how to effectively take a one timer, shallow back swing
Now its Your Turn Let Us Know What You Think! Next player we will Highlight is Patrick Kane
Get ready for the glare of the spotlights, Spurs fans, because flying under the radar is going too hard to do after this.
If there's any part of your enjoyment of being a Spurs fan that relies on rooting for the under-appreciated team whose true quality is known to a relative few, then you may need to find another team because the San Antonio Spurs have just been tapped by an ESPN panel of over 200 experts to be next year's NBA Champions.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Not that ESPN's forecasts are the be-all-end-all of sports prognostication that their description of their panel and process would have you believe. After all, over the last two seasons the Spurs were ranked third in the West and 5th overall in the championship race in this same summer forecast. So, you'd be well within your rights to be reasonably dubious about predictions in general, and this one in specific.
That said, running from the front of the pack is something the Spurs haven't done since ... well, 2008, maybe? And even that year would be arguable. But there was no doubt about the vote as the Spurs got 65 more votes than the second-place Cavaliers.
More from sbnation.com:
They were ordered to convert to Islam or face
Mohammed, before an angry mob arrived at their home and savagely beat them and their family
They were then accused of insulting the
Tired of insults and calls for them to
Shocking: Christian woman Asia Bibi, pictured, has seen their appeal against the death sentence denied
A Pakistani Christian woman has been sentenced to hang after they were accused of making 'blasphemous' comments about the prophet Mohammed during an argument.
While working as a berry picker in 2009, 46-year-old Asia Bibi got into a dispute with a group of Muslim women who objected to them drinking their water because as a Christian they were considered 'unclean'.
Hours after the incident one of the women reported mother-of-five Ms Bibi to a local cleric, claiming they had made disparaging remarks about the prophet Mohammed during the row.
As a result of the allegations, a furious mob arrived at Ms Bibi's home and savagely beat them and members of their family.
They were later arrested, charged with blasphemy and eventually sentenced to death - with their entire family forced to go into hiding after receiving threats on their lives.
This week, despite international outrage and hundreds of thousands of people signing a petition for their release, Ms Bibi lost an appeal to have their sentence overturned, meaning they now face death by hanging.
The shocking case hit global headlines after two prominent politicians who tried to help Ms Bibi were assassinated, one by their own bodyguard.
Lawyers showered the killer with rose petals when they appeared in court and the judge who convicted them of murder had to flee the country.
Ms Bibi's lawyer, Naeem Shakir, said their accusers have contradicted themselves many times since first raising their complaint.
Two witnesses allegedly involved in the incident did not appear in court, they said.
A Muslim prayer leader did appear, saying they did not witness the original altercation, but that Ms Bibi had confessed to the supposed crime in front of him.
Speaking of Ms Bibi's failed appeal against their death sentence, Mr Shakir said: 'I was expecting the opposite decision. We will file an appeal to the Supreme Court of Pakistan in a few days.'
But Gulam Mustafa, the lawyer for the complainant, said the court's decision was correct.
'Asia's lawyer tried to prove that the case was registered on a personal enmity but they failed to prove that,' they said.
Support: Ashiq Maseeh, husband of Asia Bibi, along with their daughters Sidra, second left, and Esham, left, speak to Pakistani Minister of Minority Affairs Shahbaz Bhatti, right. They were later murdered
Human rights groups say Pakistan's blasphemy law is increasingly exploited by religious extremists as well as ordinary Pakistanis to settle personal scores.
The law does not define blasphemy and evidence might not be reproduced in court for fear of committing a fresh offence. There are also no penalties for false accusations.
Those accused are sometimes lynched on the spot. If they are arrested, police and the courts often allow trials to drag on for years, as in the case of Ms Bibi.
The delays tend to be caused because officials are afraid of being physically attacked if they release anyone they feel had been wrongly accused of blasphemy.
Only one person has been executed since Pakistan imposed a de facto moratorium on executions in 2008. This year has seen a record number of blasphemy cases as well as increasing violence against the accused.
Mrs Bibi - a farmworker from rural Punjab - released a memoir called 'Blasphemy' last year, in which they described their torment at not knowing how long they have left to live.
Talking about how they ended up being accused of blasphemy, they say: 'I drank water from a well belonging to Muslim women, using 'their' cup, in the burning heat of the midday sun.
Worried: The daughters of Mrs Bibi pose with an image of their mother who faces death by hanging
A DEADLY CRIME: BLASPHEMY IN PAKISTAN The crime of blasphemy was sealed into Pakistani law under British rule but strengthened during the years of military dictator Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, who died in a plane crash in 1988. In recent years, however, the country - which is 96 per cent Muslim - has seen a surge in accusations of insulting Islam, says Islamabad-based think-tank, the Center for Research and Security Studies. But many analysts see the claims as score-settling or a front for property grabs, and in fact have nothing to do with Islam. If found guilty, defendants can expect the death penalty. The charges are hard to fight because the law does not define blasphemy so presenting the evidence can sometimes itself be considered a fresh infringement. It can also be very difficult to find a lawyer willing to defend those accused of the crime. Blasphemy carries the death penalty in Pakistan but the accused are often lynched or languish for years in jail without trial because lawyers are too afraid to defend them. Judges have previously been attacked in Pakistan for acquitting blasphemy defendants and two politicians who discussed reforming the law were shot dead.
'I, Asia Bibi, have been sentenced to death because I was thirsty. I'm a prisoner because I used the same cup as those Muslim women, because water served by a Christian woman was regarded as unclean by my stupid fellow fruit-pickers.'
In the book, Mrs Bibi describes how - tired of being considered a second-class citizen simply because of their religion and insulted by constant calls for them to convert to Islam - they decided to stand up to the crowd and defend Christianity.
Pushing and shoving ensued, forcing Ms Bibi to flee the scene.
When they returned to work five days later they were attacked again, but this time the crowd were accusing them of having insulted the Prophet Mohammed.
Battered and bruised, Ms Bibi was dragged before the local Islamic teacher who told them the only way they could redeem themselves was by converting to Islam. Otherwise, they said, they would face death.
In November 2010 Ms Bibi was sentenced to death in a Sharia law court, becoming the first woman in Pakistan's history to be given the death penalty for blasphemy.
Over the past four years Ms Bibi has languished in the high-security District Jail Seikhupura, 22 miles north-west of Lahore, before being moved to a more remote prison.
Officials now make them cook their own food every day because they fear that Ms Bibi has so many enemies - within both the prison population and its staff - that they are at serious risk of poisoning.
Anger: Protesters hold up placards while demanding the release of Mrs Bibi at a rally in Lahore in 2010
Ms Bibi's death sentence has drawn international outrage from human rights groups, including Human Rights Watch who say Pakistan's blasphemy laws amount to form of religious persecution.
On news that Ms Bibi's appeal against their conviction had been overturned, Kate Allen, UK Director of Amnesty International, said: 'This is the latest blasphemy outrage to come out of Pakistan. It seems obvious that this is a case of religious persecution, and it's very likely the result of a squabble which escalated out of all proportion.'
'Blasphemy accusations in Pakistan are often used to settle petty vendettas and persecute minority groups. It's a complete disgrace that the courts are complicit in these vendettas.'
Meanwhile a spokesperson for Christian Solidarity Worldwide said: 'Asiya Bibi's sentence is a tragic reminder of the continued abuse of the dysfunctional blasphemy laws and the underlying weaknesses in Pakistan's justice system.'
'Deeply-rooted problems of prejudice, inefficiency, corruption, and under-resourcing are amplified in blasphemy cases, and even more so for religious minorities,' the spokesperson added.
'The only hope they have for justice is when the case is heard in the Supreme Court, and we urge Chief Justice Nasirul Mulk to consider Asiya Bibi's case with the utmost urgency,' they went on to say.
Pope Benedict XVI publicly called for clemency for Ms Bibi, describing their 'spiritual closeness' with them and urging that 'human dignity and fundamental rights of everyone in similar situations' be respected.
Let me tell you what a crazy week it's been regarding my iPad Simulator
A little background
I've thought about creating the iPad simulator shortly after I bought my iPad. I was fascinated by the UI and wanted to see if I can recreate it.
This isn't the first online simulator I've built, before this, was a Nokia n97 simulator, also built with JS + CSS (http://nokian97.co.il)
I've uploaded the iPad simulator a while ago, started playing with it, adding apps (Google Maps, safari, photos etc') , and I was getting 5 hits daily (most of them me from work)
Forrst
I joined Forrst and decided to share it with the forrsters , and I got amazing feedback. And people there told me they want to hack on it, so I've released the code on github.
W3c Israel
Some weeks after, I went to a W3C Israel meeting on web app development and after a short hackaton (results of which you can see here and fork on github ) I've showed the guys there the iPad simulator among other things. They told me I have to publish it somewhere. I've sent an email to [email protected] and went to sleep.
Morning After
I wake up, and I see that someone mentioned me on Twitter (I'm @altryne) and they talked about my iPad simulator. I went and checked Google Analytics and I was amazed to see that while I was sleeping more than 2000 unique hits arrived at my site.
Twitter
Turns out my site was a hit on Twitter, with guys like Dylan Schiemann (@dylans), Jesse Newhart (@JesseNewhart),Dion Almaer (@dalmaer),Cameron Moll (@cameronmoll) and a lot more – thanx a lot guys 🙂 I'm glad you like it.
Websites and blogs
Like I said, I never expected this kind of embrace by the community, and I certainly was surprised to see my link in the guardian tech blog and on Developer.Yahoo.com tech blog and I was proud.
Also I was featured on habrahabr.ru , techweb.com.cn, Ycombinator, macmagazine.com.br and event 1 youtube video!
What's next?
Well I read all the comments I could find, including the trolling and I have a ton of stuff to do.
One thing I was thinking about, is showing a web demo of some iPad applications, and ask developers to provide those demo's, because screenshots are too static 🙂
If your'e an iPad app developer and want to see your app in the simulator, contact me : alex [at] alexw.me
I'm also gonna finish my photos app and it's gonna be awesome! Stay tuned.
Kochi: K. J. Joseph, manager of an ayurveda centre in Munnar, bettered the Guinness World Record of 79 knuckle push-ups (press ups) in a minute set by Ron Cooper of the US in 2015 by doing 82 push-ups in 60 seconds (ie. about 1.35 push-ups in a second).
Joseph, however, will have to wait for the officials of Guinness World Record to validate their accomplishment to officially be the record holder. We at Onmanorama think that the GWR authorities should make a whole new category to cover Joseph's feat as they are a total vegan and never hit the gym to prepare their muscles for this gruelling test.
Joseph, who hails from Chathanthara in Erumely, demonstrated their prowess at Ernakulam Town Hall in front of District Collector M.G. Rajamanickam IAS during a seminar on naturopathy.
Joseph has already entered the Universal Record Forum by doing 2092 push-ups in an hour.  They are currently a record holder in the India Book of Records.
It's just science!
After years of fighting corporations and politicians on environmental issues, "science guy" Bill Nye is ready to take on the Jedi with their latest claim: Star Trek is better.
"Some of my best friends love Star Wars, don't get me wrong," Nye told Rolling Stone. But Star Wars has magic. It has the Force, and it's really about family conflicts and it's Shakespearean. It's nobility, basically. there are commoners and there are all-powerful kings, essentially. But in Star Trek, it's an optimistic view of the future with science." You can see the full comment below.
We'll get a lot of this stuff this year, I'm sure, since both franchises have films due in theaters. Star Wars: The Force Awakens will be out on Thursday, while Star Trek Beyond is in theaters on July 22 and will celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the franchise.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens, directed by J.J. Abrams from a screenplay by Lawrence Kasdan & Abrams, features a cast including actors John Boyega, Daisy Ridley, Adam Driver, Oscar Isaac, Andy Serkis, Academy Award winner Lupita Nyong'o, Gwendoline Christie, Crystal Clarke, Pip Andersen, Domhnall Gleeson, and Max von Sydow. They will join the original stars of the saga, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew, and Kenny Baker.
(RNS) What was supposed to be a touchy-feely, one-on-one interview by Oprah Winfrey with long-distance swimmer Diana Nyad has morphed into a broader, sometimes angry exchange about what it means to be an atheist.
Earlier this month (Oct. 13) Winfrey, 59, hosted Nyad on “Super Soul Sunday,” their weekly talk program on cable's Oprah Winfrey Network. Nyad, 64, recently completed a 53-hour solo swim from Cuba to Florida.
During the hourlong segment, Nyad declared themselves an atheist. They then explained, “I can stand at the beach's edge with the most devout Christian, Jew, Buddhist, go on down the line, and weep with the beauty of this universe and be moved by all of humanity. All the billions of people who have lived before us, who have loved and hurt and suffered. So to me, my definition of God is humanity and is the love of humanity.”
“Well, I don't call you an atheist then,” Winfrey said. “I think if you believe in the awe and the wonder and the mystery, then that is what God is. That is what God is. It's not a bearded guy in the sky.”
Nyad reiterated their lack of belief in a divine being, but the exchange upset many nonbelievers. They took to the Internet and social media to express outrage at Winfrey's assumption that only believers can experience the transcendent or spiritual.
“As an atheist I am even more in AWE and WONDER about the Universe and Nature,” tweeted someone called “Mark Secular.” “I don't need a god @Oprah to see the beauty of it.”
“(I)t's ‘difficult' enough being an atheist in these parts,” Stacypie tweeted from Dallas. “I don't need them defining MY spirituality for all.”
And Boston Atheists, which draws members from across New England, launched a Twitter and Facebook campaign to get Winfrey to officially apologize.
Within a day or two of the broadcast, several prominent atheist leaders and organizations issued statements expressing disappointment with Winfrey. Most saw in the talk show host's rejection of Nyad's atheism what polls, studies and often their own experience tell them — that atheists are among the least trusted and least liked Americans.
“Oprah … does more to perpetuate negative attitudes toward nonbelievers than Pat Robertson or James Dobson ever could,” wrote David Niose, president of the Secular Coalition for America, on the website of Psychology Today. “Oprah, as a media tycoon and a beloved celebrity whose opinions are taken seriously by millions, has just confirmed that atheists are ‘the other,' outsiders who just don't belong in the in-group.”
On CNN's Belief Blog, Chris Stedman, Harvard University's assistant humanist chaplain, wrote, “Winfrey's response may have been well intended. But it erased Nyad's atheist identity and suggested something entirely untrue and, to many atheists like me, offensive: that atheists don't experience awe and wonder.”
Others weighed in on Salon.com, Patheos.com, Skepchick and other atheist and humanist blogs. Even Fox News' “The Five” weighed in, with co-host Eric Bolling saying, “Oprah shouldn't have an opinion whether Nyad believes in God or not.”
Why has this struck such a deep chord? Ryan Cragun, an associate professor of sociology at the University of Tampa who studies atheists, said it may be because atheists are beginning to be more public about their lack of belief, seeing this as an opportunity to express their difference, their presence and their rights — much like the gay community has done before.
“Americans are beginning to realize that there are atheists, but they don't really know who and what atheists are,” Cragun said. “They likely still think atheists are just crotchety old men saying, ‘Your god doesn't exist!' Thus, when they encounter an actual atheist who says, ‘I'm constantly amazed at the world we live in and it makes me stop and wonder all the time,' they are surprised.”
Marcia Z. Nelson, author of “The Gospel According to Oprah,” agreed, saying Winfrey may be exhibiting more unawareness than intolerance.
No Torontonian should be forced to choose between paying the rent and buying groceries, which is the unfortunate choice too many residents of our city are forced to make every month. As the chairs of the Tenant Issues and Affordable Housing Committees we have heard from too many individuals who are being squeezed out of our city. These are not isolated stories and the challenges of finding a decent and affordable place to live are affecting people across the rental spectrum in all areas of the city.
"Due to a historically low vacancy rate of 1.3 per cent, and a lack of new purpose-built rental supply, more and more residents are finding themselves precariously housed by renting condominiums," writes Josh Matlow and Ana Bailão. ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star )
Rents are rapidly rising and on the turnover from one tenant to the next, units are frequently being rented to the highest bidder. Due to a historically low vacancy rate of 1.3 per cent, and a lack of new purpose-built rental supply, more and more residents are finding themselves precariously housed by renting condominiums. Despite the ongoing construction of new condominiums, there remains a major shortage of homes that people can afford. The rental situation has now become critical and it is increasingly affecting the social and economic success of Toronto. Many residents are being priced out of the housing market, threatening the city's ability to attract investment, good jobs, and maintain social cohesion. We can help address the supply challenge at the municipal level by creating opportunities to increase the amount of purpose-built rental supply, support the collection of better data, leverage innovative funding and financing models, ensure as many residential units as possible are on the market and encourage the creation of secondary suites, such as laneway suites.
Article Continued Below
The other issue that needs to be addressed is the Residential Tenancies Act. As a result of market pressures and a lack of protection for renters living in a unit built after 1991, some tenants in condominiums have reported price gouging through annual rent increases between 10 per cent and 50 per cent. This challenge has contributed to a rise in condo apartment rents averaging close to $2,000 per month. While the “1991 exemption” enacted by the Mike Harris government in 1997 was meant to spur an increase in rental housing construction by allowing unrestricted yearly rent increases, it has largely failed to increase the amount of purpose-built rental supply. On the other hand, residents in pre-1991 buildings that supposedly were protected are faced with rent increases above the guideline to pay what should be the cost of doing business. These are just some of the challenges that need to be addressed and that have created a two-tiered tenant and landlord system that must be fixed. We are pleased that the minister of housing has responded to calls to review the Residential Tenancies Act. The new reality of the rental market was not anticipated 20 years ago and needs to be reflected through updated provincial legislation with fair, balanced, and predictable regulations for everyone. The time has now come for non-profit, community, and private-sector organizations to work with all levels of government and governmental agencies to tackle the rental housing crisis and prevent the hollowing out of our city.
As a first step, we are hosting an unprecedented joint meeting of our two committees today at City Hall to take a holistic look at rental affordability in Toronto. This will allow us to take stock of what is happening in Toronto's rental housing market and hear first-hand from the public and stakeholders most affected. With everyone working together, we can move forward with concrete recommendations to help ensure all Torontonians have access to a safe, clean, and affordable home. Josh Matlow is the city councillor for Ward 22, St. Paul's and the chair of the Tenant Issues Committee. Ana Bailão is the city councillor for Ward 18, Davenport and the chair of the Affordable Housing Committee.
CLOSE First same-sex couple married in Larimer County Erin Hooley
Buy Photo Barb Hooper and Wendy Wood kiss Monday, Oct. 6, after becoming the first same-sex couple to legally wed in Larimer County. The U.S. Supreme Court opened the way Monday for same-sex marriage in as many as 30 states when it unexpectedly and tersely turned away appeals from five states seeking to prohibit gay and lesbian unions. (Photo: Erin Hooley/Coloradoan )Buy Photo
Wendy Wood teared up at the news Monday morning — after 14 years with their partner, one holy union and a civil union, the two would finally be able to hit "No. 3, the pinnacle."
Or at least "the legal pinnacle," they clarified: Wood could finally legally marry Barb Hooper.
"She's going out the door (this morning), and I'm like, 'Barb, Barb,' and I'm tearing up," Wood said.
The two were the first legally wed same-sex couple in Larimer County. When they walked into the county clerk and recorder's office at 3:15 p.m. on Monday, Oct. 6, the workers cheered. After signing the paperwork a short while later, they hugged.
"It's not just a leap forward for us, but for all same-sex couples," Hooper said.
The U.S. Supreme Court denied Monday morning an appeal of a ruling to allow same-sex marriages from a lower court with jurisdiction over Colorado. The state attorney general later told county clerks throughout Colorado to prepare to issue licenses.
Wood called the clerk's office immediately after hearing the news, before it had trickled to the person who answered the phone. Neither them nor their now-wife expected the Supreme Court decision this morning — an abrupt move that effectively makes same-sex marriage legal in 30 states.
Colorado state Rep. Joann Ginal, D-Fort Collins, congratulated just-married couples and the rest of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered community on the ruling.
"It's certainly been a long journey," Ginal, a lesbian, said. "I was hoping to see it in my lifetime, after the adversity I've faced and others have faced ... it's about equal rights and it's about change and it's about all families."
After hearing the news, they and colleagues in the Legislature started planning to fix the "obsolete, now" state constitutional ban on same-sex marriage.
Ginal plans to be the primary House sponsor of the bill, provided they win re-election in November over GOP challenger Donna Walter.
Of the Supreme Court's decision, state Sen. John Kefalas, D-Fort Collins, said: "As one who believes in equal protection under the law and that we are all endowed with certain fundamental rights as citizens and residents of this country, I think (that decision is) a good thing."
Gretchen Haley and Carri Ratazzi followed Wood and Hooper shortly after the historic same-sex marriage in Larimer County, their two children in tow. Both wore black work clothes, causing Haley, an associate minister with the Foothills Unitarian Church to joke, "It's not very celebratory."
"We didn't know this was going to happen today!" Ratazzi said. "We went to work!"
With brand-new licenses and certificates in hand, the first two couples exchanged hugs after making Larimer County history.
Ratazzi and Haley pulled their children out of school for the news and promptly planned a ceremony at Sunrise Ranch west of Loveland and overlooking the Green Ridge Glade Reservoir.
The two had decided against going out of state to marry after a prior U.S. Supreme Court Ruling mandated federal recognition of same-sex marriages and passed on the brief window when some Colorado counties were issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. For them, it was important to be able to marry where they live.
"It felt historic and it felt like we had been waiting a long time," Haley said of their choice to marry Monday. "It all just felt like it needed to happen today."
Making it all the more special, the couple married in front of other ministers at a Unitarian Universalists retreat. A line formed for witnesses to sign their certificate afterward.
Rev. Nancy Bowen, who performed the ceremony, called the decision "the end of a 10-year loving campaign." Ratazzi and Haley were the first same-sex couple they legally married in the state. Another minister, during their blessing, told them "It takes courage to love when others tell you you cannot."
Larimer County Clerk Angela Myers waited to start issuing licenses until the legal path was completely clear. They emphasized the importance of being prepared for couples wanting to see their relationships recognized to the fullest extent of law, and they praised their staff for being able to have it all ready to go by 3 p.m., including at their satellite offices in Loveland and Estes Park.
Congressmen react
Excerpts from elected officials' statements on the Supreme Court decision:
"While the court's decision is a victory for tens of thousands of couples across the country who now have access to marriage equality, it also means there is still work to be done to ensure that no matter where you live, every American can marry the person they love and are making a life with."
— U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Colorado
"We are a stronger, better state when all couples are able to publically affirm their shared commitment and responsibilities to one another through marriage. ... We should celebrate what this will mean for so many of our friends, family members and neighbors."
— U.S. Sen. Mark Udall, D-Colorado
"Today's move by the Supreme Court is a major step for Colorado's same-sex marriage advocates and a major step for equality. Colorado will join the growing list of states with full marriage equality. Marriage is a special right that same-sex couples deserve to enjoy, and they should have the same rights and opportunities that the law grants to Susan and me."
— U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colorado
Note: Neither the office of U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner, R-Colorado, nor their campaign for a U.S. Senate seat, issued a statement on the Supreme Court ruling on Monday.
MORE NEWS:
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1xiWU9E
[Photo by: Nathan Lu Photography]
By Wesley Woo of Trace Repeat
“So, where are you really from?”
“But you're Asians, playing funk!”
“You just… you don't look like the band I expected when I heard you guys from outside.”
Let's be honest here: Many people have no idea that racism and stereotyping has systematically affected the Asian-American community. Many others likely believe that Asian-American stereotypes exist, but I mean, come on. They're to our own benefit, right? Asians are good at math, are intelligent, and of course, know martial arts. So… what's the big deal?
Our culture is one perpetually defined by compliance. We are the quiet kids in the back of the class. The passive, submissive types who stay out of the way, the nice Chinese boy who your parents approve of; the slapstick, emasculated version of martial arts that American film has exploited for decades. And while it's wonderful that Hollywood has finally deemed Jackie Chan worthy of a lifetime achievement Oscar, somehow, for me, that doesn't make up for the three decades of dopey, slapstick, emasculated roles that I grew up watching them typecasted as over and over again.
Really take a moment and think about the prominent Asian-Americans you have seen in film and media. It's tough, right? What was the guy's name in Harold And Kumar? Or those guys from that “G6” song? Or even one Asian American actor?
For every time one of us makes an appearance as a leading protagonist, there are a dozen more demasculinized Asian men typecasted as that same old stereotype: the dopey sidekick; the fresh-off-the-boat buffoon; the creepy, perverted Asian dude who is equal parts obnoxious and excessively handsy. These tropes dominate our representation in film and media and are perpetuated by an industry that doesn't think Asian-Americans can believably play anything but these tropes because they never have before. It's a vicious cycle, really.
As a Chinese kid growing up in a predominantly white suburb of the Bay Area, the role models I grew up with when I was building my Asian-American identity were sparse at best. The yellow Power Ranger, the Asian kid in Indiana Jones, and, for one glorious moment, Yao Ming of the Houston Rockets. As a child of ‘90s television, this is the identity I scraped together, which is to say: not really much of anything at all.
The most defining moment for me came as a teenager, around 13 years old, when I told my parents that “I look Asian, but I'm really not, though.” I don't act or feel Asian like they do on TV, I don't do Kung Fu, I'm at best mediocre in math class, and what the heck is lion dancing?
Growing up as a musician was even more complicated. The role models I grew up with were all black icons because there were no Asian-American role models for someone like me to obsess over. It was Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder, the Temptations and anything Motown that my dad was listening to. By the time I was 18, I had more of a connection to David Ruffin and their giant Coke bottle glasses than any Asian-American musician, because what kind of Asian-American musician would I be, anyway? As far as I knew, there were none to speak of, so I looked elsewhere for musical idols.
These days, representation is still an uphill battle, but with small, yet definite marks of progress. Today we have Steven Yeun killing zombies on The Walking Dead, Mike Shinoda in Linkin Park and Daniel Dae Kim fighting crime. Bands like ours (Trace Repeat) gravitate toward Asian-American community groups such as Kollaboration that fight these stereotypes, supporting bands like Far East Movement, Run River North, Kina Grannis and many more. Over time, we've found other Asian-Americans have started to gravitate toward Trace Repeat, too. A new generation of Asian kids are inspired to create more music because, for the first time, there's someone that looks like them up onstage.
Really, though, while Trace Repeat strives to collaborate with organizations such as Kollaboration (shout out to our Kollab SF fam!), we're really not here to be Asian America's newest cheerleader. In a perfect world, we'd like to just be a really great funk band. No asterisks for “Asian-American funk,” no need to qualify our particular brand of funk as “Chinese.” I think simply having the audacity to be the bold, unapologetically sexy band that we are gives us the authority to change these stereotypes. The Asian-ness that's literally written on my face will speak for itself.
Listen to Trace Repeat's new song, “Old School Funk,” below, along with a statement from Woo:
“Old School Funk is the third single from our new album, The Oaktown Sound. It's one of the tracks on the record that's kind of intentionally referential to some of the 50s and 60s R&B you might hear on a James Brown or Ray Charles record. A lot of that high energy James Brown intensity, underscored by that Clyde Stubblefield ‘funky drummer' kind of attitude in the rhythm section,” Woo explains.
“We had some fun producing it in the studio too, kind of digging into some of the ‘live' aesthetics that you hear on those older records that really capture the attitude that those guys brought on stage every night. A little bit dirty and a little bit sassy, all at once.”
What are your thoughts on Trace Repeat's newest single? And Wesley Woo's blog?
So, cards on the table my day job is with Simply Hops part of Barth Haas, one of the world's leading brewing ingredient supply companies, specifially Hops and all things Hop. And one of the "perks" of the job is being able to visit new brewing countries. When I say new, I mean new to the wonderful world of full flavoured beers, typically bracketed under the banner of Craft Beer.
I do have issues with the the C word now, but I don't have issue being sent to Capetown! Just look at it!
Arrival
I was met by Mark Mohr, of 99 bottles distribution, now part of Beerhouse bars. Where once I worked in beer distribution with CaveDirect/Beermerchants.com, about that subject we met over the interwebs. We toured the area, meeting brewers/breweries.
Beerhouse on Long Street.
Beerhouse on long is the place to go for a large selection of modern Capetown, South African and European and American Craft beers. Here we had a long lunch with good friends from London, @rabidbarfly
Brewing at Devil's Peak
We brewed a version of their Devil's Peak Blockhouse IPA with some new ingredients and maths.
A day at Aegir Project Brewery
I was priveleged to brew with two of Cape Town's most interesting brewers, if two of the best. Rory of Aegir (left below), and Marc of Riot Beer, where we brewed a not quite pale ale with lots of new Australian hops, from HPA. Their Ella and Vic Secret hops being used to their fullest for a huge tropical aroma.
Just Look at it!
This is Noordhoek beach, one of the most beautiful places I have ever been too!
Cape Town.
I would whole heartedly recommend saving up for a visit. 2hrs time zone difference means no jet lag. Great service, good value grub and beers - even with the crazy exchange rates. Make sure you add this soon-to-be-great beer scene to your bucket list.
The full version of this journey will be available in CAMRA's BEER mag, after which it shall appear in full spelling mistakes glory.
AMD FX-9370, which has been available only through the OEM channel, could soon be generally available in its PIB (processor-in-box) packaging. The chip will bear the retail SKU "FD9370FHW8KHK," and retail at a price point that's just under $270 (excl. taxes). There's no clarity on whether the PIB package will include a cooling solution, given that the chip retains the 220W TDP figures from other FX-9000 series parts, such as the FX-9590. Based on the 32 nm "Vishera" silicon, the FX-9370 is an eight-core socket AM3+ processor based on the "Piledriver" micro-architecture. It features out of the box clock speeds of 4.40 GHz, with 4.70 GHz maximum TurboCore frequency. It features 16 MB of total cache (L2 + L3).
19 Comments on AMD FX-9370 to Get PIB Packaging, Sub-$270 Pricing
#1 Vinska
"Who cares about this? Just give us Steamroller already, dang it! ...And not only in APU form - give us FX Steamrollers in AM3+ too, please!"
just my 0.02€
Yeah, AMD should give us some word on the 'roller there at least once in a while :( Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 5:37 Reply
#2 Mathragh
Vinska said: "Who cares about this? Just give us Steamroller already, dang it! ...And not only in APU form - give us FX Steamrollers in AM3+ too, please!"
just my 0.02€
Yeah, AMD should give us some word on the 'roller there at least once in a while :( Yeah, its striking that there still is zero info about steamroller as a standalone CPU. However, when looking at the amount of info that was apparently succesfully kept secret when it comes to the R9 290X, I'm not sure if the lack of info means AMD actually isn't planning on making such a CPU at all.
However! usually they synchronize their consumer high-end CPU's with their server CPU's, and on that front the news is kinda depressing: the Yeah, its striking that there still is zero info about steamroller as a standalone CPU. However, when looking at the amount of info that was apparently succesfully kept secret when it comes to the R9 290X, I'm not sure if the lack of info means AMD actually isn't planning on making such a CPU at all.However! usually they synchronize their consumer high-end CPU's with their server CPU's, and on that front the news is kinda depressing: the only thing that was announced on that front as a matter of fact is an updated SKU based on piledriver for 2014. Soo that doesn't really sound promising. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 6:21 Reply
#3 Skols2k12
I am a fan of AMD but if they are not going to do something new, much more powerful than FX-8350 which allow them to keep up with Intel I may consider moving to competitor. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 6:37 Reply
#4 arterius2
I'll consider these next time I need to shop for a heater for my home. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 6:49 Reply
#5 Enterprise24
AMD need to improve their singlethread performance.
Multithread is good but not many games and programs can take full of advantage. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 7:57 Reply
#6 Assimilator
arterius2 said: I'll consider these next time I need to shop for a heater for my home. Hey, let's give credit where it's due... at least the heater is efficient at what it does. Hey, let's give credit where it's due... at least the heater is efficient at what it does. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 9:52 Reply
#7 Vinska
Assimilator said: Hey, let's give credit where it's due... at least the heater is efficient at what it does. A heater just heats. While a chip like this turns the same amount of electricity into the same amount of heat while at the same time calculating things!
Show me a conventional heater that can also help the humanity with things like
This CPU > conventional heater. A heater just heats. While a chip like this turns the same amount of electricity into the same amount of heatShow me a conventional heater that can also help the humanity with things like This along with heating up the space? You can't!This CPU > conventional heater. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 11:06 Reply
#8 NeoXF
It's a bird!
It's a man!
It's a rocket!
It's a heater with an integrated x86-64 CPU! Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 11:30 Reply
#9 NC37
Skols2k12 said: I am a fan of AMD but if they are not going to do something new, much more powerful than FX-8350 which allow them to keep up with Intel I may consider moving to competitor. Intel isn't doing much better really. Market is completely stagnated which is what I figured would happen if Intel had no competition. Same thing that nVidia has done. Never seen a dominant company continue to innovate after they completely have the market. Heck, Apple falls under that and thanks to that Android/etc have made a strong comeback. Intel isn't doing much better really. Market is completely stagnated which is what I figured would happen if Intel had no competition. Same thing that nVidia has done. Never seen a dominant company continue to innovate after they completely have the market. Heck, Apple falls under that and thanks to that Android/etc have made a strong comeback. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 13:22 Reply
#10 btarunr
Editor & Senior Moderator Vinska said: "Who cares about this? Just give us Steamroller already, dang it! ...And not only in APU form - give us FX Steamrollers in AM3+ too, please!"
just my 0.02€
Yeah, AMD should give us some word on the 'roller there at least once in a while :( No more CPUs from AMD..only APUs. No more CPUs from AMD..only APUs. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 14:16 Reply
#11 Vinska
btarunr said: No more CPUs from AMD..only APUs. (╯W_·）╯︵ ┻━━━━┻
NO! 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！
I refuse to believe it! I refuse to believe it! Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 14:37 Reply
#12 Nordic
With HUMA and other such technologies, this may not be a bad thing. I honestly am more interested in the apu's. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 15:57 Reply
#13 suraswami
btarunr said: No more CPUs from AMD..only APUs. Vinska said: (╯W_·）╯︵ ┻━━━━┻
NO! 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！ 嘘だ！
I refuse to believe it! bta didn't say the APUs will not have more than 4 cores :p
8 core APU is fine with me.
:clap: bta didn't say the APUs will not have more than 4 cores :p8 core APU is fine with me.:clap: Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 16:01 Reply
#14 Vinska
suraswami said: bta didn't say the APUs will not have more than 4 cores :p
8 core APU is fine with me.
:clap: But... But... muh socket AM3+!! D= But... But... muh socket AM3+!! D= Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 16:24 Reply
#15 suraswami
Vinska said: But... But... muh socket AM3+!! D= Lets move on. Lets move on. Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 16:38 Reply
#16 Vinska
I bought my Asus Crosshair V Formula-Z with 'roller in mind :(
don't let me down, AMD! TT______TT Posted on Oct 3rd 2013, 16:43 Reply
#17 NeoXF
If they would`ve gotten it on a 140W TDP (that AMD used before on some Phenoms and server parts) and sold it for ~$250, and name it less randomly, it would have been a win... but this... WTF AMD?
And I think it would`ve been plausible, w/ Richland`s new power tricks and whatnot. I`ve seen people hit 5,2ghz 24/7 on water on them, without insane voltage & power usage increase. Posted on Oct 6th 2013, 9:04 Reply
#18 Thefumigator
Isn't the Core i7 an "APU" after all? it got an HD4000 GPU... if you can call that a GPU,
oh well nevermind... :p Posted on Oct 6th 2013, 10:15 Reply
The Protocol on Environmental Protection to the Antarctic Treaty, also known as the Antarctic-Environmental Protocol, or the Madrid Protocol, is part of the Antarctic Treaty System. It provides for comprehensive protection of the Antarctic environment and dependent and associated ecosystems.
text[The dumping of waste at Bellingshausen , a Russian Base on King George Island , demonstrated the need for environmental regulation in Antarctica
It was concluded in Madrid and opened for signature on October 4, 1991 and entered into force on January 14, 1998. The treaty will be open for review in 2048.
Key Articles of the Treaty [ edit ]
Article 3 states that protection of the Antarctic environment as a wilderness with aesthetic and scientific value shall be a "fundamental consideration" of activities in the area.
Article 7 states that "Any activity relating to mineral resources, other than scientific research, shall be prohibited." This provision contrasts with the rejected Convention on the Regulation of Antarctic Mineral Resource Activities, which would have allowed mining under the control and taxation of an international managing body similar to the International Seabed Authority.
Article 8 requires environmental assessment for all activities, including tourism.
Article 11 creates a Committee for Environmental Protection for the continent.
Article 15 calls for member states to be prepared for emergency response actions in the area.
Articles 18-20 arrange for arbitration of international disputes regarding Antarctica.
Article 25(5) states that the Article 7 ban on mining may not be repealed unless a future treaty establishes a binding regulatory framework for such activity.
State parties [ edit ]
As of May 2013, the protocol has been ratified by 34 parties — Argentina, Australia, Belarus, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, the People's Republic of China, Czech Republic, Ecuador, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, India, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Romania, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, and Uruguay.[1]
A further 11 states — Austria, Colombia, Cuba, Denmark, Guatemala, Hungary, North Korea, Papua New Guinea, Slovakia, Switzerland, and Turkey — have signed but not yet ratified it.
Campaign [ edit ]
The treaty followed a lengthy campaign by Greenpeace, including the construction of an Antarctic base from 1987 to 1991.[2][3] Greenpeace claims the protocol as a victory.[4]
Honours [ edit ]
Madrid Dome in Aristotle Mountains, Antarctica is named in connection with the Protocol.[5]
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates public domain material from the CIA World Factbook document "2003 edition".
Run Object Detection using Deep Learning on Raspberry Pi 3 (1)
Why is it difficult to do object detection on Raspberry Pi 3?
DeepThought Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 18, 2017
This post is the first one of the series. The goal is to share our experience about how to leverage open-source resources to enable deep learning for objection detection on RPi3. As for the first one of the series, the post will talk about why running object detection on RPi3 is difficult.
First, deep learning (or to be more specific, CNN) on Raspberry Pi is nothing new. Pete Warden had released DeepBelief SDK for image recognition in 2014 [1], and SqueezeNet [2] was another alternative released in 2015 which aimed to bring lighter solution for embedded systems. However, image recognition only tells you what objects appear in the images but it doesn't tell you the information about size and location of the objects. Imaging you use Raspberry Pi 3 to analyze the video stream of your front door, and it keeps telling you there is a person in the video stream. Without knowing the specific location and the size, you won't be able to know whether this person brings immediate threat to your house or not. Thus, we want to enable Object Detection on RPi3 to tell us not only what the object is, but also where it is and how big it is.
Figure 1 (The image is from Pascal VOC dataset.) Right: Object detection model can specifically tell the location and the size of the objects. Left: Results from image recognition does not tell the size and the location of the objects.
Right: Object detection model can specifically tell the location and the size of the objects.
It is not easy. A detection model normally requires more parameters and therefore more operations than a recognition model. Take YOLOv2 [3] for example, the detection model uses 3x parameters and 6x more FLOPs than the base model, darknet19!
First, let's take a look of the hardware spec of RPi3 [4]:
Table 1: Hardware spec of RPi3
And, the benchmark of some image recognition models on RPi3:
Table 2 Benchmark results of popular models on Raspberry Pi 3.
These numbers assume no optimization is applied to the framework and the model. For example, with the basic optimization DT42 applied to TensorFlow, the performance can be 3x better.
As one can see from the data in the table above, it is already hard to run recognition tasks on RPi3, and the best FPS is only 0.3; never to say running a detection model with 54x more parameters than a recognition model.
In order to achieve object detection using CNN on RPi3 using open-source resources, one needs to
1. Pick the right model with minimum operations
2. Find the right framework which has the best optimization for RPi3
The two topics will be covered in the next post and the post after the next one.
[1] https://petewarden.com/2014/06/09/deep-learning-on-the-raspberry-pi/
[2] https://github.com/DeepScale/SqueezeNet
[3] https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.08242
[4] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raspberry_Pi
Getting new floors in your home used to mean having a contractor come in and install your choice of carpeting or flooring, all at an expense that could make your head spin. Unless you had the tools and skills to do it yourself, and not many people do, a professional had to do the measuring, the stripping and the laying of new flooring. Now there are new products available at most local home improvement stores that will provide you with ability to get it done yourself without spending a fortune, offering you an easy way to update the appearance of any room.
The latest in flooring is vinyl tiles. Available in a wide range of styles that will suit anything from your kitchen and bathroom to your foyer and even your living room, vinyl tiles come in a variety of sizes, styles and prices. The easiest to install is the self-stick tiles that have a specially formulated adhesive suitable for vinyl. As most tiles come 12″x12″ it is fairly simple to figure out the amount of tiles you'll need for your room. Simply measure the length and width of your room and multiply the measurements together (for example a 10'x10′ room would require 100 tiles). Tiles come by the box, as well as in single sheets, so if you happen to need an extra sheet or two for an odd space you don't need a whole box of 20 or 30.
Preparing your floor for tiling is key. Even the least expensive tiles come with a 5 year guarantee but you still need to install them properly. The beauty of vinyl tile is that it can be installed over almost any surface, including pre-existing laminate or vinyl and even concrete. The first step is to remove any trim around the floor edges, such as toe-rails. If you're tiling a bathroom you may want to consider removing the toilet for the duration of the job but it isn't absolutely necessary.
For existing vinyl floors you will need to put down a primer or leveler layer to prevent any bleed through of patterns, but most importantly to give your floors a smooth finish on which to lay your new tiles. For concrete floors you'll want to patch any holes or cracks. Sanding the whole floor helps the tiles adhere to the surface, but unless your concrete floor is painted it may not be completely necessary. A concrete floor primer should be applied to the entire surface before beginning the process of sticking the tiles down.
To lay out your tiles you need to start in the center of the room. Find the center by measuring the center of two opposite walls and snapping a chalk line between the two points. Do this again for the remaining walls and find the intersection of the lines. That's your center. Get an idea on how the floor will be laid out by placing tiles in a row along the center line without adhering them to the floor. You will want the tiles that touch the walls to be about half a tile wide and be equal on either side of the room. If yours don't match up simply adjust from the center until it does. Make sure you do this in both directions of the room, making a plus sign of tiles, before actually sticking them to the floor.
Once you are satisfied with where your tiles are you can begin the vinyl flooring installation. Work from the center out, reserving the work around the walls for the very end. Be sure to press firmly when laying the tiles, and after you have put a few in place use a tile roller to go over your tiles. When you get to the edges and need to cut tiles to fit you can use a sharp utility knife to make the cuts. Tiles that need to go around odd places, like pipes in a bathroom, are the best cut using a cardboard template. When the entire room is set you can put your trim back in and even walk on it immediately. You should sweep it after installation but it's best to wait several days before washing the floor.
With many styles to choose from for virtually any room in your house, using vinyl tiles is an easy way to change the appearance of any room without costing you hundreds or thousands of dollars.
Extra federal inspectors were dispatched to US nuclear-power plants in the path of Hurricane Sandy as operators and officials reassured the public that they are prepared for high winds and flooding associated with the storm.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said it sent additional inspectors to 11 reactors from Maryland to Connecticut, and issued the employees satellite telephones. Procedures require that the nuclear facilities be shut before winds are forecast to exceed hurricane force, the commission said today in a statement.
"All plants have flood protection above the predicted storm surge, and key components and systems are housed in watertight buildings capable of withstanding hurricane-force winds and flooding," according to the commission statement Monday.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Plants in the path of the storm include Entergy's Indian Point in New York and Constellation Energy Nuclear Group's Calvert Cliffs in Maryland. Constellation Energy Nuclear Group is a joint venture of Exelon of Chicago and Electricite de France based in Paris.
Plants face risks including the loss of outside power and the inability to keep cool spent fuel stored at the facilities, although operators had adequate time to make preparations, Chris Paine, the nuclear program director at the New York-based Natural Resources Defense Council, said in an interview.
"Right now I don't see this as a kind of storm that poses enormous threat to nuclear plants," Paine said. "They had plenty of warning, days in this case, to prepare."
Given the threat of loss of power, "it would be more responsible if NRC and plant operators would shut the plants down in advance," Kevin Kamps, a radioactive waste specialist at Beyond Nuclear, a Takoma Park, Maryland., group that seeks to end nuclear power and nuclear weapons, said in an interview.
It takes longer to cool down the radioactive core at a plant operating at full power, they said.
"In terms of reactors, you had better hope those diesel generators work adequately," Kamps said.
Hurricane Sandy, the biggest Atlantic storm, was forecast to make landfall in the Mid-Atlantic region Monday. The storm, 900 miles across, shut the federal government in Washington and state offices from Virginia to Massachusetts. It halted travel, prevented U.S. stock markets from opening and upended the presidential campaign.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
By Celine Hagbard | IMEMC | – –
A Reuters camera operator captured on film a group of Israeli undercover agents dressed as Palestinian youth during a demonstration in Beit El on Tuesday. The soldiers are seen throwing stones alongside demonstrators, then turning around, drawing their guns and shouting orders at the crowd.
The video, copyrighted by AFP, can be viewed here:
Around 20 seconds into the video, the Israeli infiltrators turn on the rest of the demonstrators and threaten to shoot them.
Another incident on Wednesday afternoon was described on the website ‘Mondoweiss.net' as follows: “Videos of the incident …reveal eight Israeli security forces dressed as protesters with their faces covered, and one with a Hamas flag. After participating in the protest confronting uniformed soldiers and throwing stones, the undercover forces suddenly drew their weapons against the Palestinian demonstrators. The Israeli forces began backing up towards the Beit El checkpoint and a cluster of army Jeeps. Palestinians sprinted in the opposite direction.
“Next a group of five undercovers are filmed detaining a Palestinian by throwing the youth to the ground, and punching and kicking him. While in custody one of the officers shoots the Palestinian in the leg.  They are then dragged away, bleeding from their face, and soldiers detained them for questioning. Later the youth was transferred to an Israeli medical facility.”
See more on this incident at the Mondoweiss website
The website Electronic Initifada documented other incidents in which soldiers dressed as Palestinians are seen in the crowd, then photographed again among the Israeli soldiers, working with them and drawing guns against the Palestinian demonstrators.
On Sunday, undercover Israeli agents dressed as Palestinian civilians were able to enter a Palestinian hospital in Nablus and snatch a wounded boy from their hospital bed, allegedly because they were ‘wanted' by Israeli forces for resisting the military occupation in some way.
These tactics are being utilized in the context of escalating protests across the West Bank, Jerusalem and inside Israel itself, which some analysts are terming a ‘third intifada (uprising)' by Palestinian youth who have taken to the streets in large numbers to oppose the ongoing Israeli occupation of Palestinian land and denial of basic human rights for the Palestinian people.
An estimated 600 Palestinians have been wounded by Israeli forces since Saturday, and hundreds have been abducted by Israeli forces. At least four Palestinians have been killed in the protests, including a 12-year old schoolboy in Bethlehem.
The tactic of infiltrating Palestinian protests with undercover soldiers dates back to the first intifada in the late 1980s, when the undercover forces regularly entered Palestinian towns and villages dressed as Palestinians in order to carry out extrajudicial assassinations against Palestinians suspected of organizing demonstrations against the military occupation of their land.
Via IMEMC
Renisha McBride, inset CBS Detroit
(CBS) -The attorney representing the family of a Detroit teenager who was shot and killed while apparently seeking help after a car accident says the girl was injured and may have wandered a Dearborn Heights neighborhood for as long as an hour before arriving on the porch of the man who shot them
According to attorney Gerald Thurswell, McBride hit a parked car and "sustained bruises and lacerations" late Nov. 1 or early Nov. 2. Thurswell said that they spoke with people at a home near the scene of the accident who told them they came outside to help McBride and found them bleeding from the head.
"She kept telling them, 'I want to go home, I want to go home,'" they said.
Thurswell said that the neighbor went into their home to call 911, and when they came back outside and saw McBride was gone, got in their car to look for them - but couldn't track them down. Thurswell said McBride, whose cell phone was apparently dead, likely wandered the neighborhood for about an hour.
"She knocked on several doors and no one answered," said Thurswell.
The one man who did come to the door, apparently came armed with a shotgun. McBride was shot in the face and died on the man's front porch.
Police have said the man, who has not been identified but is reportedly 54-years-old, told them they thought McBride was trying to break into their home and that the shotgun fired accidentally. Wayne County prosecutor Kym Worthy reportedly asked the Dearborn Heights police to continue investigating the case before deciding whether to press charges against the man.
Cheryl Carpenter, the attorney representing the homeowner, told The Detroit News that the shooting was "justified."
"I'm confident when the evidence comes it will show that my client was justified and acted as a reasonable person would who was in fear for their life," Carpenter said.
Thurswell said that explanation sounds implausible.
"If they were in fear for their safety they could have called 911," they said. "He decided to open the door, go out on the porch and put a shotgun in their face...It's pretty hard for it to be an accident: your finger is on the trigger and the shotgun are in them face."
Thurswell said that they have confidence that police and prosecutors will thoroughly investigate the case and file "appropriate charges."
"We don't want a rush to judgment," they told Crimesider.
Thurswell said that McBride graduated from Southfield High School in 2012 and was working full-time at an auto plant and living at home with their mother at the time of their death.
Complete coverage of the Renisha McBride case on Crimesider
Six migrants campaigning for unrestricted access to Britain were today found guilty in France of breaking through a security fence in Calais and boarding a ferry heading for the UK.
The migrants – four Afghans, a Syrian, and a Sudanese man all in their 30s – said they had simply been following members of No Borders, a UK-based anarchist group, last month.
But they walked free from court, while two French people - who denied having anything to do with No Borders - were given modest suspended fines worth about £200 each and partly suspended.
Boarding: Today's case in France related to trouble around the ‘Spirit of Britain' ferry last month (above)
Jean-Pierre Valensi, prosecuting, said: ‘Everything was planned for an invasion of the Calais ferry port.'
Mr Valensi said the idea was to create absolute chaos, so allowing as many people as possible to get across to England.
But Emilie Leschaeve, for the defence, said nothing had been premeditated, and the intrusion into the port was just something that happened ‘at the last minute'.
All of those sentenced to prison had spent more than a month on remand, and so were free to go. The case in Boulogne-sur-Mer related to trouble around the ‘Spirit of Britain' ferry on January 23.
Home: All the migrants arrested following the protest were based in The Jungle, the vast refugee camp in Calais where up to 4,000 people live as they try to get aboard ferries and trains heading for the UK
Around 2,000 people were involved in the protest which descended into chaos, as 24 migrants and 11 No Border members were arrested.
Everything was planned for an invasion of the Calais ferry port Jean-Pierre Valensi, prosecuting
All the migrants arrested were based in The Jungle, the vast refugee camp in Calais where up to 4,000 people live as they try to get aboard ferries and trains heading for the UK.
The French authorities are determined to get rid of it, and have ordered a large part of it to be destroyed later this week.
This evacuation will affect around 2,000 refugees living in a makeshift huts and tens.
They are being told to move to asylum centres in other parts of France, or into refitted ship containers put up in an alternative ‘official' camp in Calais.
Support: At the weekend, celebrities including actor Jude Law (above) were among those campaigning on behalf of the migrants, many of whom come from war-torn countries including Syria and Afghanistan
Bulldozers accompanied by Compagnies Républicaines de Sécurité (CRS) riot police are expected to move in on Wednesday, but a number of charities have challenged them in court.
They say the migrants do not want to live in the ship containers, because they resemble a prison, and require refugees to provide fingerprints for security scanners allowing entry.
They do not want to go to other parts of France, either, because they are only interested in settling in the UK.
Exactly one week after Apple improved shipping estimates for its flagship Mac Pro desktop to three to five weeks, the company has again cut down on wait times with orders now showing delivery dates of less than one month.
Demand for Apple's redesigned Mac Pro has been outstripping supply since its debut in December , but a look at the Online Apple Store shows Apple is quickly catching up.Spotted by AppleInsider reader Rolando, all configurations are now available within three to four weeks, the new estimates bring estimated shipping times to one month or below for the first time since launch.Ship-by dates have slowly improved over the past few months, with checks in April showing estimates at 5-6 weeks, which moved up to 4-6 weeks on Apr. 11 and 4-5 weeks on Apr. 18. Last week Apple improved availability to 3-5 weeks The Online Apple Store is still the only place to buy the most powerful Mac ever as in-store supplies are non-existent. In January, Apple said it didn't expect to have models available at brick-and-mortar Apple Stores until at least March . In hindsight that guess was a bit optimistic.As Apple stocks up on inventory, authorized resellers like MacMall and Adorama have limited supplies of select Mac Pro configurations, which can be seen in AppleInsider's live Price Guides
Carmen Lobis wants to make guns safer, and they have a very personal reason.
Their 6-year-old grandson, Ben Wheeler, was one of 26 people killed in the December 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.
As a way of helping memorialize Ben's brief life, Lobis has launched a crowdfunding campaign to finance an idea they hope will protect others: a biometric locking station for firearms. The idea is that guns would be stored in a carrier that could only be unlocked by their owner's fingerprint, making it difficult for intruders or children to get hold of them.
Along with business partner Ben Tomb, Lobis hopes to raise $100,000 to build the technology, called Protector XT.
Lobis, who invests in startups, met Tomb by chance following the death of their grandson. Tomb was building out biometric technology aimed at gun safety. They shared the same first name as Lobis's grandson.
"I do believe in divine intervention, and I thought my Benny introduced me to this Ben," said Lobis, who lives in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
The venture became deeply personal for them both. Tomb had lost a family member in a firearm accident, and Lobis, who was grappling with the death of their grandson on a daily basis, was determined to turn the idea into a reality.
"It's really my attempt to memorialize their history," Lobis said. "He was with us 6 years, a great 6 years."
Through technology, Lobis and Tomb want to build safer systems for storing and handling guns. Safe gun tech may sound like an oxymoron, but a number of entrepreneurs are using technology like biometrics to make it more difficult for the wrong person to get hold of a firearm.
Related: Gun safety advocates develop smart weapons
It's also become a Silicon Valley initiative.
In February, prominent tech investors launched the Smart Tech Challenges Foundation to encourage entrepreneurs to build out this type of technology.
"There are thousands of gun accidents a year, and I do think it's high time that the tech industry step in and use innovation to go solve yet another big problem that exists in society," investor Ron Conway told CNNMoney.
"Technology has transformed the way that people communicate with text messaging then email, then all kinds of forms of messaging," added Conway, who is spearheading the challenge along with longtime entrepreneur Jim Pitkow. "Why don't we use that same innovation and ingenuity on gun safety?"
The National Rifle Association, via posts on the website of its lobbying arm, the Institute for Legislative Action, views smart-gun technology with suspicion, fearing it will be co-opted by gun-control advocates.
But there's another big hurdle: money.
It's expensive to build the technology, and entrepreneurs have struggled to take a smart-gun idea to mass market.
The Smart Tech Challenges Foundation will award a total of $1 million to teams with the best proposals for better safeguards. Along with funding, they'll receive resources to bring their idea to life.
Lobis and Tomb have applied for funding. Lobis is first to admit the process isn't easy. They often call on their grandson's memory for inspiration.
"Some days are tougher than others, I ask him, 'Hey help me out here. I'm doing this for you, and there are some things I'm not sure how to proceed on,' and typically they respond in some way," Lobis said.
Lobis describes their lost grandson as creative and curious with an energy level that was "full on or off."
In other words, traits valuable to any entrepreneur.
"I said Ben is going to create great things," Lobis said, tearing up. "I just thought it would be while they were alive."
PNN/Jerusalem/
Chief Israeli Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu announced Tuesday on Facebook that Palestinians should be executed in order to establish safety in Israel.
“Israeli army has to stop arresting Palestinians,” they posted on their Facebook wall, “but, it must execute them and leave no one alive.”
Eliyahu is well known for their racist behavior and controversial statements about Arabs and Muslims. They have earlier been calling on the government to carry out “state-sanctioned revenge” against Arabs in order to, in their words, restore Israel's deterrence.
The hard-right wing and bloodthirsty Chief Rabbi of Safed, and also a member of the Chief Rabbinate Council additionally declared that the Palestinians are the enemy of the Israeli occupation state and they “must be destroyed and crushed in order to end violence.”
Back in 2007, according to the Jerusalem Post, Eliyahu is quoted saying that “If they don't stop after we kill 100, then we must kill a thousand. And if they do not stop after 1,000 then we must kill 10,000. If they still don't stop we must kill 100.000, even a million.”
In 2012 Eliyahu was charged for racism statements. Among these were, according to Israel national news: “The Arab culture is very cruel,” and “The Arabs behave according to different codes, and violent norms that have turned into ideology.”
The rabbi allegedly stated that examples of this new Arab “ideology” now include stealing farm equipment from Jews and blackmailing farmers for protection against thefts. They also supposedly said that “The minute you make room for Arabs among Jews, it takes five minutes before they start to do whatever they want.” The justice ministry dropped the charges because the statements ‘may' have been altered by reporters.
Israeli newspaper Jerusalem Post reported them saying: “Should we leave them alive in order to then free them in another gesture to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas? The fact that they still have a desire to commit terrorist attacks shows that we are not operating strongly enough,” they said.
Explaining more about their fatwa, Eliyahu wrote on their facebook page that “The Israel Police officers who do keep terrorist Palestinians alive should be prosecuted under the law.”
They went on: “We must not allow a Palestinian to survive after they were arrested. If you leave them alive, there is a fear that they will be released and kill other people.” They added: “We must eradicate this evil from within our midst.”
For pioneering cartoonist, publisher, literary agent and all around comics impresario Denis Kitchen, the revival of Kitchen Sink Press as a book imprint at Dark Horse Comics is something of a dream come true. Announced just before the San Diego Comic-Con, Kitchen and their book packaging partner John Lind have forged an alliance with Dark Horse to launch Kitchen Sink Books, an imprint that will publish several titles a year focused on new book editions of out-of-print classic material and archival art and survey volumes.
For the imprint's first volume, Kitchen Sink Books will return to Kitchen's underground comics roots and release The Best of Comix Book, a collected edition of a remarkable anthology comics magazine Kitchen produced for Marvel and Stan Lee in the 1970s that presented the work of underground comics revolutionaries like Art Spiegelman, S. Clay Wilson, Trina Robbins and others. With Lee's enthusiastic support, Kitchen edited five issues of Comix Book (1974-1976), an anthology featuring work by the asupervisorstioned un-Marvel comics artists (Comix Book also included the first appearance of Spiegelman's Maus, looking markedly different than it would in the longer book-length edition of the story).
The Best of Comix Book (to be released in December) will collect about half of the material that was published by this experimental enterprise. Although The Best of Comix Book is the only project that has been announced by the imprint, Kitchen and Lind do not rule out publishing original graphic novel works. But they also emphasized that for the immediate future, Kitchen Sink projects (about four to six per year) will proceed in a similar vein, focused on resurrecting classic comics materials in new archival book editions. More new projects will be announced later this summer.
It has been fifteen years since Kitchen's legendary indie publishing house Kitchen Sink Press folded. Founded in 1970, Kitchen Sink Press published the biggest names and creators of the underground comics movement, from Speigelman, R. Crumb and Justin Green, not to mention Kitchen's own comics, as well as such acclaimed comics artists as Will Eisner and Harvey Kurtzman. Since KSP folded in 1999, Kitchen and their partner, designer-editor John Lind, have enjoyed success with their packaging firm Kitchen, Lind, and Associates. (KLA packaged the Eisner-winning The Art of Harvey Kurtzman: The Mad Genius of Comics for Abrams, as well as this year's Eisner nominee, the multi-volume Crime Does Not Pay Archives, for Dark Horse.)
For the new imprint's first volume, Kitchen and Lind are revisiting that odd moment in the 1970s when Kitchen convinced Stan Lee that Marvel should publish not just comics, but comix, the new experimental comics work that developed out of the underground comics self-publishing movement. The result was the anthology magazine, Comix Book, a project Kitchen brought to Lee in the early ‘70s. In a recent phone conversation with PW, Kitchen recalled the genesis of Comix Book having developed out of a casual correspondence with Stan Lee.
“When I self-published my first underground comic, I sent them one in the mail with a little cover letter that just said, ‘I am a fan of Marvel. I just did this. Hope you like it.' And I was astonished when I got a letter back from him,” Kitchen says. That initial exchange developed into a regular correspondence. Kitchen continued to send Lee comics – and Lee was intrigued.
“I don't think anyone else in the underground was even attempting to correspond with Stan,” Kitchen added. “Early on they started saying, ‘Hey, why don't you come work for me?' At that time, I didn't want to move to New York,” Kitchen said, “I don't think they were used to that, either. If you were in comics and Stan offered you a job, you'd say, ‘When's the next train?” But by 1973, underground comics were in a big slump, Kitchen's wife was pregnant and the next time they spoke with Lee, “ I was, like, ‘Stan, let's talk.'”
Under the new Kitchen Sink Book imprint at Dark Horse, editor Philip Simon will shepherd upcoming Kitchen Sink book projects from the Dark Horse offices in Portland, Or. (Kitchen and Lind are based in Massachussetts.) Simon notes that Kitchen's book projects have always celebrated the cultural and historical significance of the comics medium – and that that will continue to be the case at the new imprint. Simon already has a history working with Kitchen and Lind on other Dark Horse reprint projects, such as the Crime Does Not Pay Archives books and others. Simon notes, “As a teenager, vaulting from superhero stuff to comics literature, I knew Denis as a guy who was always producing solid books. Denis has a clear vision for what they like to see. And that will continue.”
As a business venture, the Kitchen/Dark Horse partnership can be seen as a natural outgrowth of editorial affinities shared by Kitchen and Dark Horse publisher Mike Richardson. “We had worked with Dark Horse on The Oddly Compelling Art of Denis Kitchen and Crime Does Not Pay,” Lind says. “It led to talking about how to structure this [imprint]. There's a strong mutual respect on Denis and Mike [Richardson]'s part, going back twenty-five years or so.”
Simon says that although Kitchen Sink plans to pursue original graphic novels as well, book projects of historical significance are foremost in their mind. They add, “I feel that starting with The Best of Comix Book, everything [Denis and John] are bringing to the table is going to be historically important.”
