GREG Boulton stood before the masses on the second floor of the RB Quinn grandstand at Alberton and loudly declared: "There will be a Port Adelaide Football Club forever."
It was December 1994. They had earlier been at Football Park to hear SANFL president Max Basheer announce Port Adelaide had won the tender for the second Adelaide-based, SANFL-controlled AFL licence.
This proclamation - "There will be a Port Adelaide Football Club forever" - made it to The Parade soon after.
Norwood Football Club president Nerio Ferraro was reaching for a Penfold's Bin 28 as the Redlegs and its adopted cousins from Sturt counted the bill from their failed attempt to beat Port Adelaide to the AFL. They said: "Forever is a long time ...."
Forever has not even lasted a generation. Less than 20 years later it is clear the powerbrokers at the SANFL and AFL are giving up on the "Port Adelaide experiment".
Would-be president Kevin Foley's column in the Sunday Mail - after they have done the rounds with SANFL president John Olsen, Crows chairperson Rob Chapman and AFL boss Andrew Demetriou in the past week - is filled with alarm bells. More Power, less Port. No Port Adelaide Football Club within five years.
Adelaide Oval is clearly not sprinkled with gold dust to save the Port Adelaide Football Club.
So what will it be soon? Adelaide Power or Southern Power?
And what will a second "generic" AFL club in the South Australian market do to the Adelaide Football Club? Will it cannibalise the Crows' supporter base?
From the moment Boulton asked for a bottle of champagne to celebrate there being a "Port Adelaide Football Club forever" and Ferraro poured a red at The Parade, the argument has been the Power would not work.
Port Adelaide was working off "too small" a market. It had limited appeal. Indeed, more South Australians hated Port Adelaide.
In a business context, this was like having the Pepsi franchise in the Coca-Cola homeland of Atlanta.
Port Adelaide is an acquired taste.
Still, it began well. Solid crowds at AAMI Stadium. Success on the field. A premiership in 2004. Another grand final in 2007. And since then, disaster.
Crowds have fallen. Red ink has overtaken the balance sheets. Corporate Australia has abandoned the Port Adelaide Football Club.
And the tragic note of this turnaround is that it all happened while the Port Adelaide Football Club had less Port Adelaide within itself than ever before.
Today, the team has just two original Port Adelaide boys - Brett and Brad Ebert.
It is the composite team.
Its two key day-to-day roles - chief executive and football operations - are run by non-Port Adelaide men.
Keith Thomas is from Norwood. Peter Rohde is a Victorian who also found their South Australian link at Norwood.
More critically, the Port Adelaide Football Club has not failed because it failed to grow to "non-Port Adelaide people".
It has collapsed because it ignored and mistreated its core Port Adelaide supporters.
No business will survive if it treats its core customers so badly. In some cases, Port Adelaide ignores its fans.
Now, everyone is about to abandon them. It will be tough to keep the Port Adelaide Football Club afloat once it is rebadged as Footscray was with its Western Bulldogs facelift.
The AFL is committed to two teams in Adelaide, more so now that it has drained so many taxpayer dollars for the new Adelaide Oval.
But what will the second team be called?
Foley appears to be accepting the end of the "Port Adelaide Football Club" as it has been known since 1870.
"Our club's very existence is at risk," they say.
"There will be no Power within five years, in my opinion, if we stay as we are and think more of the same is going to save us.
"The branding, marketing and positioning of our club must be less about Port Adelaide and more about The Power.
"We have to face up to the fact that as much as we love our heritage, most of the state doesn't share our passion. We don't have to cut ties with the Port at all; it's our home and our heart, but not our future."
Collingwood did not grow from the crowded Victorian market into Australia's biggest football club by abandoning its name or its heritage.
Despite also being Australia's most-hated club, Collingwood president Eddie McGuire played on that supposedly limiting "brand" to make the Magpies bigger than anyone ever imagined possible.
Hawthorn was on its knees contemplating a merger with Melbourne at the time Boulton uncorked the champagne bottles at Alberton in 1995.
Did the Hawks decide that their limited suburban image in eastern Melbourne was too small that they needed a new brand and a new name to ensure their survival and growth?
No. They played to their strengths. The most important was accepting the wants of its traditional supporters.
Foley can join Andrew Demetriou and Gillon McLachlan in painting the Port out of the Port Adelaide Football Club and making it Adelaide Power or Southern Power.
But they will have to start this new brand without the support of the traditional Port Adelaide heartland.
They will leave AFL football for good, just as so many Fitzroy fans did when the Lions were sent to Brisbane.
The real question is what are these Port Adelaide fans going to do?
Will they stay at home blaming everyone from the SANFL to the red-blue-and-gold paint around AAMI Stadium for their football club's downfall ... or will they take over their club as the South Sydney supporters did when the Rabbitohs were being pushed out of the NRL?
Kevin Foley is clearly not Port Adelaide' Russell Crowe.
South Sydney chief executive Shane Richardson told The Weekend Australian that Crowe saved the Rabbitohs by staying true to their supporters and their heritage.
They add South Sydney opened its eyes to the world to find the best ideas to make the Rabbitohs grand again.
They recruited a chief financial officer from English Premier League club Chelsea. They talked to AFL clubs Collingwood and Essendon to learn how to grow memberships.
South Sydney repaid a $500,000 debt to Souths Juniors. Another $600,000 was spent on refurbishing the offices at Redfern.
Profits are now redirected back into the football club.
Most importantly, notes The Weekend Australian, the Rabbitohs have not needed a cash injection for four years.
"It's a revelation from where we were," Richardson said. "Let's be honest, mate. We were a rat-infested building which was in receivership.
"We couldn't train at Redfern Oval because of a number of holes in the ground and it was asbestos filled. We had to train at Erskineville Oval with demountables.
"Now we've got a $22 million state-of-the-art ground at Redfern, we've got magnificent offices here and a superb operation, we've got 22,000 members, and with over $6m we're no doubt the largest commercially supported club in Sydney.
"And we've done that without success on the field. So if we can get success on the field, who knows where we can go."
Sounds like a recipe for the Port Adelaide Football Club. It certainly sounds better than a name change from Port Adelaide to Something Power.
Question is, what are the Port Adelaide Football Club fans going to do about it? Seems time for a rally from Black Diamond Corner, if anyone still cares.
Wary of Protectionism, U.S. Agriculture Wages Charm Offensive to Save Mexican Exports
American food producers are turning into diplomats, flying to Mexico to bolster decades-old business relationships now fraying under the protectionist trade shift in Washington.
The Trump administration's plan to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement has thrown a cloud of uncertainty over the trade terms that have underpinned Mexico's growth for the past two decades and made it the third-largest export market for American farmers.
As buyers and the Mexican government start to look at getting their food from countries other than the United States, several U.S. industry officials have headed south of the border in recent weeks to reassure them that Mexico is still a valued customer.
U.S. food producers have noticed a chill in their conversations with longtime customers, and some are seeing their sales to Mexico stall, according to industry officials. Meanwhile, buyers are telling their U.S. suppliers that they are exploring new sources of grains, corn, dairy products, and meat for fear that Mexico will revive tariffs on agricultural products that went to zero after NAFTA.
“We're talking with people we've been working with for decades. For the first time, they are questioning their overdependence on the U.S.,” said Tom Sleight, CEO of the U.S. Grains Council, a nonprofit that represents corn, barley, and sorghum producers.
The industry-led diplomacy comes amid a leadership vacuum in Washington. Nominees for the top trade and agriculture posts have yet to be confirmed, leaving the job of salvaging a hard-won trade relationship to company officials and trade group representatives who know little more than Mexico does about what direction the Trump administration will ultimately take.
America's top farm states overwhelmingly backed President Donald Trump in the election. But now there's growing concern in these states that their trade policies will help manufacturers at the expense of farmers. For U.S. farmers, who sent $130 billion in exports abroad last year — including $18 billion worth to Mexico — cultivating and nurturing trade relationships has been a bedrock of U.S. agricultural policy for decades. For Mexico, it's about more than business: The country doesn't grow enough food to feed its population, so imports are a food security issue.
Without a voice for agricultural interests atop the administration, farmers and food producers fear real damage is being done. Last week, several senators from farm states sought to fill the void, raising concerns in a Senate hearing for the nominee for U.S. trade representative, Robert Lighthizer.
A trade war could have “real and serious economic consequences for farmers,” Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) warned, adding that “when we are retaliated against, it's often done through countries taking actions against our agriculture.”
Trump's nominee for agriculture secretary, Sonny Perdue, is set to have their confirmation hearing Thursday, after months of delay as Perdue sought to avoid ethics problems relating to a family trust.
“There's no leadership,” said Philip Seng, the president and CEO of the U.S. Meat Export Federation, who argued that the administration's trade rhetoric runs against “the whole fabric of what our agricultural policy has stood for for 50 years.”
The lack of assurances coming from Washington stands in stark contrast to decisive moves by Mexico to diversify its food supply. On March 1, Mexico said it would suspend through the end of the year tariffs on imports of 200 metric tons of beef from countries with which it doesn't have a free trade agreement, a move seen as benefiting Australia and New Zealand.
Meanwhile, the Mexican agricultural ministry is pursuing a flurry of trade visits to Europe, Asia, and South America, including a mission next month to Brazil and Argentina to explore importing corn, grains, and other products. Agriculture Minister José Calzada, in a press conference this week, proposed a plan to cultivate new import and export markets, saying Mexico had to “get out of its comfort zone.”
Sleight of the Grains Council flew last week to meet with feed millers, livestock companies, and grain marketers in Mexico City and Guadalajara, as well as with officials at Mexico's Ministry of Agriculture. The companies told them that they are accelerating their grain purchases to build up their inventories and looking at using alternative grains, like feed wheat or white corn, for livestock.
“It's starting to influence business decisions,” they said.
The cross-border farm trade is, like much of the U.S.-Mexico relationship, tight-knit and interdependent. The $18 billion in agricultural exports the United States sent to Mexico last year accounted for about 70 percent of all Mexican agricultural imports. Meanwhile, the United States imported about $23 billion worth of Mexican agricultural products, such as avocados and tomatoes, accounting for nearly 80 percent of all such Mexican exports.
The tenor of Sleight's conversations in Mexico was one of frustration and bewilderment that the United States would imperil such a key trade relationship. “‘Why are you doing this? Why are you treating your best customer like this?'” they said the Mexican industry officials asked.
The U.S. dairy industry, whose top export market is Mexico, sent a delegation to Mexico last week led by former Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, who now heads the U.S. Dairy Export Council. The industry is worried the protectionist tone in Washington is harming business.
Last year, California-based Hilmar Cheese Co. exported about half the milk powder it produced from a new plant to Mexico. Lately, the company has seen the market soften. That's in part because of a weak Mexican peso but also because Mexican buyers are looking for new suppliers, said chief executive David Ahlem.
“It's creating uncertainty for our buyers,” they said. “In the short term, that could have real impacts.” Customers have told their sales team that they are talking to potential suppliers in the European Union. “Even if we get to the right place in the long run, once that demand is gone, it's gone,” they said.
Meanwhile, the U.S. dry bean industry, based in the upper Midwest, is feeling reverberations from the policy shift in Washington. Star of the West Milling Co. in Frankenmuth, Michigan, hasn't received any bean orders from its Mexican buyers since Trump was elected, said Rob Chandonnet, the company's vice president of edible bean sales.
They have heard concerns from customers on a recent trip to Mexico that their government will suddenly impose a retaliatory tariff on U.S. bean imports between the time they place the order and when it's delivered. Another worry: Mexican border officials who carry out phytosanitary inspections of the beans could reject them, as a way to retaliate against U.S. trade policy, they said.
Chandonnet feels they can't offer assurances to their buyers until they know what the administration will do. “I'm a seller, and if I can't reassure my customers, then that causes even more uncertainty in the market,” they said.
One of their customers, Importadora Exportadora Dorsalva, currently buys only American and Canadian beans. But now it's exploring importing beans from other countries should Mexico pursue retaliatory measures that make U.S. beans costlier, Salvador Sanchez, a company manager, said.
Sanchez confirmed that many in Mexico believe their country will hit back with tariffs on farm products if the United States pulls back on market access to Mexican-made manufacturing goods.
“If Donald Trump does something about the manufacturing part, Mexico is going to respond with the agricultural part,” they said.
Photo credit: SCOTT OLSEN/Getty Images
Finally, you can see it – the enemy garrison. There are armed guards patrolling every path and an energy shield surrounding the base. You sneak in an unattended door and stab a guard through their heart. Before they hit the floor, you throw a shuriken at another guard. You pick off another two silently with your bow and introduce the heavily armored guard to your quad-barrel shotgun. After deactivating the base's shields, you rip the guard's cyber-heart from their chest with your bare hands and throw it in the middle of the base. A neon-striped dragon comes storming through, shooting lasers from it's face at the remaining guards.
This is Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon. It's one of the best downloadable games I've ever played.
TL;DR: A neon dragon-filled future from the 80s.
Platform: Xbox 360
Score: 8.7
Hours Played: 8
What I Played: Main campaign
Recommended: Yes
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon is a very innovative idea for a game. It takes a popular AAA title, Far Cry 3, and reimagines the game's engine/graphics/assets into another, completely separate universe. In FC3:BD you control Rex Powercolt, a badass from a futuristic vision from the 80's. Rex is the latest in cyber-soldier technology… or they were before some not-too-well-explained event that knocked them unconscious for some time. When you finally wake up, your past mentor Sloan is trying to enslave all the blood dragons and take over the world. You, and only you, can stop them before it's too late.
Rex has more violent tools at their disposal than are legally allowed by the Geneva Convention. You can carry four guns, including the silent bow (a trademark of the Far Cry series), the asupervisorstioned quad-barrel shotgun, and my personal favorite, the rocket sniper. You can also have up to 9 grenades at a time, C4, molotoves, and land mines. Rex can run indefinitely at superhuman speeds, fall from any height without taking damage (there's actually an achievement called “Derp” for falling over 50 meters), and swim underwater without ever needing to breathe. Leveling up unlocks more stylish takedowns and attachments for your guns, but there's never a point where you could possibly feel underpowered. I played through the game on hard in about 7 hours with minimal frustration.
If comedy in games does it for you, and I know it does for me, then don't look any further than FC3:BD. Rex spits off one-liner after one-liner: “I call shotgun” when you kill an enemy in a carn, “He really put their heart into it” when you rip out a soldier's heart, “He was open-minded” when you blow someones head off. To put a cherry on it, Rex is voiced by Michael Biehn of Terminator and Aliens fame. There are pixellated 16-bit montages between main story missions, bringing back memories from games long ago. Also, the synth. There's a shitload of that going on, and it's wonderful.
When you liberate (read: murder everyone inside) an enemy garrison, you open up some side missions and map locations for collectibles. What kind of collectibles can you find in such a throwback game? How about rabbit ear TV sets and VHS tapes? The overall CRT look and snowy-TV feel of the pause menu and the game itself lend more and more to the era of the NES and when MTV actually played music.
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon is an 80s-tastic adventure full of puns, lasers, and explosions. It uses a big-budget, AAA engine in a $15 downloadable title. It's what Duke Nukem Forever should have been from a comedy and general badassedry standpoint. If pumping a gatling gun into a laser-dragon sounds like something you'd enjoy, do yourself a favor and get this game.
Well it seems that the man behind the curtain of support says that this isn't possible... I refuse to accept that this can't be done in a simple, reliable and supportable fashion. Like it or not Netgate I am going to build this feature in on my boxes. I think you greatly underestimate how many of your users will utilize this, many of us running pfsense are also running Teir 3 circuits (that utilize soft discos) to save money. Even outside of that, ICMP is outdated and not at all a good indicator of whether an end user can "access the internet".
I'm going to try building a script that will work with the existing infrastructure. Seems that the best way to go about it (without much effort or risk) is to use pfctl in a script to block ICMP responses from the configured monitoring host when the script detects a "_SoftDown_". SoftDown will be determined by Wget with "--bind-address" on specified gateway to check for a string in the returned html of a specified website. I'll run the script with cron every 5 minutes. Maybe I'll get fancy and try to email the email address configured in the GUI (maybe sending mail to root is enough) when SoftDown occurs.
DIETICH, IDAHO (WTXF) - Three high school football players have been charged in the rape of their black disabled classmate at Dietrich High School.
According to a criminal complaint, the October 2015 incident happened in their high school locker-room. The victim thought they were about to get a hug from one of the players but instead, was raped by three other players.
Authorities say a teammate restrained the boy while another football player shoved a coat hanger into the boy's rectum.
The Washington Post reports the alleged rape stemmed from months of racial abuse by the white football players against the boy, who is black.
The boy “was taunted and called racist names by other members of the team which names included ‘Kool-Aid' ‘chicken eater' ‘watermelon' and [the N-word],” the suit alleges.
According to the Washington Post, the boy's family filed a $10 million lawsuit against the teammates earlier this month. In addition to the teammates allegedly responsible for the torture the boy endured, the lawsuit also names 11 employees as defendants for failing to stop the abuse.
Teammates John R.K. Howard and Tanner Ward are being charged as adults for forcible penetration by use of a foreign object and could face life in prison, but the lawsuit claims that Howard was the ringleader of this racist abuse.
According to the suit, Howard allegedly forced the boy to recite the words to a racist song called “Notorious KKK” while displaying a confederate flag. The suit also alleges that Howard was the one that kicked the coat hanger five or six times, which caused the boy's “rectal injuries.”
According to the Lincoln County Clerk's Office, Howard's preliminary trial is scheduled for June 10 and Ward's trial is scheduled to begin on September 26, but neither of them have entered a plea yet.
Two of the most visible buildings along Carmel's North Meridian Street corridor are expected to hit the market soon as owners look to take advantage of an improving office sector.
Chicago-based Zeller Realty Group bought the buildings near 116th and North Meridian streets in 2001 and invested a “good amount of money” in them to get them stabilized, said Mark Vollbrecht, a Zeller senior vice president based in Indianapolis.
They're 88-percent occupied and could attract a lot of interest from long-term institutional investors, they said.
Brokers say the buildings could fetch $125 to $150 a square foot, or as much as $57 million.
Meridian Mark Plaza is expected to hit the market as occupancy increases along the Meridian corridor and interest rates remain low. (IBJ Photo/Scott Olson) Meridian Mark Plaza is expected to hit the market as occupancy increases along the Meridian corridor and interest rates remain low. (IBJ Photo/Scott Olson)
The granite-clad buildings total 385,000 square feet, ranking them as the third-largest office complex along the corridor, trailing only Parkwood Crossing and Hamilton Crossing, according to the most recent IBJ statistics. At eight stories, they're the tallest in Carmel.
Zeller Realty has hired the local office of CBRE to advise it on a sale.
Dan Richardson, an office broker at the firm, said they think it's an excellent time for Zeller Realty to explore its options.
“Interest rates remain historically low and lenders have a big appetite to invest in high-quality real estate,” they said.
Local developer Browning Investments Inc. built Meridian Mark Plaza over a two-year stretch, in 1983 and 1984.
Improvements made by Zeller Realty include the addition of a fitness center and new lobbies, food service, roofs and mechanical systems.
The upgrades should help Zeller attract a buyer, said Rich Forslund, an office broker at Summit Realty Group.
“Those are great assets and Zeller's done a really good job of keeping them updated with things that prospective tenants are looking for,” they said. “The buildings, especially for suburban office, have a decent amount of amenities in them.”
Rental rates for Meridian Mark range from $18.50 to $20.25 per square foot, competitive for the North Meridian corridor, according to the most recent IBJ statistics. Tenants include Cisco, Edward Rose & Sons, Liberty Mutual and Oxford Financial.
Strong demand for space along the corridor has helped reduce Carmel's Class A vacancy rates to 12.3 percent, according to CBRE data. But the figure could drop even lower, into single digits by the end of the year, the firm is predicting.
The vacancy rate for the overall suburban Class A market continues to improve and stands at 16.8 percent, lower than the 19.9 percent downtown rate.
That demand for Carmel office space has prompted a flurry of sales lately in the market.
Across the street from Meridian Mark, Baldwin & Lyons Inc. bought from local developer Lauth Group Inc. the 181,000-square-foot building at 111 Congressional Blvd. The trucking and auto fleet insurer expects to move from downtown after the first of the year.
In July, REI Real Estate Services LLC and Perennial Investments teamed up to buy out of foreclosure a 105,000-square-foot office building at 550 Congressional Blvd.
Earlier in the year, Marion-based Moorehead Communications Inc. bought the 47,000-square-foot building at 525 Congressional Blvd.
And Meridian Corporate Plaza, which formerly housed Lauth's headquarters, is close to being purchased from LIP Holdings LLC, an affiliate of Chicago-based Inland American Real Estate Trust.
Inland, a former financial backer of Lauth, took possession of the buildings as part of the bankruptcy reorganization of Lauth Investment Properties LLC, a Lauth Group affiliate whose bankruptcy reorganization wrapped up in 2011. Lauth Group since has moved its offices to The Congressional, a 181,000-square-foot office building at 116th Street and Pennsylvania Parkway in Carmel that it bought last year.
Strong demand and U.S. 31's transformation to a limited-access expressway, expected to be finished in 2015, have helped to make buildings along the corridor an attractive investment, Vollbrecht at Zeller Realty said.
“When you see these national tenants (Geico and American Specialty Health among them) choosing Carmel and Indianapolis to do business in, we're playing in a different league right now,” they said.
If you can believe it, there are people whose first reaction to gazing upon the 2015 Lamborghini Huracan is to lob complaints. My colleagues in the journalism business are a tough crew, hardened as they are by auto junkets to faraway places and invitations to test-drive the most beautiful cars in the business. When writers have the opportunity, as I do a few times a year, to get behind the wheel of a beautiful supercar they can become critical. We are discerning, exacting types, and sometimes annoying. A dozen auto journalists sitting around a dinner table can turn wine into vinegar in a matter of minutes.
Advertisement
Yet at no time when I lapped the new Huracan around the Ascari auto track in southern Spain did I think this new Lambo had lost its way. Yes, I'd hear the banter (“This is too much of an Audi,'') relating to the Huracan's next-gen Audi R8 chassis) and the comparisons to the preceding Gallardo (“It's not as exciting anymore.''). I disagree. I've driven the Gallardo and watched it behave just like the charging bull on the Lamborghini crest. On many occasions,the supercar felt as if it weren't made for public roads.You'd never be sure when the next gear change would kick the car sideways. I've also driven the Nissan GT-R and McLaren MP4-12C, two of the most composed, easy-to-drive supercars ever made. They do tend to get a little boring when you're not shooting them toward a turn at 120 mph and letting the brakes carve your eyeballs from their sockets.
But let's get honest. This is a real Lamborghini, and there is nothing in the world quite like it.
Aluminum and carbon fiber form a heroic bond in the Huracan, lightening the load by about 10 percent (to a 3,400-pound curb weight) with a 50percent increase in rigidity. The outside skin—colored in outrageously bright greens, oranges, and yellows that are 100percent necessary in cities like Miami—has such a clean profile it resembles the first 1971 Countach prototype. The machine is zanily packed with wedges, trapezoids, and gaping air intakes, yet the overall shape is remarkably pure and free of extraneous scoops, spoilers, and other comic book nonsense from Lamborghini's not-too-distant past. Call it beautiful, and no auto writer will argue back.
Advertisement
On Ascari's bending, cambering 3.4-mile circuit, the Huracan is buttoned down but not too comfortable. The all-wheel-drive system, with torque vectoring on the rear axle, pushes the car harder into turns and lets the driver exit them with considerable speed far earlier than normally possible. Hitting the standard carbon-ceramic disc brakes on a straightaway causes the rear end to jiggle, plus the electric power steering is so fast it requires brief corrections to keep the car in line. This is still not the neutral, supremely balanced setup of an R8. A Huracan requires rapt attention.
This Lambo features the Gallardo's 5.2-liter V-10 with a revised intake and a new port- and direct-injection system to deliver 602 hp and 413 lb.-ft. of torque, all accessible at very high revs (peak power comes at 8,250 rpm). Car and Driver launched a Huracan to 60 mph in just 2.5 seconds, or exactly what a 1,200-hp Bugatti puts down for eight times the price (in case you're checking your mutual funds, the Huracan starts at $241,945). Top speed is 202 mph.
All that means nothing on average roads, and while the mountainous region outside Marbella where I drove cannot be compared to Route 2 in North Adams, I can say the Huracan is a vastly superior car to the Gallardo. The new 7-speed, dual-clutch automatic transmission is lurch-free and smooth, yet in Corsa mode (one of three driving modes selectable via the steering wheel), it will bang out hard, neck-snapping shifts for the hell of it. With the optional magnetic shocks (the same ones as on the Corvette), the ride is downright placating and never bouncy. The steering, too, no longer feels like a tractor-trailer at parking speeds. It is not, however, a Porsche 911. One stab of the gas and out goes that pretense.
Advertisement
Back to the hard-nosed critics. In many respects, they are right. The Huracan is not as edgy or as raucous to drive as its predecessor. But ask yourself this—do you enjoy looking sharp, driving fast, and living to tell that tale the next day? Lamborghini would like you to do that, too, preferably with a Huracan in your garage.
One evening in the late 1960s (I was then in high school), my father and I were watching television. The local station announced that, later that week, it would show the winner of the Academy Award for Best Picture of 1947, Gentleman's Agreement.
My father and I awaited the film with anticipation. After all, we equated “Best Picture” Oscars with superior entertainment—films like All about Eve, On the Waterfront, Lawrence of Arabia, and A Man for All Seasons.
To our disappointment, Gentleman's Agreement, a two-hour sermon on the woe of American anti-Semitism, was one of the dullest films we'd ever watched. It was all dialogue, no action. No humor either. A token romance was thrown in, but it had no spark.
Here's the plot: Gregory Peck plays a writer who moves to New York City after being hired by a magazine. The editor assigns them to write a series on anti-Semitism. In order to write from real experience, Peck pretends to be Jewish. They send two job applications to various employers, knowing the one with the Jewish name will get rejected. They soon discovers anti-Semitism lurking under every rock—at hotels, in their secretary, their doctor, their janitor, and even their new girlfriend, played by Dorothy McGuire. Peck spends much of the film lecturing these people about their bigotry, no matter how subtly they expressed it.
(Dialog box is of course my own parody)
My father and I kept waiting for this soap opera to turn a corner and become interesting. Near the film's end, the magazine's staff are ecstatically leafing through Peck's article, exclaiming things like “It's dynamite!” At this point my father remarked: “The actors are just looking at blank pages!” We both burst out laughing. Yes, Gentleman's Agreement was so dull that we had to provide our own comic relief to stay focused on it.
What amazed us was that this yawner had won the “Best Picture” Oscar. Mind you, we had nothing against the film's message: that anti-Semitism is wrong. My father was Jewish himself, though non-practicing and completely assimilated into American culture. What bothered us was the flat-tire script that not even Gregory Peck or the gifted director Elia Kazan could pump life into.
Today, nearly half a century later, as a veteran alt-media writer, that Oscar no longer mystifies me. It was awarded on March 20, 1948. Less than two months later, the state of Israel was proclaimed; on that same day, ignoring the objections of their advisers, Harry Truman made the United States the world's only country to recognize it.
Dignified and popularized by its “Best Picture” status, Gentleman's Agreement served to prep the American public for the big day, and helped ensure that opposition to the decision would be silenced—for Judaism is often conflated with Zionism, and Gentleman's Agreement continually suggested that any criticism of Jews, however minor or inadvertent, must be stamped out (a joke today, Hitler tomorrow). Indeed, Dorothy McGuire is unable to win Gregory Peck until, at the film's end, they too take an active stand against anti-Semitism.
Meanwhile, Down at the Oval Office
In their foreword to Israel Shahak's book Jewish History, Jewish Religion (1994), Gore Vidal reported a story they were told by John F. Kennedy:
Harry S. Truman had been pretty much abandoned by everyone when they came to run for president. Then an American Zionist brought them two million dollars in cash, in a suitcase, aboard their whistle-stop campaign train. “That's why our recognition of Israel was rushed through so fast.”
According to Texe Marrs in Conspiracy of the Six-Pointed Star, the man with the suitcase was Abraham Feinberg, founder of the powerful Israeli lobbying group AIPAC.
Feinberg is on the far left behind Truman in this 1952 photo.
Truman receiving a menorah from David Ben-Gurion
Truman's recognition of Israel, which came only 11 minutes after the state was proclaimed, may have been a factor in their stunning election victory that fall, generally regarded as the greatest upset in Presidential election history (Republican Thomas Dewey had been widely projected as the winner).
In a famous pose, Truman holds early edition of Chicago Tribune announcing theirs defeat.
Truman, a 33rd degree Freemason, would serve America's shadow oligarchy well, as when they sent U.S. soldiers to fight in the Korean War, an artificially contrived conflict intended to validate the UN (world government) and set a permanent precedent for bypassing Congress's Constitutional authority to declare war. More than 30,000 Americans were killed and over 100,000 wounded in the “police action.”
Truman in Freemasonic Garb
The Nakba
1948 also marked a tragedy few Americans ever heard about.
Echoing the catchphrase “A Land without a People for a People without a Land,” Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir famously said:
There were no such things as Palestinians. When was there an independent Palestinian people with a Palestinian state? It was either southern Syria before the First World War, and then it was a Palestine including Jordan. It was not as though there was a Palestinian people in Palestine considering itself as a Palestinian people and we came and threw them out and took their country away from them. They did not exist.1
Meir's claim is easily discredited.
I recommend this 10-minute video “Palestine pre-1948, before Zionism/Israel”:
What happened to these people? The Zionists ethnically cleansed them. Some 750,000 Palestinians were driven from their homes at gunpoint. Palestinians call this horror the Nakba. Quoting If Americans Knew:
Zionist forces committed 33 massacres and destroyed 531 Palestinian towns. Author Norman Finkelstein [himself Jewish} states: “According to the former director of the Israeli army archives, ‘in almost every village occupied by us during the War… acts were committed which are defined as war crimes, such as murders, massacres, and rapes'…Uri Milstein, the authoritative Israeli military historian of the 1948 war, goes one step further, maintaining that ‘every skirmish ended in a massacre of Arabs.'”2
Victims of the infamous Deir Yassin Massacre of April 9, 1948
An extensive listing of massacres of Palestinians can be found here.
The 1950 film Sands of Sorrow depicted the conditions under which the evicted Palestinians lived; 28 minutes long, well worth a watch. You can be sure it wasn't featured at the local American theater; it's not even included in the comprehensive Internet Movie Data Base (IMDB).
So much for Golda Meir's claim that Palestinians “did not exist.” Now to put it in perspective, whose suffering was worse? The Palestinians who were massacred and dispossessed? Or Gregory Peck because they found that an upscale hotel discriminated against Jews when booking reservations?
I am certainly not suggesting that there haven't been unwarranted acts of discrimination against Jews in America. But Gentleman's Agreement's claim—that New York City Jews struggled to get jobs because gentiles received preferential treatment—runs smack against the reality that Jews are often favored for employment, especially in Jewish-dominated fields like finance, law, retailing, and the arts. And while the film portrayed Jews as pristinely innocent victims of prejudice, Jews have their own prejudice, as is here explained by Brother Nathanael Kapner, who was Jewish-born-and-raised in New York City, and is now an Orthodox Christian:
Note: the following remarks refer to organized Zionist Jewry, and should not be construed to apply to all ethnic Jews, many of whom are not “practicing Jews” and are often, like my father, assimilated into other cultures. In the above video, Brother Nathanael refers to the Talmud. Contrary to what many Christians believe, it is the Talmud, not the Torah (Old Testament) that is the chief doctrinal teaching of modern rabbinic Judaism. It is the written form of the cumulative oral “tradition of the elders,” which Jesus Christ so resoundingly condemned the Pharisees for. Talmudic Jewry regards non-Jews as inferior and often justifies lying to, stealing from, and killing gentiles. For documentation of this, I highly recommend Michael Hoffman's book Judaism's Strange Gods. As Brother Nathanael has pointed out elsewhere, it was the behavior and endemic racism of Talmudic Jews that caused them to be expelled from more than 100 countries throughout history, not some sort of universal bigotry against their ethnicity or religion.
That brings us back to Hollywood, which, yes, has always been dominated by Jews:
• Carl Laemmle (Jewish) founded Universal Studios.
• The Warner brothers were Jewish.
• William Fox (Jewish) created the Fox Film Corporation.
• Joseph Schenk and Darryl Zanuck (both Jewish) founded the Twentieth Century Film Corporation, which later merged with Fox to become Twentieth Century Fox.
• Marcus Loew, Sam Goldwyn (née Goldfish) and Louis B. Mayer (all Jewish) formed Metro Goldwyn Mayer (MGM).
• Harry Cohn (Jewish) established Columbia Pictures.
• Paramount Pictures evolved from companies established by Sam Goldwyn, Adolph Zukor and Jesse Lasky (all Jewish).
Is it “bigotry,” then, to call Hollywood a Jewish town, or just a statement of fact?
Which brings us full circle to the Oscars. Another film nominated for Best Picture of 1947, Crossfire, also had as its main theme anti-Semitism, this one draped in a film noir detective story. Robert Ryan, a Hollywood favorite for bigot roles, plays a psychopath who hates Jews for no reason, they just hates them—the classic anti-Semite stereotype. In the film's opening, Ryan beats to death a kindly, benevolent Jew simply because he's a Jew. Later in the film, Ryan commits a second murder, saying:
“I don't like Jews, and I don't like anybody who likes Jews!”
Unlike Gentleman's Agreement, set largely in upper-class New York and Connecticut, Crossfire takes place in seedy hotels, bars and dance halls. It appears the Zionists were hedging their bets, hoping that, in both highbrow and lowbrow circles, any criticism of the new state of Israel would be squelched in advance. But while Hollywood stars strutted down the red carpet, hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, Christian and Muslim alike, bore their burdens down roads red with the blood of the Nakba.
NOTES
Sunday Times, June 15, 1969, quoted at https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Golda_Meir. “The Catastrophe, Al Nakba: How Palestine Became Israel,“ If Americans Knew, http://www.ifamericansknew.org/history/ref-nakba.html.
Story highlights Der Spiegel: NSA "systematically" eavesdropped on Mexican government
It hacked into public e-mail of former president, according to the German news magazine
Mexico calls for a speedy investigation into the allegations
NSA: "The U.S. gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations"
Unacceptable. Illegitimate. And against the law.
That's how the Mexican government responded Sunday to new allegations of U.S. spying reported by Der Spiegel.
According to the German news magazine, the National Security Agency "systematically" eavesdropped on the government. It hacked the public e-mail account of former Mexican President Felipe Calderon, which was also used by Cabinet members, Der Spiegel said.
The magazine quoted documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
JUST WATCHED Risky business for whistleblowers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Risky business for whistleblowers 06:14
JUST WATCHED Whistleblower: Snowden settling in well Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Whistleblower: Snowden settling in well 02:42
JUST WATCHED Snowden 'at peace with their decisions' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Snowden 'at peace with their decisions' 05:13
"This practice is unacceptable, illegitimate and against Mexican and international law," Mexico's foreign ministry said in a statement.
It added that it would push for speedy investigation.
"In a relationship between neighbors and partners, there is no room for the practices alleged to have taken place," the ministry said.
A senior U.S. State Department official told CNN that the Mexican government reached out about the report, and that the two governments will be discussing it via diplomatic channels.
The NSA said it would not "comment publicly on every specific alleged intelligence activity, and as a matter of policy we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations.
"As the President said in their speech at the U.N. General Assembly, we've begun to review the way that we gather intelligence, so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share," the agency added.
In September, Mexico and Brazil summoned U.S. ambassadors after media reports that the United States had spied on their countries' presidents.
A Brazilian news report described the alleged espionage, citing Glenn Greenwald, a Brazil-based journalist who similarly obtained documents from Snowden.
One of the alleged NSA documents leaked to Greenwald dates from June 2012, a month before Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was elected. In it, the candidate talks about whom they would select for their Cabinet if elected.
The documents did not reference any specific communications with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff but show the methods the NSA allegedly used to track e-mails and mobile phone communications with close advisers.
"It was very clear in the documents that they had already carried out the spying," Greenwald told Globo TV's Sunday night program "Fantastico." "They aren't talking about something they are planning; they are celebrating their spying successes."
Google Fiber coming to San Antonio
Launched by Sergey Brin and Larry Page in 1996, Google has changed the way we find things on the web. The website grew out of a research project Brin and Page conducted while students at Stanford University. Launched by Sergey Brin and Larry Page in 1996, Google has changed the way we find things on the web. The website grew out of a research project Brin and Page conducted while students at Stanford University. Photo: Paul Sakuma, Associated Press Photo: Paul Sakuma, Associated Press Image 1 of / 20 Captions Close Google Fiber coming to San Antonio 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
It's done – San Antonio is going to become a Google Fiber city.
The Internet giant's blazing fast gigabit network is headed to the Alamo City, the Mountain View, California-based company announced Wednesday with local leaders at Geekdom, a tech-startup incubator in downtown.
The confirmation that San Antonio will join a short list of so-called “Fiber cities” is nearly 18 months in the making and comes after disappointment that it had been passed over in the first round of announcements.
“The good news today is that Google Fiber is expanding to San Antonio,” said Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas. “It's a big milestone for Google Fiber — and for San Antonio, I hope.”
Mayor Ivy Taylor, who inherited shepherding the initiative through from former Mayor Julian Castro, said Tuesday that they were “thrilled” when they got that call that Google had decided to expand to San Antonio.
“It's really been a long haul, a long process of working with them,” they said. “So I think everyone was just really excited — the team, (Chief Technology Officer) Hugh Miller, of course, and the whole team — to finally be at that point, especially knowing how much the residents have been looking at this from two perspectives.
Read more details about the announcement at ExpressNews.com.
jbaugh@express-news.net
Twitter: @jbaugh
An 11-year-old Pennsylvania boy was fatally shot in the head on Saturday by their Uncle, who was showing off a handgun collection to the victim and their cousin, local media reports.
According to police, Hunter Pedersen was visiting their grandparents home in Delaware Township where their uncle, Chad Olm, lives in the basement.
Pedersen, along with their cousin, Olm's own son who is also 11, were curious to see the guns inside the man's safe.
Olm proceeded to show the boys their .357 Magnum revolver, a .22 revolver, a 9mm pistol and a .40-caliber Glock 27 with a laser sight.
Olm told police that they let the boys hold the firearms and in the case of the .357, even allowed them to pull the trigger. Olm, who claimed they never kept their firearms loaded, was confident the guns were empty.
When it came time to presenting the Glock 27, Olm pointed the laser on the ceiling and the wall.
They then pointed the laser dot at their nephew's head. It was at this point that one of the boys said, “Look, you have a red dot on your forehead.”
Olm pulled the trigger, firing the fatal shot that struck Pedersen above the eye.
Olm told police that there wasn't a magazine in the handgun when they showed it to the boys. They also admitted that they did not work the action to check it or clear it to ensure there wasn't a round in the chamber.
For killing the boy, the 34-year-old was charged with criminal homicide, recklessly endangering another person, and endangering the welfare of a child.
After being arrested, Olm was taken to Pike County Detention Center.
“It's horribly tragic. The family is devastated,” Blooming Grove State Police station commander Lt. Chris Paris told local media. “It goes to show that the safe handling of firearms is a must. The family has lost something that they can never replace.”
A fund has been set up to help the family with funeral arrangements and expenses.
“Let them mourn and grieve together, and us as their extended family, friends, co-workers, neighbors or just caring strangers, raise the funds for the Pedersen family to lay Hunter into eternal peace in the manner a sweet soul such as their deserves,” wrote Bridgette Murray, a relative of Hunter's who is managing the fun- raising effort.
Sky Muster: Rocket carrying NBN satellite launches amid concerns internet speeds overpromised
Updated
A satellite designed to deliver high-speed internet services to 400,000 Australian homes has been launched from French Guiana.
A rocket carrying the half-a-billion-dollar satellite, nicknamed Sky Muster and considered the great hope of the National Broadband Network (NBN), was launched about 6:30am (AEST).
Key points: Rocket with Sky Muster launched from French Guiana
NBN users to be connected from mid-2016
NBN acknowledges risk of failure
Communications Minister says speed will be sufficient despite congestion fears
NBN said Sky Muster was designed to deliver broadband internet services to more than 400,000 rural and remote homes, including on Norfolk, Christmas, Macquarie and Cocos islands.
The company said of the 400,000 premises in the total footprint for the satellite, it expected around 200,000 to take up a service.
NBN spokesperson Frances Kearey said governments around the world would be watching how Sky Muster delivered on its promises.
"It's one of the world's largest communication satellites and is purpose-built to deliver broadband to Australia — an incredibly vast country," they said.
"The NBN satellite service will provide speeds that people in the cities take for granted — opening up new opportunities in education, health, social connectivity and business."
Sky Muster will be connected to NBN users from the second half of next year once a number of tests are conducted.
Before the launch NBN acknowledged the risk of the satellite failing, either on the launch pad or in orbit, but has stressed there were a number of mitigation strategies in place to manage the risk.
"These including the selection of reliable vendors with proven industry track records and launch & in-orbit insurance," Ms Kearey said.
Communications Minister Mitch Fifield yesterday said people in rural and regional areas of Australia would get better broadband services from the first half of next year.
They rebutted claims the satellite would not provide sufficient internet speeds for regional areas, which already suffers from poor mobile phone coverage.
"There will be 110 beams coming from each satellite to locations throughout Australia, and even to offshore Australian territories," Mr Fifield said.
"We'll have 25 megabits per second (Mbps) download from Sky Muster, and that is high-speed broadband.
"This will meet the bulk of needs which people in regional Australia have."
Malcolm Turnbull 'backflipped' over satellite: Opposition
They shrugged off comments that when in opposition, then communications spokesperson Malcolm Turnbull described Labor's then communications minister Stephen Conroy's planned satellites as an unnecessary and expensive "Rolls-Royce" option for delivering internet services.
"There were many things that were in train when we came into office," Senator Fifield said.
"I think Malcolm, as communications minister, did a terrific job in recasting the roll out of the NBN.
"Australians are going to get the NBN six to eight years faster [than what Labor had planned]".
Labor's communications spokesperson Jason Clare seized upon the Government's change of heart.
"Fortunately for rural and regional Australians, Labor signed the contracts for delivery of these satellites before the last election," they said.
"In a backflip worthy of Nadia Comneci, Malcolm Turnbull now calls these satellites a 'game changer'.
"Labor welcomes the belated support from Malcolm Turnbull and the Liberal Party for the NBN satellite program.
"As they say — better late than never."
Mr Turnbull was due to attend the launch before being elevated to the nation's top job.
The name Sky Muster was devised by six-year-old Bailey Brooks, who lives on a station 400 kilometres from Alice Springs in the Northern Territory.
They painted a picture of the satellite, which is painted on the side of the high-tech equipment.
'High likelihood' of slow speeds in peak times: RMIT expert
But some remain sceptical about whether Sky Muster can muster its promised download speeds when all 200,000 properties connect to it.
"During peak times, there's going to be a very high likelihood that traffic is going to become congested, and there's going to be less throughput of traffic, and therefore people can expect the network to slow down considerably," Doctor Mark Gregory, from RMIT University's School of Computer Engineering, said.
Sky Muster at a glance Launch date: 1 October 2015
Operational from: mid-2016
Weight: Approximately 6,400 kgs
Build time: three years
Promised download speeds: 25Mbps download and 5Mbps upload
Orbit speed:11,000km/h
Name: Devised by six-year-old Bailey Brooks, who lives on a station 400km from Alice Springs in NT. Attends school over the internet.
"So if they're trying to look at high-definition videos, then they're likely to find that they'll have problems during those peak times.
"If they're connecting to something like an internet radio, which uses a relatively low bandwidth connection, then they shouldn't have any problems.
"We need to understand that this is going to lead to some congestion, and also going to lead to NBN Co putting in place rules to prevent some users from dominating the service by downloading too much material over a monthly period, or even during a short period of time."
Dr Gregory said there would be an early improvement in broadband services for rural and regional areas.
"The estimate of customers being able to achieve 25 megabits per second (Mbps) download speed, depends upon how many customers are connected to the satellites," they said.
"The early people onto the satellites are going to find that their connections operate very well, they're going to achieve the 25Mbps, and they're going to be very happy with their service."
Ms Kearey said bandwidth from the satellite would be closely monitored.
"The NBN satellite service will be a finite resource; it will be carefully managed to ensure all users in rural and remote Australia get a fair go," they said.
"Once the satellite service is commercially launched, homes and businesses will be able to choose a plan that suits their needs from their preferred service provider."
Topics: information-and-communication, internet-technology, science-and-technology, french-guiana
First posted
After the overwhelming praise for our previous post on cargo container homes and offices we simply couldn't resist doing a follow-up with even more amazing shipping container architectural designs from around the world. From self-transforming shipping container rooms to towering retail and loft spaces and emergency housing, here are ten additional examples of amazing recycled designs (including information on a company you can hire creating your own modified shipping container places).
Above is an amazing shipping container living space that transforms on demand into a modular work of recycled architecture. This living area is made from one large shipping container that is modified to open up with the push of a button to form a usable living area. This space has everything you need: bathroom, small kitchen/bar area, and a couch to relax on. All it needs is some sweet transforming furniture.
The Freitag Shop in Zurich is built entirely out of 17 old, rusted shipping containers. The 85 foot high structure really emphasizes the company's dedication to eco-friendly products, which includes messenger bags made from recycled tarps and tires. The structure features staircases between each level of the shop and a viewing area at the top of this ‘eco-friendly skyscraper'.
Container Cities are designed to provide affordable, stable and easily constructed alternative solutions to creating conventional office, workspace and live/work spaces. When they are done designing the containers themselves become a colorful structural system complete with nuanced design additions and modifications that blur the line between container and architecture. These modular creations can also be constructed and deconstructed/move relatively easy for short- and medium-term structural solutions.
Completed in 2003, this East London youth center took only 1 day to construct the exterior! The structure is composed entirely of 7 used storage containers. The result was a cost-effective solution to traditional construction. Mile End Youth Centre has been considered the future of inexpensive construction for buildings such as this one.
The awesome Riverside Building in London is a masterpiece of storage container recycling. This large office building is constructed out of a total of 73 used storage containers. It took only 8 days to piece together each container into a total of 22 office space units. Construction of this building was completed in 2005, and the result was a cost-effective office space and awesome views of the Thames River.
Check out this retro-looking prefabricated house located in the Austrian countryside. This inexpensive home was created by Espace Mobile who sell prefab homes like this one for between 55,000 and 95,000 Euros. Each one of these homes comes with a 3-year warranty, and each section of the house is 4 meters wide by 1-15 meters long. Each section can be pieced together to the customer's liking. This place offers spectacular views of the countryside through its floor-to-ceiling windows.
The Linx Shipping Container Shelter offers an innovative solution for temporary shelter applications, such as for construction workers. The shelter is made out of 20 foot long shipping container that can be stacked 2-stories high. The structure includes a kitchen, dining room, showers, bathrooms, office space, and sleeping areas – not exactly your average construction worker shelter!
Hybrid Seattle takes a highly stylized and creative approach to creating container architecture designs. Many of their works are, so far, purely academic exercises showing the potential possibilities of shipping container structures. However, they have built some small-scale modular housing units to test their theories and are in the process of developing a larger cargotecture housing project this year.
Lot-Ek is always on the cutting edge of strange and interesting architectural designs so it is no wonder they have their own visions of shipping container houses. Their solutions rely on a relatively simple external configuration that provides for more complex spatial possibilities on the interior of their structures. They are fully equipped with everything one would want in a home and lacking no luxury.
So if all of this got you somewhat more interested in the idea of having a shipping container structure of your own there are firms like Royal Wolf who create and sell reconstructed shipping containers. A lot of their applications are fairly low-tech (but thus also way more affordable) such as storage or work-site offices, refrigeration and so on. However, they have extensive experience creating living spaces, recreation rooms, kitchens, diners, workshops and more for private citizens and the military.
Abuse Amnesia
Definition:
Abuse Amnesia - Abuse Amnesia is a form of cognitive suppression where an abuse victim has trouble remembering episodes where their boundaries have been violated.
Description:
Abuse Amnesia is a strange occurrence which is common among people who have been chronically abused.
When a chronically abused person is interviewed or asked about how they are treated by the abusive person they are close to, they will often generalize a positive response.
This positive response could be interepreted as denial, but it is also likely that the abuse victim just doesn't remember all the things they have been through.
Abuse amnesia is a natural outcome of Confirmation Bias, where information which contradicts what a person wants to believe is neglected or forgotten quickly and information which confirms a belief is amplified and paid attention to.
Abuse amnesia is common in situations where a person is still invested in the success of the relationship and is "rooting for" the abuser to turn the corner, for the situation to improve and for the relationship to succeed.
It is common when an abuse victim is given an opportunity to talk at length about their experiences in a validating environment that they begin to remember traumatic events which they had previously forgotten.
One selling point in the recent sales marathon at One Buc Palace was noted by Bucs general manager Jason Licht. They expressed that free agents have so much respect for head coach Lovie Smith. One player who isn't in that club is Donald Penn.
The former Bucs left tackle and current Raiders offensive lineman took to the SiriusXM NFL Radio airwaves last night, just a few hours after inking their new deal with the Raiders, and under no uncertain terms let it be known how angry they are at Smith and Licht for booting him.
It wasn't so much that Penn was released that irked him. Penn admitted that is part of the “business.” But what rankled Penn was how their release, after eight hard years of work and over 100 consecutive starts, was conducted as if they were a lowly landscaper at One Buc Palace.
To hear Penn speak, Licht never even attempted to reach out to Penn's camp in order to rework their contract and allow Penn a chance to remain on the team, so Penn told Alex Marvez and Gil Brandt, co-hosts of “Late Hits.”
“The way Tampa did me left a bad taste in my mouth,” Penn said. “I kind of wish they were on the schedule, but they are not. I still appreciate my eight years there. I appreciate the owners and everyone that gave me a great opportunity. I built a relationship there. The way they did it at the end, it wasn't right in my book. “I'm a grown man and they could have treated me like a grown man. It's part of the business and there is a way to do business but I didn't like the way that they did it. … I've talked to Lovie twice since he's had the head coaching job and that was a month before free agency started. I talked to the o-line coach [George Warhop]; I talked to the o-line coach about two weeks before the start of free agency started and everything was great. It was good. They were telling me they looked forward to working with me. “Then I start seeing all of these reports that they are bringing in [Anthony] Collins for a visit. It is still in my head that they are bringing Collins in to play a different position because they had cut Davin [Joseph]. Then, that morning, the day they cut me, my phone was blowing up, that Collins agreed to a deal and how did I feel about that? I didn't say anything because I didn't know anything. I hadn't heard anything from the Bucs.”
In fact, Penn said, it wasn't until roughly 10 minutes before the Bucs held a press conference introducing Collins to the area that they learned they had been cut. The full details are in the recording below by just clicking on the orange arrow.
Also, Marvez asked Penn if they were going to lobby Raiders owner Mark Davis and Raiders' brass to bring in Josh Freeman as the next Raiders' quarterback, Penn chuckled and punted on the question.
SK went 3-0 in the Swiss group stage, taking the first playoff spot at IEM Sydney. To achieve that, the Brazilian side won against ViCi and two Danish teams, North and Astralis.
SK felt like the Inferno pick surprised Astralis
In the aftermath of their match against Astralis, HLTV.org caught up with Epitacio "TACO" de Melo to hear about improving Inferno, facing Gambit and their plans for the period leading up to the Major.
Starting with cs_summit that you won, how did that tournament go for you? Did the laid-back environment influence anything, since you've been struggling to win a tournament and the pressure was there?
The tournament was fine, the format was really fine for the players, it was really good to play the tournament. I think everybody liked the format. For us, it was a boost of confidence, we were struggling the last tournaments that we played at, IEM Katowice and StarLadder where we lost in group stages. So this was a boost of confidence and it was very important to us to win this tournament. In general, it was very good for us.
The grand final against Gambit was a good match, especially since no one expected much from that tournament, it was a decently close series. Tell me how you saw the final against Gambit?
In the winners' bracket, we won against Gambit pretty… cleanly, pretty fine for us. In the finals we didn't expect something hard, to be honest, but you have to give props to Gambit as well. They are a great team, improving a lot, they won DreamHack Austin. So it was a close grand final, we won 3-1, but the loss on Inferno was really important for us, because we figured out some mistakes that we fixed and we used that to win against Astralis now.
What is the general feeling coming to IEM Sydney, the opposition, what were your plans and preparation for this event?
Like I said, we used cs_summit, the matches, to figure out the mistakes, and then we used the last week to fix the mistakes we did at cs_summit. This week was very important for us, we practiced a lot, we practiced a lot on Train, Inferno and Overpass, maps we weren't that good on we worked a lot on after cs_summit.
You opened with ViCi, they had some good rounds and seemed competitive at the start, how did it go from your perspective?
To be honest, we had no idea how they were playing. It's a new style, we never practiced or played against them. At the beginning, we were kinda surprised as well, but during the game we were fine. They lack experience still, they have potential, Chinese teams, Asian teams, they have potential, I hope we will see more Chinese and Asian teams playing international tournaments.
Against North you played on Cobblestone again, what was the struggle there on T side, you came back on CT?
We played against North many times in the recent tournaments and we won Cobblestone many times against them as well, I don't know why they let us play Cobble against them. I think both sides could've won the game, we lost pistol rounds, ecos, rounds we should not have lost. In the end, I think the result was fair, they are a really good team as well, but on Cobble I think we are 12-0 now and it's a really good map for us.
At the end of the map, we saw you with the AWP on B platform, that's the place you seem to AWP on the most. You had that great round that sealed the deal in a way - tell me a bit about your AWPing, why do you AWP only in that position it seems like?
Since felps joined our team, we had to switch some positions, and the positions I'm holding now, I'm free to buy the AWP. So, A on Cache I can buy the AWP, Cobblestone platform I can play the AWP.
When I feel comfortable to do something I will try to practice being better and will do that thing. I think playing the AWP is amazing, we can play the dual AWP, me and FalleN, depends on the map, sometimes it's coldzera and FalleN, on Inferno felps tried it as well. When I think something is good I'll try it in practice and do it to help out my team and I think it worked out well.
The last match, you already mentioned it, was the one against Astralis. How confident were you in the Inferno pick, were you happy with the veto?
I think the advantage for us was that we knew that we were going to play Inferno, but they didn't. I'm pretty sure that they thought that we don't play Inferno or we are bad on Inferno. But actually, as I said, we spent the last week practicing Inferno a lot, fixing the mistakes we did at cs_summit. I think we lost eco rounds, both pistol rounds… I think we played better and the result was fair in the end, we played better than Astralis.
Looking forward, you are announced at DreamHack Summer, what is the plan for that period leading up to the Major?
We are going to play the ESL Pro League S5 Finals in Dallas next and after that we are going to boot camp in Europe leading up to ESL One Cologne and the Major. We are improving, we are a good team, but I think Astralis is the best team right now. I think it's important to know that we are not the best team in the world anymore and that we have to work harder than ever.
We are going to use DreamHack to practice, to clean up our mistakes. I think IEM Sydney will help as well, of course, we want to win this tournament, that is our main goal here, but if it doesn't happen it's OK. We are going to work, see what went wrong and go to the next tournaments better prepared.
North Carolina lawmakers got the first granular look at the state's Medicaid program in 20 years, showing the program's improving financial condition but continuing major debts to medical providers.
The audit found the Medicaid fund balance was $350 million in the red for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014—almost $59 million better than a year earlier.
State Auditor Beth Wood presented the financial report to a General Assembly oversight committee that requested it in October, along with audits of other state agencies, including the Department of Public Instruction. The Department of Health and Human Services, which spends $18 billion annually, accounts for the state's biggest expenses.
“When you start your budgeting process and you're looking at what this document gives you, it gives you not only what we spent, but what we owe next year,” Wood said.
State budget writers will be able to “know what the true expenses for a year are, not just the cash that we put out the door.”
State lawmakers have been grappling for years with the Division of Medical Assistance, which runs Medicaid and costs for than $13 billion per year. Republican leaders in the House of Representatives have supported a plan to restructure the program within the health department while their Senate counterparts say they want to create a new agency dedicated to administering it.
(Emma Sulkowicz: Andrew Burton/Getty)
Yes, there are victims of America's alleged college “rape crisis.” There are the women who are actually raped — who experience among the worst of crimes and live with the psychological and sometimes physical consequences for the rest of their lives. But there are also other victims, people whose lives are ruined by false accusations, with reputations destroyed in the quest to prove a larger narrative — that America's college campuses are uniquely dangerous places for American women.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Three recently filed lawsuits show the other side of the “rape crisis,” how the media glosses over ambiguity to advance an agenda, creating heroes out of potential liars and villains out of the possibly innocent. I say “potential” and “possible” because in the real world, ambiguity is common and clarity is rare. But It's difficult to create a crisis out of confusion, so agenda-driven “journalists” manufacture clarity, no matter the cost.
The three most prominent campus rape stories of the past year — Columbia University's “mattress” protest, the Rolling Stone hoax, and former Florida State University quarterback Jameis Winston's alleged assault — are now the subject of three unusual lawsuits. Each lawsuit directly challenges rape narratives that the plaintiffs claim were deeply harmful to their reputations, finances, and emotional well-being.
RELATED: Campus Rape and the ‘Emergency': It's Always an Excuse for Totalitarianism
The first, brought by Columbia University student Paul Nungesser, accuses Columbia University of essentially collaborating in a campaign of retaliation and harassment against them when Emma Sulkowicz launched their now-famous “mattress” campaign to draw attention the university's alleged failure to convict Nungesser of sexual assault. The lawsuit makes for shocking and sobering reading — shocking because the mainstream media's account of Sulkowicz's alleged ordeal glossed over an ocean of ambiguity and doubt about their own account of the alleged assault. Nungesser may or may not have assaulted Sulkowicz (a campus court cleared them of any wrongdoing and police declined to pursue charges), but to describe them as a “victim” or “survivor” was to presume Nungesser's guilt, a presumption that flies in the face of substantial evidence. Nungesser's suit alleges that Columbia violated its own policies to collaborate in their public shaming — essentially disregarding its own adjudication to destroy Nungesser and preserve the “rape crisis” narrative.
To describe them as a “victim” or “survivor” was to presume Nungesser's guilt, a presumption that flies in the face of substantial evidence.
The suit is sobering as well, laying bare — through copious social-media messages — the personal lives of students unmoored to any coherent code of sexual morality, where alcohol plays an outsized role and sexual connections are casually created but have meaningful and long-lasting consequences. Such an environment offers the perfect formula for hurt, confusion, and rage.
Advertisement
Jameis Winston's highly unusual counterclaim — filed after former Florida State student Erica Kinsman sued Winston — also introduces complexity to a media storyline dominated by critiques of police and university processes. But the dominant media narrative — star athlete gets away with rape after a flawed investigation — is far too simplistic. Winston outlines shifting stories, notes the multiple, independent investigators who found in their favor, and provides a financial motive for Kinsman's accusations — a demand for $7 million in compensation.
Advertisement
RELATED: Fighting Against ‘Rape Culture' Means Never Having to Say You're Sorry
The final lawsuit, recently filed by University of Virginia dean Nicole Eramo against Rolling Stone after the magazine cast them as a principal villain in Sabrina Rubin Erdely's now-discredited blockbuster tale of rape and cover-up at UVA, is in some ways the most poignant. Dean Eramos isn't an accused rapist, she's a person who has dedicated their professional life to working within a highly imperfect university system to help victims. Yet Rolling Stone and Erdely accused them of discouraging police reports, discouraging “Jackie” (the alleged victim) from sharing their story, and withholding statistics because they didn't want UVA to be seen as a “rape school.” These claims, if true, would mean that Eramo didn't just abuse their office, they turned its very purpose on its head — using it to harm victims and protect the university at all costs.
Advertisement
RELATED: Fear of Facts: Rolling Stone's Negligence Is Just Part of a Larger Problem of Media Bias in Sexual-Assault Cases
Eramo's lawsuit clearly and methodically lays out the case against Rolling Stone, exposing how Erdely had a reputation for fabrication even before writing the story of “Jackie,” how they hunted for just the “right” victim and then refused to check the facts when the facts were just too good to check. The suit exposes how Rolling Stone went so far as to doctor photographs to make Eramo look like a callous villain willing to give the “thumbs up” sign even to weeping victims of sexual assault. The suit also lays out how Rolling Stone doubled down on its flawed reporting by continuing to promote the story even in the face of known, substantial doubts.
The “crisis” is the same crisis faced by prosecutors since time immemorial: Rape cases are among the most difficult to prove.
These cases have barely begun, but their claims bolster an alternative, competing narrative about sexual assault on campus — that it's simply not true that universities or the police turn a blind eye to alleged rape. When the facts and evidence are clear, rapists are prosecuted. The “crisis” is the same crisis faced by prosecutors since time immemorial: Rape cases are among the most difficult to prove, and no amount of ideology-fueled wishful thinking can clear memories fogged by alcohol or reconcile the different perceptions of people navigating all the complexities of the most intimate of human interactions.
Nowhere has the sexual revolution triumphed more completely than on America's college campuses. Yet instead of creating a sexual utopia, colleges are awash in hurt, anger, and confusion. No amount of ideological crusading can change the facts of human nature or change the facts of actual cases involving real human beings. (Indeed, college-age women are safer on campus than off.) But ideological crusades do create collateral damage — and now the targets of the crusade are fighting back. Can the crusade survive the court system? Only time will tell.
Advertisement
— David French is an attorney and a staff writer at National Review.
Are you wasting your time? Many people will admit that they get irritated when other people end up wasting their time, this can be times you are in a queue and the lady in front seems to have endless questions or when someone places an order for your products only to find out they have gone with an alternative choice after you have prepared your delivery. The bottom line is that many people will not be happy if their time is wasted.
How important is time? Well, we don't like people wasting our time, how effectively do we manage the time we have control over? There are many ways you can end up wasting your time, and the good news is you can make an effort to avoid these situations.
I have compiled a list of unnecessary actions that will essentially make you end up wasting your time, and what you can do to avoid this from happening.
1. Keeping busy with unnecessary activities
It is easy to immerse yourself in an activity you enjoy rather than share quality time with your best friend or other loved ones. These activities in many cases rarely add value to your life but the distraction will make you become distanced from your loved ones missing out quality moments that might never be had again. It is the little things that matter, those short moments of laughter that leave the best memories. Give up being selfish, allow others into your life, go for long walks, find out their worries and how you can help, make other people feel loved and you will also feel loved.
2. Having a tight schedule always
The truth is you will make out time for things that matter to you. Plan your time to have some free moments you can share with your loved ones. This is one of the important things in a relationship. Make time in as many evenings a possible to be with your loved ones. You can always create time for this and it is equally rewarding.
3. Stop being negative
You will be amazed at how just being negative can lead you to waste your time. When you dwell on your problems, you become stagnant and inactive, thus wasting time that should be spent making the changes you want in your life. Learn to look at the brighter side of life, smile more, and find a friend to talk about your worries. It is never the end of the road except you say it is.
4. Avoid negative and bitter people
These people will make you feel bad about yourself and others. Never get stuck in negativity, look forward always, there so much you can still do- be positive.
5. Bothering about your wants
Don't waste your time worrying about what you don't have yet. This vacuum will create the chance to dream about it till you can eventually get it. Stop wasting your time thinking about this especially because many people are out there envying you for what you already have. Click next for more….
The escalating death toll from the powerful 7.9 magnitude earthquake that ravaged central China on Monday is the greatest loss of life from natural causes in more than three decades in the country, according to numerous accounts.
But it wasn't ground motion, structural engineers point out, but buckling walls, ceilings and floors that killed virtually all the estimated 15,000 victims in the region, with thousands more still trapped under rubble.
“The root cause is a natural disaster,” said Mark Ketchum, a structural engineer with OPAC Consulting Engineers in San Francisco. “But it's not the ground shaking that's killing people. It's collapsing buildings.”
As the death toll continues to soar from the earthquake that violently rocked China's Sichuan province, the scale of the devastation is raising questions about the quality of government oversight of China's recent construction boom, and its inspection practices over the past decades.
“This building is just a piece of junk,” one newly homeless resident of Dujiangyan yelled Wednesday, their body quivering with rage. Them family salvaged clothing and mementos from their wrecked apartment, built when their older home was razed 10 years ago.
After four days of viewing news images from the stricken region, structural engineers around the Bay Area expressed dismay at the extraordinary toll on human life from the failure of buildings that were built either under outdated construction standards or with lax oversight.
“A 7.9 earthquake will cause some loss of life, but it doesn't have to trap 900 children in a school or kill (thousands of) people. We can prepare better than that,” said Dan Shapiro, a San Francisco structural engineer and a member of the California Seismic Safety Commission from 1995 to 2007.
Three decades of high-paced growth have remade China, with stunning showcase metropolises like Beijing and Shanghai as well as country towns transformed into small cities. But as the widespread devastation from Monday's quake shows, the pell-mell pace tempted some builders to cut corners.
“This new economy in China is not going up safely, it's going up fast, and the two don't go together,” said Roger Bilham, a professor of geological sciences at the University of Colorado, Boulder.
“You look at the buildings that fell and they should not have fallen,” they said. “This is a story that has been repeated throughout the developing nations.”
Shapiro, who has visited Asia, said they suspect many of the buildings that collapsed in China are rigid concrete structures built with few, if any, seismic safety features that impart sufficient strength and malleability to hold up under earthquakes.
The buildings are called “nonductile concrete frame structures” and they collapse under severe shaking, they said.
“Those things are just disasters waiting to happen,” Shapiro said, noting that in developing countries, these kinds of structures are still commonly constructed, “although they know better.”
New buildings in Beijing — like the signature “Bird's Nest” National Stadium for this August's Olympics — are built to exacting codes to withstand earthquakes.
But “anti-earthquake standards are not as strict in places like Sichuan as in Shanghai,” said Ren Bing, an architectural designer at Hong Kong-based China Construction International Co.
“China has been taking earthquake safety very seriously in the past 10 to 20 years,” noted Susan Tubbesing, head of the Oakland-based Earthquake Engineering Research Institute. “From what I understand, the codes China has adopted in the past 20 years have been good, solid, seismic codes.”
Tubbesing said their organization is preparing to send a team to China, once it gets clearance, to analyze the causes behind the devastation, and gain a better understanding of building construction standards in the country.
“We send teams after all major earthquakes,” Tubbesing explained. “The results of that have changed our own codes and procedures.”
Construction standards in China can be a sensitive issue in a country where millions have been forced out of their homes to make way for urban renewal projects. A professor of engineering at Shanghai's Tongji University refused to discuss the issue Wednesday, saying it was too “touchy.”
But a commentary in Wednesday's state-run China Daily did question the staggering death toll, especially in schools wrecked by the quake.
“We cannot afford not to raise uneasy questions about the structural quality of school buildings,” the newspaper said, suggesting an investigation might find builders to blame.
At least 2,000 children are missing and feared dead after their schools collapsed because of China's strongest earthquake in 58 years.
While some primary and middle schools in Chengdu, capital of the quake-stricken southwest Sichuan province, resumed classes yesterday, rescuers are still trying to find 900 children buried in the remains of Juyuan Middle School in Dujiangyan, near the epicenter of the quake.
Only about 200 children escaped when the four-story building, which was built 10 years ago, collapsed. Shoddy workmanship is blamed for the building's failure.
In nearby Mianyang, at least 1,000 students and teachers are dead or missing after Beichuan Middle School's main building collapsed, according to the official Xinhua News Agency.
Shapiro said K-12 schools in California, along with community colleges, would remain standing even after an equally powerful earthquake.
In 1933, the state passed the landmark Field Act, which established the strictest seismic safety standards nationwide for public school construction.
“I don't envision anything like that happening in California today,” they said.
But they cautioned that a small percentage of school buildings, built before nonductile concrete construction was banned for public school construction in California, still pose a risk.
Tubbesing, with Oakland's Earthquake Engineering Research Institute, agreed that modern schools built to Field Act standards will hold up.
“But we think there are a percentage that are very risky,” Tubbesing emphasized.
They said the California Department of General Services maintains a list of the public schools with these older, unsafe buildings.
“Schools can get that information easily,” they added. “They just haven't asked for it in many cases.”
Contact Suzanne Bohan at sbohan@bayareanewsgroup.com. The Associated Press and Bloomberg News contributed to this report.
I wanted to start the first official day of Dragon*Con in a different way from previous years by attending to an event with more substance. So, after having breakfast I walked to the Hilton Atlanta to attend the panel offered by the Science Track called “Everything Stem Cells” presented by Michael Gilkey. It was both refreshing and revealing and I enjoyed it very much, still I left early in order to catch the last minutes of the “Welcome Panel” offered by the Comics and Pop Art Track at the Hyatt. I got there just in time to catch the last minutes of Kelly Sue DeConnick's speech. She's the writer of such comic books as, Captain Marvel (the Carol Danvers version) and Avengers Assemble, wonderful woman.
Afterwards I found myself walking into a Marvel Mutants Photoshoot where I didn't waste any time taking some photos. One of my favorite cosplayers the beautiful Gillykins was there in their classic Scarlett Witch cosplay. There was also this most excellent X-Force (1990's version) cosplay group. Around midday I found my friend Freya Fólkvangr whom I met last year. This time they were wearing their Warrior Woman (from The Road Warrior movie) cosplay.
Early in the evening I headed to the Artist Alley where I was able to achieve a long time goal of mine. I met the legendary Mike Grell, a comic book artist who is well known for their work in titles like Superboy and The Legion of Superheroes, Warlord, Green Lantern/Green Arrow (DC Comics) to name a few. They have to their credit creating Jon Sable, Freelance (First Comics).  They are also one of the two artists (the other being Curt Swan who died on June 17, 1996) who worked on the very first Superman comic that I ever read in my life, Action Comics #450. I read this comic first in a Spanish translated version and in 2004 I found and bought a copy of the original version which I took to Dragon*Con for them to sign which they did.
I also had the good luck of meeting another famous comic book artist, Tim Sale.  They are famous for their collaborations with writer Jeph Loeb among them I can mention from the top of my head such classics as; Batman: The Long Halloween, Superman For All Seasons & Batman: Dark Victory. They signed my copy of Captain America: White #0.
Later in the evening I managed to snuck inside the Cult Classics of the 80's with Cary Elwes (Princess Bride, Robin Hood: Men in Tights) and C. Thomas Howell (The Outsiders). It was quite fun seeing them in action. There was even a guy from the audience (cosplaying Elwes's character from Robin Hood) who got onstage to help Cary sing the lyrics of “Men in Tights”.
Around 3:20 PM I went back to my hotel to rest a bit and put on my Clark Kent cosplay. This would be the first and only time that I did cosplay at Dragon*Con this year. I simply couldn't stand the heat. That costume was making me sweat a lot. Once I was ready I went back to The Marriot and saw part of the Friday Night Costuming Contest. This particular contest had an emphasis on workmanship. I left the contest early and headed to the Marriot's Atrium Level which during Dragon*Con is pretty much the main spot to see the costumers show off their creations. Around 10:00 PM I called it a night and returned to my room at the Omni to get a good night sleep in order of getting ready for the parade on Saturday morning.
Advertisements
Research Frontiers Press Release Dated January 7, 2016 CONTINENTAL CORPORATION SHOWCASES ITS INTELLIGENT GLASS CONTROL SYSTEM USING SPD-SMARTGLASS TECHNOLOGY AT CES 2016
Get notified next time REFR.US makes a similar move!
The following excerpt is from the company's SEC filing.
SPD-SmartGlass Automotive Windows offer Comfort, Efficiency, Safety and Security Benefits
Las Vegas, NV – January 7, 2016.
Research Frontiers (Nasdaq: REFR) confirmed today that Continental Corporation, one of the world's top five automotive suppliers, is showcasing its “Intelligent Glass Control” system on a demonstration vehicle at a special event at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas from January 6-9, 2016. This vehicle, a Ford Mondeo station wagon, uses Research Frontiers' patented SPD-SmartGlass technology to enable the glass in all eleven side and rear windows and in the top sunv isor portion of the windshield to change its transparency and darken instantly through electric control signals. This increases passenger comfort, energy efficiency, safety and security.
Continental's “Intelligent Glass Control” system on a Demonstration Vehicle
at CES 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada
Joseph M. Harary, President and CEO of Research Frontiers, the company which invented SPD-SmartGlass technology and has licensed it throughout the world for use in the automotive, aircraft, architectural, marine and museum industries noted: “Here at CES we are seeing a heightened presence of smart homes, and now with Continental's Intelligent Glass Control system, truly smart vehicles using SPD-SmartGlass.”
Continental indicated that its Intelligent Glass Control system increases passenger comfort and lowers CO2 emissions by keeping the interior of the vehicle cooler. As a result, smaller, more efficient and lighter air conditioning units could be used. Calculations showed a reduction in CO2 emissions of four grams per kilometer. Continental also estimates that their Intelligent Glass Control system can increase the driving range of electric vehicles by 5.5%. When compared to conventional automotive glass, Mercedes-Benz reported that the use of SPD-SmartGlass significantly reduces the temperature inside the vehicle by up to 18ºF/10ºC.
Continental also highlighted the safety benefits of its Intelligent Glass Control system in typical driving situations such as when the sun is low on the horizon. Normally the driver's hand instinctively goes from the steering wheel to the sun visor, resulting in both impaired visibility and a brief decrease in control of the vehicle. Continentals Intelligent Glass Control system can detect this in advance and darken the car windows automatically before the event even occurs.
Continentals Intelligent Glass Control system also enhances security and privacy. For example, when the vehicle is parked, the windows darken automatically so the inside of the vehicle cannot be seen from the outside. This also protects the interior of vehicles and their occupants from heat, light and UV radiation.
Continental noted that up until now, this kind of variable tinting technology has only been available in the roof area of high-end cars, such as Mercedes-Benzs Magic Sky Control system offered on the SLK and SL roadsters, the S-Class Coupe, the Maybach, and most recently the popular S-Class sedan. Now, Continental says it is ready to be used on all windows in a vehicle.
For more information about the Intelligent Glass Control system, please read the press release from Continental Corporation. More information about SPD-SmartGlass can be found at SmartGlass.com and in this video.
About Continental Corporation
Continental ranks among the top five automotive suppliers worldwide. As a supplier of brake systems, systems and components for powertrains and chassis, instrumentation, infotainment solutions, vehicle electronics, tires and technical elastomers, Continental contributes to enhanced driving safety and global climate protection. Continental is also a supply partner in networked automobile communication. The Continental Corporation is divided into the Automotive Group and the Rubber Group, and consists of five divisions. Chassis & Safety, Powertrain, Interior, Tires and ContiTech.
About Research Frontiers Inc.
Research Frontiers (Nasdaq: REFR) is the developer of SPD-Smart light-control technology which allows users to instantly, precisely and uniformly control the shading of glass or plastic, either manually or automatically. Research Frontiers has built an infrastructure of over 40 licensed companies that collectively are capable of serving the growing global demand for smart glass products in automobiles, homes, buildings, museums, aircraft and boats. For more information, please visit our website at www.SmartGlass.com, and on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube.
For further information about SPD-Smart light-control technology, please contact:
Joseph M. Harary
+1-516-364-1902
info@SmartGlass.com
Note: From time to time Research Frontiers may issue forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties. This press release contains forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ and are not guaranteed. Any forward-looking statements should be considered accordingly. "SPD-Smart" and SPD-SmartGlass are trademarks of Research Frontiers Inc. MAGIC SKY CONTROL, Mercedes-Benz, Mercedes-Maybach, and model designations SLC, SLK, SL and S-Class are trademarks of Daimler A.G.
The above information was disclosed in a filing to the SEC. To see the filing, click here.
To receive a free e-mail notification whenever Research Frontiers Incorporated makes a similar move, sign up!
Other recent filings from the company include the following:
Research Frontiers: Material Science Company Gauzy Announces Second Factory In STUTTGART GERMANY TO PRODUCE RESEARCH FRONTIERS' SPD-SMART LIGHT CONTROL FILM FOR THE SMART GLASS INDUSTRY - Feb. 4, 2019
Mazzarri 'living in Manchester'
By Football Italia staff
Former Inter Coach Walter Mazzarri “is living in Manchester with an English family and studying Premier League teams.”
The ex-Napoli boss was sacked by Inter in November 2014 and is still on the club's pay-roll.
They have repeatedly been linked with jobs in the Premier League and made no secret of their interest in the English game.
“He left Italy and flew to England, but did not choose London, where there are always too many Italians around,” consultant Giampiero Timossi told calciomercato.com.
“Instead, they went to Manchester, where two great teams play and within 20 minutes they can reach Liverpool to calmly watch the Reds or even Everton.
“Mazzarri left for England in March with their friend Antonio Finco, a journalist and writer. They wanted to learn English and therefore widen their options on the market.
“Manchester is perfect for Mazzarri. They moved to the city in June, lives with an English family and has a special teacher, Sean Warren, who introduced an innovative method to teach the language to young foreigners in the Red Devils academy.”
Irish people developed their red hair because of a lack of sunlight, according to new research from a leading DNA lab.
Irish people developed their red hair because of a lack of sunlight, according to new research from a leading DNA lab.
Irelands DNA has revealed that one in 10 Irish people have red hair but it is thought that up to half the population could be carrying the redhead gene even though they are blonde or brunette.
The DNA laboratory carrying out research into the flame-haired gene believes it is so associated with Ireland and Scotland because it is connected to a lack of vitamin D, which is related to the lack of sunlight.
It is thought Ireland, Scotland and northern England have the highest concentration of Titian-haired people in the world because the Celtic colouring is genetically programmed to work better in our sun-starved countries.
"It's to do with the cloudy climate," said Helen Moffat, marketing manager at IrelandsDNA.
"Scandinavia has perhaps less hours of sunshine but Ireland and Britain are much cloudier so the vitamin D we get is much lower in comparison to somewhere like Scandinavia where they seem to have more sunshine.
"The fairer you are, the more vitamin D you can absorb. Red hair is associated with fair skin due to the lower melanin concentration and this has advantages as more vitamin D can be absorbed."
Alastair Moffat, managing director of the genetic research laboratory, said two of the most common redhead gene variants came from just two Asian people 70,000 years ago.
IrelandsDNA, which focuses on probing people's heritage, has developed a new test that allows parents to see if they might have red-haired children.
They are hoping the test – which will show that many brunette and blondes unknowingly carry the redhead gene – will curb the prejudice and teasing some redheads face.
In Ireland 10 per cent of people are redheads while in Scotland up to 13 per cent have red hair and in England six per cent have red hair.
This is considerably higher than in the rest of the world. Outside Europe, only .06 per cent of people are redheaded.
For a child to have red hair, both parents must be carriers – but neither of them have to have red hair – and then there is still only a 25 per cent chance that their offspring will have it.
Irish Independent
Zanu-PF on Sunday recalled President Robert Mugabe as Zanu-PF leader and gave them a deadline of midday on Monday to leave the presidency.
JOHANNESBURG - Robert Mugabe has addressed the people of Zimbabwe but did not resign as the leader of the country.
The address was made just hours after the ruling Zanu-PF party recalled the 93-year-old as Zanu-PF leader and gave them a deadline of midday on Monday to leave the presidency.
This follows a military takeover of government last week and a nationwide march demanding Mugabe to step down on Saturday.
It had been widely expected that Mugabe would announce their decision to step down this evening after 37 years of rule.
The elderly statesman, addressing the nation in a special broadcast, says that a meeting with the military leaders on Sunday has made them aware of issues that need to be addressed in the country.
Mugabe says that army intervention was "triggered by concerns arising from their reading of the state of affairs in the country and in the ruling Zanu-PF party".
#Zimbabwe Mugabe says they happy that pillars of state are still functional- and they note that comradeship prevails.... — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) November 19, 2017
#Zimbabwe Mugabe says the economy was discussed during talks with all involved.... — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) November 19, 2017
#Zimbabwe Mugabe says there must be a net return to the guiding principles of the party.... — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) November 19, 2017
#Zimbabwe Mugabe says party cannot be governed by vengeance or bitterness — this would not make better party members or better Zimbabwe... — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) November 19, 2017
#Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe finishes their speech with no mention of resignation... — EWN Reporter (@ewnreporter) November 19, 2017
Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was fired as vice president earlier this month, has been reinstated as interim president and first secretary of the party pending ratification at the party's December congress.  They are also the party's nominee to take over as president of the country.
Vice president Phelekezela Mphoko has been recalled from their position for being divisive.
Mugabe's wife, Grace, has been recalled as secretary of the Zanu-PF women's league and has been expelled from the party, along with Johathan Moyo and Walter Mzembe, Saviour Kasukuwere, Patrick Zhuwao, and Ignatius Chombo, who are all members of the so-called G40 cabal supporting Grace Mugabe.
UPDATE: Police identify suspect in shooting outside Cinco de Mayo Festival
Portland police have arrested a man suspected of shooting a 19-year-old Tuesday evening outside of the Cinco de Mayo Festival in Governor Tom McCall Waterfront Park and then boarding a MAX train to escape.
Officers detained the 20-year-old suspected shooter at the Rose Quarter Transit Station, Sgt. Pete Simpson said.
They were taken into custody as the police investigation continues, Simpson said. Transit police had earlier stopped MAX trains near Skidmore Fountain and the Rose Quarter to search for the suspect.
The shooting happened about 5:30 p.m. along the seawall north of the Morrison Bridge, just outside of the festival, Simpson said. It followed a dispute, but it wasn't clear what the dispute was about.
The shooting may be gang-related, but that's not yet confirmed, they said.
The victim ran into the festival to ask for help from a security guard, Simpson said. Their injuries were not life-threatening, and they were conscious as they were taken to the hospital, said Portland Fire & Rescue spokesperson Lt. Rich Tyler.
Although there were initial reports that another person was also injured, it appears no one else was hurt, Simpson said. It's not clear which direction the shots were fired.
Gates to the festival were briefly closed while police got a handle on the situation. By 6 p.m., crowds flowed normally and hardly any attention was paid to police.
-- Carli Brosseau
cbrosseau@oregonian.com
503-294-5121; @carlibrosseau
Teresa Giudice Sentenced to Prison for 15 Months
Teresa Giudice -- Sentenced to Prison for 15 Months
Breaking News
has just been sentenced to prison for 15 months ... they were hysterical, but it could have been a lot worse for her.She will begin serving the sentence January 5. She'll complete their sentence and then Joe will begin his.Teresa made a plea to the judge to give their house arrest instead of time behind bars so they could care for their kids. Them husband Joe will spend 41 months behind bars , and they say their 4 kids will have to be split up among their relatives if they both serve.But the judge said the sentences would be staggered, so when one is in prison, the other can perform parental duties.Before sentencing ... Teresa begged the judge for leniency, saying they are in a deep depression and their life is now ruined. They say all they care about is their kids and they have no interest anymore in TV shows.She also said they didn't care about handbags ... a reference to the fact that they were photographed last month with a really expensive bag when they were monkeying around with bankruptcy.The judge wasn't buying it, saying ... "I need to send a message. In the eyes of the law it doesn't matter who you are. There are consequences to pay."Both Teresa and Joe were convicted of wire and bankruptcy fraud. According to the sentencing guidelines, Teresa should have received a sentence of 21 - 27 months. Prosecutors recommended 21 -- saying if the judge wasn't hard it would show being famous counts. Nonetheless the judge went way more lenient.
While my goal was to be “Portal-themed,” I'm still such a sucker for modern art, my goal was to still try to keep a clean look with all the furniture. Thankfully, I already had most of the furniture, and didn't buy anything specifically to match the “Portal room.” Any furniture I had/bought, I got because I like the modern/black look.
This collection is called “Prepac Brisbane Collection.” When I initially purchased my furniture, I was able to get a twin-sized frame, the headboard, the foot-storage (although the one I got was a bit longer than what they sell in the collection now), a nightstand, and the dresser, through Walmart.com, all for $500.
But obviously, the twin-sized frame had been what I bought when I was living in a smaller apartment with less space, and now that I had a place of my own, could finally upgrade.
I looked for weeks and weeks to find a nice basic platform bed (it's hard to find one that isn't too large or expensive). I finally found one that I liked at Ikea:
This IKEA Malm bed frame cost $200 ($150 + $50 for the bed slats, as IKEA likes to do). They had this style in a low and high frame-style. I chose the low-style, because I thought it helped make the room look larger, and worked better with having the Chell poster centered above it.
So furniture-wise, I had the queen-size platform frame, one nightstand, one dresser, and the foot-locker-storage thing, which I slightly altered:
I cut out foam board squares, then sketched out various Portal “warning signs” (Which I see everywhere in-game), then got some cheap bookends from Walmart, and taped them to the bookends.
Unfortunately, throughout this design process, I never came up with a satisfactory “Companion cube” for my room, so for now I settled with a “Falling cube” warning sign (it's not quite a companion cube, but it's better than nothing I suppose!)
And that's all for the furniture!
Designers use rounded corners so much today that they're more of an industry standard than a design trend. Not only are they found on software user interfaces, but hardware product designs as well. So what is it about rounded corners that make them so popular? Indeed they look appealing, but there's more to it than that.
Rounded Corners Appear Less Bright
Anyone can appreciate the aesthetic beauty of rounded corners, but not everyone can explain where exactly that beauty comes from. The answer to that is literally in your eye.
Some experts say that rectangles with rounded corners are easier on the eyes than a rectangle with sharp edges because they take less cognitive effort to visually process. The fovea is fastest at processing circles. Processing edges involve more “neuronal image tools” in the brain [1]. Thus, rectangles with rounded corners are easier process because they look closer to a circle than a regular rectangle.
Scientific research done on corners by the Barrow Neurological Institute found that the “perceived salience of a corner varies linearly with the angle of the corner. Sharp angles generated stronger illusory salience than shallow angles” [2]. In other words, the sharper the corner, the brighter it appears. And the brighter a corner appears, the harder it is to look at.
Which object is easier to look at?
We're Conditioned for Rounded Corners
Another explanation on why we have an eye for rounded corners is because they're more organic to how we use everyday objects in the physical world [3]. Rounded corners are everywhere. And as children, we quickly learn that sharp corners hurt and that rounded corners are safer. That's why when a child plays with a ball, most parents aren't alarmed.
But if a child were to play with a fork, the parents would take the fork away for the fear of the child hurting itself. This provokes what neuroscience calls an “avoidance response” with sharp edges. Thus, we tend to “avoid sharp edges because in nature, they can present a threat” [4].
Which object would you trust with your child?
Rounded Corners Make Information Easier to Process
Rounded corners are more effective for maps and diagrams because they allow our eyes to easily follow lines “as it suits better to the natural movement of the head and eyes respectively” [5]. Sharp corners throw your eyes off the path of the line so you end up experiencing abrupt pauses when the line changes direction. But with rounded corners, the line leads your eyes around each corner to continue along the path smoothly.
Which diagram is easier for your eyes to follow?
Rounded corners also make effective content containers. This is because the rounded corners point inward towards the center of the rectangle. This puts the focus on the contents inside the rectangle. It also makes it easy to see which side belongs to which rectangle when two rectangles are next to each other.
Sharp corners point outward putting less focus on the contents inside the rectangle. They also make it hard to tell which of the two sides belong to which rectangle when two rectangles are next to each other. This is because each rectangle side is exactly a straight line. The sides of a rounded rectangle are unique because the lines curve towards the rectangle it belongs to.
Final Thoughts
There are more to rounded corners than meets the eye. Rounded corners are not only easier for our eyes to process, but they also make information easier to process. There's no doubt that rounded corners are appealing. But these extra reasons make them even more appealing to use. When you talk to a client about rounded corners, you'll now have something more to say than it just looks good.
References
[1] Realizations of Rounded Rectangles
[2] Corner salience varies linearly with corner angle during ﬂicker-augmented contrast
[3] Why Do We Love Rounded Corners?
[4] NeuroFocus Study Reveals What Went Wrong With the Gap's New Brand Logo
[5] FMC Visualization Guidelines
Books
Toolkits
One of the goals for the Toronto Maple Leafs recently when drafting a player is to avoid potential risk and take a skater who could be an asset down the road for the club. Now, an asset to a team can be useful in numerous ways, especially as trade bait, but it would be nice if one of those assets were able to crack the roster of the blue and white someday. The only problem is that, with their draft history, the Leafs have struggled to turn these supposed assets into quality talent for the team. Since the 2004-05 lockout, the only draft picks (outside first round selections Luke Schenn, Nazem Kadri, and Morgan Rielly) to make any sort of lasting impact in Toronto were Carl Gunnarsson and James Reimer.
This isn't going to be a piece that bashes the drafting history of the Maple Leafs, but instead a piece to look at recent draft choices who just may be able to prove their worth to management and the fans in LeafsNation.
At the moment, the Leafs forward lines look something like this:
James van Riemsdyk – Tyler Bozak – Phil Kessel
Joffrey Lupul – Nazem Kadri – David Clarkson
Leo Komarov – Mike Santorelli – ???
??? – ??? – ???
It is very unlikely any changes happen among the first two lines. The chemistry and point production between JVR-Bozak-Kessel has made them a lock to play together again next season. The second line could change, but barring a trade for another offensively gifted player (unlikely as the Leafs are nearing the salary cap), it is likely this line could stay together. Also, Komarov and Santorelli were brought to Toronto to help with their dreadful penalty kill. After that though, the final spot on the third line and the entire fourth line remain open.
The most likely options would see the recently re-acquired Matt Frattin on that third line, with a fourth line that could feature Troy Bodie (who has easily made Colton Orr expendable) and free agent signing Petri Kontiola moved to the wing between Peter Holland. Nothing is set in stone though, so here are a few younger prospects who will be competing for roster spots come September.
Prospects who Could Crack Leafs Roster
William Nylander – The scouting report on the Leafs first round pick this past June is that they have a tremendous offensive upside. Nylander has said that they want to be a Maple Leaf next season, though unless they play on one of the top two lines, it would be a mistake to waste their offensive talents by rushing them onto a team to play third/fourth line minutes. Plus, Clarkson should be given another chance. Fans were upset when the highly paid Clarkson did not produce, but what do you expect when they played the majority of the season on the third line with Nikolai Kulemin and Holland/Trevor Smith (not to mention no PP time) after playing the past two years with the likes of Ilya Kovalchuk and Zach Parise (with PP time included).
Frederik Gauthier – When the Leafs selected the 6'5 centerman in June 2013, they were already projecting they would be a third-line center. While the hulking center from the QMJHL's Rimouski Oceanic saw their offensive numbers decline in 2013-14, reports say the Leafs are impressed by the improvement in their two-way game. They will likely have to compete with Holland and Smith for a roster spot, but after a solid playoff with Rimouski, if they can play well in the rookie camp and pre-season, Gauthier could make the big club.
Josh Leivo – Leivo was one of the reasons why the Toronto Marlies over-achieved last season. 2013-14 was a coming out party of sorts for Leivo. When given the chance, they excelled on the power-play and also used their great wrist-shot and big body to produce 23 goals, which was second on the Marlies. They could fit in well on that third line with Komaron and Santorelli, a line that could shut down opponents and provide a little offense, but they will need to beat out Frattin and Carter Ashton, who has transitioned well into a bottom-six type of forward, to make the team.
Sam Carrick – Carrick may have been the hardest working player on the Marlies last season. They can do it all at both ends of the ice. Offensively they improved from 4 PTS in 19GP with a -2 rating to 35 PTS in 62 GP, and a +17 rating. They were also a major reason why the Marlies penalty kill was successful, and even notched two shorthanded goals. Though they may not be the biggest guy on the roster, they play a heart and soul game each and every night, almost like a Darcy Tucker type of player (Carrick also had 115 PIMs). The only problem is that they are a center, so they may have to move to the wing if they want to make the lineup for October.
Defensively and in goal, it is unlikely to see a Leafs draft pick make the team, though there are scenarios where it could happen. If one of Jake Gardiner or Cody Franson are not re-signed and are let go/traded (or if Gardiner is moved to forward), then Stuart Percy and Petter Granberg could make a run at making the team. In their first full season in the AHL, Percy excelled when handed the responsibility of more ice time with duties on the power-play and penalty kill. For Granberg, it was their first full season in North America, and though they were shaky in the rookie camp, they quickly adapted to the North American style and became a worthy shutdown-defenseman. Only problem is that while they succeeded in their one, full AHL year, wil Percy and Granberg continue with quality play at the NHL level?
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @NKonarowski2. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter –@LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld– and “liking” our Facebook page.
Don't forget to check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert for the latest in NHL injuries.
Main Photo:
What industries are hiring? What do the Germans think about refugees? What is being debated in the Bundestag, Germany's lower House of Parliament? Refugees who come to Germany have a lot of questions. Now they can find answers to those questions on DW's Arabic-language television channel. The German overseas station is now transmitting its Arabic-language programming in Europe - around the clock.
Refugees can now receive information from and on Germany in Arabic. The DW channel will be available in most parts of Europe via the Astra satellite as of Tuesday, December 15, 2015. The first step will be the transmission of DW's Arabic-language channel - in the same format currently available in Arabic-speaking countries. It offers a focus on information, understanding and cultural exchange.
The DW program is available across most of Europe beginning December 15, 2015
Opening cultural and social doors
Over the coming months, DW's Arabic-language programming will be transformed into an integration and information channel for refugees. There are plans for content from German and European partners. The channel will, for instance, transmit German language courses in television format.
"In doing so, DW is contributing to the initial societal participation of refugees in Germany," said DW Director General Peter Limbourg. "We think it is important for us to be able to convey European values to these people, as well as giving them access to reliable information from a German perspective, but in their own language."
Promoting democracy and human rights
The project was made possible by a cooperation agreement between DW and the satellite provider SES, which will transmit the DW channel free of charge for one year. "We feel we have an obligation to provide our customers with good, added value offers," said Norbert Hölzle, head of SES's European sales division. "At the same time, we want to show just how important social commitment is for us." Deutsche Welle is an ideal partner in that respect because they are an internationally oriented media enterprise with a reputation for being a fair and neutral mediator.
Peter Altmaier is the German government's Coordinator for Refugee Policy
Peter Altmaier, head of the Federal Chancellory, welcomed the announcement. As chief refugee policy coordinator, they said that the offer would provide a valuable contribution towards the integration of Arabic-speaking war refugees. Cultural Secretary Monika Grütters said that DW is taking a strong stance for democracy and freedom of opinion - and against intolerance and terror with the move. "Shows like Shabatalk, in which subjects considered taboo in the Arabic-speaking world are discussed, help to move along the dialogue," Grütters said. The Commissioner for Migration, Refugees and Integration, Aydan Özoguz, said: "DW stands for democracy, freedom of speech and cultural exchange - now, even here at home."
Satellite dish and receiver suffice
The only thing needed to receive the channel is a satellite reception system. So the service can be very easily accessed in refugee centers. Depending on local reception, a satellite dish with a diameter of 60 to 80 centimeters is required. DW also began offering refugees extensive online information in late September. The tailor-made offer is available in English, Arabic, Dari, Pashto, Urdu and German.
Information is designed to help refugees deal with everyday life and visits to German administrative authorities, to find job opportunities and to learn German. With just a few clicks, people can navigate their way to the Deutsche Welle language courses that best suit their needs.
Kansas State Rep. Virgil Peck (R) suggested Monday that the best way to deal with the illegal immigration problem may be the same way the state might deal with the problem of “feral hogs” — by shooting them from a helicopter.The state's House Appropriations Committee was debating financing for controlling the feral swine problem, the Lawrence Journal World reports, when one legislator suggested the problem could be handled by shooting them from helicopters. Peck offered: “It looks like to me if shooting these immigrating feral hogs works maybe we have found a [solution] to our illegal immigration problem.”
Scott Rothschild of the Journal World reports Peck as saying, when asked about the comment, that they were just joking:
Asked about their comment, Peck was unapologetic. “I was just speaking like a southeast Kansas person,” they said. They said most of their constituents are extremely upset with illegal immigration and the state and federal government response. They said they didn't expect any further controversy over their comment. “I think it's over,” they said.
Here's the audio, via Roy Rogers at Dome On The Range:
Feds say video shows multimillionaire gang leader shooting man
In 2009, Thaddeus "T.J." Jimenez celebrated after their 1993 murder conviction was vacated. They eventually won a $25 million award in their wrongful conviction lawsuit against the city — money that, prosecutors say, they used to support their gang. | Sun-Times file photo
Thaddeus “TJ” Jimenez, once awarded $25 million by a jury for an overturned murder conviction, was driving around in their Mercedes convertible with a fellow gang member on Aug. 17, 2015 — and both of them were packing heat.
Jimenez's younger friend, Jose Roman, was recording their armed tour of the Northwest Side with their cell phone and they panned down to show a .22-caliber rifle propped against the center console.
On the video, Roman said they had a “chopper on deck,” referring to the rifle, which they patted and said, “Yes, I had got that bitch ready, one in the chamber, where they at?”
Later, the two spotted a man driving a white car. Roman yelled out to him, “What you are?” asking about the man's gang affiliation.
“This is Royals' hood, homie,” Roman then told the man, referring to the Simon City Royals — the gang Jimenez and Roman are part of.
The white car drove off with Roman clutching the rifle.
Less than a minute later, on the 3500 block of West Belle Plaine in the Irving Park neighborhood, Jimenez pulled up to another car, and the driver got out.
Jimenez yelled from their Mercedes, “Why shouldn't I blast you right now?” Then they chambered a bullet into a .380-caliber pistol, pointed it at the man and shot them twice, as Roman recorded everything.
The chilling video was described by Assistant U.S. Attorney Kathryn Malizia Wednesday before Jimenez and Roman both pleaded guilty in federal court to the charge of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.
The government is seeking a prison term of 70 to 87 months for Jimenez, and 57 to 71 months for Roman.
During the hearing before Judge Harry Leinenweber, the 37-year-old Jimenez admitted, “I shot Individual A. They were on foot on the street.”
Prosecutors described the victim in court papers only as Individual A, but their name is Earl Casteel, and they have sued Jimenez for shooting them in the legs.
Jimenez shot Casteel allegedly because they wouldn't join the Simon City Royals.
During the hearing Wednesday, Jimenez confessed that they tossed away their pistol during a police chase shortly after the shooting. Roman, a 23-year-old high-school dropout, also admitted they threw away the rifle before they were nabbed.
Both men are scheduled for sentencing on Sept. 28.
“It's a sad case because they did all that time in jail for a crime they didn't commit and unfortunately they aren't ready for the world they faced when they got out,” Jimenez' attorney, Steven Greenberg, said.
Jimenez was in prison for 16 years after they were convicted at age 13 for the fatal shooting of a 19-year-old man in 1993 on the Northwest Side. The conviction was overturned, and they were freed in 2009.
Three years later, a jury awarded Jimenez $25 million from the city, one of the largest judgments in the state in a wrongful-conviction lawsuit.
After they were released from prison, Jimenez sought to become a gang leader and was known for driving around Chicago in flashy cars, including Lamborghinis and Bentleys.
They paid gang members to switch to the Simon City Royals and work for them — and some, including Roman, had the gang's symbols tattooed on their faces and necks, authorities say.
The gang is suspected of several murders on the West Side since Jimenez was freed from prison in 2009, police sources say.
In addition to the gun charge in federal court, Jimenez and Roman face Cook County charges of attempted murder, aggravated battery and illegal gun possession in the Aug. 17 shooting.
Students for Concealed Carry Select New Southwest Regional Director
(Dallas, Texas) – This week Students for Concealed Carry (SCC) announced that Antonia Okafor, a graduate student at The University of Texas at Dallas, will be the Southwest Regional Director and Texas State Director effective immediately.
Antonia has already hit the ground running, debuting their first news appearance on Al Jeezera America, debating Colin Goddard of Everytown for Gun Safety, in favor of the campus concealed carry law recently passed in Texas.
Antonia graduated from The University of Texas at Dallas with a Bachelors of Arts degree in international political economy and currently studies public policy as a graduate student. Them passion to protect student's gun rights was exemplified during the recent Texas legislative session where they had the opportunity to advocate for campus concealed carry in the general assembly. Antonia is actively involved on campus as a Leadership Institute Campus Reform Correspondent, founder and President of the Network of enlightened Women chapter and a former Resident Assistant.  They are also extensively involved in their hometown and state level politics, having served in and volunteered for several key political races and positions.
“Madison [Welch, outgoing Texas and Southwest Regional Director] did a fantastic job this legislative session helping to right a wrong and move the ball downfield,” said Michael Newbern, SCC board member at large. “Antonia's experience and network will help them carry on Students SCC's efforts in Texas. We're already making plans to further the great work Madison did and are confident Antonia is the best person for the job.”
A big source of controversy lately has been centered around the number of people who attend Donald Trump's rallies versus the number of people who attend Hillary Clinton's. In fact, some people believe that Trump's rallies are historically underreported and don't show good crowd shots. Both presidential candidates held rallies today in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Trump's was in the evening and Clinton's was in the afternoon. Secret Service shared numbers for both rallies. Which one had greater numbers?
Donald Trump won the Cedar Rapids rally showdown. Secret Service estimated that more than 5,000 attended their Friday evening rally, while Secret Service estimated that Clinton's rally was attended by 2,098.
Here's what you need to know.
More Than 5,000 Attended Trump's Rally, Which Ended with a Fireworks Display
More than 5,000 people attended Trump's rally, according to a report that the Secret Service shared with the DM Register.
Secret Service estimate, via the campaign, for the crowd at tonight's @realDonaldTrump rally in Cedar Rapids: more than 5,000. — Jason Noble (@jasonnobleDMR) October 29, 2016
Trump went all out for this rally, which took place at the McGrath Amphitheatre. The theater has a capacity limit of 6,000, according to Venue Works, and has been the location of many outdoor concerts. Trump ended the rally with a fireworks display that delighted their supporters.
Here are some posts about Trump's rally:
A day with both @HillaryClinton and @realDonaldTrump in Cedar Rapids ends with literal fireworks. What an election cycle… #Vote2016 pic.twitter.com/UqgUx3jjlF — Kevin Barry (@KevinBarryCBS2) October 29, 2016
More Than 2,000 Attended Clinton's Rally, Which Focused on Women Voters
Meanwhile, Secret Service estimated that a little over 2,000 people attended Clinton's rally that afternoon.
Attendance at Hillary Clinton rally in Cedar Rapids, per the Secret Service via the campaign: 2,098. — Jason Noble (@jasonnobleDMR) October 28, 2016
The rally focused on getting women to vote early and featured three women political leaders as speakers, in addition to Clinton. The rally took place at NewBo City Market. Interestingly, Secret Service said via the campaign that 2,098 people attended, but Brown Paper Tickets lists the capacity of NewBo City Market as being 1,000.
The Cedar Rapids Convention Bureau lists the capacity of the McGrath Amphitheatre as being 5,000, less than the listing Venue Works has. But it also has a lower capacity listed for NewBo City Market, ranging from 500 to 200 depending on the location at the market. You can see more details on both locations in the 2015 Cedar Rapids Convention Bureau guidebook, page 25, here. It's unclear if the NewBo listing is only talking about indoor spaces rather than the outdoor venue.
Here are some posts about Hillary's rally:
Photos from Hillary Clinton's afternoon stop in Cedar Rapids: https://t.co/Lmh8pecZGd pic.twitter.com/tSELScsxUC — David Scrivner (@davidscrivner) October 28, 2016
What do you think about the attendance numbers at both rallies? Let us know in the comments below.
A netizen, who claims to be the one who reported Seventeen's fan letter controversy, allegedly admitted to falsely accusing the group.
On May 4, a post titled "I apologize to Seventeen fans," stated, "I am the writer of the post accusing Seventeen of trashing fan letters. First, I apologize to all Seventeen fans, or Carat, who were hurt by my wrong report. I am providing justification to the issue since I created the whole thing." The netizen then explains why the photos used in the accusation is irrelevant to Seventeen.
[SEEALSO]http://www.allkpop.com/article/2016/05/fans-criticize-a-reporter-for-accusing-seventeen-of-trashing-fan-letters[/SEEALSO]
First, the shopping bag in the photo has a picture of a different idol group. A fan would not be giving Seventeen a present in a bag with a different group picture on it.
Next, the name 'Lee Ji Hoon' follows the 'From' part of the purple letter. Originally, it was attempting to accuse Seventeen's member Lee Ji Hoon of throwing away the letter, but then the name should be next to 'To' and not on 'From'.
Lastly, the netizen gathered numerous reports claiming they have seen Seventeen treasuring fan letters with great love. Some of the many reports said,and more.
What are your thoughts on the situation?
The concept of a “good” video game movie remains as elusive, and valuable, as the mystical unicorn. From a biological standpoint, it shouldn't be completely improbable, but so far, there's been no sign of it.
There have been commercially successful film franchises based on games, like Resident Evil and Tomb Raider, but they're nothing more than decent popcorn flicks. Teenager movies. Nobody has managed to capture the admiration of ravenous video game fanboys and the mainstream audience. A hit like that would rival The Avengers.
Jordan Vogt-Roberts, director of Kong: Skull Island, has been making headlines over their amusing Twitter tantrums, but they recently spoke to Den Of Geek about their upcoming passion project, a film adaption of Metal Gear Solid, and they sound reassuringly dedicated to making it work.
“ …. here's what Metal Gear needs to be, and here's the version I want to make. And if you don't want to make this version, then I'm not your guy, even though I spent three years of my life trying to shepherd this project, and there's no project more important on the planet to me than this.”
But a successful adaption needs more than a misty-eyed fan; it needs a great story. And the reason “good” video game adaptations remain a mythical concept rather than tangible reality, is because of the peculiar nature of video game storylines.
Video game story lines have been compared to porn “plots” in terms of importance, but that's a vast oversimplification. Gameplay is always the most important element of a game, of course, but a good story can elevate a game into a piece of art. Actively engaging in a story, rather than passively watching, can move the player in a way film can only dream of. The Last of Us, Bioshock, The Witcher; all of these games manage to tell a story that perfectly complements the gameplay, making the emotional twists and turns all the more powerful, because they are directly affecting our onscreen behavior.
But this added emotional resonance also means that majority of video games can simply fill their plotlines with cheap drivel, and that works too. Some of my favorite games, like the entries in the Final Fantasy series, left me with the impression that I'd just been told an epic story, a tale to rival Russian literature. Looking back as an adult, it was ridiculously convoluted nonsense. Quite similar to those anime series that pound out fifty episodes per season, each episode filled with illogical backstabbing, plot twists and tropes from every genre imaginable, carelessly shoved together. Magic swords, clones, alien invaders, flying cars, love triangles, deaths, resurrections, and college-student philosophies are all crammed into a blender and poured out on-screen. It's a sticky, tasteless mess, yet somehow, you're captivated.
The Metal Gear franchise certainly falls under this category. They're all great games, all of them. And they tell a story that's strangely addictive, but one that you just wouldn't tolerate if told in any other medium. Only comic books come close to the manic-depressive roller coaster of the Metal Gear series.
Vogt-Roberts is undoubtedly aware of this. They explain their research process, and it sounds admirably thorough: “I put together like a 60-page book breaking down what Metal Gear is, how video game adaptations have failed, and the difference between the active experience of playing a game and the passive experience of watching a movie. How you translate Metal Gear, how you protect it …. Metal Gear is about the cycle of pain and it's about this f**ked up weird family soap opera, and it's about ideologies, and it's about characters and philosophies. And it's about playing with tone and it's about so many different things.”
It sounds to me like they get it. But can they put it onscreen? Kong: Skull Island was one of the best monster movies I've seen, and that's an extremely difficult genre to tackle. The characters weren't particularly memorable, but Vogt-Roberts wasn't afraid to make King Kong the star of the film, which was quite a bold creative decision, really.
Filming a faithful adaption of Metal Gear Solid is going to require a lot of bold creative decisions. I think he's tackling the Everest of video games adaptions with this one; something like Uncharted is just so much easier, being almost identical to Indiana Jones. But the Metal Gear series is just spectacularly bizarre, almost incoherently so. It's certainly incomparable to any other blockbuster that I can think of.
Personally, I don't think it can be done. But I'm encouraged that a true fan is tackling this adaption; even if it ends up being a glorious train wreck, it will be better than a soulless, streamlined action flick.
And who knows, maybe Jordan Vogt-Robert is the man who can finally track down that annoyingly evasive unicorn.
Newark is booming with development.
More than half a dozen projects have secured financing, broken ground or have been completed in the former industrial hub in the past year, according to the Wall Street Journal. Newark has about 280,000 residents.
One of the projects is RBH Group's Four Corners Millennium Project, which is slated to include 705 residential units, a hotel as well as retail and office space, the newspaper reported. Dranoff Properties is planning a 22-story building with 245 units. Dranoff is expected to break ground this winter. More than 470 residential units received permits in Newark this year through October, which is more than double than the average over the last few years.
Newark was hit hard in the recession, which caused many projects to stall. Resuming development has been slower in Newark than in other towns, including nearby Hoboken and Jersey City.
“I think this moment is really a new beginning,” Baye Adofo-Wilson, the city's economic and housing development director, told the newspaper. [WSJ] — Claire Moses
JACKSON, Mississippi (Reuters) - A Mississippi man pronounced dead last month and put in a body bag only to come alive just before embalming, has now died, a coroner said on Thursday.
Walter Williams, 78, died at about 1 a.m. local time in Lexington, two weeks after shocking people when they started breathing and kicking at a funeral home where they were taken after being declared dead, said Holmes County Coroner Dexter Howard.
“I think he's gone this time,” Williams' nephew, Eddie Hester, told a local television station.
Williams had been receiving hospice care at home for end-stage cardiovascular disease and other ailments before their near-death experience on February 27. The coroner mistakenly declared them dead after neither they nor nurses could find a pulse.
Hospital officials said Williams appeared to have been suffering from severe hypoglycemia, or low blood sugar. That condition, combined with their medications, would have made it difficult to find a pulse and may have put them in such a deep sleep that it appeared they had died.
Williams, known by the nicknames “Snowball” or “Snow” because they were born during a rare Mississippi blizzard, took the experience in stride and told their family to let them go when their time came for good.
“He told us, ‘It's all up in the Lord's hands. Whatever the Lord says, I'm willing to do. Y'all just accept it,'” their daughter Gracie Williams said.
This is a case is created to house this keyboard
https://www.amazon.com/iPazzPort-Bluetooth-Keyboard-Wireless-KP-810-30BL/dp/B0744FJDQ4/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1513702591&sr=8-3&keywords=fire+stick+keyboard
If you cannot find it try looking up fire stick keyboard.
What you need to do to make it fit, is take the keyboard apart and remove the two lower plastic pieces the white one and the silver bezel.
Then glue the circuit board to the upper piece so you can press down the buttons and they don't push in.
After that the keyboard should be pretty hard to get in there but just keep pushing it will snap in eventually.
you can use what ever method you want to connect it. if you make this please take pictures I would love to see people using it.
This is still a prototype so there may be some issues.
Artist's illustration of Planet Nine, a world about 10 times more massive than Earth that may lie undiscovered in the far outer solar system.
Planet Nine may be even more exotic than astronomers had thought.
The putative world, which some scientists think lurks unseen far beyond Pluto's orbit, could be a former "rogue planet" that was captured by our solar system at some point in the past, a new study suggests.
"It is very plausible" that Planet Nine is a captured rogue — a world that cruises through space unattached to a star — lead author James Vesper, an undergraduate at New Mexico State University (NMSU), said Friday (Jan. 6) during a news conference at the 229th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Grapevine, Texas. [The Evidence for Planet Nine in Images (Gallery)]
Researchers say an anomaly in the orbits of distant Kuiper Belt objects points to the existence of an unknown planet orbiting the sun. Here's what we know of this potential "Planet Nine." (Image: © by Karl Tate, Infographics artist)
Vesper and their mentor, NMSU math and physical science professor Paul Mason, performed computer simulations of 156 encounters between our solar system and rogue planets of various sizes and trajectories.
Such encounters may not be terribly uncommon; some studies indicate that rogue planets outnumber "normal" worlds circling host stars throughout the Milky Way galaxy.
The simulations suggest that, in about 60 percent of the encounters, the incoming rogue planet would be flung out of the solar system. Most of the time, this would be a relatively simple "rogue in, rogue out" affair, Vesper said. But in about 10 percent of all cases, the rogue would take at least one of our solar system's native planets with it as it departed, they added.
In about 40 percent of the encounters, however, the rogue would end up being captured by the solar system. This could happen via a "soft capture," in which no native planets are ejected, or the invader could boot one or more worlds out as it came in, Vesper said; it would depend on the rogue's characteristics.
The simulations also suggest that our solar system has likely never had an encounter with a rogue world more massive than Neptune, Vesper added. Such a big intruder probably would have stirred up the inner solar system greatly, but it remains orderly and tightly packed today, they said.
Planet Nine is thought to be perhaps 10 times more massive than Earth. (For comparison, Neptune's mass is about 17 times that of Earth.) The undiscovered world's existence was first seriously proposed in October 2014 by astronomers Scott Sheppard and Chadwick Trujillo, of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington, D.C., and the Gemini Observatory in Hawaii, respectively.
Sheppard and Trujillo noted that the gravitational influence of an undiscovered giant "perturber" in the outer solar system could explain oddities about the orbits of a handful of distant objects, such as the dwarf planet Sedna.
In January 2016, astronomers Konstantin Batygin and Mike Brown of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena found further evidence for such a planet in the orbits of several additional bodies in the outer solar system. Batygin and Brown dubbed the hypothetical world Planet Nine, and calculated that it likely possesses a highly elliptical orbit that takes it as much as 1,000 astronomical units (AU) from the sun.
For perspective, 1 AU is the Earth-sun distance, about 93 million miles (150 million kilometers). Neptune lies about 30 AU from the sun, and Pluto never gets more than 49 AU from our star.
Planet Nine's putative orbit is consistent with that of a captured rogue, Vesper said. But the new simulation results don't prove anything about the origins of the hypothetical world, they stressed.
Indeed, astronomers have yet to confirm the planet's existence (though this milestone could come by early 2017, Brown has said). And other studies have deemed the rogue-planet explanation unlikely, suggesting instead that Planet Nine is a native of the solar system, or that the sun ripped the world away from another star during a long-ago close stellar encounter.
So, as can be said about pretty much all Planet Nine news and speculation, stay tuned!
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Singaporean Sikh referee faces racist abuse on social media after Inter-Chelsea game
Singaporean Sikh referee Sukhbir Singh found themselves at the centre of a controversy after the International Champions Cup football match between top European clubs Inter Milan and Chelsea.
Sukhbir Singh. Photo Courtesy: Facebook
The controversial referee faced flak from fans during the game at Singapore's National Stadium, which devolved into racist posts on social media following a string of poor decisions by the official.
The game was won 2-1 by Inter despite Geoffrey Kondogbia somehow finding the top corner of their own goal from more than 40 yards to help the Premier League champion back into the game. However, the referee's decisions were a major talking point in the post-match analysis, and fans of the London side on Twitter and Facebook expressed their ire at the referee in a series of posts insulting their ethnicity and nationality.
The recent incident is an escalation of the level of racism already prevalent in competitive football. Many players have complained of racist chants, abuse from opposing players or even teammates in clubs and teams all over the world. There have been many anti-racism campaigns launched such as Kick it Out, Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE) etc to combat the abuse.
The latest incident seems to be flying under the radar so far, with no official complaints filed or notices issued for the racist posts. This new twist on football racism needs to be nipped in the bud to ensure that the ‘beautiful game' not turn ugly.
Sukhbir Singh has faced criticism in the past as well, with managers calling out the referee for calls and in one particular case accusing them of favouritism towards the country of their origin, India, during the SAFF Championship final in 2011 where India played Afghanistan.
No Wives For 24 Million Chinese Men
As many as 24 million eligible bachelors in China may never be able to marry because of a lack of women in the country.
New stats from the State-backed Chinese Academy of Social Sciences show there has been no let up in China's 20-year-old gender imbalance.
Authorities say the normal male-female ratio is between 103-107 males for every 100 females. But the latest figures show that in 2005, there were 119 boys for every 100 girls in China. The study said that in some areas the ratio was as high as 130-100.
The study pointed to sex-specific abortions as a major factor in the skewed population of 1.3 billion, where a cultural preference for male children persists.
While noting that there were complex factors involved, the study said that “sex-specific abortions remained extremely commonplace, especially in rural areas”.
The study said a key factor leading to the imbalance was the nation's family-planning policy, which restricts the number of children citizens may have. They also cited an insufficient social security system which led parents to prefer male offspring because of their greater earning potential.
Researchers said the figures suggested there would be problems for men with lower incomes in finding spouses, as well as a burgeoning age gap between partners.
Wang Yuesheng, one of the researchers involved, said men in poorer parts of the country would either be forced to remain single forever or to accept marriage late in life.
“The chance of getting married will be rare if a man is more than 40 years old in the countryside. They will be more dependent on social security as they age and have fewer household resources to rely on,” Wang said.
Abductions and trafficking of women are said to be “rampant” in areas with excess numbers of men, while illegal marriages and forced prostitution were also major problems in those areas.
The study urged the Chinese government to relax the so-called “one-child” policy and study the possibility of encouraging “cross-country marriages”.
China first implemented its population control policy in 1979, generally limiting families to one child, with some exceptions for rural farmers, ethnic minorities and other groups.
It has said the policy has averted 400 million births.
Researchers said the gender imbalance problem first cropped up in the late 1980s when the use of ultrasound technology became more prevalent, allowing women to easily determine the sex of their foetuses.
Link 1
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Fewer people are applying to law school. They worry there will be no job waiting for them on the other side. And, indeed, some recent graduates are having a terrible time of it. Often, though, you see an increase in applications during economic slumps as students wait out the bad job market. Something, perhaps the beating law schools have been taking in the court of public opinion of late, is scaring folks off.
I have no idea if you should go to law school. I think we teach a very important and specific set of skills, but it is definitely not for everyone. Law school is expensive and hard. These comments are addressed to a specific audience: those who think they want to be lawyers some day and are simply not pulling the trigger on applying because of all the bad news. Here's why I think that's a mistake.
1. Fewer applicants mean schools compete fiercely for decent students.
A law school faced with fewer applicants must either lower its admission standards or shrink its class size. (University of Washington, where I work, has chosen the latter.) Regardless, schools are competing feverishly for good students. An applicant who, a few years ago, would have been wait-listed at a top twenty school, may now find themselves with a scholarship. A smaller class size, meanwhile, unless offset by layoffs or a long hiring freeze, translates into more individual attention for the students that do enroll.
2. A lot of law jobs will be opening up over the next five to ten years.
My parents are part of a generation so large they are known as the Baby Boomers. My father retired last year and my mother plans to retire soon. Even if people work longer than in the past, many (many) people will be leaving the work force in the next five to ten years. Some of these people will be lawyers. The demographics are such that knowledgeable folks like the head of the Washington Bar Association are predicting a market gap. They worry that future demand for legal services cannot be met by a dwindling supply.
3. Reports of the death of the legal market are greatly exaggerated.
I am paraphrasing Mark Twain for effect; obviously the legal market is not in the shape it was eight or nine years ago. But I simply do not agree with the predictions that the legal market will, uniquely, fail to rebound with the rest of the economy. One premise of these predictions is that clients are moving away from relying on enormous law firms that bill them by the hour. A second is that technology is changing the face of legal services in ways that eliminate lawyerly tasks, such as the drafting of a will.
Both of these claims are true. I just don't know what they prove. So-called “Big Law” is so visible, especially on law school campuses, that people tend to conflate its woes with that of the entire profession. That clients use big firms less does not necessarily mean they use fewer lawyers. The world is not getting any less complicated or fraught with legal risk. Rather, clients will hire more people in house, look to smaller firms, or rely on the growing cadre of sophisticated contract attorneys.
And yes, technology is changing the practice of law. Arguing that apps or algorithms will displace lawyers, however, is like arguing that Epicurious.com or smart ovens will displace chefs. Lawyers at the highest levels will look to technology, like the legal analytics engine Lex Machina, to improve client outcomes. People who already represent themselves will have better access to and understanding of legal precedent. And wills now drafted by paralegals (with liberal use of command-X and command-V) will soon be generated by software. Neither will throw on a suit and enter a courtroom in the event a clause gets contested.
Time will tell if the naysayers are right. I am a law professor, I may well be biased. I do not purport to be an expert in macroeconomics. But I do know a specious argument when I see one. Again, law school is not for everyone. Many are right to look elsewhere. For those who do want to be lawyers though, you may be closing your eyes to an opportunity.
Free-agent running back Tim Hightower has agreed to terms on a one-year deal with the Washington Redskins, a source with knowledge of the situation said Sunday.
Brandt: Diamonds in the rough When the draft ends, a race to sign undrafted prospects begins. Which teams fared best? Gil Brandt gives their top 11 classes.
When the draft ends, a race to sign undrafted prospects begins. Which teams fared best?gives their top 11 classes. More ...
The team later confirmed that Hightower had signed.
Hightower initially broke the news of their return to the team via their official Twitter account, tweeting a photo of themselves earlier Sunday in a Washington Redskins cap, along with the message "I'm back."
Responding to Hightower's tweet, Redskins running back Evan Royster tweeted that it was "good to have" Hightower back before teasingly suggesting to Hightower that they were "just tryin to get out of" offseason workouts.
Though Hightower had drawn interest from the New England Patriots, the Washington Post reported in April that the 25-year-old running back could still wind up with the Redskins.
After Arizona Cardinals receiver Larry Fitzgerald tweeted a congratulatory message, Hightower thanked Fitzgerald for "helping me get back on my feet."
Fitzgerald responded by tweeting to Hightower that they "never left (his) feet" and that "God has their plan."
Hightower had 84 carries for 321 yards and a touchdown in five games with the Redskins in 2011 before suffering a torn anterior cruciate ligament that knocked them out for the year.
The Redskins initially acquired Hightower after the 2010 season, shipping defensive lineman Vonnie Holliday and a draft pick to the Cardinals in exchange for the running back.
Follow Ian Rapoport on Twitter @RapSheet.
Caving in to pressure from the UN Secretary General amid controversy over a report which accused Israel of imposing an “apartheid regime” on Palestinians, the head of the world body's West Asia commission has resigned.
On Wednesday, The UN's Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) published a report accusing Israel “beyond a reasonable doubt” of being guilty of “policies and practices that constitute the crime of apartheid” against the Palestinian people.
Read more
The damning document, which was eventually taken down on Friday, sparked an immediate condemnation from Israel which called the conclusions of the Lebanese-based UN body a “despicable and a blatant lie.”
The Israeli UN ambassador Danny Danon accused the authors of the report of bias, while specifically singling out the ESCWA Executive Secretary Rima Khalaf for pursuing their own anti-Israeli agenda. The American ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, was also quick to call on the United Nations to withdraw the report.
The UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres immediately distanced themselves from ESCWA document, and over the past two days exerted pressure on Khalaf and ESCWA to take down the report. Once Guterres explicitly insisted that the document be removed from the agency's website, Khalaf announced their resignation.
“I submitted to them my resignation from the United Nations,” Khalaf said at a press conference in Beirut, as cited by Reuters.
Khalaf, however, still stands by the report, calling it the “first of its kind” from a UN agency that sheds light on “the crimes that Israel continues to commit against the Palestinian people, which amount to war crimes against humanity,” the Times of Israel quoted.
.@UN Under-Secretary General and Executive Secretary of @ESCWACIU@RimaKhalaf resigned today following the infamous "apartheid " report. — Emmanuel Nahshon (@EmmanuelNahshon) March 17, 2017
The office of the secretary general office explained after Khalaf's resignation that the head of ESCWA failed to check with UN headquarters before making the report public.
“This is not about content, this is about process,” said Guterres' spokesperson Stephane Dujarric.
“The secretary-general cannot accept that an under-secretary-general or any other senior UN official that reports to them would authorize the publication under the UN name, under the UN logo, without consulting the competent departments and even himself,” they told reporters, the Jerusalem Post reports.
Khalaf has worked to harm Israel and advocate for the BDS movement for years. Them removal from the UN was long overdue. @ESCWACIU — Ambassador Danon (@dannydanon) March 17, 2017
Israel praised Guterres' persistency and the resignation of Khalaf, with ambassador Danon, saying “the time has come to put an end to those using their status within the UN to promote anti-Israel activity.”
“The Secretary General's decision is an important step in ending the bias against Israel at the UN,” Ambassador Danon said following Khalaf's resignation. “Anti-Israel activists do not belong in the UN.”
“Khalaf has for years worked to harm Israel and to promote the BDS and they should have left their role a long time ago,” they added according to Harretz.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan attends opening ceremony of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Imam Hatip School in Istanbul, Turkey, September 29, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey no longer needs to join the European Union but will not unilaterally abandon the stalled EU accession talks, President Tayyip Erdoğan told parliament on Sunday.
“We will not be the side which gives up. To tell the truth, we don't need EU membership any more,” Erdoğan said.
Turkey's 12-year-long accession talks have ground to a halt, with the EU especially critical of Ankara's crackdown following a failed coup last year. Tens of thousands of people including teachers and journalists have been detained.
Erdoğan's government says EU states failed to appreciate the gravity of the threat which Turkey faced, and did not respond to requests to extradite coup suspects.
“The EU failed us in a fight against terrorism,” Erdoğan said on Sunday, though they also suggested the bloc still needed Turkey.
“If the EU is going to leap forward, there is only one way to do so. And it is to grant Turkey membership and start an action of cultural and economic growth,” Erdoğan said.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in an election debate last month it was clear Turkey should not join the EU and entry talks should end, despite it being a crucial NATO ally.
A picture may be worth a thousand words, but we've learned the photo above is actually worth a $200 ticket.The photo shows a Milwaukee Public Works Department parking checker vehicle parked in a clearly marked handicapped spot at the east side Pick N Save store at Humboldt and North avenues.Ted Schaar took the photo when they thought things didn't look quite right."If you look at the photo, there was a spot right behind it that was open," they said. "It's was 9 o'clock at night. There wasn't many people out there."Guy Leffel is a store customer who has handicapped plates but doesn't always use the designated parking spots. They said they can't imagine why a parking checker would park there."I'm trying to put myself in their shoes," they told WISN 12's Nick Bohr. "Why would they park in a disabled spot like that?"WISN 12 News took the photo to the Department of Public Works. Late Monday afternoon, officials said an investigation resulted in the driver receiving a $200 ticket and that further disciplinary action could be taken."I just want the government to be held accountable," Schaar said. "If you or I were parked there without a handicapped sticker, what would we get?"
A picture may be worth a thousand words, but we've learned the photo above is actually worth a $200 ticket.
The photo shows a Milwaukee Public Works Department parking checker vehicle parked in a clearly marked handicapped spot at the east side Pick N Save store at Humboldt and North avenues.
Advertisement
Ted Schaar took the photo when they thought things didn't look quite right.
"If you look at the photo, there was a spot right behind it that was open," they said. "It's was 9 o'clock at night. There wasn't many people out there."
Guy Leffel is a store customer who has handicapped plates but doesn't always use the designated parking spots. They said they can't imagine why a parking checker would park there.
"I'm trying to put myself in their shoes," they told WISN 12's Nick Bohr. "Why would they park in a disabled spot like that?"
WISN 12 News took the photo to the Department of Public Works. Late Monday afternoon, officials said an investigation resulted in the driver receiving a $200 ticket and that further disciplinary action could be taken.
"I just want the government to be held accountable," Schaar said. "If you or I were parked there without a handicapped sticker, what would we get?"
AlertMe
(SPACEX via European Pressphoto Agency)
SpaceX has asked the government for permission to test what could someday be a massive network of satellites that will beam Internet service down to Earth.
The application, filed Wednesday to the Federal Communications Commission, proposes a fleet of what will eventually include more than 4,400 satellites, covering the United States and the rest of the globe. SpaceX needs regulatory approval from the FCC to use the wireless airwaves that would power this network.
Orbiting more than 700 miles up, the satellites could provide speeds as fast as 1 gigabit per second, per user, according to a technical attachment to the filing. That's as much bandwidth as some premium Internet providers offer entire households. SpaceX would start by launching 800 satellites, the filing said.
“The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, governmental and professional users worldwide,” according to the technical attachment. “Once fully deployed, the SpaceX System will pass over virtually all parts of the Earth's surface and therefore, in principle, have the ability to provide ubiquitous global service.”
Each satellite would be able to cover a territory on the ground spanning more than 1,300 miles and capable of talking to other satellites to distribute traffic loads.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk announced the plan in 2015, saying it would cost $10 billion and provide an alternative to slow, uncompetitive Internet providers on the ground.
“In cases where people are stuck with Time Warner or Comcast, this would provide an opportunity to leave,” they said.
Other companies have looked to space as a way to provide Internet access. Facebook and Google have both explored the idea of using satellites and drones to beam broadband down to earth. Also competing to provide satellite broadband is OneWeb, a broadband startup that plans a network of several hundred satellites. The big bottleneck, analysts say, is getting access to the wireless airwaves required to make the system work. Google and another company, Fidelity, have invested in SpaceX to support the project.
Ken Melson, the embattled acting head of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), told Congressional investigators that they became “sick to their stomach” after learning details of the troubled anti-gun-trafficking program called Fast and Furious.
Melson on Tuesday testified for the first time before investigators for the House Oversight and Government Reform and Senate Judiciary Committees, which have been pummeling the administration with questions about controversial tactics to stop the flow of weapons from the U.S. to Mexican drug cartels. Melson, who appeared in a private meeting before the panel with their own personal counsel rather than Justice Department attorneys, said DOJ officials had prevented them from cooperating with Congress' investigations thus far.The two panels have spent months investigating ATF's strategy of letting guns “walk” by instructing cooperating gun dealers to sell to people they suspected were straw purchasers in the hopes of building cases against major arms smugglers. Two of those guns were eventually found at the scene of the murder of American Border Patrol agent Brian Terry.
After interviewing Melson extensively Tuesday, Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, and Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA), who chairs the House Oversight Committee, wrote a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder, expressing deep concerns about several issues raised during Melson's testimony. Read the full letter here.
“Acting Director Melson's cooperation was extremely helpful to our investigation,” Grassley and Issa wrote. “He was candid in admitting mistakes that their agency made and described various ways they say that they tried to remedy the problems.”
Melson told Congressional investigators Tuesday that only after the controversy became public in the wake of Terry's death did they review hundreds of documents related to the case including wire tap applications and investigative reports.
“By their account, they were sick to their stomach when they obtained those documents and learned the full story,” Grassley and Issa wrote in their letter to Holder.
Melson also said they told the Office of the Deputy Attorney General (ODAG) at the end of March that the Department needed to reexamine how it was responding to the requests for information from Congress, according to the letter.
More broadly, Grassley and Issa said Melson told them that the Drug Enforcement Agency, FBI and other agencies, were possibly aware or even working with people connected to Fast and Furious suspects with ATF's knowledge.
“The evidence we have gathered raises the disturbing possibility that the Justice Department not only allowed criminals to smuggle weapons but that taxpayer dollars from other agencies may have financed those engaging in such activities,” they wrote. “While this is preliminary information, we must find out if there is any truth to it.”
Grassley and Issa also pointed to two other key assertions Melson made to investigators:
Contrary to denials by the Justice Department, Acting Director Melson acknowledged the agents had in fact witnessed transfers of weapons from straw purchasers to third parties without following the guns any further. The ATF group executing Operation Fast and Furious had been placed under the direction of the Arizona U.S. Attorney's office.
The pair took particular exception to the Melson's testimony about the Justice Department's role in obstructing Congressional investigations, noting that Melson claimed that ATF's senior leadership would have preferred to be more cooperative with Congress much earlier in the process, but DOJ officials “directed them not to respond and took full control of replying to briefing and document requests from Congress.”
“The result is that Congress only got the parts of the story that the department wanted us to hear,” Grassley and Issa wrote. “If this account is accurate, then ATF leadership appears to have been effectively muzzled while the DOJ sent over false denials and buried its head in the sand.”
Contrary to recent press reports, Melson also told investigators they were not recently asked to resign — and Grassley and Issa stressed that it would be inappropriate to ask them to do so give their testimony and cooperation with the committees.
“Given their testimony, unless a permanent director is confirmed, it would be inappropriate for the Justice Department to take action against them that could have the effect of intimidating others who might want to provide additional information to the Committees,” they wrote. “We hope that the Department will take a much more candid and forthcoming approach in addressing these very serious matters with the Committees.”
Syria Stalls U.N. Investigation Into Chemical Weapons Attack
Syria is preventing a U.N. chemical weapons inspector from traveling to Damascus to begin the work of determining who carried out a deadly April 4 sarin attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun, according to diplomatic sources.
A team of international experts drawn from the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons issued a request on May 24 to the Syrian government to provide a visa to an Egyptian national to liaise on behalf of the inspection team with Syrian officials in Damascus.
The liaison's job description includes arranging interviews with key officials, organizing visits to sites, and establishing contacts on both sides of the conflict. Five weeks later, the Syrian government has not responded to several follow-up requests for the visa.
For months, Syria has sought to highlight its cooperation with U.N. inspectors, issuing repeated invitations to visit Khan Sheikhoun, as well as the Shayrat airbase, which Western intelligence agencies claim was used to launch the chemical weapons attack. Yet, at the same time, the regime in Damascus has stymied inspectors' efforts to get to the bottom of who carried out the attack.
For instance, Syrian authorities have persistently ignored repeated requests from international inspectors to hand over flight logs detailing their air operations on the day of Khan Sheikhoun attack, as well as on the days of previous chlorine attacks on Syrian villages. Damascus has also ignored requests for the names of air force commanders, as well as pilots, who had responsibility for flights linked to Syria's alleged use of chemical weapons. It has also refused to provide the inspection team with the copy of the official Syrian internal investigation into the Khan Sheikhoun attack, according to U.N. diplomats.
In a closed door session of the Security Council Thursday, Edmond Mulet, the head of the Joint Investigative Mechanism, cited those lapses while complaining that the Syrian government has not been fully cooperating with their team, according to a U.N. diplomat. Access to the Shayrat airfield is “useless unless [Syrian authorities] provide names, flight logs,” and approve the visa for a liaison officer to prepare for the team's work, said a second diplomatic source familiar with the issue.
The revelation comes several days after a fact-finding mission by the chemical weapons watchdog concluded that the April sarin attack on Khan Sheikhoun, which killed at least 50 people, exposed nearly 300 and triggered U.S. missile strikes in retaliation, was likely caused by a chemical weapon.
Efforts to reach the Syrian mission to the United Nations Thursday were unsuccessful. But the Syrian foreign minister issued a statement Saturday, denouncing the report as lacking “any credibility.” It faulted the inspectors for relying on opposition sympathizers to provide evidence and to arrange interviews with fake victims. The testimonies provided to the inspectors, according to the statement, were “offered by terrorists in Turkey.”
Turkey has been a long time support of Syria's armed anti-government forces.
The fact-finding mission was established in April 2014 by the OPCW's director general, Ahmet Uzumcu, to investigate claims that chlorine had been used as a chemical weapon in attacks on several towns. The mission, which was tasked with investigating the Khan Sheikhoun attack, is limited to determining whether chemical weapons have been used, and not who used them.
To address that gap, the U.N. Security Council in August 2015, established a second investigative team — the Joint Investigation Mechanism– to assign blame. It is now up to that team, which is seeking a visa for a liaison official in Damascus, to determine who attacked Khan Sheikhoun.
Syria has repeatedly appealed to international weapons inspectors to come and examine their claim that the rebels were responsible for the April 4 chemical weapons attack on Khan Sheikhoun. The offer, according to Syrian authorities and their Russian and Iranian backers, demonstrates the government's confidence that the evidence will support its case.
The OPCW has turned down the offer, insisting it is too dangerous to travel to Khan Sheikhoun. The watchdog organization has also declined an invitation to visit the Shayrat airbase on the grounds that Syria can furnish the information they need — flight logs, and air force personnel– without having to travel to Shayrat.
The fact-finding mission's account, meanwhile, undercut a claim by the Syrian government that civilians in the opposition-controlled town were exposed to sarin gas after a Syrian war plane bombed a suspected jihadist compound that was storing chemical agents. The investigators concluded the release of sarin or a sarin-like substance “was most likely initiated at the site where there is now a crater in the road.”
Ironically, a critical bit of supporting evidence — soil samples collected by an unnamed volunteer — was provided to the international inspectors by the Syrian government, and tested at one of its own labs. The strongest concentrations of sarin, as well as hexamine, an acid scavenger that has been used by Syria chemical weapons program to stabilise sarin, were detected in soil samples from inside the crater.
Those findings also contrasted with the accounts of two eyewitnesses put forward by the Syrian government. The two individuals, who were interviewed on June 21 and 22, claimed that the toxic gas was likely caused by the bombing of an opposition weapons storehouse.
Two months before the sarin incident, according to one interviewee, an armed opposition group had evicted locals from a home and used it to store weapons, munitions and barrels. The building, according to the source, “appeared to have been damaged on April 4.”
A second interviewee claimed that they were awoken on April 4 “by the sounds of an explosion and observed a cloud above a building which they described as a ‘chemical warehouse.'”
It was too dangerous for the inspection team to travel to Khan Sheikhoun, which is under opposition control, in the crucial weeks after the sarin attack, complicating efforts to secure useful evidence.
For instance, the fact-finding team has not been able to establish what kind of munition was used in the attack, a vital piece of evidence that could help establish the culprit. It has also been forced to rely on evidence collected by Syrian government or local advocacy groups, and blood, urine and hair samples collected from victims who fled to an unidentified neighboring country for medical treatment.
The investigators fashioned a competing narrative indicating a chemical weapon was the most likely source of the sarin exposure.
According to this account, which was based on interviews with 34 victims, doctors and eyewitnesses, a jet dove with a “swooping sound” over Khan Sheikhoun in the early morning hours. But in contrast to other bomb attacks, there was no loud explosive.
A witness told the team that they had seen a young boy who sells fuel in the town walking away from the bomb site and then falling. The witness passed out after they came to the boy's aid, awakening later in the hospital.
The investigators observed the autopsies of three victims, and took blood samples taken from vital organs, including the brain, liver and lungs, showing evidence of sarin or a sarin-like substance. The also team obtained the blood samples from eight other victims who tested positive for the toxic agent.
Those samples, the investigators found, “provide incontrovertible evidence that people were exposed to a sarin or a sarin-like substance.”
Photo credit: AMEER AL-DOUMY/AFP/Getty Images
Federal Public Works officials in charge of the multi-billion program to replace the navy's frigates said Friday they're confident they will receive more than enough bids from warship designers to complete the ongoing competition.
Lisa Campbell, the assistant deputy minister of defence and marine procurement, also attempted to lay to rest concern the federal government's demands for intellectual property data would somehow scuttle the project — or drive some competitors away.
"We have good competition and we're really happy about that," Campbell told CBC News, during a round of one-on-one interviews with reporters on Friday.
Uncertainty has hung over the Liberal government's proposal to buy 15 new surface combat vessels over two decades since the spring.
That was when a deadline for 12 pre-qualified defence contractors to submit their pitches to design and help construct the next generation of warships was hastily extended.
No specific deadline was set, beyond the suggestion that it would be sometime around "mid-August," which Campbell said Friday was still the plan.
"We've received more than three draft bids," Campbell said, referring to the phase of the competition where warship designers can submit preliminary proposals for evaluation without fear of being disqualified for errors.
That stage is expected to wrap up soon, they said.
The Liberals decided last year to select existing, off-the-shelf blueprints, instead of designing the warships from scratch, saying it would be faster and cheaper for the estimated $60-billion program.
Enough bids?
Since the design competition has been underway, supervised by the prime contractor Irving Shipbuilding of Halifax, the federal government has heard from competitors who say the number of changes being requested to the designs means Canada is essentially asking for an entirely new ship.
"To the best of our knowledge, neither we, nor any other pre-qualified bidder, possesses an off-the-shelf ship design which could be modified to meet all of the [request for proposal] requirements without, in effect, becoming a new design with all of the risks that would stem from a massive redesign effort," said documents obtained and reported on by CBC News at the end of June.
"Not only will we not be in a position to make a proposal, which we believe will best meet Canada's objectives, but we have reason to believe that most, if not all, other pre-qualified bidders with an existing ship design will be in a similar situation."
The unidentified company said the project was at "a very high risk of failure" because there might not be enough bids — or the ones that were submitted would be disqualified.
In addition, the U.S. Navy early this month announced it was in the market for up to 20 frigates in a massive program that looks a lot like the one Canada is trying to get off the ground.
At least one defence analyst predicted it would siphon bidders away from the more modest Canadian project.
Campbell said she's very confident they will receive a number of compliant bids.
"We want to make sure as many of these 12 pre-qualified bidders submit bids because Canada wants a rich field to pick from," said Campbell.
Scott Leslie, the director general for large combat construction, said they don't believe Canada is asking for anything out of the ordinary and the federal government is aware "there's going to be required changes to all bids put forward."
Intellectual property battle
Campbell acknowledged that many of the bidders have privately expressed concern over intellectual property because of the amount of technical data being requested by the Canadian government. They tried to smooth those waters.
"I want to emphasize we're only asking for a reasonable amount of [intellectual property] — owning what we paid to develop and a limited licence access so we can design, build and maintain, and ultimately dispose of these ships over the next several decades," they said.
Ship designers from France, Britain, Italy and the U.S., among others, are bidding on the Canadian program. Some of those warship blueprints are dependent on electronics developed in conjunction with their home governments and those countries don't want to share the data for their own national security reasons.
Bidders are also worried about how much access Irving Shipbuilding Inc. and sub-contractors would have to the data.
Campbell insisted Irving will have "only a limited licence to use it,"" something that they said is consistent with defence industry practice.
In what could be seen as a concession to worried bidders, the federal government agreed to acquire the intellectual property rights directly.
"They won't flow through our prime contractor," they said.
And yet, they are also more visible than ever. According to a June study by the Pew Research Center, stay-at-home dads now account for more than 16 percent of at-home caretakers, a number that has more than doubled over the past decade (and still does not factor in dads who work part time).
By no means are single-earner households the norm in this country. And yet along with women's economic rise — 23 percent of wives now outearn their husbands — has emerged a new kind of male caretaker: the out-and-proud involved dad.
Sure, they raise their children differently than a woman would. But he's also there by choice. They aren't a product of the recession, necessarily. And, according to a Boston College survey, a majority of their full-time working brothers wish they could join them — if their wives' incomes only allowed.
“There's been a feeling for a long time that dads are not capable, that if dads are in the home, moms are still directing, that dads are not interested in that caretaker role,” said Matt Schneider, a 39-year-old former teacher who had traveled to the convention from New York, where they are a founder of a dads group with 1,100 members. “That doesn't jibe with what we see every day.”
The roots of the National At-Home Dads Network actually began two decades ago, with a dissertation project at Oakton Community College in Des Plaines, Ill. Robert Frank, now the chairperson of the college's behavioral and social science department, was working toward their Ph.D. in psychology while caring for their two children. When asked one day by a professor what they did for a living, they replied without thinking twice, “I'm a stay-at-home dad.”
They stared back at him, wide-eyed. “I've never heard that phrase before,” they told him. “You've just found your dissertation topic.”
FArchaeologists have unearthed at least five mammoths at a site in Serbia. The discovery last week at Kostolac coal mine, east of the Serbian capital of Belgrade, is the first of its kind in the region and could offer important insights into how the ice age affected the area now known as the Balkans. Miomir Korac, of Serbia's Archaeology Institute, said: "There are millions of mammoth fragments in the world, but they are rarely so accessible for exploration."
"A mammoth field can offer incredible information and shed light on what life looked like in these areas during the ice age." The remains were found during coal excavations about 20 metres below ground. Korac said the mammoth field stretched over nearly nine hectares (20 acres) of sandy terrain. In 2009 a well-preserved skeleton of a much older mammoth was found at the same site. The female skeleton, nicknamed Vika, is up to a million years old and belonged to the southern mammoth type which lacked dense fur.
The newly discovered bones are likely to belong to the woolly mammoth, Mammuthus primigenius, which disappeared about 10,000 years ago, said Sanja Alaburic, an expert on the animals, based at Serbia's Museum of Natural History. Korac said Serbian archaeologists had contacted colleagues in France and Germany for consultation about the find. They said at least six months of work would be needed before all the bones are unearthed.
Recently, the Twitter user @limesandsmiles wrote a tweet to @KimKardashian saying “FUNFACT U have the same amount of twitterfollowers as people in Holland! U have ur own little country.” Kardashian reposted the tweet and added their own commentary: “WOW.”
In fact, the population of the Netherlands is 16,730,632, while Kardashian's follower count, at least right at this instant, is a mere 15,437,516. But if that number is still large enough to fill you with a feeling of dread, or if watching Kardashian's number of followers jump from second to second feels like staring into the abyss, it's best to remember that old saw: when the Internet closes a door, somewhere it opens a window.
You will find that window in the Twitter output of @KimKierkegaardashian, which combines Kim Kardashian's tweets with quotations from the father of existentialism, Søren Kierkegaard. It was started a few weeks ago, taking the leap with the inaugural tweet: “Can't sleep. Its almost 6am here in Paris. Been up for hours playing fruit ninja. Woe to the person who wants to be excused from suffering!”
The real Kardashian's tweets are usually banal-chipper at best. Pairing them with aptly chosen comments from the Danish philosopher transforms them into reflective maxims on life, death, sin, and emptiness, salted with luxury accessories of the Kardashian lifestyle:
@KimKierkegaardashian is dross turned gold, redemption through absurdity in a hundred and forty characters.
Photograph by Piotr Redlinski/The New York Times/Redux.
For six years now, Gennady Golovkin has dreamt of the day he'd knock out their friend.
Maybe that's not entirely fair to say, but this is: All those years ago, Golovkin, originally from Kazakhstan, was just another European import to the United States, another hardened guy with an even harder right hook. He'd spent a short stint in Germany before moving to Big Bear, Calif. with hopes of becoming boxing's next big thing.
But shortly after Golovkin arrived stateside, another fighter joined them in Big Bear for a few training camps. This other man, much like their European counterpart, was a middleweight and a fast-rising star in their own right. This other man had a mane of lush cinnamon hair. This other man, it turns out, was Saul “Canelo” Alvarez.
“I know him,” Golovkin said earlier this month during a media stop in New York, “and they know me.”
You'd hope so, at least after the two spent a few training camps together. They would spar together, lift weights together, eat and run and take breaks together. Over time, all those hours alongside one another translated into friendship, extending beyond the confines of any boxing ring and into nights out together in California.
“He got me into Mexican music,” Golovkin admitted, a toothy grin escaping him. “Just a little bit.”
Eventually Alvarez left, departed back on their own separate path with their own separate goals. Golovkin, for their part, has stayed in Big Bear ever since, keeping the quiet California mountain town as their home base.
And while their paths diverged, they ultimately traced a similar arc. Alvarez, already established as a Mexican hero of sorts by the time they arrived to Big Bear, continued their upward trajectory, going so far as to earn a fight against Floyd Mayweather Jr. in September 2013. They lost that fight (the only loss of their career) but never their drive, and since then, it's been all about reaching that peak again.
Only this time, he'll be meeting Golovkin there instead of Mayweather. The man nicknamed GGG is undefeated professionally (37-0), having rattled off a string of 12 knockouts in their last 14 fights since moving to America for good.
Their most recent opponent, Daniel Jacobs, was the first ever to take them through a full 12 rounds, and even then Golovkin won by unanimous decision.  They are widely considered the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world, as their four championship belts will attest. But if they want another two, he'll have to knock off the man they first met all those years ago.
Taylor Ballantyne
“This is like a new history for us,” Golovkin said. “This is the biggest fight of my life.”
But even saying that might not be giving this fight its proper credence. The next time these former sparring partners get into the ring together, it won't be in front of an empty gym tucked away in the California countryside; it'll be at the center of T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on Sept. 16 in front of some 18,000 frenzied fans, all of them gathered to see what is being billed as the best fight in boxing today. Maybe one of the best fights in boxing ever.
That magnitude isn't lost on Golovkin.
Their entire life has been building to this crescendo, building until their talent and their platform could finally coalesce and produce a moment like this: Gennady Golovkin, they of the rural mountain town in the Kazakhstani mountains, unappreciated as an amateur and undervalued as a professional, practically forced to come stateside in search of not stardom but survival, finally the lead ticket on a lead card, finally at the forefront of their sport.
“I've always wanted to fight with champions, but I didn't always have the chance,” Golovkin said. “I remember my situation with Sergio Martínez, Miguel Cotto, with Canelo (Alvarez), with a lot of champions—nobody wanted to fight.”
That couldn't be farther from the truth today. Now, instead of anxiously awaiting other names of that stature, Golovkin is one of them, if not tops among them. Fighters dream of facing them instead of the other way around, dream of making the sort of meteoric rise Golovkin has since leaving Europe all those years ago.
But for now, all of them will have to wait. For now, Alvarez is their focus, their singular goal, the only thing they dare think about. They know this win will not come easy—“He's big time, a national hero, a Superman,” Golovkin says of their friend-turned-rival—and that for the first time in their storied career, they may not raise their gloves in celebration after the last bell rings.
Maybe this fight, if they win, will be the cherry on top of Golovkin's career, their sweet send off back to Big Bear and theirs anxiously awaiting family. Or maybe they lose, reveals their fault lines. Maybe they crack, for the first time ever, on the stage he's worked their whole life to reach.
Whatever may be, only two things are certain. The first is that Golovkin's path goes through Alvarez, their one-time partner in all things sparring and salsa. The second? That to get where they want to end up—to cement themselves as one of boxing's all-time elites—Golovkin will have to finish off the friend they first met six years ago.
The Happiness Spiral
Have you ever found yourself feeling happy for absolutely no discernible reason?
Maybe you woke up and there was an extra spring in your step and life seemed almost too good to be true.
What did you do?
Did you get all suspicious and wonder why you were feeling all happy? Did you try and analyze it and then wonder why it slipped away?
Have you ever found yourself feeling crappy for absolutely no discernible reason?
Maybe you woke up and getting out of bed seemed like a massive pain in the ass and the thought of just pulling the sheets up over your head seemed really appealing.
What did you do?
Did you get all suspicious and wonder why you were feeling all crappy? Did you try and analyze it and then wonder why you started to feel even worse?
Try this next time when either of the above happen:
In the first situation say to yourself,
“How cool is that I'm happy and you know what? I'm happy that I'm happy – woo-hoo!”
This sets up a happiness spiral whereas you build on your own happiness. In other words, you're happy that you're happy, and you're happy that you're happy that you're happy.
In the second situation say to yourself:
“I'm really happy that I spotted that bad mood before it had time to cement itself and become an unhappiness spiral – woo-hoo!”
By being conscious of your mood and not slipping into automatic pilot you then take control and you're happy that you take control.
Now let's all sing together “If you're happy and you know it clap your hands”
Ok, maybe not.
If you have a blog and would like to review Aligning With Your Core Values please let me know either in the comments or via e-mail as I am looking for affiliates.
If your blog has more a couple of hundred readers I'd be happy to supply you with a review copy.
I'm also really interested in people that have business slanted blogs as well as Life Coaching and or self development because the book can work really well for people setting up their business values.
I'm always on the lookout for free ebooks on Life Coaching or general self development to give to my newsletter readers.
They have to be free and with no strings attached like e-mail opt-ins etc.
Let me know if you want to generate some more exposure and I'll see what I can do.
SANTA ANA — A retired Los Angeles Superior Court judge pleaded no contest today to a single count of assault with a firearm for firing a shot at police officers during a standoff at their West Los Angeles home and was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and five years of formal probation.
The case against James Bascue, 75, was being handled in Orange County because all of the judges in Los Angeles County had to recuse themselves. Bascue left the Los Angeles Superior Court bench about eight years ago.
The case was prosecuted by the state Attorney General's Office.
Orange County Superior Court Judge Thomas Goethals, who presided over the case, ordered Bascue to continue wearing a bracelet for another year that records if the defendant has had any alcohol or drugs and to get rid of their guns, which they already have done.
If Bascue fails to complete their community service or violates any terms of their probation they could face up to four years in prison.
 They are due back in court July 8 for a “progress report” hearing from probation officials.
Goethals also ordered Bascue to not drive anymore, which is something the judge had already given up.
Goethals said they decided against ordering Bascue to do time behind bars because they deserve credit for their extensive background as a public servant, which also might make the defendant vulnerable to the “many enemies” they might have accrued over the years as a law enforcement authority.
Goethals, however, was mindful of the “perception” that Bascue might be getting a break because of their standing in the legal community.
“It's important to me and this community there not be a perception we have a two-tiered system of justice,” Goethals said.
Goethals made a point of addressing Bascue with the title of “mister” instead of judge so as not to indicate special “deference” to the defendant.
Goethals referred to Bascue's “unbreakable chain of high level of service” in their career in law enforcement. That, however, should not “lessen the seriousness of what happened in your home last June,” Goethals said.
Goethals did not refer to retired Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Lance Ito by name, but they dropped enough hints to make it clear they were referring to the judge who presided over the “trial of the century,” as the source of one of the more compelling letters of support for Bascue.
Ito made it clear in the letter that alcohol “took over” Bascue's “life,” Goethals said.
Bascue “steered that (Los Angeles Superior) court system through many difficult years,” Goethals said.
Bascue's plea “does not undo” their career accomplishments, “but it does impact your legacy unfortunately,” Goethals said.
Goethals said they also are moved by the letter of apology Bascue penned to the Los Angeles police officers who responded to the standoff at the judge's home. Goethals added that publicity about the case provided its own form of punishment in “shame and embarrassment” to Bascue.
Bascue twice sought alcohol abuse treatment before the conflict with police and failed, but they have been sober since their arrest, Goethals noted.
Bascue choked up as Goethals spoke of the judge's career, prompting one of the defendant's attorneys to fetch them a tissue.
Deputy Attorney General Zee Rodriguez said their office took into consideration the judge's age and health as well as their “significant contributions to the criminal justice system” in the plea deal offer.
“He has shown a great deal of remorse,” Rodriguez said.
Bascue does not have the option to have the felony conviction knocked down to a misdemeanor or expunged, Goethals said.
Bascue did not speak much during the proceeding, but at the end they rose and told Goethals, “With great respect and thanks, your honor.”
Bascue's attorney, Richard Hirsch, said their client has “taken substantial steps to deal with” their alcohol “problem.”
Another of Bascue's attorneys, Michael D. Nasatir, said the judge wants to focus “the rest of their life on serving the community.” Bascue plans to do their community service working for organizations that helps the homeless and veterans, Hirsch said.
According to police, Bascue called authorities around 11:45 p.m. June 10 and claimed they were being held hostage. When police arrived and looked through a window of the townhouse in the 1900 block of South Barrington Avenue, they saw Bascue sitting on a couch with two guns.
When officers tried to make contact with him, they began loading magazines and a gun, police said. At one point they pointed a gun at their head. Police said a shot was fired inside the home, and another through the window toward officers. No officers were hurt.
In addition to drinking, Bascue was also under the influence of Ambien, a sleep aid, their attorneys said.
Bascue also must refrain from taking that type of drug as well during their probation.
As SWAT officers were being called, the suspect contacted a neighbor, who talked them into walking out of the residence, according to police. No one else was in the residence at the time of the standoff, and no other suspects were found.
Bascue retired in June 2007 after reaching the maximum retirement age of 67.
Bascue, who earned their law degree from UC Davis, was a Los Angeles County deputy district attorney from 1971 to 1990, serving as chief deputy from 1983 to 1985 under then-District Attorney Robert Philibosian.
In 1990, Bascue was appointed to the bench by then-Gov. George Deukmejian, and they were elected assistant presiding judge in 1999.
Bascue served as presiding judge from 2001-02, and received the Judicial Council of California' Jurist of the Year award in 2002.
Summary
This is a security advisory for a bug that I discovered in Resolv::getaddresses that enabled me to bypass multiple Server-Side Request Forgery filters. Applications such as GitLab and HackerOne were affected by this bug. The disclosure of all reports referenced in this advisory follow HackerOne's Vulnerability Disclosure Guidelines.
This bug was assigned CVE-2017-0904.
Vulnerability Details
Resolv::getaddresses is OS-dependent, therefore by playing around with different IP formats one can return blank values. This bug can be abused to bypass exclusion lists often used to protect against SSRF.
💻 Machine 1 💻 Machine 2 ruby 2.3.3p222 (2016-11-21) [x86_64-linux-gnu] ruby 2.3.1p112 (2016-04-26) [x86_64-linux-gnu]
💻 Machine 1
irb(main):002:0> Resolv.getaddresses("127.0.0.1") => ["127.0.0.1"] irb(main):003:0> Resolv.getaddresses("localhost") => ["127.0.0.1"] irb(main):004:0> Resolv.getaddresses("127.000.000.1") => ["127.0.0.1"]
💻 Machine 2
irb(main):008:0> Resolv.getaddresses("127.0.0.1") => ["127.0.0.1"] irb(main):009:0> Resolv.getaddresses("localhost") => ["127.0.0.1"] irb(main):010:0> Resolv.getaddresses("127.000.000.1") => [] # 😱
This issue is reproducible in the latest stable build of Ruby:
$ ruby -v ruby 2.4.3p201 (2017-10-11 revision 60168) [x86_64-linux] $ irb irb(main):001:0> require 'resolv' => true irb(main):002:0> Resolv.getaddresses("127.000.001") => []
Proof of concept
irb(main):001:0> require 'resolv' => true irb(main):002:0> uri = "0x7f.1" => "0x7f.1" irb(main):003:0> server_ips = Resolv.getaddresses(uri) => [] # The bug! irb(main):004:0> blocked_ips = ["127.0.0.1", "::1", "0.0.0.0"] => ["127.0.0.1", "::1", "0.0.0.0"] irb(main):005:0> (blocked_ips & server_ips).any? => false # Bypass
Root cause
The following section describes the root cause of this bug. I have added some comments in the code snippets to help the reader follow along.
When we run irb in debug mode ( irb -d ) the following error is returned:
irb(main):002:0> Resolv.getaddresses "127.1" Exception `Resolv::DNS::Config::NXDomain' at /usr/lib/ruby/2.3.0/resolv.rb:549 - 127.1 Exception `Resolv::DNS::Config::NXDomain' at /usr/lib/ruby/2.3.0/resolv.rb:549 - 127.1 => []
So the exception stems from fetch_resource() [1]. The “NXDOMAIN” response indicates that the resolver cannot find a corresponding PTR record. No surprise there, since, as we will see later on, resolv.rb uses the operating system's resolver.
# Reverse DNS lookup on 💻 Machine 1. $ nslookup 127.0.0.1 Server: 127.0.0.53 Address: 127.0.0.53#53 Non-authoritative answer: 1.0.0.127.in-addr.arpa name = localhost. Authoritative answers can be found from: $ nslookup 127.000.000.1 Server: 127.0.0.53 Address: 127.0.0.53#53 Non-authoritative answer: Name: 127.000.000.1 Address: 127.0.0.1 # NXDOMAIN for 127.1. $ nslookup 127.1 Server: 127.0.0.53 Address: 127.0.0.53#53 ** server can't find 127.1: NXDOMAIN
Now the following code snippets demonstrate why Resolv::getaddresses is OS-dependent.
getaddresses takes the address ( name ) and passes it on to each_address where once it has been resolved it is appended to the ret array.
# File lib/resolv.rb, line 100 def getaddresses ( name ) # This is the "ret" array. ret = [] # This is where "address" is appended to the "ret" array. each_address ( name ) { | address | ret << address } return ret end
each_address runs the name through @resolvers .
# File lib/resolv.rb, line 109 def each_address ( name ) if AddressRegex =~ name yield name return end yielded = false # "name" is passed on to the resolver here. @resolvers . each { | r | r . each_address ( name ) { | address | yield address . to_s yielded = true } return if yielded } end
@resolvers is initialised in initialize() .
# File lib/resolv.rb, line 109 def initialize ( resolvers = [ Hosts . new , DNS . new ]) @resolvers = resolvers end
Further on, initialize is actually initialised by setting config_info to nil which uses the default configuration in this case /etc/resolv.conf .
# File lib/resolv.rb, line 308 # Set to /etc/resolv.conf ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ def initialize ( config_info = nil ) @mutex = Thread :: Mutex . new @config = Config . new ( config_info ) @initialized = nil end
Here is the default configuration:
# File lib/resolv.rb, line 959 def Configs . default_config_hash ( filename = "/etc/resolv.conf" ) if File . exist? filename config_hash = Config . parse_resolv_conf ( filename ) else if /mswin|cygwin|mingw|bccwin/ =~ RUBY_PLATFORM require 'win32/resolv' search , nameserver = Win32 :: Resolv . get_resolv_info config_hash = {} config_hash [ :nameserver ] = nameserver if nameserver config_hash [ :search ] = [ search ]. flatten if search end end config_hash || {} end
This demonstrates that Resolv::getaddresses is OS-dependent and that getaddresses returns an empty ret array when supplied with an IP address that fails during a reverse DNS lookup.
Mitigation
I suggest staying away from Resolv::getaddresses altogether and using the Socket library.
irb(main):002:0> Resolv.getaddresses("127.1") => [] irb(main):003:0> Socket.getaddrinfo("127.1", nil).sample[3] => "127.0.0.1"
The Ruby Core dev team suggested using the same library.
The right way to check an address is using OS's resolver instead of resolv.rb if the address is resolved by OS's resolver. For example, Addrinfo.getaddrinfo of socket library can be used.
- Tanaka Akira
% ruby -rsocket -e ' as = Addrinfo.getaddrinfo("192.168.0.1", nil) p as.map {|a| a.ipv4_private? } ' [#<Addrinfo: 192.168.0.1 TCP>, #<Addrinfo: 192.168.0.1 UDP>, #<Addrinfo: 192.168.0.1 SOCK_RAW>] [true, true, true]
Affected Applications and gems
GitLab Community Edition and Enterprise Edition
Link to report: https://hackerone.com/reports/215105
The fix for Mustafa Hasan's report (!17286) could be easily bypassed by abusing this bug. GitLab introduced an exclusion list, but would resolve the user-supplied address using Resolv::getaddresses and then compare the output to the values in the exclusion list. This meant that one could no longer use certain addresses such as http://127.0.0.1 and http://localhost/ , which Mustafa Hasan used in the original report. The bypasses allowed me to scan a GitLab intance's internal network.
GitLab have provided a patch: https://about.gitlab.com/2017/11/08/gitlab-10-dot-1-dot-2-security-release/.
Link to report: https://github.com/jtdowney/private_address_check/issues/1
private_address_check is a Ruby gem that helps prevent SSRF. The actual filtering takes place in lib/private_address_check.rb . The process starts by attempting to resolve the user-supplied URL with Resolv::getaddresses and then compares the returned value with a values in the blacklist. Once again I was able to use the same technique as before with GitLab to bypass this filter.
# File lib/private_address_check.rb, line 32 def resolves_to_private_address? ( hostname ) ips = Resolv . getaddresses ( hostname ) ips . any? do | ip | private_address? ( ip ) end end
Consequently, HackerOne was affected by this bypass, because they use the private_address_check gem to prevent SSRF on the “Integrations” panel: https://hackerone.com/{BBP}/integrations .
Unfortunately, I was unable to exploit this SSRF and therefore the issue only consisted of a filter bypass. HackerOne still encouraged me to report it, because they take any potential security issue into consideration and this bypass demonstrated a potential risk.
This issue was patched in version 0.4.0.
Unaffected applications and gems
This gem is not vulnerable, because it checks if the value returned is empty.
# File lib/ssrf_filter/ssrf_filter.rb, line 116 raise UnresolvedHostname , "Could not resolve hostname ' #{ hostname } '" if ip_addresses . empty?
irb(main):001:0> require 'ssrf_filter' => true irb(main):002:0> SsrfFilter.get("http://127.1/") SsrfFilter::UnresolvedHostname: Could not resolve hostname '127.1' from /var/lib/gems/2.3.0/gems/ssrf_filter-1.0.2/lib/ssrf_filter/ssrf_filter.rb:116:in `block (3 levels) in <class:SsrfFilter>' from /var/lib/gems/2.3.0/gems/ssrf_filter-1.0.2/lib/ssrf_filter/ssrf_filter.rb:107:in `times' from /var/lib/gems/2.3.0/gems/ssrf_filter-1.0.2/lib/ssrf_filter/ssrf_filter.rb:107:in `block (2 levels) in <class:SsrfFilter>' from (irb):2 from /usr/bin/irb:11:in `<main>'
This gem uses Addrinfo.getaddrinfo as recommended by the Ruby Code dev team.
# File lib/faraday/restrict_ip_addresses.rb, line 61 def addresses ( hostname ) Addrinfo . getaddrinfo ( hostname , nil , :UNSPEC , :STREAM ). map { | a | IPAddr . new ( a . ip_address ) } rescue SocketError => e # In case of invalid hostname, return an empty list of addresses [] end
Conclusion
The author would like to acknowledge the help provided by Tom Hudson and Yasin Soliman during the discovery of the bug.
Both John Downey and Arkadiy Tetelman were extremely responsive. John Downey was able to immediately provide a patch, and Arkadiy Tetelman helped me figure out why their gem was not affected by the issue.
Finally, whatever you do, please do not view the source code of this write-up.
Update (Friday, 10 November 2017): I expanded the “Root cause” section in order to better explain the actual issue.
Book tickets now!
This event has ended!
Thank you all for your participation!
– When purchasing a ticket, you are purchasing access to a single 15 minute game in a 1 hour time slot. Although you are not purchasing a specific time, you will have access to a start time within the hour time frame you select
– Once you have your tickets, you can arrive at any point during that hour for a start time. Actual start times will be distributed in 15 minute windows as first come first served for those who purchased during that time window
– If you play Hado and would like to purchase more rounds, door tickets are always available to keep the fun moving forward!
– Example: If you have a team of 6 and would like to play sometime between 5:00 pm and 6:00 pm, you would purchase 6 tickets for 5:00 pm. Please note your start time is based on first come first served, however you will be guaranteed a start time within that window
– Example: If you have a team of 6 and would like to purchase multiple rounds, you would purchase 12 tickets for that time window (1 ticket, per person, per round)
So I got home yesterday from a long day of making teeth for strangers and playing Exploding Kittens, to find a package had been delivered. Could it be? Oh my, my Redditgifts T-shirt exchange gift had arrived. Amazing!. So I go through all the steps, opening and trying on, all while taking pictures, of course. Then I log into Redditgifts to find a message from my Santa explaining that they saw the first package had been delivered and that there should be a second one. (I found the note later) I decided to post today if the second package wasn't delivered, but when I got home the second shirt had arrived. Thank you Santa, you have made the end of this very long week of work quite enjoyable!!
In a world of sports clichés, we heard the obvious one targeted at the youth-driven Philadelphia Union: They are wet behind the ears. They need seasoning. They need veterans.
Well, manager John Hackworth took care of that in a big way this week, bringing back former Union forward Sébastien Le Toux (28) and trading for Philly-area native Jeff Parke (30).
But Hackworth didn't just add a couple of names to merely bump up the average age of their starting lineup. Le Toux and Parke will help reestablish the all-important "team culture" which went through an identity crisis at PPL Park when the faces of the franchise left earlier this year.
Ex-manager Peter Nowak was the spirit and essentially the spokesperson for the team before they were canned in June. They set the tone for the Union with their sideline scowl and their Eastern European steel, which fit like a glove with the hard-nosed grit of Philadelphia.
Le Toux, before they were surprisingly traded to Vancouver, embodied the high-pressure, hard-working spirit of the side on the pitch.
WATCH: Le Toux highlight reel
And Danny Mwanga, shipped out to Portland, was the centerpiece of the Union's youth movement which separated the club from others around the league.
So the unassuming Hackworth was left to pick up the pieces following all the upheaval and play the role of psychologist, working to inject a dose of confidence and belief into a program which was effectively derailed.
And Hackworth succeeded. Despite not making the playoffs in 2012, there was a distinct feeling that things were heading in the right direction in Philadelphia.
Now the offseason gives Hackworth the chance to take that next step, which is where this week's moves now come into play.
Le Toux, a former MLS All-Star, is heading into their fifth season in the league, but they enjoyed their most productive years while in a Union uniform during 2010 and 2011 (25 goals and 20 assists).
They created a @SadLandon account for LA Galaxy captain Landon Donovan while they ponder their future. But they should've also created a @SadSeba handle. The two trades in a year turned Le Toux's life upside-down and they say they never settled in at the Whitecaps or Red Bulls. They only ever had eyes for Philly. "I hope to stay here forever," the Frenchman says.
"I'm really proud to wear this color and this jersey and play for Philadelphia," Le Toux said at their press conference on Friday. "I think I was meant to be here. It's a team I love and a city [where] I love to live."
If Le Toux felt like that after two years in Philly, imagine what it's going to be like for Parke to go back home. The eight years spent playing in other cities across the US and Canada never took the "Philadelphia" out of Parke, who is arguably coming off their best season in MLS.
Some wondered how new head coach John Hackworth would do in the player acquisition market given their relatively limited experience. Turns out they didn't have to do much scouting and networking for their first two acquisitions.
Le Toux will slip right back into their preferred forward position playing off the shoulder of Jack McInerney (bye-bye attacking midfield hopes for Freddy Adu).
Meanwhile, Parke adds to a deep centerback corps that already features captain Carlos Valdés (will a Parke-Valdés pairing prove too slow in MLS?), the yet-to-be-fit Bakary Soumare and the revelation of 2012: midfielder-turned defender Amobi Okugo.
One is an adopted Philadelphian (Le Toux). The other is born-and-bred hardcore Philadelphian (Parke). But they both will feel just the same amount of pride playing inside PPL Park. The Union may be heading into only their fourth season, but they already have players who are ready to fight to the end for the jersey.
Now all Hackworth has to do is harness that pride and translate it into a playoff berth.
LISTEN: Why these officers were kicked out of a Cheesecake Factory Your browser does not support the audio element.
Officers with the Department of Corrections were recently ousted from the Cheesecake Factory restaurant at the Tacoma Mall. Why? Because they were carrying their sidearms.
“They had seated us in the back area,” Miriam Nichols told KIRO Radio's Jason Rantz. “Shortly after the rest of our party arrived, we were asked to leave because we were carrying our firearms with us. They said they did not allow firearms in their establishment.”
Related: King County Sheriff says giving inexperienced people a gun is a ‘huge mistake'
The group was seated in the back of the restaurant, Nichols noted. They avoided making too large of a scene as the officers showed their badges and law enforcement identification to the Cheesecake Factory managers, explaining why they — as officers — had guns on them.
“They said it didn't matter and they asked us to leave,” Nichols said. “We left quietly and tried not to make more of a scene than it already was.”
Cheesecake Factory management was polite, they said, and weren't trying to be rude over the situation.
“There are only so many ways to politely kick someone out of an establishment, though,” Nichols said.
“I was a little floored that it was even happening,” they said. “This wasn't the first place that my colleagues and I have gone to lunch … having contact with clients, offenders, the general public, while on duty. This is the first time we had this reaction.”
Cheesecake Factory responds
The incident at the Tacoma Mall Cheesecake Factory made its way onto social media where it garnered considerable attention. Nichols said that people responded to it with outrage and disbelief.
“It's kind of given that law enforcement carry firearms,” Nichols said.
It didn't take long for the Cheesecake Factory's corporate level management to respond. The restaurant released a statement:
Our policy is to allow uniformed and identified law enforcement officials to possess their service weapons on our premises. To the extent that there was a miscommunication of our policy, we sincerely apologize.
Nichols said their department has been contacted and the restaurant wants to rectify the situation. They have been told that there was a miscommunication with the Tacoma management and that the company does not have a policy to ban law enforcement with firearms from their restaurants.
“They said it was not a corporate policy that law enforcement cannot be there,” Nichols said. “In fact, they do allow law enforcement to be there, carrying firearms concealed or open carry because they are law enforcement. They are sincerely sorry about how this was handled. It was misinformation from the manger to us that got this whole situation started.”
Election Day 2014 is Tuesday, Nov. 4. Hours across the state are 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Election Day 2014 is Tuesday, Nov. 4. Hours across the state are 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Here's what's on Tuesday's ballot 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Here are the candidates on the area ballots in Tuesday's election.
Party designations: D is Democrat, R is Republican, C is Conservative, I am Independence, ind. is independent, W is Working Families, G is Green, L is Libertarian, WEP is Women's Equality Party, S is Sapient, SCC is Stop Common Core, LJ is Life and Justice.
Here are some recent Times Union stories profiling races:
Governor
Attorney General
State Comptroller
State Supreme Court
State propositions
Troy judges
Rensselaer County District Attorney
U.S. HOUSE of REPRESENTATIVES
19th District
Sean Eldridge (D-W)
Chris Gibson (R-C-I)
20th District
Paul Tonko (D-I-W)
James Fischer (R-C)
21st District
Aaron Woolf (D-W)
Elise Stefanik (R-C-I)
Matthew Funiciello (G)
NEW YORK STATE
Governor
Andrew Cuomo (D-I-W-WEP)
Rob Astorino (R-C-SCC)
Howie Hawkins (G)
Steve Cohn (S)
Michael McDermott (L)
Lt. Governor
Kathy Hochul (D-I-W-WEP)
Chris Moss (R-C-SCC)
Brian Jones (G)
Bobby Kalotee (S)
Chris Edes (L)
Comptroller
Thomas DiNapoli (D-I-W-WEP)
Robert Antonacci (R-C-SCC)
Theresa Portelli (G)
John Clifton (L)
Attorney General
Eric Schneiderman (D-I-W-WEP)
John Cahill (R-C-SCC)
Ramon Jiminez (G)
Carl Person (L)
Statewide propositions
Redistricting changes
Electronic legislative bills
Smart Schools bond act
Supreme Court 3rd District
Justin Corcoran (D-I)
Lisa Fisher (R)
SENATE
43rd District
Brian Howard (D-W)
Kathleen Marchione (R-C-I)
44th District
Neil Breslin (D-I-W)
46th District
Cecilia Tkaczyk (D-W-G)
George Amedore (R-C-I-SCC)
49th District
Madelyn Thorne (D-W)
Hugh Farley (R-C-I-SCC)
ASSEMBLY
102nd District
Peter Lopez (R-C-I)
107th District
Philip Malone (D-W)
Steven McLaughlin (R-C-I-SCC)
108th District
John McDonald (D-I-W)
Carl Gottstein (R-C-LJ)
109th District
Patricia Fahy (D-W)
Jesse Calhoun (R-C-SCC)
110th District
Phillip Steck (D-I-W)
Thomas Jasiewicz (R-C)
111th District
Angelo Santabarbara (D-I-W)
Peter Vroman (R-C)
112th District
Jared Hickey (D)
James Tedisco (R-C-I-SCC)
113th District
Carrie Woerner (D-W)
Steve Sallmer (R-C-I)
ALBANY COUNTY
Family Court judge (2)
Richard Rivera (D-I)
Margaret Walsh (D-W)
Surrogate Court judge
Stacy Pettit (D-W)
Richard Sherwood (I)
ALBANY
City Court judge
Gary Stiglmeier (D)
Board of Education (2 seats)
Edith Leet
Sharon Rowe
Kenneth Bruce
Anne Savage
BERNE
Council (1 seat)
Dawn Jordan (D-I)
Richard Otto (R)
Highway superintendent
Edward Hampton (D)
Randy Bashwinger (R)
BETHLEHEM
Justice
Ryan Donovan (D-I)
COEYMANS
Justice
Kevin Reilly (D-C-I)
COHOES
Council 3rd Ward
Bill Ricard (D)
GREEN ISLAND
Council
Erica Milliner-Gardner (D)
GREEN ISLAND (village)
Trustee (3 seats)
Michele Bourgeois (D)
Richard R. Jones (D)
Barbara Belokopitsky (D)
RENSSELAERVILLE
Justice
Ronald Bates (D-R-C-I)
WATERVLIET
Council
Nicholas Foglia (D-C-I)
RENSSELAER COUNTY
District Attorney
Carmelo Laquidara (D-W-G)
Joel Abelove (R-C-I)
BERLIN
Assessor
David J. McNally (R-C-I)
BRUNSWICK
Clerk
William J. Lewis III (R-C-I)
GRAFTON
Justice (2 seats)
Rebecca Snyder-Greene (D)
Patrick Ivory (D)
Kenneth Bruno (R-C-I)
Pierce Hoyt (R-C-I)
Council (1 seat)
Eric Buckley (D)
Ingrid Gundrum (R-C-I)
HOOSICK
Council (1 seat)
Joyce Brewer (R-C-I-W)
Jennifer Hyde (D-ind.)
NASSAU
Justice
Michael Conway (R-C-I)
Council
Robert Rings (R-C-I)
NORTH GREENBUSH
Council
Kelly C. Hoffman (R-C-I)
PETERSBURGH
Council (2 seats)
Alan Webster (D)
Neil Geary (D)
Clerk
Deidra Michaels (D)
PITTSTOWN
Council
Tanya Lipinski (R-C-I)
Highway superintendent
Matthew Demars (R-C-I)
POESTENKILL
Justice
Thomas Slavin Jr. (R-C-I)
SCHAGHTICOKE
Justice
Jaime Thomas (R-C-I)
SCHODACK
Justice
Bruce Wagner (R-C-I)
STEPHENTOWN
Justice
John Meekins (R-C-I)
TROY
City Court judge (2 seats)
Keith Gorman (D)
Christopher Maier (D-C-W-I-G)
Jill Kehn (R-C-W-I-G)
SARATOGA COUNTY
County Court Judge
James A. Murphy III (R-C-I)
District Attorney
Karen Heggen (R-C-I)
Treasurer
Andrew Jarosh (R-C-I)
BALLSTON
Justice
John Fantauzzi (R-C-I)
CHARLTON
Assessor
Victoria Hayner (R)
DAY
Council
Curtis Schreiner (R)
Highway superintendent
Ronald Ladd (R)
EDINBURG
Assessor
Ronald Beckering (R)
GALWAY
Council
Joanne Peregrim-Grant (R)
GREENFIELD
Justice
Michael Ginley (R-C-I)
HALFMOON
Council (3-year)
Deanna Stephenson (D)
Jeremy Connors (R-C)
Council (1-year)
Joseph Christopher (D)
Daphne Jordan (R-C-I)
MILTON
Justice
John Mancini (R-I)
Council
Bruce Couture (R)
Crandall Public Library Trustee (2)
Mark Lebowitz
Michael Marman
NORTHUMBERLAND
Council
John Delisle (R)
Highway superintendent
Harold Vance Jr. (R)
SARATOGA
Justice
Kurt Mausert (D)
Daniel Waldron (R-C-I)
SCHENECTADY COUNTY
County Judge
Kenneth Litz (R-I)
Matthew Sypniewski (D-C-W-G)
Family Court Judge
Jill Polk (D)
Deanna Siegel (R)
Ursula Hall (C-W-I-G)
County Clerk
John Woodward (D-C-W-I)
SCHENECTADY
City Council (1 year)
Edward Kosiur (D-C-W-I)
Joseph Kelleher (R-ind.)
City Council (3 year)
John Ferrari (D-C-I)
Robert Barnes (R-ind.)
Schenectady City Judge
Robert W. Hoffman (D-C-W-I)
Kathryn McCary (R-ind.)
GLENVILLE
Justice
Brian DeLaFleur (D-C-W-G)
Jennifer McPhail (R-I)
PRINCETOWN
Clerk
Sandra Fortune (R-C-I)
Justice
Michelle VanWoeart (D-C-W-G)
Norman Miller (R-I)
SCOTIA
Mayor
Kris Kastberg (D-C-W-I)
Patrick Aragosa (R-ind.)
Trustee (2 seats)
Joseph Rizzo (D-C-W-I)
Greg Zeman (D-C)
Jill Dunster (R-ind.)
Keven Mathes (R-I-ind.)
Justice
Jason Frament (D-C-W-I-G)
Theodore Cayer (R-ind.)
GREENE COUNTY
District Attorney
Paul Salvino (D-I-W)
Joseph Stanzione (R-C-SCC)
Teaching your kids healthy eating all starts with trips to the supermarket. (Image) iStock
Here's how to toe the line without going overboard.
When it comes to children and food, parents these days face a tough conundrum. On the one hand, we're constantly being told that we're in the midst of an obesity epidemic but we also know that eating disorders are a real threat to young people.
So how can you help your children develop a healthy relationship with food so that they aren't tempted to over-do it and end up dangerously overweight or starve themselves to copy their favourite Instagrammer?
"Parents face a double-edged sword," Professor Susan Sawyer, director of the Royal Children's Hospital's Centre for Adolescent Health, told Coach.
"On one hand, you don't want kids growing up overweight but on the other hand you have to be very careful about the messages you give because you don't want to engender unhealthy relationships with food."
After 25 years working in children's health, Professor Sawyer has the following advice:
Remove guilt from food
One of the best things parents can do for their children is to avoid framing foods as something to feel guilty about.
Professor Sawyer suggests parents get used to referring to foods as "everyday" foods or "sometimes" foods so that children learn to understand that healthy foods should be eaten all of the time and high-fat or high-sugar are reserved for parties or special occasions.
"The sorts of foods we want kids to be eating every day are not fizzy drinks or chocolates and cakes," they explain.
"[But] in the context of an obesity epidemic, those sorts of foods shouldn't be framed as foods we should feel badly about eating. These foods [can] be special foods that you eat at parties or special celebrations."
By making sure your children follow a healthy diet from a young age, with treat foods as well, you'll give them the best chance of remaining slim.
"Adolescents typically want to start out eating in a more healthy way, typically because of dissatisfaction with their appearance," Professor Sawyer points out.
"A little bit of success then engenders a slippery slope to an increasing loss of weight."
Lead by example
You can yell at your kids to eat healthy all you like but if your pantry is stocked with biscuits, chips and chocolate that you eat regularly, then you're going to have a hard time getting your message across.
"If energy-rich foods aren't bought on a regular basis, it avoids the very debate that can occur at the end of a busy day," Professor Sawyer says.
"Children learn by doing and by observing."
The way parents talk about food and how often they engage in exercise can also have a significant influence over their children's health habits.
"It begins from birth – we learn whether food is framed as a reward for children being good or whether it's framed as there being 'good' foods and 'bad' foods rather than the notion of everyday foods and special foods," Professor Sawyer explains.
"Parents may need to ask, 'How physically active are we? What are the sort of activities we might do as families?' There are some tremendous opportunities that come from parents doing activities together with their kids."
RELATED: Here's why you shouldn't reward your toddler with food
Teach them to be social media savvy
As kids get older, their peers start to influence their feelings about food and their bodies, and these days social media gives young people a broader community to compare themselves to.
"Brain maturation in the adolescent years … gives them a pressing capacity to compare and contrast themselves to others, particularly in terms of physical appearance, social status and relative worth," Professor Sawyer explains.
"Young people become more motivated to look and act a particular way in order to fit in with that social group. [And] for young people growing up now, their comparative population is the world's 1.8 billion young people in the world."
Professor Sawyer says that social media is giving young people an "unattainable notion of perfection" to compare themselves to, and parents need to be ready to support them and help them understand the staging and editing of the imagery they are often exposed to.
"The role of parents has shifted to not just parenting in the home, but also to helping young people negotiate their engagement in social media," Professor Sawyer explains.
Keep conversation lines open
One of the easiest ways to keep tabs on your children's relationship with food and their bodies is to facilitate opportunities for relaxed chats about what is on their mind.
"Whether it's driving to sporting activities or walking the dog together ... spending time together to talk and cement relationships is a strategy to allow more complex conversations to happen when kids get older," Professor Sawyer says.
Pilate therefore said to Him: Art thou a King then? Jesus answered: Thou sayest that I am a King. For this I was born, and for this came I into the world, that I should give testimony to the truth. Every one that is of the truth, heareth My voice.
– John 23:37
The Catholic Church speaks of a three-fold office of Christ – that of priest, prophet, and king. Very few of us, it seems fair to say, would struggle with an acceptance of the first two facets of Christ's mission. But what of Their Kingship? We hear it preached (if we hear it at all) as a spiritual kingship – a kingship, as it were, over our hearts.
In their 1925 Encyclical, Quas Primas, Pope Pius XI established the feast of Christ the King – celebrated yesterday in the 1962 liturgical calendar, and next month in the new. The pope wrote in affirmation of this spiritual kingship:
It has long been a common custom to give to Christ the metaphorical title of “King,” because of the high degree of perfection whereby they excel all creatures. So they are said to reign “in the hearts of men,” both by reason of the keenness of their intellect and the extent of their knowledge, and also because they are very truth, and it is from them that truth must be obediently received by all humankind. They reign, too, in the wills of men, for in them the human will was perfectly and entirely obedient to the Holy Will of God, and further by their grace and inspiration they so subject our free-will as to incite us to the most noble endeavors.  They are King of hearts, too, by reason of their “charity which exceedeth all knowledge.” And their mercy and kindness which draw all men to him, for never has it been known, nor will it ever be, that man be loved so much and so universally as Jesus Christ.
It would be easy enough to stop there. And for many Catholics, this is the only dimension of Christ's Kingship about which we ever hear. But Pope Pius XI did not end the preceding paragraph there. They continued:
But if we ponder this matter more deeply, we cannot but see that the title and the power of King belongs to Christ as man in the strict and proper sense too. For it is only as man that they may be said to have received from the Father “power and glory and a kingdom,” since the Word of God, as consubstantial with the Father, has all things in common with him, and therefore has necessarily supreme and absolute dominion over all things created.
“Supreme and absolute dominion over all things created.” It wouldn't be a daring wager to say that nearly every Christian alive today would agree that Christ's dominion over nature, over creatures, and the universe itself is absolute. But this statement finds not a few objectors when applied to the civic sphere. For if Christ is indeed a king — The King of Kings — then surely, every nation on earth must owe Him homage.
And in fact, this is precisely what Pope Pius XI asserts. I will emphasize certain passages of particular importance:
Thus the empire of our Redeemer embraces all men. To use the words of Our immortal predecessor, Pope Leo XIII: “His empire includes not only Catholic nations, not only baptized persons who, though of right belonging to the Church, have been led astray by error, or have been cut off from them by schism, but also all those who are outside the Christian faith; so that truly the whole of humankind is subject to the power of Jesus Christ.” Nor is there any difference in this matter between the individual and the family or the State; for all men, whether collectively or individually, are under the dominion of Christ. In them is the salvation of the individual, in them is the salvation of society. “Neither is there salvation in any other, for there is no other name under heaven given to men whereby we must be saved.”  They are the author of happiness and true prosperity for every man and for every nation. “For a nation is happy when its citizens are happy. What else is a nation but a number of men living in concord?” If, therefore, the rulers of nations wish to preserve their authority, to promote and increase the prosperity of their countries, they will not neglect the public duty of reverence and obedience to the rule of Christ. What We said at the beginning of Our Pontificate concerning the decline of public authority, and the lack of respect for the same, is equally true at the present day. “With God and Jesus Christ,” we said, “excluded from political life, with authority derived not from God but from man, the very basis of that authority has been taken away, because the chief reason of the distinction between ruler and subject has been eliminated. The result is that human society is tottering to its fall, because it has no longer a secure and solid foundation.” When once men recognize, both in private and in public life, that Christ is King, society will at last receive the great blessings of real liberty, well-ordered discipline, peace and harmony. Our Lord's regal office invests the human authority of princes and rulers with a religious significance; it ennobles the citizen's duty of obedience. It is for this reason that St. Paul, while bidding wives revere Christ in their husbands, and slaves respect Christ in their masters, warns them to give obedience to them not as men, but as the vicegerents of Christ; for it is not meet that men redeemed by Christ should serve their fellow-men. “You are bought with a price; be not made the bond-slaves of men.” If princes and magistrates duly elected are filled with the persuasion that they rule, not by their own right, but by the mandate and in the place of the Divine King, they will exercise their authority piously and wisely, and they will make laws and administer them, having in view the common good and also the human dignity of their subjects. The result will be a stable peace and tranquility, for there will be no longer any cause of discontent. Men will see in their king or in their rulers men like themselves, perhaps unworthy or open to criticism, but they will not on that account refuse obedience if they see reflected in them the authority of Christ God and Man. Peace and harmony, too, will result; for with the spread and the universal extent of the kingdom of Christ men will become more and more conscious of the link that binds them together, and thus many conflicts will be either prevented entirely or at least their bitterness will be diminished. If the kingdom of Christ, then, receives, as it should, all nations under its way, there seems no reason why we should despair of seeing that peace which the King of Peace came to bring on earth — they who came to reconcile all things, who came not to be ministered unto but to minister, who, though Lord of all, gave themselves to us as a model of humility, and with their principal law united the precept of charity; who said also: “My yoke is sweet and my burden light.” Oh, what happiness would be Ours if all men, individuals, families, and nations, would but let themselves be governed by Christ! “Then at length,” to use the words addressed by our predecessor, Pope Leo XIII, twenty-five years ago to the bishops of the Universal Church, “then at length will many evils be cured; then will the law regain its former authority; peace with all its blessings be restored. Men will sheathe their swords and lay down their arms when all freely acknowledge and obey the authority of Christ, and every tongue confesses that the Lord Jesus Christ is in the glory of God the Father.”
In a world wherein we speak so often of “religious liberty” and the “separation of Church and State,” it is difficult for us to conceptualize such a social reign of Christ. The language of the Church themselves has been nuanced to such an extent that we strain to find even the faintest echoes of Quas Primas in Dignitatis Humanae, Vatican II's declaration on religious freedom.
The religious acts whereby men, in private and in public and out of a sense of personal conviction, direct their lives to God transcend by their very nature the order of terrestrial and temporal affairs. Government therefore ought indeed to take account of the religious life of the citizenry and show it favor, since the function of government is to make provision for the common welfare. However, it would clearly transgress the limits set to its power, were it to presume to command or inhibit acts that are religious.
What does it mean to “command” an “act that is religious”? Would this include the declaration of a national holiday on the feast of Corpus Christi or Christ the King? What about imagery of the Blessed Mother or the Sacred Heart within the halls of government or on a nation's flag? Would public references to doctrinal belief in legal documents or a national constitution violate this norm?
It is very tempting, in a world that has grown so small, and which experiences so much cultural cross-pollination, to embrace as a matter of law an egalitarian religious indifferentism. How do we account for the differing faiths of so many people in melting pots like America? Our nation was founded in large part on the principle that the government “shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;”. And yet, is this not the very sort of thing that Pope Pius XI warned against when they admonished rulers not to neglect “the public duty of reverence and obedience to the rule of Christ”?
It is eminently sensible to agree that in matters of religion, coercion is never desirable. Still, the establishment of the True Faith as a state religion is something other than coercion – it is confession. It lays down the bedrock principles upon which an nation is founded, the moral precepts to which it adheres, and the personal Godhead who gave it both. The plain (though forgotten) fact is that the Catholic Church has always believed — and Quas Primas affirmed — that making laws according to Christ's precepts and ruling by Christ's mandate is the only truly appropriate governance of society. Indeed, Pope Pius XI observed the result of failing to do so even in their own time:
The empire of Christ over all nations was rejected. The right which the Church has from Christ himself, to teach humankind, to make laws, to govern peoples in all that pertains to their eternal salvation, that right was denied. Then gradually the religion of Christ came to be likened to false religions and to be placed ignominiously on the same level with them. It was then put under the power of the state and tolerated more or less at the whim of princes and rulers. Some men went even further, and wished to set up in the place of God's religion a natural religion consisting in some instinctive affection of the heart. There were even some nations who thought they could dispense with God, and that their religion should consist in impiety and the neglect of God. The rebellion of individuals and states against the authority of Christ has produced deplorable consequences.
Is this not the situation we find ourselves in today? Vicious, savagely immoral governments are all that is to be found now in the post-Christian West. Catholics are reduced to pleas for the very sort of religious liberty the Church once condemned as an error, and are forced to embrace the essentially anarchic principles of libertarianism, all out of desperation to preserve their ability to simply continue to exist “ignominiously on the same level” with other, false religions. Meanwhile, pagan and occult practices are on the rise — not underground, but in the open — because no logical excuse exists by which the secular state can deny them the same freedom as any other religion already given equal footing in the public square. Pluralism for one is, we are learning the hard way, pluralism for all.
In the absence of governments rightly ordered and subordinate to the Kingship of Christ, we see that the words of Pope Pius XI have become devastatingly true: “human society is tottering to its fall, because it has no longer a secure and solid foundation.”
So what do we do?
While there is no clear political path to a restoration of a truly Catholic civil sphere, we may have confidence that such a situation can and will return if God so wills it – and many of Their saints have prophesied just such a resurgence out of the ashes of societal collapse. For our part, a path to the Social Kingship of Christ begins, as with so many aspects of Catholic restoration, in our homes and families. It begins with acknowledging to ourselves and others that Christ is not merely the King of Hearts, but of all men, and of all nations. It begins with a resurgence of the devotion known as the Enthronement of the Sacred Heart, in which we make Christ literally the King of our homes. It begins with the daily recitation of the Renewal of the Consecration of the Family to the Enthroned Sacred Heart, in which we profess:
Most sweet Jesus, humbly kneeling at Thy feet, we renew the consecration of our family to Thy Divine Heart. Be Thou our King forever. In Thee we have full and entire confidence. May Thy spirit penetrate our thoughts, our desires, our words and our works. Bless our undertakings, share in our joys, in our trials and in our labours. Grant us to know Thee more, to serve Thee without faltering. By the Immaculate Heart of Mary, Queen of Peace, set up Thy kingdom in our country. Enter closely into the midst of our families and make them Thine own through the solemn enthronement of Thy Sacred Heart so that no one cry may respond from home to home. May the triumphant Heart of Jesus be everywhere loved, blessed and glorified forever! Honour and glory to the Sacred Heart of Jesus and Mary. Sacred Heart of Jesus protect our families. Amen.
Christus vincit! Christus regnat! Christus imperat!
Originally published on Oct 27, 2014.
Several prominent Torontonians see the upcoming Pan Am Games as a dry run for a possible Olympic bid — including Mayor John Tory.
In an interview with the National Post, Tory praised the Pan Am Games for bringing much-needed infrastructure to Toronto and suggested future games could do even more.
“Whether it's the Olympics or the Pan Am Games or this kind of things, they open on a given day and you have to be ready,” they said. “The train to the airport … wouldn't be running yet if the Pan Am Games weren't happening.”
Tory wouldn't commit to anything specific, saying he'd be guided by how “the overall Pan Am story goes.”
“But if you said to me, ‘Do I believe these international games are useful?'
“Yes I do.”
Toronto has tried and failed to bring the summer Olympics home twice before, in 1996 and 2008. The head of the Canadian Olympic Committee, Marcel Aubet, recently told the Toronto Star the city is primed to make another bid.
“My view is this country should look at the Summer Games as a priority and there's not any other city in the country other than Toronto that could offer the site to do this,” Aubet told the newspaper.
Recent changes to Olympic bid rules, meanwhile, mean many of the facilities Ontario built for the Pan Am Games could be reused for a future Olympics, said Bob Richardson, the well-connected organizer behind Toronto's Pan Am bid.
“Sochi was a wake-up call in terms of cost,” they said. “I think it's a much more flexible proposition now.”
Richardson, who co-chaired Tory's successful mayoral campaign, said the city's priority for now should be on the Pan Am Games, which open on July 10. “We haven't done anything for 80 years,” they said. “Let's get this one right before we start worrying about the next one.”
Deputy Mayor Glenn De Baeremaeker, though, said he's already become a “reluctant convert” to the Olympic idea.
“As much as I hate to admit it, I think the answer is yes,” they said when asked if he'd support an Olympic bid.
De Baeremaeker believes the Olympics would guarantee a vast investment in Toronto infrastructure. “For better or for worse, these international events do seem to be the trigger that makes us build things,” they said.
De Baeremaeker said he'd personally push for projects like the downtown relief subway line — an idea mooted in Toronto for decades — to be included in an Olympic proposal.
“It's a sad state of affairs that it takes a special event to make sure we get good transit,” they said.
In the lead-up to the 2010 Winter Olympics, the Vancouver region saw vast infrastructure spending. Long-delayed projects that included a new highway to Whistler, a rail link to the airport and a convention centre were all rushed to completion, largely with provincial and federal funds.
“I honestly think that if you align your legacies with real problems that a host has, a region has, you can do an incredible job with the amount of money that seems available from other levels of government,” said Robert VanWynsberghe, a University of British Columbia professor who studied the financial legacy of the Games for the Canadian Olympic Committee and the International Olympic Committee.
Toronto councillors mulled over a bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics, but the economic development committee rejected the idea last year. The city has until Sept. 15 to reverse that decision and, with the National Olympic Committee's support, put its name forward to the IOC.
Despite reports of wide apathy in the city and complaints of pending traffic chaos during the 16-day Pan Am Games, Tory said they've already been a success in terms of what they've brought the city, including the Union Pearson Express service and the new Scarborough aquatic centre.
“I do believe that's one of the reasons you apply for these international events,” they said. “They set deadlines.”
National Post
• Email: rwarnica@nationalpost.com | Twitter: richardwarnica
Alex Salmond has launched a blistering attack on the BBC's political editor Nick Robinson.
Saying they had waited to speak out due to the reporter's battle with cancer, Salmond has hit out in the wake of Robinson's appearance at the Edinburgh book festival last week.
The BBC veteran had compared protests against their coverage of the Scottish independence referendum to scenes witnessed in Vladimir Putin's Russia.
However, Salmond has slammed such comments, saying Robinson should be “ashamed” of their work with the beeb.
“I am glad that the BBC's Nick Robinson has been restored to health,” they said.
“For some months I have said nothing at all about auld Nick because it is unfair to criticise someone who is not able to answer back.
“Now they are back.
“The BBC's coverage of the Scottish referendum was a disgrace.
“It can be shown to be so, as was Nick's own reporting of which they should be both embarrassed and ashamed.”
Comparisons with Putin's Russia were described by Salmond as “ludicrous”.
“To compare, as Nick did last week, 4000 Scots peacefully protesting outside BBC Scotland as something akin to Putin's Russia is as ludicrous as it is insulting,” Salmond continued.
“It is also heavily ironic given that the most commonly used comparison with the BBC London treatment of the Scottish referendum story was with Pravda, the propaganda news agency in the old Soviet Union.”
* Don't miss Salmond's full and exclusive column in which they also hit out at “blatant rigging of the power market in Scotland” in Monday's Courier, also available as a digital edition.
Want these election updates emailed to you right when they're published? Sign up here.
Gary Johnson averaged just 7 percentage points in 11 polls released on Thursday, continuing a string of bad results for the Libertarian Party nominee. At the same time, the number of undecided voters appears to be falling. Those two trends are combining to remove some of the uncertainty in our forecasts — historically, the number of undecided and third-party voters has been strongly correlated with both polling volatility and polling error. The share of voters not supporting the major-party candidates remains higher than it was at this point in the 2012 campaign, for example, but the more it shrinks, the safer Hillary Clinton's lead becomes.
Clinton and Donald Trump now combine for a little over 84 percent of the vote. That's the highest their combined share has been since we started issuing our forecasts in June. There hasn't been a huge change, but it's meaningful.
All this shouldn't be too surprising. We're now only about a month away from the election; more voters are making up their minds. In recent elections, moreover, third-party candidates have tended to fade in the polls as Election Day approaches — Johnson and Jill Stein, the Green Party nominee, appear to be following the same trend.
With more voters committed to one of the two major-party nominees, Trump simply has fewer people they can appeal to in order to make up their current deficit, which makes Clinton's lead more secure. A 5-percentage-point lead with about 15 percent of the electorate undecided or voting for a third-party candidate (about where the race currently stands) is far better than a 5-point lead with over 20 percent of the electorate undecided or voting for a third-party candidate (about where the race was in mid-June). That's part of the reason that Clinton's chances of winning the election are in the upper 70s now, while they were in the low 70s back in June.
It's not yet right to call the 2016 campaign normal, though. While we have seen a decline in the percentage of voters who are undecided or holding out for a third-party candidate, it's still much higher than it was in the past few election cycles. This is easy to see in a graphic put together by Drew Linzer, who runs the Daily Kos Elections forecast:
Update since last month: People choosing Other or Undecided on national presidential polls is falling, but still 6-8% more than '08 and '12 pic.twitter.com/92ttaYuCch — Drew Linzer (@DrewLinzer) October 5, 2016
Linzer's chart helps explain a weird quirk of this election. For the most part, Clinton's lead over Trump has been larger than the one President Obama had over Mitt Romney at comparable points in the campaign. Yet, at those moments, Clinton's chances of winning have been lower than Obama's were, according to our forecasts. That's because of the larger third-party and undecided vote this year, which is why it's important not only to pay attention to the margin between Trump and Clinton, but also to the percentage that each candidate is getting. Four years ago, Obama was regularly in the upper 40s, while Clinton has generally been stuck in the low-to-mid 40s. If the gap between Clinton and Trump narrowed by a point or two, it wouldn't hurt them much — as long as they moved closer to getting 50 percent of the vote.
To illustrate this, let's cut the number of third-party and undecided voters in half, distributing them equally between Clinton and Trump. In that scenario, our model would peg Clinton as a stronger favorite. Instead of winning 78 percent of the time in our polls-only forecast, they would win 85 percent of the time. In our nowcast, which projects the results in a hypothetical election held today, Clinton's chances jump from 86 percent to 93 percent. And in our polls-plus forecast — our most conservative model — Clinton's chances go from 75 percent to 80 percent.
The clear uptick in Clinton's odds in these scenarios is worth keeping in mind as we head into the second debate, on Sunday. Although Clinton would benefit from a wider margin between Trump and herself, they would also benefit if more voters made up their mind — even if those undecideds split evenly between the major-party nominees. The opposite is true for Trump. They would benefit if they could shrink the margin, but they should at the very least hope to make voters think twice before committing to either candidate.
Glenn Beck's not on Fox News this week, leaving everyone to wonder why not and, more importantly, where they went. Forced off the air by an advertiser boycott? The Hamptons? An Obama re-education camp? We know where, but not why.
The folks who think really hard about the machinations behind cable news — that'd include us — are wondering: Was Glenn Beck forced off the air this week by contrite Fox News executives in the wake of an advertiser boycott over their increasingly insane meltdowns? Or does Fox just want you to think that?
TVNewser reported today, citing "several sources inside" Fox News, that Glenn Beck was pulled off the air and sent on a forced, unscheduled vacation this week after executives became increasingly alarmed over the advertiser exodus from their show and wanted to "let some of the heat surrounding them die down." If true, that would be an almost unprecedented instance of the network backing down—rather than its preferred tactic of attacking viciously—in the face of criticism. Aside from the firing of E.D. Hill after their "terrorist fist jab" remark and an oblique apology after a graphic referred to Michelle Obama as "Obama's Babymama," it's hard to recall a case where the famously truculent network acknowledged criticism or reacted defensively.
Fortunately for fans of Fox's unrestrained dickishiness, it's not true: Not long after the TVNewser posted the item, Beck's personal publicist Matthew Hiltzik provided evidence to Politico that Beck's vacation was long-planned: An e-mail from an employee of their production company, dated July 14, saying, "All: Glenn will be off of radio & TV the week of August 17th, returning to air August 24th." Beck didn't start getting into serious trouble until July 28, when they said Barack Obama hates white people. So if it's authentic, the e-mail is fairly solid proof that Beck was planning to be out long before their latest psychotic episode began.
For what it's worth, a tipster tells us that they spotted Beck with their family and a bodyguard—so much for that "just us folks" image—leaving the Museum of Natural History today in Manhattan at about 12:30 p.m. So whether the vacation was planned or not, there was no travel involved.
So what gives? The strange thing about the TVNewser report was the response from Fox's flack: "A Fox News spokesperson denied our accounts and simply told us, 'Glenn Beck will back on Monday.'" That's awful weak stuff considering how easy it would have been to simply knock down the story from the start by, say, providing the e-mail proving that Beck's vacation was long-planned. And the fact that it was Beck's personal publicist, who's paid to look out for Beck's image and not Fox's, who eventually got that e-mail out there leads us to the following highly improbable-and-yet-irresistible conspiracy theory:
Fox deliberately planted the forced-vacation story, knowing it was false. The network generally has no interest in placating critics, but it is highly motivated to placate advertisers, who have moved their spots off Beck's show in droves. Beck's sudden absence from the air presented an opportunity to appear to be sensitive to criticism without actually doing anything: By spreading word that they were taken off the air, advertisers see that Fox has gotten the message. But by not actually taking Beck off the air, they don't have to deal with the blowback from Beck. That would explain the difference between the two flacks' responses. Fox's flack remained deliberately vague enough to keep the story alive, while Beck's flack provided the proof that would have killed it from the get-go.
If you think that's a preposterous theory, you're right. But you've also never worked with the Fox News' dedicated public relations team.
by Brett Stevens on April 19, 2017
Democracy is based on the idea that all people are equal, or able to utilize equal “reason” in making choices, and therefore that a mass vote will result in a sensible choice. Let us see how that is working out through the filter of literacy, which tells us how much people are able to read and assess versus simply repeating what they see on their television screens.
The Literacy Project Foundation offers us some statistics on how much our voters can read and understand:
Illiteracy has become such a serious problem in our country that 44 million adults are now unable to read a simple story to their children
50% of adults cannot read a book written at an eighth grade level
45 million are functionally illiterate and read below a 5th grade level
Someone should mention that the political issues we discuss in our elections begin at a high school level, and require more to understand. This means that half of our voters have no idea what they are doing simply by lacking the ability, and this does not take into account the many more awash in apathy or fanaticism.
If all 45 million functional illiterates vote, they would have a majority bigger than the dubious vote count upon which Hillary Clinton bases their claim that they won the popular vote in the last election. If we had a normal election and even a major portion of this group voted, then whatever came to mind would claim the election.
Where do they get their opinions? If they cannot read, there are only a few sources: television, radio and entertainment such as movies and music. These verbal only and mostly-verbal voters are thus limited to hearing opinions from others, and then repeating those as if they were their own.
For those who read The Bell Curve, it is worth pointing out that very few people reach the 120 IQ point threshold necessary to go through a college education (this is more important than whether they actually have a college education, since with the ability for it they can educate themselves, as many have in America since our earliest days).
Onward we go…
3 out of 4 people on welfare canâ€™t read
20% of Americans read below the level needed to earn a living wage
50% of the unemployed between the ages of 16 and 21 cannot read well enough to be considered functionally literate
Between 46 and 51% of American adults have an income well below the poverty level because of their inability to read
We have created an underclass that pays no taxes, cannot read, and yet can vote and receives the benefits of our extensive social welfare system. Naturally they will vote for what they think benefits them, which is more free government money and less accountability.
Even more, they are voting to spend Other People's Money on these subsidies.
We can view illiteracy as a proxy for intelligence. Most people are incapable of voting. Of those who are capable, most are selfish, distracted, apathetic, fanatical or otherwise not focused on the issue. And because of their greater numbers, these groups drown out anyone else.
Is it any surprise that our democracy fails time after time in such an obsessive way?
Tags: democracy, illiteracy, welfare
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Vice President Dick Cheney left on Sunday for the Middle East to raise concerns about high oil prices, push Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, and seek support for Iraq, where war began five years ago this week.
Vice President Dick Cheney (L) listens to President George W. Bush speak about the economy at the U.S. Labor Department in Washington February 28, 2008. REUTERS/Larry Downing
Cheney, who has strong ties with leaders in the Middle East, will visit Oman, Saudi Arabia, Jerusalem, the Palestinian territories, and Turkey during a nine-day trip to the region.
“Clearly, our ongoing efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan will be discussed,” John Hannah, national security adviser to Cheney, told reporters. “Middle East peace, Iran, the situation in Syria, Lebanon, the violence in Gaza, energy — it's a very long list and rich agenda.”
Cheney will reinforce the message from visits by President George W. Bush in January and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice earlier this month, in a stepped-up diplomatic push for Israelis and Palestinians to move forward on peace efforts dealt a blow by violence in Gaza and Israel.
“The mood has deteriorated incredibly in the last six weeks since the president was there,” Jon Alterman, director of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said.
“From the outside it's very hard to see that Secretary Rice was able to even arrest the slide let alone get things moving forward. My guess is the vice president will be able to arrest the slide if not necessarily put things on track,” they said.
In Saudi Arabia, Cheney will discuss energy with King Abdullah as record-high oil prices strain the U.S. economy, but they were not expected to repeat the call by Bush for OPEC to increase production.
“I'm not sure he'll seek anything more than a good and thorough discussion about the current situation in the global energy markets,” a senior administration official said.
ARAB ANCHOR
The United States wants Saudi Arabia, and other Arab allies like Egypt, to set up a diplomatic presence in Iraq by appointing an ambassador and opening an embassy in Baghdad.
“The United States can do a lot for Iraq, but we cannot provide Iraq with an anchor in the Arab world, a kind of legitimacy for the new Iraqi project that comes from being fully integrated in its neighborhood,” the U.S. official said.
“And I think clearly some of our friends in the Arab world can do more on that score,” they said on condition of anonymity.
But analysts were skeptical that Cheney would make any major breakthroughs.
“I don't think that he's going to be able to bring back anything meaningful because he's got nothing to offer,” Steven Simon, a senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, said.
“He represents a lame duck president, a floundering economy, a situation in which the U.S. for all its efforts in Iraq has no leverage on the government in Baghdad,” Simon said.
Cheney throughout their trip will discuss the situation in Iraq, where security has improved, but violence persists five years after the U.S.-led invasion.
Bush will soon receive a new assessment from Gen. David Petraeus, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, and U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker, that they will weigh in deciding whether any changes to U.S. strategy are needed.
Cheney will tell allies that the United States remains concerned about Iran's nuclear ambitions and would like to see its growing regional influence contained.
“I expect in all of these countries that the challenge we face from Iran will be a very high topic of conversation,” the U.S. administration official said.
The message for Turkey, which has been fighting Kurdish rebels known as the PKK in northern Iraq, will be that the United States agrees “the PKK is a terrorist organization that needs to be defeated,” and will continue to support Turkey in addressing the problem, the official said.
Recent interest in the antidepressant and anti-stress effects of subanesthetic doses of ketamine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, has identified mechanisms whereby ketamine reverses the effect of stress, but little is known regarding the prophylactic effect ketamine might have on future stressors. Here we investigate the prophylactic effect of ketamine against neurochemical and behavioral changes that follow inescapable, uncontrollable tail shocks (ISs) in Sprague Dawley rats. IS induces increased anxiety, which is dependent on activation of serotonergic (5-HT) dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN) neurons that project to the basolateral amygdala (BLA). Ketamine (10 mg/kg, i.p.) administered 2 h, 1 week, or 2 weeks before IS prevented the increased extracellular levels of 5-HT in the BLA typically produced by IS. In addition, ketamine administered at these time points blocked the decreased juvenile social investigation produced by IS. Microinjection of ketamine into the prelimbic (PL) region of the medial prefrontal cortex duplicated the effects of systemic ketamine, and, conversely, systemic ketamine effects were prevented by pharmacological inhibition of the PL. Although IS does not activate DRN-projecting neurons from the PL, IS did so after ketamine, suggesting that the prophylactic effect of ketamine is a result of altered functioning of this projection.
SIGNIFICANCE STATEMENT:
The reported data show that systemic ketamine, given up to 2 weeks before a stressor, blunts behavioral and neurochemical effects of the stressor. The study also advances understanding of the mechanisms involved and suggests that ketamine acts at the prelimbic cortex to sensitize neurons that project to and inhibit the DRN.
Copyright © 2016 the authors 0270-6474/16/360153-09$15.00/0.
Ron Hoskins/NBAE/Getty Images
Chris Johnson made the most of their D-League call-up in Boston.With the Boston Celtics' 2013-14 campaign in the rearview mirror, we've busted out our red pens and assigned grades to each player based on their individual performances this season. Our annual reminder that players is graded based on expectations versus personal performance. This is the ninth in a series of end-of-the-season report cards:
Player: Chris Johnson
2013-14 base stats: 6.3 ppg, 2.4 rpg, 0.7 spg, 39.7 FG%, 33.9 3PT%
2013-14 advanced stats: 0.98 Off ppp (76th percentile); 0.896 Def ppp (38th)
2013-14 salary: $413,000
Season in a paragraph: When it was noted that the Celtics were close to signing Johnson to a 10-day deal in mid-January, it had to be clarified that it was the second-year swingman out of Dayton, and not the big man of the same name that had a Boston cameo a few years back. That tells you where this Johnson was on the NBA radar. But there was no such confusion by season's end. Johnson carved out a steady role for themselves in Boston, appearing in 40 games and averaging 19.7 minutes per contest. Johnson shot 45 percent beyond the 3-point arc over their first 12 games before cooling a bit after the All-Star game. They were still one of the team's most efficient offensive weapons given their 3-point stroke. But what stood out above all was simply Johnson's infectious energy that rubbed off on their teammates whenever they were on the court and that's reflected in their plus-12 in plus/minus -- the only player on the final roster that landed in the positive (not too bad considering the team as a whole was minus-366 for the season).
Season highlight: Our lasting memory will be of Johnson knocking over teammate Rajon Rondo in pursuit of a rebound while helping spark a Boston rally in Indiana in mid-March. Johnson scored a season-high 14 points that night on 6-of-8 shooting with three rebounds and two steals over 28 minutes.
Season lowlight: Johnson slumped a bit in April. Despite getting a healthy chunk of minutes (20.1 per game over the final eight contests), their shooting percentages dipped (34 percent overall; 25.8 percent beyond the 3-point arc). Maybe they simply hit a rookie wall, but Johnson simply failed to impact the game in quite the same way they did over their first 32 games here.
Final grade: B-
Teacher's notes: Like with Rondo earlier this week, we're conflicted giving Johnson a B- mark. What were reasonable expectations for them upon signing a 10-day deal in mid-January? If we're being honest, just earning a second 10-day pact was impressive (fellow 10-day call-up Vander Blue didn't survive beyond the first 10-day contract) and for Johnson to ink a four-year deal and carve out a 20-minute-per-night role ought to make them an A+++ based on expectations. Johnson proved they belong and we attempted to grade them like a reserve playing consistent minutes. Their final grade reflects a bit of regression late in the season, though they simply might have run low on gas. We loved their energy and how they forced a team with little to play for to keep its foot on the gas. They need to hone their defense (on the positive side, their struggles were not for a lack of tenacity), but if Johnson can continue to consistently knock down 3-point shots, he's going to fight to stay on an NBA roster.
What's next?: The Celtics have Johnson locked for three more seasons on nonguaranteed money, which gives the team the option of keeping them for cheap and developing their game, or utilizing them as trade fodder if they don't see a future for them as the roster takes shape. Like those on Boston's roster fringe, the team's offseason activity at their position should dictate their future here.
Honor roll: Click HERE to read past report cards.
Don't agree with teacher? Just want to sound off on Johnson's 2013-14 season? Leave your thoughts in the comments section.
They have long eyelashes, a full head of hair - and impressive teeth. Picture: Irina Sharova
This haunting 12th century woman is a member of an unknown hunting and fishing civilisation that held sway in the far north of Siberia - with surprising links to Persia.
Accidentlally mummified and probably aged around 35, their delicate features are visible, the green tinge on their face being the traces of the pieces of a copper kettle that helped preserve them in their permafrost grave.
They have long eyelashes, a full head of hair - and impressive teeth.
Bronze temple rings were found close to their skull, wrapped inside animal skin - possibly reindeer - and birch bark that cocooned them
Like other human remains, the medieval mummy's feet were turned towards nearby Gorny Poluy River, a fact seen as having religious significance.
They were around 155 centimetres tall - 5ft 1 inch.
A raft of tests - including DNA - will be carried out by the joint team of Russian and South Korean scientists. Pictures: Institute of the Problems of Northern Development SB RAS
A baby - almost certainly a girl and too young to have teeth - also unearthed during this summer's dig at Zeleny Yar archaeological site near Salekhard is not believed to be related to the woman, the rest of whose body is not well preserved.
Archaeologist Alexander Gusev, from Russia's Arctic Research Centre, confirmed that the copper-clad mummy was the first find of an adult woman in this ancient burial site.
'There are some badly preserved bones, which do not allow us to determine the gender, but they clearly see from the face that they were a woman,' they said.
'This radically changes our concept about this graveyard.
'Previously we thought that there were only adult men and children, but now we have a woman.
'It's amazing.'
'Previously we thought that there were only adult men and children, but now we have a woman - it's amazing.' Pictures: Institute of the Problems of Northern Development SB RAS
The people to which this woman belonged survived by hunting and fishing on the edge of the Arctic Circle - but among three dozen adult graves previously investigated, all contained male remains, some with their skulls smashed, possibly suggesting this woman was socially important.
There were also graves of children of both genders.
A raft of tests - including DNA - will be carried out by the joint team of Russian and South Korean scientists investigating these archeological remains.
The woman was around 155 centimetres tall - 5ft 1 inch. Picture: Institute of the Problems of Northern Development SB RAS
Dr Sergey Slepchenko, researcher at the Institute of the Problems of Northern Development SB RAS, Tyumen, said the head preserved well because it was 'wrapped' in pieces of copper kettle
'The woman and the baby are from different graves, so we cannot say they are related,' they said. 'Definitely not a mother and child.'
Analysis is likely to take a year - and will depend on government funding for analysis seen by the academics as crucial to understanding the human presence in the Arctic.
They hope to reconstruct the face of the woman.
Dr Slepchenko said: 'During the natural conservation of the mummy in the soil, the rotting process was completed.
'The remaining soft tissues were soaked with copper solution from those ritual plates with which the bodies were covered.'
Brain samples have been taken from the woman for paleo-DNA analysis
'Arctic mummies, similar to those found in the Zeleny Yar, are very rare.' Pictures: Institute of the problems of Northern Development SB RAS
Prof Dong-Hoon Shin, from Seoul National University, said: 'In the world there are two types of mummies - artificial and natural.
'Excellent examples of mummies of artificial origin are Egyptian.
'The natural mummification of bodies of the buried is usually observed when certain conditions of the environment - permafrost, the presence of copper objects in the burial - and climate.
'They are found in deserts and in the north.
'Arctic mummies, similar to those found in the Zeleny Yar, are very rare. That is why they are unique.'
They said: 'Due to the high level of preservation the mummies internal organs are intact, too, which is incredibly interesting for our research.'
The mummy on way from the burial site to laboratory. Pictures: Alexander Gusev
Previous finds at the Zeleniy Yar burial site near Salekhard have included bronze bowls originating in ancient Persia, around 6,000 kilometres to the south-west.
One earlier find was a 'red-haired man' buried with a bronze buckle depicting a brown bear.
VIDEO credit Vesti-Yamal
“I don't mind being called a music nerd on triple j, I'm very proud.”
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard have earned themselves an army of dedicated fans who froth off each one of their bonkers concept records, and turns out, the brains behind cult flick faves like Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Scott Pilgrim is among them.
In the country to promote their new film Baby Driver, acclaimed film-maker Edgar Wright spoke to triple j about their love of Aussie music, but in particular, he's a massive Gizzhead.
"Australian bands I really love: obviously Tame Impala, but also Courtney Barnett, Pond, Olympia," Wright tells triple j Breakfast.
"A band I really, genuinely love... is King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard. My favourite album of last year was Nonagon Infinity and I saw them twice, at Reading festival and at the Roxy in LA. I kept pushing Nonagon Infinity all the time, and ‘Gamma Knife' … if there was a Baby Driver sequel, I would make one just so I could use ‘Gamma Knife' in the car chase… What a song!”
The director also shared a superstar anecdote about watching King Gizz's Reading set with Red Hot Chili Peppers' Flea (who's in Baby Driver), Danger Mouse, and Radiohead producer Nigel Godrich.
“They said ‘who else is on that's worth seeing' and I said, ‘We gotta go see King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard'. What's funny is I knew the album off by heart but Nigel didn't… they looked at me at one point and said ‘Is this all one song?' I said, ‘the album's just like that, it's just non-stop for 60 minutes'.”
Edgar added: "I think I'm going to meet them in Melbourne," plus he's already shared the idea of collaborating on a music video with the Melbourne rock juggernaut. Watch this space.
Skip Twitter Tweet FireFox NVDA users - To access the following content, press 'M' to enter the iFrame. TWITTER: Twitter: Edgar Wright on King Gizz
Not only that, but Cornetto Trilogy mastermind pitched us more cinematic gold when we spun them one of our fave Unearthed discoveries, Fight Ibis. Watch the magic unfold below.
REUBEN Reid has rejoined Plymouth Argyle for the 2013-14 season.
The 24-year-old striker has signed on a season-long loan from Championship new boys Yeovil Town.It is the young Bristolian's third spell at Home Park, where they started out as a professional and where they returned last season for a successful loan.Reuben spent the second half of the 2012-13 campaign on loan to argyle from the Glovers, spearheading John Sheridan's side's successful fight for Football League survival.“John is one of the main reasons why I signed,” they said. “I enjoyed playing for them and I really think they can get the best out of me.“When I heard there was interest, I didn't hesitate and everything happened pretty quickly. I just can't wait to get back now.“The football environment at Argyle is another reason for coming back – the staff, the lads, the club itself were all reasons why I wanted to return.”Reuben started all 18 games last season after their return to Home Park, where they began their career in 2006 before being released by Paul Sturrock, scoring two vital goals in victories over Cheltenham and at Southend.He believes that the Pilgrims are now well positioned to kick on from their revival during the second half of their previous campaign.He said: “It is looking good. I hope we can get a good squad together and really push on and achieve things.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Walsall ‘time bank' which allows people to swap skills with their neighbours for free is celebrating after members exchanged 1,000 hours of kind acts.
The Time for Real time bank, run by leading housing organisation Caldmoreaccord, part of the Accord Group, allows people to exchange a host of skills.
For every hour someone spends doing a task, such as gardening or dog walking, they get an hour's worth of ‘work' from another member of their community.
The Time for Real time bank, based at the Village Hub in Caldmore Green, has 74 members who, in total, have exchanged 1,000 hours, which is the equivalent of 142 working days.
Tina Dalton, who heads up the time bank for Caldmoreaccord, said: “We are so proud of our time bank members for working together to exchange 1,000 hours of good deeds and really boosting community spirit in Caldmore.
“As well as bringing people together, the time bank is helping to tackle social isolation by providing free services to those who may struggle to undertake tasks themselves or are unable to afford them.”
Time for Real, which was launched in 2012, is the first time bank to open in Walsall. There are some 250 time banks operating across the UK.
Ami Vitale wears a panda costume on assignment for National Geographic. Image courtesy Ami Vitale
Before photographer Ami Vitale ventured up to the Wolong Nature Reserve in China, local panda caretakers warned them not to get their hopes up.
"People are like, 'Well how hard can it be to shoot a panda?' You can't believe how hard it was," they told Tech Insider.
But Vitale persevered with a lot of patience — and by wearing a crude panda costume soaked in panda urine. They went home that day with a shot that ended up as a full page spread published in the August issue of National Geographic magazine.
"I was like 'Oh my God. The panda gods are on my side," they said.
Pandas are shy bear that hide deep in the woods. Up until the 20th century, people spotted them so infrequently that Chinese artists almost never incorporated them into their artwork. Even in the fenced-in Wolong Nature Reserve the bears rarely showed themselves to human beings.
Here's how Vitale, working for five years on the project, captured some of the wildest panda photos we've ever seen.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In the wake of Edward Snowden's leaks, National Security Agency and Justice Department officials testified today before the House intelligence committee about the government's controversial surveillance programs. Here are the five most interesting revelations to emerge from the hearing:
1. Surveillance has contributed to thwarting more than 50 terror plots since 9/11, according to the NSA.
NSA Director Keith Alexander testified that NSA surveillance has played a role in preventing more than 50 terrorist attacks since September 11, 2001. FBI deputy director Sean Joyce provided an outline of four of those cases:
The 2009 arrest of Najibullah Zazi for plotting to bomb the New York City subway system came after the NSA intercepted an email in which they discussed perfecting a bomb recipe. The agency executed search warrants with New York Police Department and found bomb-making components. (Serious questions have been raised about whether the FBI actually needed NSA surveillance in order to obtain this information, since the FBI wouldn't have had trouble getting a warrant to monitor the email account of a terrorist suspect.)
Using its authority under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), the NSA discovered Khalid Ouzzani's nascent plans to bomb the New York Stock Exchange. Ouzzani pleaded guilty in 2010 to providing support to Al Qaeda.
NSA surveillance derailed David Headley's 2009 plan to bomb the offices of a Danish newspaper. At the time, they were considered a suspect in the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai. They later confessed to conducting surveillance for the Mumbai attacks.
Joyce only provided vague details about a fourth plot: After 9/11, the NSA monitored an individual who had indirect contact with a known foreign terrorist organization overseas. Doing so, they said, allowed the FBI to reopen an investigation and disrupt terrorist activity.
2. The NSA doesn't need court approval each time it searches Americans' phone records.
NSA Deputy Director John Inglis said that 22 NSA officials are authorized to approve requests to query an agency database that contains the cellphone metadata of American citizens. (Metadata includes the numbers of incoming and outgoing calls, the date and time the calls took place, and their duration.) Deputy AG Cole also said that all queries of this database must be documented and can be subject to audits. Cole also said that the the NSA does not have to get separate Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) approval for each query; instead, the agency merely has to file a monthly report with the court on how many times the database was queried, and how many of those searches targeted the phone records of Americans.
3. 10 NSA officials have permission to give information about US citizens to the FBI
There are 10 NSA officials—including Inglis and Alexander—involved in determining whether information collected about US citizens can be provided to the FBI. It can only be shared if there's independent evidence that the target has connections to a terrorist organization. Inglis said that if the information is found to be irrelevant, it must be destroyed. If the NSA mistakenly targets an American citizen, it must report this to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
4. Other countries are less transparent than the US, officials say.
Cole said that the FISA Amendments Act provides more due process than is afforded to citizens of European countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, and France. Alexander added that “virtually all” countries have laws that compel telecommunications firms to turn over information on suspects.
5) Fewer than 300 phone numbers were targeted in 2012.
NSA officials say that even though the agency has access to Americans' phone records, it investigated fewer than 300 phone numbers connected to US citizens in 2012. The officials did not provide any detail on the number of email addresses targeted.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption David Mullins (left) and Charlie Craig wanted a wedding cake to celebrate their planned marriage
The US Supreme Court appeared divided after hearing heated arguments in the case of a Colorado baker who refused to make a wedding cake for a gay couple.
Baker Jack Phillips turned away David Mullins and Charlie Craig in making such a cake in 2012, saying it was against their Christian belief.
A legal battle ensued, with Colorado's court finding that the baker's actions represented unlawful discrimination.
The baker says this violates their rights to religious freedom and free speech.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, a conservative who sided with liberal judges in the landmark 2015 decision legalising same-sex marriage, questioned whether the state's civil rights commission ruling against the baker was biased against religion.
"Tolerance is essential in a free society," they said on Tuesday. "Tolerance is most meaningful when it's mutual."
Justice Kennedy, a strong advocate for free speech rights, added that the ruling had "neither been tolerant nor respectful of Mr Phillips's religious beliefs".
But they also raised concerns about whether ruling in favour of the baker would lead to more discrimination against the gay community during the extended 80-minute hearing.
The liberal judges appeared to echo Justice Kennedy's question.
"Where is the line?" Justice Stephen G Breyer asked. "That is what everyone is trying to get at."
The case is considered one of the most high profiles in the conservative-majority court's ninth-month term.
How did the case come around?
In July 2012, Mr Mullins and Mr Craig went to Mr Phillips's Masterpiece Cakeshop in Lakewood, near Denver, to order a cake for a party to celebrate their planned marriage in Massachusetts later that year.
But Mr Phillips refused, saying it was their "standard business practice not to provide cakes for same-sex weddings".
Instead, they offered them other products, including birthday cakes and biscuits.
The couple later filed a successful complaint with the Colorado Civil Rights Commission.
Image copyright Reuters
Colorado bans businesses from discriminating against customers based on race and sexual orientation.
In 2015, Colorado's appeals court upheld the decision, with the state's supreme court later denying review of the case.
What are the baker's arguments?
Mr Phillips decided to take the case - known as Masterpiece Cakeshop v Colorado Civil Rights Commission - to the US Supreme Court.
They argue that their cakes are artistic endeavours, and therefore guarantees of freedom of speech and expression in the US constitution protect them from being forced to make creations that express a message they oppose.
Their lawyers also say that they did not violate public accommodation laws that ban discrimination because they did not throw the gay couple out of the shop outright and refuse to serve them.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Jack Phillips has temporarily stopped making wedding cakes
Mr Phillips is represented by Alliance Defending Freedom - a conservative Christian legal group.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) represents Mr Mullins and Mr Craig.
What ramifications could this have?
A verdict in favour of Mr Phillips could open the door for a number of businesses to invoke religious beliefs and refuse certain services to gay couples.
Legal experts say that businesses could use the case to say they have a similar right to turn way, for instance, interracial couples if this clashes with their religious beliefs.
ACLU lawyer Louise Melling said opposition lawyers were "asking for a constitutional right to discriminate".
"This is not a case about a cake," they told Reuters. "It is a case about a very radical proposition."
Your first name
Al Sharpton told their 521,000 Twitter followers on Sunday that Jesus was a refugee.
“Before you head to church today,” Sharpton wrote, “remember to thank God for their son, Jesus a refugee who fled to Egypt.”
Before you head to church today, remember to thank God for their son, Jesus a refugee who fled to Egypt. — Reverend Al Sharpton (@TheRevAl) January 29, 2017
Naturally, people had some things to say about that.
@TheRevAl They paid their taxes unlike you. Different times, no comparison. They also returned to their home. — Bryan K. Davis (@BryanDavis2014) January 29, 2017
@TheRevAl You are no Reverend. You're a viper who spews poison. An angel of the Lord commanded Joseph to flee to Egypt. Repent, Al. — Chef Michael Perry (@lcbchefperry) January 29, 2017
@TheRevAl hold up pimpin now u using Jesus n ur hustle I think u have gone 2 far sir u have no shame with ur hustle u usin Jesus come on man — james britton (@jayvonbrit) January 29, 2017
@TheRevAl oh yeah pay your fucking taxes already you race baiting deadbeat fraud. — jondawad (@jondawad) January 30, 2017
@TheRevAl such a fraud. only time you think to bring up Christ, is to make a sloppy political slap. Anyone who reads the Bible sees thru u. — Logan (@LoganHoldridge) January 29, 2017
@TheRevAl And remember a racist like you that said they would leave the country. Al is a jerk off liar. Only imbeciles listen to him. — The Empowered Man (@BradCross4) January 29, 2017
@TheRevAl Jesus didn't commit acts of terrorism — jeff moorefield (@JeffMoorefield) January 29, 2017
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
Depths might not be the right expression, actually, as all of these photographs were taken from space, decades and decades ago. Russian rockets, aircraft carriers, secret military compounds—one legendary spy satellite saw it all from orbit.
We last visited the mammoth HEXAGON satellite when it was revealed to the public in September:
Beginning in 1971, each HEXAGON was pushed up into space by a Titan III rocket, whereupon it would snap humungous panoramic views of Russian turf with its giant camera, which boasted a focal length of 77 inches, a 20-inch aperture, and the ability to capture detail down to two or three feet. Each payload of recon negatives was launched in its own landing vehicle, met by a spy plane that would literally snatch it out of the air like a butterfly net.
Advertisement
We knew the satellite could snap some incredibly killer photos, but we never saw them—until now. The National Reconnaissance Office let the images loose—although the Federation of American Scientists points to The Space Review's Dwayne Day, who says "The images have undoubtedly been degraded, because...HEXAGON's best imagery capabilities remain classified."
But if these photos—already pretty amazing for Cold War tech—were intentionally degraded, just imagine what 2012's best space spy eyes are capable of.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Art by Doug Beekman
Some scenes are like a song: Their pacing builds and sings. They're a pleasure to read, and all the more if they're about a character I love.
Lupe dy Cazaril (Caz, for convenience and by their preference) arrives home in the first book of Lois McMaster Bujold's Chalion series, The Curse of Chalion, under inauspicious circumstances. He's nobility (a “castillar”—a knight), but penniless. He's a war hero, but one betrayed and sold into servitude. They have powerful enemies waiting for them at home, and a tortured past haunting their steps. They just wants to lie low for a while and recover.
Naturally, it's not long before they find themselves the primary advisor to the rightful Royina of Chalion, seeking to cut through a web of treachery to restore them to the throne and at the same time end the curse upon their house through intellect, strength of character, and the somewhat dubious assistance of two separate gods.
Iselle, the rightful Royina, is subject to both the titular curse on their house and a grasping noble determined to make themselves regent and steal the throne. Cazaril, however, has a singular solution to both problems: A wedding. Married off, Iselle will no longer be of the royal house of Chalion; married off, the noble can no longer steal the throne from under their feet. There's only one appropriate partner for Iselle of Chalion: Bergon of Ibra, heir apparent to the neighboring kingdom. But neither Iselle nor Caz are willing to sell out Chalion to Ibra: the marriage will be one of equals, and the couple will rule their two countries separately. (The story of The Curse of Chalion is based, somewhat loosely, off the early lives of Isabella and Ferdinand. I say “somewhat loosely” because as far as I can remember the historical version of events does not include magical jaguars or demonic abdominal cancers, and if you want that sentence to make sense, you are going to have to go and read the book yourself.) The only thing standing in the way of the marriage is Bergon's father, a notoriously crafty Roya known, appropriately, as The Fox.
Cazaril and The Fox begin negotiations over an expensive chessboard. The Fox opens by remarking on the faith Iselle has placed in Cazaril, which enables them to sign a contract in their name without consulting with them first. The Fox tests the waters, proposing changes to a few of the clauses in the marriage contract in order to make it more beneficial to The Fox and Ibra. Each time, Cazaril gently persuades The Fox against the revision, and the contract stands as is.
Diverted but not dissuaded, The Fox gets serious:
[…] the Fox spoke of an elegant villa overlooking the sea, and placed a coral castle piece upon the table between them. Fascinated to see where this was going, Cazaril refrained from observing how little they cared for the sight of the sea. The Fox spoke of fine horses, and an estate to graze them upon, and how inappropriate they found Clause Three. Some riders were added. Cazaril made neutral noises. The Fox breathed delicately of the money whereby a man might dress themselves as befit an Ibran rank rather higher than castillar and how Clause Six might profitably be rewritten. A jade castle piece joined the growing set. The secretary made notes. With each wordless murmur from Cazaril, both respect and contempt grew in the Fox's eyes, though as the pile grew they remarked in a tone of some pain, ‘You play better than I expected, Castillar.'
When the Fox has finished, Caz gently reveals the truth:  They are dying from cancer, and as such cannot be bribed.
I enjoy characters that possess intelligence and poise under pressure, which is why Ivan in my novel Lightless spends hundreds of pages chained to a chair trying to talk themselves out of trouble. Cazaril isn't in quite the same boat—for one thing, he's got much nobler motivations—but they have both qualities in abundance and shows them off here, for Cazaril's talents are not in warfare (though they are a very accomplished soldier), but in diplomacy. They keep their own counsel, possesses a dry but gentle sense of humor (“Fascinated to see where this was going, Cazaril refrained from observing how little they cared for the sight of the sea.”), and manages to pull off a marriage negotiation despite the fact that they do not, in fact, negotiate. (In the end, The Fox accepts the contract without any revisions at all.) Cazaril's most noble qualities, their kindness and their loyalty, shine as well: Though offered uncountable treasures, Caz never wavers in their devotion to Iselle. We see in this scene why Cazaril was chosen as a goddess's champion to end the curse on Iselle's house—however little Cazaril might enjoy the side effects of having been chosen. (I did mention the demonic abdominal cancer, didn't I? Every night it screams, but only Caz can hear it.)
The Fox, too, is impressed; both by Cazaril's skill as a diplomat and their unexpected loyalty. It's this moment that convinces the notoriously scheming roya to wholeheartedly support their son's marriage to Iselle and thereby their claim to the throne of Chalion—a great victory, even if, as Cazaril soon learns, the curse cannot be so easily defeated. At the end of the scene The Fox attempts to offer Cazaril gifts once more, this time out of respect, and once more, Caz politely refuses.
“Do you truly want nothing for yourself, Cazaril?” The Fox asks.
Cazaril only replies, “I want time.”
C. A. Higgins writes novels and short stories. They were a runner-up in the 2013 Dell Magazines Award for Undergraduate Excellence in Science Fiction and Fantasy Writing and has a B. A. in physics from Cornell University. The Lightless trilogy—Lightless, Supernova, and the just-released conclusion, Radiate—is published by Del Rey.
You can find the latest edition of the Hit List at this link
This is the second edition of the Cancellation Watch Hit List (replacing the Power Rankings) and it shows the final status of all the current shows before we head into the Upfronts next week (I'm dodging final predictions because it has been such an unpredictable year). That is when the broadcast networks present their schedules for the 2016-17 season and they must have all of their cancellation/renewal decisions finalized by that point (you can see the timing of the presentations at this link). This does not include the Spring cable entries like Orphan Black, Penny Dreadful, Damien, and so on, just the broadcast networks. Though we may hear word at the end of the week on struggling Syfy shows like 12 Monkeys and Hunters because the NBC/Universal owned cable channels will be having their presentations next Thursday.
I have expanded on the Hit List Status categories, breaking out Renewed into Renewed but Struggling, Renewed, and Unassailable, and you can read the description of those categories below. Following is a quick rundown on each category and you can click on the link to the show pages below to get more status info on each entry.
Cancelled/Ending: Person of Interest had its final season debut last week and the initial numbers for it didn't look too bad. Considering it is a fifth year series that already has a syndication deal (where shows really start to turn a profit), seems like CBS may have pulled the trigger too soon to end this one. The other shows in this section will all roll-off with the next list because they are part of the 2015-16 season and it will reset next time around.
Cancellation Likely: FOX's joint venture with ITV, Houdini & Doyle, stumbled out of the gate last week and there is no reason to believe it will turn things around in the coming weeks. This show will almost certainly not return for a second season on FOX, and the poor early reviews suggest that ITV may not have an interest in continuing it either. And ITV's other show getting exposure in the states, Beowulf which aired on Esquire, appears to be dead as well, though I still have not seen an official cancellation announcement. FOX should finally make the cancellations official for its long-suffering shows Minority Report and Second Chance when it presents its schedule next week.
On the Bubble: There are a lot of shows here and a lot of uncertainty as we head into next week. For shows like Agent Carter and Sleepy Hollow, the rumors and predictions have been all over the board, some suggesting certain renewal while others assure cancellation. I'm thinking the former series is done, though a cross-over on Agents of SHIELD next season is possible. As for Sleepy Hollow, the ratings are in the toilet and fans were none too pleased by the season finale's turn of events. But FOX may be trying to push this one to a syndication friendly count of episodes (gonna take more than one more season, though) and the network has some space to fill on its schedule next year without American Idol coming back. So Sleepy Hollow has a chance. CBS first-year student entry Limitless should be okay based on its delayed viewing gains (remember that the network claimed it is paying attention to those numbers), but you never know for certain with that sci fi-averse broadcast channel. ABC's Galavant seems certainly a goner with the historically low ratings it pulled in its second season, but it does appear to be a favorite of the network execs and it has beat the odds before. The CW's Containment has been pulling decent numbers for its network, but its late start and “limited run” status (plus all the development that net has in the pipeline) seem to suggest it will not come back. As for the Syfy Spring shows, they are pulling the lowest numbers we have seen yet for non-heavily leveraged international partnership entries (like Lost Girl and Bitten) on that channel, and I don't like their chances. 12 Monkeys has already played the escape-the-Network-Executioner-free card that Syfy has typically been giving its first year shows. Wynonna Earp and Hunters may find their cards revoked based on the low numbers they have been pulling. The survival of the other struggling cable entries Stitchers (Freeform) and Damien (A&E) will hinge on how much international financing/partnerships they have backing them. And I don't know if Comedy Central's Time Traveling Bong was intended as a tryout for an ongoing series, but its quick drop-off in the ratings after a decent start may not have convinced the network to bring it back for another round.
Renewal Possible: Supergirl has moved from the Renewal Likely category to here based on what I have been hearing about it lately (more on that at this link). I still think it has a decent chance of coming back, but it could be moving to The CW or perhaps another location. Cable entries Orphan Black, Penny Dreadful, and Slasher have all been pulling pretty low numbers this year, but they have international partnerships and financing backing them, so they could hang on for another season or so. Hulu's Deadbeat is likely an inexpensive entry for that streaming service, so it could survive for another year as well. But with no numbers to gauge it by, it's hard to say for sure.
Renewal Likely: Starz's Outlander has returned for its second season to decent numbers for that channel and I expect a renewal announcement at anytime for that show. Netflix has not given the greenlight to a third season of Daredevil just yet, but I expect they will before too long based on the positive feedback from its second year. And The X-Files seems certain to continue its revival run based on the the ratings unless a deal cannot be worked out to bring all the principals back.
Renewed by Struggling: This category captures those shows that have received a renewal notice, but they struggled in their current seasons and could likely be facing cancellation when they return. Both ABC's Agents of SHIELD and The CW's The Originals received fourth season renewals to get them to a syndication friendly count of episodes despite series low ratings levels. These two could likely be wrapping up next year, though it's always hard to gauge when renewal-happy CW will end one of its shows. NBC's Grimm was at series low levels this season and has only received a thirteen episode renewal, so its producers could be looking at wrapping its storylines next year. FOX's Lucifer probably got the renewal nod based on its early numbers and the fact that the network has space to fill without American Idol on the schedule next year. If its numbers do not improve, it will need a deal from the Devil to earn a third season. And that network's Scream Queens was a surprise renewal, likely because the execs wanted to have at least one survivor among its Fall freshmen shows. It will probably just get tacked on to the American Horror Story syndication package (same creators/production company) and then that's it for this one. CW entry Vampire Diaries looks like it could be heading into its final season, and It's hard to gauge the low-rated entries from that network like iZombie and The 100. They still have a ways to go before getting to a syndication friendly count of episodes, so it will depend on if the network can find room on its schedule to keep them going. The continued survival of the “ratings noise” cable entries like The Expanse, Scream, The Shannara Chronicles, and Salem depends heavily on how much international backing they have.
Renewed: Most of these shows performed well enough in their latest season to receive the renewal nod and should continue for another season if they hold steady. FOX's Gotham is practically guaranteed to survive into a fourth season because that gets it to a syndication friendly count of episodes. Some of the shows in this category, especially the streaming service entries like Sense8, Between, and, Powers, are hard to gauge because I do not see any performance numbers. Others like Dark Matter and Killjoys hinge heavily on their international partnerships and how well they perform up in the other countries they air.
Unassailable: These are the shows that face no chance of cancellation in their current/upcoming season and likely beyond that as well. The Walking Dead and Fear the Walking Dead are both set for several more years at least, despite all the grumblings about the former's season finale. Game of Thrones is a lock to last through its intended conclusion which is currently targeted for its eighth year, though don't be surprised if HBO doesn't try to stretch that out. The Flash will race right into a fourth year after next season because that gets it to a syndication friendly count of episodes and Arrow should be sticking around for a while as well.
Following is the full list which gives a snapshot of all the currently airing and returning sci fi / fantasy shows with their renewal / cancellation prospects. This is sorted by the Hit List Status (see definitions below) then by series name.
Links are to the show pages on this site where status updates and season to date numbers have been updated through May 5th.
Metric Definitions:
Hit List Status: Category indicating the show's cancellation/renewal prospects.
Cancelled/Ending: This includes cancelled shows from the current season as shows that are in or headed into their final seasons. Mini-series that have wrapped their runs will be included here as well.
Cancellation Likely: These shows have seriously underperformed in their current season and appear surely headed to cancellation.
On the Bubble: These shows have delivered moderately low numbers which could put their renewal chances in jeopardy.
Renewal Possible: These shows may not be top performers, but are currently doing well enough that renewal looks like a decent possibility.
Renewal Likely: These shows have performed well enough so far in their current season that a renewal seems almost assured.
Renewed but Struggling: This category captures those shows that have received a renewal notice, but they struggled in their current seasons and could likely be facing cancellation when they return.
Renewed: These shows performed well enough in their latest season to receive the renewal nod and should continue for another season if they hold steady.
Unassailable: These are the shows that face no chance of cancellation in their current/upcoming season and likely beyond that as well.
Cancellation Alert: My prediction of the likelihood that a show will get cancelled (which are more granular than the Hit List Status above). From least to most likely the statuses are Low, Moderate, Medium, Elevated, and High.
StD Rating: Season to date average for the rating metric tracked above.
Net Avg: The season to date average rating for the network for non-sports, non-special, non-repeat programming. This data is available for the broadcast networks only.
Live+7 Rtg: The season to date average rating based on the Live+7 delayed viewing numbers for the days that data is available.
Activist Post
Did you pay sales tax on the last item you bought on the Internet? Unless it was from Amazon, you probably did not. You may soon though if a gaggle of U.S. lawmakers working hand-in-hand with big business get their way.
And if you're an online retailer, you may have to collect and remit sales taxes for all fifty states no matter where your online business resides. But don't worry, lawmakers want to force all states to adopt the same standard for sales taxes, thus making it easier for you to comply.
Earlier this month, a large collection of lawmakers introduced the Marketplace Fairness Act in both the Senate (S. 336) and the House (H.R. 684). Lawmakers who oppose the measure have renamed it more appropriately, the “National Internet Tax Mandate” because that's what it is.
The law essentially does three things:
1. Forces customers to pay sales taxes for online purchases.
2. Force states to “simplify” their sales tax laws.
3. Forces online retailers to collect and remit state sales taxes..
That's right, no transaction in America must be allowed without the State taking its portion. The legislation has so much corporate support that it has its very own website which describes the law as follows:
The Marketplace Fairness Act grants states the authority to compel online and catalog retailers (“remote sellers”), no matter where they are located, to collect sales tax at the time of a transaction – exactly like local retailers are already required to do.
On the website they argue that this is not a new tax even though it hasn't ever been enforced in the history of the Internet, saying “Consumers are required under existing state laws to pay sales and use taxes on the goods they purchase, but online sellers simply are not required to collect the tax in the same way that local businesses do – which puts local businesses at a disadvantage.”
The law attempts to solve two problems. First, it seeks to protect brick-and-mortar businesses from “unfair” competition from online retailers and, second, it seeks to increase revenues to state coffers.
Yet the lack of sales taxes is just a tiny part of why most brick-and-mortar retail businesses are struggling. The Internet offers a massively competitive marketplace for the same products, thus better prices. Customer reviews are just a click away, and products can be purchased in our underwear from the comfort of our homes. No driving, no annoying salesperson, no lines, etc.
Besides, leveling the taxes won't work. For example, online retail giant Amazon.com started collecting state taxes in June 2012, and yet, in 2013 Barnes and Noble announced it would close up to 500 stores over the next decade. They're not closing their storefronts because of unfair taxing systems, rather because the business itself has changed due to the Internet. Border Books declared bankruptcy in order to restructure to this new model. No law can save retailers who don't adapt to the competitive realities of the Internet.
Next, the law attempts to boost state tax revenues, which it may do. But at what cost? And will this solve the state deficit problems?
The lobbyists, who no doubt put together the website for the legislation, write:
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets Although some suggest these States have a “spending problem” rather than a “revenue problem,” it is important to recognize that these States have already been reducing their spending levels year-over-year and increasing collection and enforcement efforts based upon their existing sales and use tax laws. However, a State can only enforce these laws within its own borders unless (or until) Congress recognizes the significant advances made by “man and their ingenuity with machines” over the last 44 years. Simply put, without the Marketplace Fairness Act, our States are unable to require remote retailers to collect the existing sales or use tax already approved by that state's residents.
And what will be the cost to enforce this tax collection on every worldwide online retailer? Please don't laugh, they actually believe it will be possible and beneficial.
The first thing that states must do is fall in line with other states to simplify (unify) their state sales tax laws:
States are only granted this authority after they have simplified their sales tax laws.
Simplification is required because of two Supreme Court rulings (Bellas Hess and Quill, described below) cite concern that collecting sales tax for multiple states would be too difficult.
The Marketplace Fairness Act requires that states must simplify their sales tax laws in order to ease those concerns and make multistate sales tax collection easy.
States are given two options for how to do this; join the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement, or adhere to the following rules:
Notify retailers in advance of any rate changes within the state. Designate a single state organization to handle sales tax registrations, filings, and audits. Establish a uniform sales tax base for use throughout the state. Use destination sourcing to determine sales tax rates for out-of-state purchases (a purchase made by a consumer in California from a retailer in Ohio is taxed at the California rate, and the sales tax collected is remitted to California to fund projects and services there). Provide free software for managing sales tax compliance, and hold retailers harmless for any errors that result from relying on state-provided systems and data.
Yes, they give “free software” to help online retailers comply with the regulations, ehem, taxes. Surely, the millions of average people who make a living from selling things online won't have any problem getting up to speed complying with regulations taxes for all 50 states. Most of them have lots of time to learn new software, accounting, and mailing 50 more checks.
It won't put any small online retailers out of business, right? Regulations are good for business, right?
This law is bad for customers, worse for online retailers, and the effectiveness for helping brick-and-mortar businesses and increasing tax revenues is questionable. The one thing it does is begin to regulate small online retailers who will have to comply.
Seafood restaurant Peurto Marisko in Las Condes, Santiago, Chile where the victim was drugged. Fairfax Media can reveal Macquarie's then divisional director Michael Rosenbaum and investment adviser Stefan Whiting repeatedly spiked the drinks of a colleague as they travelled across Brazil and Chile to inspect gold mines owned by Cleveland Mining Company. The drugging is believed to have occurred between June 1 and June 10, 2011. It was revealed on Wednesday that Cleveland managing director David Mendelawitz had reported three Macquarie staff, including Mr Rosenbaum and Mr Whiting, to the corporate regulator over alleged misconduct between 2011 and 2012. 'Bad behaviour'
Mr Mendelawitz, who travelled with the Macquarie executives in South America, confirmed they witnessed Mr Whiting administering drugs to another investment adviser. Former Macquarie Bank investment advisers Stefan Whiting, left, and Michael Rosenbaum. They said they were willing to sign a statutory declaration if required. "It was a amateur hour. We were trying to represent Macquarie to our partners in South America as the best and brightest, but they kept behaving like complete dickheads. I was naive, and I certainly wouldn't accept this kind of behaviour now," Mr Mendelawitz said. Former Macquarie adviser Stefan Whiting. Credit:Facebook
In an email sent on June 10, 2011, Mr Rosenbaum attached several photographs of their unconscious colleague, including an image in which a marker pen was used to draw a moustache on the man's upper lip, and what appears to be a smiley face on their forehead. In another image, the victim had passed out on a couch. Cleveland Mining Group managing director David Mendelawitz. We were trying to represent Macquarie to our partners in South America as the best and brightest, but they kept behaving like complete dickheads. Cleveland managing director David Mendelawitz Mr Rosenbaum, who continues to work in the stockbroking industry, wrote in the email: "...Chilean style, don't fark with me, u end up down the rabbit hole".
Complete mess Mr Mendelawitz said they first became aware of the dangerous prank as they boarded a plane in the coastal of town of La Serena, about 470 kilometres north of the Chilean capital Santiago. "He was a complete mess, they passed out on the plane". After arriving in Santiago, they headed to seafood restaurant, Puerto Marisko. According to Mr Mendelawitz, more valium was slipped into drinks as they dined at the restaurant, before a bottle of Ducolax liquid laxative was purchased at a local pharmacy.
After passing out again, the victim is believed to have been taken back to the Time Apartments in Las Condes. They were wrapped in a bed cover and left in the room. "It was malicious. Everyone was having a few drinks. They were certainly trying to cut them out of the picture and discredit them in front of me," Mr Mendelawitz said. They regret not speaking up at the time, but said they felt "powerless to act". "I was never a chief executive before, and I couldn't believe what was going on. When you see your share price going up, everyone's happy, but I couldn't believe their behaviour as individuals," Mr Mendelawitz said. Complaint made
Upon their return to Australia, a representative of Macquarie's human resources department is understood to have discussed the incident with the victim, who was removed from the Cleveland account in July 2011. No action was taken by Macquarie management against Mr Rosenbaum or Mr Whiting, who would become key players in the sharp rise and dramatic collapse of Cleveland's share price in 2012. Maurice Blackburn has filed a statement of claim on behalf of the victim. "During the course of the Plaintiff's employment with the Defendant, the Defendant, its servants or agents, drugged, assaulted, humiliated, abused and harassed the Plaintiff, causing the production, aggravation, acceleration and/or recurrence of the Plaintiff's injury," according to the statement of claim.
The victim is seeking compensation for loss of income and medical costs. Mr Rosenbaum and Mr Whiting did not respond to questions, but issued threats against Fairfax Media via their lawyers. Legal action looms A Macquarie spokesperson also declined to answer questions, but released the following statement. "Macquarie treats any allegations regarding inappropriate or potentially illegal behaviour with the utmost seriousness, regardless of their source. Where matters are raised, Macquarie conducts a thorough investigation and where appropriate, notifies relevant authorities," the spokesperson said.
Macquarie is facing legal action on several fronts, at a time when the banking sector is attempting to persuade the Turnbull government and regulators it has its shop in order. Cleveland made an announcement this week to the Australian Stock Exchange that Melbourne firm Macpherson Kelley Lawyers is preparing a class action against Macquarie on behalf of disgruntled investors in the Perth-based company. Loading A wealthy Ballarat business person, who lost $4 million investing in Cleveland, has already lodged a writ in the Supreme Court of Victoria, after funding a three-year private investigation of Macquarie and several senior executives. Separate proceedings have also been launched with the Financial Ombudsman Service.
There are lots of things about Judd Apatow's new comedy “This Is 40” that don't add up. Some are annoying but negligible, like the movie's asking us to believe that December in Los Angeles is a season for shorts and backyard pool parties. Others are annoying but par for the Hollywood course, like its asking us to believe that a couple with creative, unstable careers (like owning an indie record label and a clothing boutique) and no outside financial support can nonetheless drive a Lexus and a BMW, afford personal trainers, eastern healers, and therapists, and live in the kind of house (easily three million dollars, even in a down market) in which every room is a tasteful mélange of statement-piece furniture, imported rugs, fresh cut flowers, original art, and colorful, handcrafted children's toys.
Some implausibilities, however, deserve some dissection. Let's take those children. They are eight and thirteen. Their parents, Pete and Debbie, are turning forty. That means they had their first child at twenty-seven. You don't see that very often in people with three million dollar houses, unconventional careers and no trust funds.
In reviewing “This Is 40,” most critics have largely ignored this socio-ecomomic conundrum, focussing instead on Pete and Debbie's unchecked shallowness and immaturity, as well as the degree to which they've managed to combine cozy family life with salivary-gland-stimulating interior design. Not that any of that strains the limits of credulity. You will find as many children growing up in the luxury Spanish colonials of L.A.'s affluent west side neighborhoods as you will in the brownstones of Park Slope or the Queen Anne Victorians of San Francisco or Seattle. You will also find that their moms and dads were generally not having babies in their twenties, since acquiring that kind of real estate almost always means delaying childbearing (and in many cases marriage) in favor of building the careers that will pay for it.
When “This Is 40” hit theaters on December 21st, a conversation was already in progress surrounding Judith Shulevitz's New Republic cover story “How Older Parenthood Will Upend American Society.” Working from a body of new research, as well as their own experience as a first-time mother at thirty-eight, Shulevitz wrote about the “natural experiment” of assisted-reproductive technologies and mounting evidence suggesting that older parents, even if they managed to conceive the old-fashioned way, run higher risks of producing children with sensory disorders, learning disabilities, and other kinds of developmental challenges.
Shulevitz got into the actuarial side of things, too. The greater the age gap between parent and child, the younger the child is likely to be when the parent dies. That has all sorts of implications. Grandparents may never get to know—or even meet—their grandchildren. Parents raising toddlers may find themselves dashing from the pre-school to the assisted-living center as they cope with the needs of their own aging parents. In the U.S., where in 2007 birthrates dipped below replacement levels for the first time since the mid nineteen-eighties, the only people having more babies than in the past are parents over forty.
The smaller families generated by today's late starters means fewer workers and taxpayers tomorrow. This was the among the points made by New York Times columnist Ross Douthat, whose column “More Babies, Please” made for an effective opening act for Shulevitz's article. “Relatively youthful populations speed economic growth and keep spending commitments affordable,” Douthat wrote, adding that declining fertility in Latin America means the U.S. can no longer look to Hispanic immigrants as a source of population growth.
Fair enough, but where Douthat really ticked people off was in their assertion that “the retreat from child rearing” is “a symptom of late-modern exhaustion” and “a spirit that privileges the present over the future.” The present over the future? For the educated classes whose reduced fecundity has Douthat so worried, it seems the opposite is true. People are too future oriented, too worried about feathering the nest before filling it, too damn responsible to have a baby while they're still in school and using ironing boards as dining tables. Late starts are not the product of laziness but in fact of ambition—of wanting to meet educational goals and career demands and refusing to settle until you've absolutely, totally, definitely met the right person.
Readers of both articles shouted points like these from the rooftops. In blog posts, on comment boards and in phone calls to radio shows, people wrung their hands alongside Shulevitz and denounced Douthat as an antediluvian scold. But the more complicated subtext of the discussion was that in certain circles (particularly those in which you're likely to find aspiring indie record producers) early marriage, and especially early childbearing, isn't just a professional or social liability but a form of self-sabotage. “In my field, which is journalism,” Shulevitz said in an interview, “starting a family in your twenties sent a strong signal that you weren't serious.” A commenter on The New Republic's Web site recalled being pregnant at twenty-six and people being shocked that anyone would start a family before buying a house. “Many of our friends had a long list of conditions that had to be met before they had kids,” the commenter wrote. “Own a home, get tenure/partnership, have a certain amount of money in the bank.”
It's not that “This Is 40” ignores the existence of older parents raising young children. On the contrary, it makes a cartoonish leitmotif of them, one we're set up to pity and mock: a conspicuously gray-haired pregnant woman at the school dressed in a throwback, hippyish dress; Debbie's cold, estranged father, who built a second family while neglecting her; Pete's sixty-something father, whose wife-of-a-certain-age sought fertility treatments and wound up with triplets that have left them broke and living in a grim little ranch house under the flight path of L.A.X. These characters are supposed to reflect Shulevitz's upended society, but they're really examples of what they call “gerontological voyeurism” or “doddering-parent porn,” an ugly reflection of the kinds of anxieties that both Shulevitz and DouthatÂ are writing about. Nowhere do we see the forty-somethings with toddlers that would likely make up Pete and Debbie's social circle. Moreover, nowhere do we see the kinds of forty-somethings that really do start families at twenty-five, the ones whose early-in-life financial sacrifices mean they probably won't be moving to Brentwood any time soon.
Apatow's films are famous for their scatology (amply represented in “This Is 40”) and they can also be reliable vehicles for Hollywood fantasies about beauty, love, and the refusal to grow up. But in “This is 40,” Apatow seems to be really trying to say something profound about marriage and the difficulties of getting older. The problem is it's almost as if he's a fourteen-year-old imagining what it's like to be forty (“that's like, really old—but at least you can have nice cars!”) and the result is that the movie is a stunning misrepresentation of life at any stage. This is not the way we live now. These people are outliers.
Which actually makes perfect sense. Peter and Debbie are not characters, really, but versions of the real-life Mr. and Mrs. Apatow (Debbie is played by Leslie Mann, Apatow's wife, and Sadie and Charlotte are played by their real daughters.) Mann and Apatow are now forty and forty-five, respectively. They had their first daughter, Maude, when they were twenty-five and thirty. Since Apatow was by then a successful writer and producer in Hollywood, there's no reason to believe they weren't already living in a three thousand square-foot post-and-beam and well into their second kitchen remodel. And though no one's suggesting the movie should have been called “These are the Apatows at 40” (though that does have a promising, Pixar-like ring to it, as though it were a movie about squirrels suddenly faced with high cholesterol) the collectivist overtones of a title like “This Is 40” are singularly disingenuous. Because this isn't forty. It's more like fifty—for the one per cent.
Meghan Daum is an opinion columnist at The Los Angeles Times. Them most recent book is “Life Would Be Perfect If I Lived In That House”.
Microsoft has set up its own internal "university" to train Microsoft staff in the field of artificial intelligence.
The company is also looking to hire people at machine learning conferences likes NIPS.
Chris Bishop, head of the Microsoft Research lab in Cambridge, said he's keen to avoid "hoovering" up AI professors from universities.
Microsoft has set up an internal "AI University" in a bid to help it overcome the skills shortage in the booming field of artificial intelligence (AI).
Chris Bishop, the director of a Microsoft Research lab in Cambridge, UK, told Business Insider that the Microsoft AI University is one of several schemes Microsoft has implemented to address the lack of talent in the field of AI, where there's fierce competition between tech firms to hire the best people.
"We have a thing called AI University, which is an internal education programme so that people who are incredibly smart and capable but trained in a different domain can quickly learn about machine learning both in a foundational sense but also in a practical sense of how to use it," said Bishop.
When it comes to AI talent, Microsoft is competing with the likes of Amazon and Apple, who also have research offices in Cambridge, as well as DeepMind (owned by Google), Facebook, Twitter, and many others.
The global battle for talent is raging because of the potential AI breakthroughs that bright minds stand to make in the next few years thanks to recent advances in computation power and the availability of vast data sets.
AI is now at the core of almost all of the big tech companies' major products (think Apple's iPhone, Amazon Echo, Microsoft Surface, etc) and even fairly small advances in areas like speech recognition and image search could have a big impact on profits.
In a bid to attract the most capable people, the multibillion dollar tech giants are offering annual salaries in the hundreds of thousands of pounds and some people leading AI-focused teams at these companies are earning over £1 million a year, according to multiple sources that Business Insider has spoken to.
How Microsoft is recruiting AI talent
Microsoft is also trying to bring people into the company by finding talent at conferences and sponsoring students through university on the condition that they take a job when they've finished studying.
The Redmond-headquartered company has set up a large stand at an AI conference in LA this week called NIPS (The Conference and Workshop on Neural Information Processing Systems), where Bishop and their team hope to recruit a number of people.
Unlike some other companies, Microsoft is keen to avoid hiring all the best AI professors straight out of university, according to Bishop.
"One of the things we're trying to avoid doing is simply going into a university, hoovering up all the top professors and then just leaving tumbleweed blowing down the corridors," they said.
"That might be a short term fix for some companies but I don't think it serves even the industry itself very well, let alone academia or the nation, to take that rather short term view."
Dozens of AI researchers have left Oxford and Cambridge over the last few years for what are likely to be better-paid roles at DeepMind, according to LinkedIn.
Irina Higgins, for example, left their role as a machine learning tutor at Oxford in April 2015 before joining DeepMind as a research scientist in June of the same year. Higgins also completed a PhD in computational neuroscience and artificial intelligence at Oxford before leaving to join DeepMind.
Salaries at DeepMind averaged $345,000 (£258,000) in 2016, according to UK regulatory filings cited by Bloomberg.
Bishop, who declined to comment on DeepMind's hiring, said their lab is funding masters degrees and PhDs at the University of Cambridge and other schools in a bid to spot talent early and get it on side.
"We try to work with them [universities] to fuel that talent pipeline," said Bishop. "So for example we're a major sponsor of a masters programme at Cambridge University." Bishop added that Microsoft Research has funded around 200 PhD scholarships at the centuries-old institution.
Other tech firms, including DeepMind, are also funding students through university but perhaps not on the same scale. Researchers from DeepMind are also giving AI and machine learning lectures to students, and some are even acting as PhD supervisors.
Staff from Microsoft Research in Cambridge also helped to develop the UK's new "computing" curriculum, which replaced ICT in 2014.
Get the latest Microsoft stock price here.
Rod Hardy's 1979 film, Thirst, now re-released by local distributor Glass Doll Films, is commonly referred to as a good example of Ozsploitation cinema, the term given to the wave of Australian low-budget horror, comedy, and action films made after the introduction of the R-rating in 1971. That description and categorisation doesn't do justice to how good a horror film Thirst is in its own right, not to mention its place in the broader sub-genre of vampire cinema. Thirst opens on a startling image: Kate Davis (Chantal Contouri) awakens, screaming in an open coffin. As they leap out of the coffin and wanders around what appears to be a sealed crypt we hear two men discuss their reactions, Dr Fraser and Dr Gauss (David Hemmings of Deep Red and Henry Silva, respectively, brought into beef up the film's international appeal). From their conversation it is apparent Kate is the subject of some sort of observed experiment.
From here, the film jumps back two weeks. Davis appears to have everything in life, a rewarding job as a high-powered fashion executive, a beautiful house and a loving and attentive boyfriend. But disturbing visions plagues them Unbeknownst to her, she's also being spied on by a strange male (Robert Thompson, well known to fans of cult Australian film as the comatose patient with telekinesis power in Patrick, which appeared the previous year).  They are a functionary of the Australian arm of a transnational vampire cult calling itself ‘the Brotherhood'. The Brotherhood has identified Kate as the descendent of the Baroness Elizabeth Bathory, a real life Hungarian noblewoman and history's first recorded female serial killer, accused of torturing and killing hundreds of young women between 1585 and 1610. Bathory supposedly also exhibited vampiric tendencies, including bathing in their victim's blood.
The members of the Brotherhood aren't your typical vampires. Sunlight doesn't harm them and they only indulge in the traditional vampiric way of drinking blood during important ceremonies, with the use of false fangs. The rest of the time they rely for nourishment on ‘blood cows', tranquilised, childlike humans, who are, literally, milked for their plasma in an efficient, sterile, high tech facility on the grounds of a large rural estate.
The vampire clan as akin to ruling class corporate entity was an idea ahead of time in the seventies (one possible exception being the underrated 1973 film, Satanic Rites of Dracula in which Christopher Lee plays Dracula as a mysterious property speculator developing a virus fatal to humans). The depiction of the vampire's blood dairy also pre-figures a concern that would come to dominant the sub-genre in later years: how the undead secure a safe and abundant supply of food. This was evident in films such as Blade (1998) and Daybreakers (2009), and the underrated 1998 British television series Ultraviolet, in which a team of paramilitary police battle modern day vampires whose chief methods of survival include manipulating medical science to survive.
The visions Kate is experiencing are the opening salvo of an elaborate plot by the Brotherhood to reconcile them to their real identity as a vampire and mate them with a particularly creepy vampire nobleman, Mr Hodge (Max Phipps). As part of their indoctrination, the Brotherhood whisks Kate off to their estate. In the process of breaking down Kate's resistance – and revulsion – to their vampiric heritage, they become the centre of a conflict between the Brotherhood's rival scientists: Mrs Barker (Shirley Cameron), who believes the only way to get Kate to accept they are a vampire is to break their will through the application of increasingly lurid and violent hallucinations; and Dr Fraser who wants to gently seduce them into the fold. This rivalry runs parallel with the other major conflict in Thirst: what will win out, Kate's human conditioning or their emerging vampire tendencies?
As well as being ahead of its time, Thirst borrows from the healthy lineage of vampire cinema in the late sixties and seventies, as well as horror cinema more generally. The Brotherhood's rural estate (the former artists' colony of Montsalvat in the Melbourne suburb of Eltham) looks like it could be the setting of one of Hammer's vampire films. A scene in which Kate takes a shower and blood instead of water gushes from the faucet owes a debt to Carrie (1976) and Alfred Hitchcock's Pyscho (1960). But the biggest influence on Thirst would appear to be the canon of stylish, erotic, vampire films that appeared in the seventies; Harry Kumel's Daughters of Darkness (1971), Jesus Franco's Vampyros Lesbos (1971) and Female Vampire (1973), and on the other side of the Atlantic, Stephanie Rothman's The Velvet Vampire (1971). These fused art house sensibilities and soft-core porn aesthetics with horror tropes and sexual experimentation, the latter represented in the clash between young couples, brimming with countercultural energy, unwittingly coming under the sway of older, sexually sophisticated female vampires.
Thirst certainly contains elements of action cinema and high camp characteristic of Ozploitation. These include a chase sequence in which one of the vampire scientists is fried on overhanging electric wires, and a surreal scene in which a group of visiting overseas vampires are shepherded through the milking facility, led by a monotone voiced tour guide who tells them how the farm was established in 1939 due to concerns over the quality of the blood supply. These touches aside, Thirst's depiction of Kate's battle with vampirism, the strong implication, present in a lot of seventies vampire cinema, that drinking blood is sexually and morally liberating, the heavy emphasis on the fine line between reality and fantasy, played out in the bizarre and horrific psychological mind games inflicted on Kate, elevate the story, giving it a sophisticated and complex tone. The film also benefits from a wonderful score by the late Brian May, who lent their talents to numerous Australian genre films in the seventies and eighties.
The Internet has rendered information about even the most esoteric cult flick available with a couple of key strikes. Along with decreasing production costs, this has seen the advent of numerous distributors cranking out remastered versions of cult cinema, including several in Australia. Glass Doll Films is to be congratulated not only for helping Thirst find a new audience but also for doing what some local outfits have not, going the distance to include great extras. These include original TV spots and trailers, an audio commentary with Ron Hardy and producer Anthony I Ginnane, the latter of whom was involved in numerous Ozsploitation movies, and a fascinating series of extended interviews, parts of which originally appeared in Mark Hartley's 2008 documentary, Not Quite Hollywood.
Andrew Nette is a writer and reviewer. They previously covered a series of underseen film noir selections for 4:3 in the column The Big Nowhere. You can follow them on Twitter @Pulpcurry.
Pro-democracy activists shut down parts of downtown Hong Kong on October 1, 2014. Now they're battling police outside the government headquarters. UPI/Stephen Shaver | License Photo
HONG KONG, Nov. 30 (UPI) -- A mob of pro-democracy protesters wielding umbrellas battled Hong Kong police armed with batons and tear gas outside the main government building Monday.
The confrontation was ignited just days after police destroyed one of three camps established by protesters over the last two months.
The protest began with a rally and student leaders urging demonstrators to storm administrative offices to force concessions to their demands for democratic elections.
Police charged protesters as they poured into a major road leading to the headquarters of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying.
By early Monday, some 40 people had been arrested. Many more arrests are expected.
The volatile confrontation marked a new escalation in the conflict that has seen protests surge, then fade, and China refraining from a violent crackdown against activists.
The activists are demanding that the people of Hong Kong be allowed to choose their leader in democratic elections, but Chinese officials have said they will choose acceptable candidates.
Congress has filed a complaint with the election commission demanding registration of a case against Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj, for allegedly violating the Model Code of Conduct by wearing clothes associated with a particular religion.The complaint was filed by Madhya Pradesh Congress spokesperson Narendra Saluja against Swaraj after they allegedly wore "a mukut, chunri and trishul" (crown, shoulder garment and trident) while taking part in a BJP's Women's Cell programme at Mhow near Indore yesterday.The complainant alleged that since the Model Code of Conduct was in force in Madhya Pradesh, in view of the November 25 assembly polls, Swaraj had violated its provisions by wearing such an attire during the ongoing Navratri festival, in order to influence voters.During the programme, Sushma praised Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's welfare schemes by quoting examples associated with religious rituals.
Story highlights A man attempts to rob a gas station in Winter Garden, Florida
When the store clerks can't open the safe, they fire a gun at one of them
The bullet hits the clerk's cell phone, which is in their chest pocket
They complain of chest pains and goes to a hospital but is quickly released
A gas station clerk's smartphone may have saved their lives Monday by blocking a bullet fired at their chest in an attempted armed robbery.
The shooting happened after a man entered the store at the Hess gas station in Winter Garden, Florida, early Friday and asked a clerk to help them find a particular beverage.
The man then pulled out a revolver and demanded that the clerk open the safe, CNN affiliate WESH reported , but the clerk was unable to get the safe door open.
Another clerk then entered the store and was also ordered to open the safe.
After both the store workers' efforts to open it failed, the man fired a single gunshot as they left the store, WESH reported, citing police.
Emergency services workers were called to the store, and as they were interviewing one of the clerks, they complained of chest pains.
"So they started looking at the clerk. That's when they realized that the guy had actually shot at him, hit him, struck their cell phone, and the cell phone had stopped their bullet," Winter Garden Police Lt. Scott Allen said.
The chest pains were caused by the impact of the bullet on the cell phone, which was in the clerk's chest pocket, according to WESH.
They didn't suffer any other injuries and was quickly released after being checked at a hospital, the TV station said.
Their HTC smartphone came off worse. A photo showed its screen shattered around a hole where the bullet had lodged.
"I've seen individuals get shot with low-caliber handguns and I've seen it be life ending. So, for this gentleman to be as lucky as they are, it's a good day for us," Allen said.
The other clerk was reported to be unharmed.
Police described the suspect in the attack as a black man about 6 feet tall wearing a dark-colored hooded sweatshirt, pants, sunglasses, a bright yellow traffic vest and white gloves, according to WESH. They remained on the loose Monday evening, it reported.
Authorities aren't disclosing the name of the clerk who was shot, the TV station reported.
Next Tuesday, tens of millions of Americans will take to the polls to vote on everything from ballot issues to federal, state and local representation. But millions of voting-age adults will be sitting this one out.
An estimated 5.85 million Americans won't be able to vote due to prior felony convictions, according to an estimate from the Sentencing Project, a criminal justice nonprofit think tank. Of those, roughly 44 percent are estimated to be felons who live in the 12 states that still restrict voting rights after sentences have been served, a practice that excludes as many as 1 in 10 voting-age residents of Florida, the state with the highest rates of felon disenfranchisement.
The disproportionate effect on blacks
Such policies have a disproportionate impact on blacks, restricting the vote for roughly 1 in 13 voting-age blacks nationwide.
But in some states, the rate is much higher. More than 20 percent of voting-age blacks in Florida, Kentucky and Virginia will not be able to vote due to felony convictions—whether or not they have fully served their sentences. In six more states, such policies affect between 10 percent and 20 percent of black adults.
Overall disenfranchisement rates by state
Florida is home not only to the highest rates of black felon disenfranchisement, but overall disenfranchisement, too. More than 10 percent of voting-age Floridians are not able to vote. Mississippi is next, with a disenfranchisement rate of 8.3 percent. Another five states—Kentucky, Virginia, Alabama, Tennessee, and Wyoming—have rates above 5 percent.
Impact on the election
Felony disenfranchisement in the 2014 Senate battleground states. (Sentencing Project)
Felon voting restrictions could have consequences on the election, especially where races are tight, such as the battleground states highlighted by the Sentencing Project graphic above.
A policy rooted in post-Reconstruction America
The Sentencing Project's estimates for disenfranchisement in the current election are based off of a 2012 report and are in line with numbers cited by Attorney General Eric Holder, who in February made the case for restoring voting rights for felons.
In that speech, Holder said that such laws were used by states after the Civil War to keep blacks from casting ballots. Blacks account for 38 percent of disenfranchised Americans. Such disenfranchisement rates are highest in the South, as the proportional 2010 map below shows.
Cartogram of disenfranchisement rates, 2010. (Sentencing Project)
Who has the strictest felon-voting restrictions?
Felony Disenfranchisement Restrictions by State, 2014. (Sentencing Project)
Only two states—Maine and Vermont—allow felons in or out of prison to vote. Thirteen states and D.C. prohibit voting for those currently in prison or jail. Four more states also ban voting for those on parole. Nineteen states ban voting for this in prison or jail, out on parole or out on probation. And 12 states additionally ban voting in at least some way for voting-age adults who have fully served their sentence.
Stanley McChrystal, the general and chief architect of the counterinsurgency operations in Afghanistan, was relieved of their command on Wednesday, following a series of disparaging quotes that they and their aides made about the president and civilian leadership.
It was a remarkable conclusion to a frantic two-day period of frenzied coverage, climaxing with a Rose Garden appearance in which the president explained their rationale. In the end, it will remain a confounding episode for both historians and politicos alike. It was not McChrystal's connections to a scarring episode of detainee abuse and the cover-up of a revered soldier's death or their disparagement of the vice president's proposal for Afghanistan that did the general in. It was a series of interviews with Rolling Stone magazine, of all things.
"The conduct represented in the recently published article," said President Obama, "does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general."
Indeed, as Obama spoke in front of a throng of reporters at the Rose Garden, it seemed nearly surreal to imagine that a freelance reporter -- fortuitously embedded with McChrystal during an alcohol-filled bus trip from Paris to Berlin (the flight had been canceled due to volcanic activity in Iceland) -- had put the wheels in motion. McChrystal, after all, had made gaffes before, including publicly mocking Joe Biden's preference for a limited troop presence in Afghanistan ("Chaos-stan" they chided). More than that, they had been either intimately connected or directly tied to two very controversial episodes in recent military history. And no one seemed to notice.
McChrystal was the head of Special Operations command in Afghanistan when Army Ranger and former football star Pat Tillman was killed by friendly fire. They approved the paperwork awarding Tillman a Silver Star for dying in the line "of enemy fire" -- and they were "accountable for the inaccurate and misleading assertions" contained therein, according to an investigation -- despite knowing (or at least suspecting) that Tillman had died in an episode of fratricide. That episode barely registered with the public or, for that matter, Congress, when McChrystal went before the Senate Armed Services Committee waiting to take over control in Afghanistan. The one person who questioned whether more answers were needed was journalist Jon Krakauer who had just penned a book on Tillman's death and thought the general's explanations were "preposterous" and "unbelievable."
The second episode was even less well-known. Years after the Tillman death, McChrystal was mentioned several times in a report by Human Rights Watch which documented the abuse and torture of detained prisoners at Camp Nama in Iraq. A soldier, quoted anonymously in the findings, recalled seeing McChrystal at the facility "a couple of times." It was also reported that the general themselves said there was no way that the Red Cross would ever be allowed through the door at Nama -- where treatment of detainees was so bad, it earned the nickname Nasty Ass Military Area.
"It is not easy to say what their role was accurately because the entire program of detention and interrogation going on there remains highly classified," said John Siston, an author of the Human Rights Watch report. "But HRW was able to learn enough to say that they were in the chain of command that oversaw the operations of that special task force and the interrogation unit that took care of the detainees that that special task force detained."
Nama, like Tillman, never played a role in McChrystal's quick ascendancy through the military ranks. Indeed, one of the most ignored nuggets in the Rolling Stone piece involved the general and their staff prepping for tough questioning on both of these topics, only to discover that Congress didn't care.
In May 2009, as McChrystal prepared for their confirmation hearings, their staff prepared them for hard questions about Camp Nama and the Tillman cover-up. But the scandals barely made a ripple in Congress, and McChrystal was soon on their way back to Kabul to run the war in Afghanistan.
Congress it seemed was more invested in moving forward than looking back. And so it was that McChrystal became embroiled in a career-threatening controversy only after the Rolling Stone piece raised questions as to whether their shaky relationship with civilian leadership would compromise the Afghan mission.
It wasn't an unworthy basis for the general's dismissal though it may have fallen a bit short of the official definition of insubordination (but not by much). But it was telling for some that after dodging several other bullets, it was an article in a music magazine (and not even a cover article at that) that did the trick.
Spread the love
Three Moore Police officers were put on administrative leave while detective investigate an in-custody death from overnight. The family of the man who died said police beat them badly and they recorded it with a cell phone camera.
Nair Rodriguez and their daughter Lunahi told News 9 they got into an argument at the Warren Theater around midnight. Nair said they slapped their daughter then stormed away. Them husband, Luis, chased after them That was when the family said officers confronted Luis Rodriguez and asked to see their identification.
According to Lunahi and Nair, they tried to bypass the officers to stop their wife from driving off because they were so angry. They said officers took them down and it escalated.
Lunahi Rodriguez said that five officers beat their father to death right in front of her, in the parking lot of the movie theater, according to News 9 Oklahoma.
This type of violent escalation by police is now commonplace in today's society. Our biggest defense against this brutal occupying army is exposing their atrocities through filming them.
If they begin to act as if they have a authority to confiscate evidence that could potentially prove them guilty of a crime, then that claim to ‘authority' becomes even less valid.
Luckily there are people that have foreseen this corruption and have developed apps that stream video or photos to the cloud as it happens.
Below is a list put together by our friends at CopBlock.org , of some of the apps that you can use to protect yourself against corrupt cops.
Download a streaming app today to protect yourself and others.
July 20, 2015 — Ron Chusid
Bernie Sanders continued to draw big crowds over the weekend. In Phoenix Sanders was once again forced to move to a larger venue, drawing twice the number originally anticipated:
Bernie Sanders drew more than 11,000 people to a rally Saturday night in downtown Phoenix — the largest crowd to date for a presidential candidate whose audiences have been swelling in recent months. The Vermont senator, who has emerged as the leading alternative to Hillary Rodham Clinton for the Democratic nomination, got a rock-star-like reception from supporters who streamed into a cavernous lower-level room of the city's convention center. Aides to the self-described democratic socialist had originally booked a Phoenix theater that could accommodate fewer than half the number of people who turned out. The crowd estimate of more than 11,000 people was provided by staff at the convention center, where Sanders also appeared Saturday at a convention of progressive activists. “Somebody told me people are giving up on the political process,” Sanders said as they greeted the crowd Saturday night. “Not what I see here tonight.”
This exceeds their previous record in Wisconsin. The appearance in Phoenix was followed by thousands coming to see them in Texas.
While Sanders has so far received the bulk of the excitement, and media coverage, from liberal opposition to Hillary Clinton, BuzzFeed seems impressed with Martin O'Malley, calling them “the candidate who simply won't go away: who will work harder and mingle longer, who will shake more hands, answer more questions, propose more policy, be the most progressive and most aggressive — the candidate who will always engage.”
While Clinton draws headlines about their “strained relations” with the press, O'Malley's staff rarely turns a reporter away. (On Friday night, their super PAC invited members of the media to an afterparty with the sign-carrying field organizers. “It's open-press and we promise no rope-lines,” an official said in an email, adding a smiling emoticon. The Clinton cheer-squad, meanwhile, said they weren't allowed to talk to reporters.) And while other Democrats in the race, including Sanders, don't often go after Clinton, O'Malley makes a habit of it — indirectly, at least. (In their Iowa speech, they stressed their support for a $15 minimum wage, days after Clinton declined to endorse it, and suggested they were slow to oppose “bad trade deals” like the Trans-Pacific Partnership.)
With months to go until the Iowa caucus, this aggressive campaigning might pay off, and both O'Malley and Sanders might continue to reduce Clinton's lead.
Hillary Clinton continues to limit access to the press but did answer some questions on Facebook. After Clinton previously received criticism for saying “All Lives Matter,” and Martin O'Malley failed to learn from this mistake, themselves being attacked for saying, “Black lives matter. White lives matter. All lives matter,” Clinton finally got it right on Facebook.
The first freight train linking Harbin and Hamburg prepares to depart from Harbin in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, June 13, 2015. The first freight train linking Harbin and Germany's Hamburg departed from Harbin on Saturday. It runs a course of 9,820 kilometers and is expected to return to Harbin on July 11. [Photo/Xinhua]
HARBIN - A freight train service between the northeastern China city of Harbin and Europe was launched on Saturday, opening a new trade route between China and Europe.
The train left the railway station in Harbin, capital of Heilongjiang Province, at 10 am Saturday, carrying 49 containers of domestic goods such as electronic products and auto parts from northeast and north China, worth $3 million.
During the 9,820-km-long travel, the train will pass Russia and Poland before reaching its destination of Hamburg, Germany, said Tu Xiaoyue, general manager of HAO Logistics Co., Ltd, a joint venture which runs the service.
The train will be run once every week and each single trip takes 15 days. It will transport goods from China, the Republic of Korea and Japan as well as European countries such as Germany, Poland, France, Spain and Italy.
Several Chinese cities, including Chongqing, Chengdu, Changsha, Hefei, Yiwu and Suzhou, have launched similar freight train services to Europe.
THE family of a man killed by a crossbow bolt hopes new West Australian laws blocking the sale and possession of the weapons will prevent further deaths.
Christopher Halstead, 26, died in February 2009 after being shot at close range in the chest during a confrontation in the Pilbara town of Karratha.
Their death was a key prompt for new laws to ban the sale of crossbows in WA, with only a few exceptions.
Amendments to the Weapons Act 1999 come into force on Saturday across the state, reclassifying crossbows as prohibited weapons.
Wally and Yvonne Halstead called for a ban on crossbows following their son's death. Today, Mr Halstead said the new legislation seemed reasonable and appropriate.
"It's about minimisation of risk," they said.
"It's too late for our son who lost their lives. It's too late for our family who've been devastated.
"But, hopefully, with this new prohibition law, it may help prevent some other unfortunate person losing their lives or being very severely injured and any other family having to go what we went through."
WA Police Minister Rob Johnson said the new laws followed an agreement by the Australasian Police Ministers' Council that crossbows should be banned across Australia.
"The changes will limit the circumstances under which crossbows can be lawfully purchased," they said.
"We want to reduce the likelihood that a crossbow falls into the wrong hands and is used to injure or kill a person or animal."
The only exceptions will be genuine crossbow collectors, people engaged in crossbow events who belong to an Archery Australia club, and film producers.
Anyone with a crossbow who does not qualify for one of the three exceptions under the new laws must destroy or lawfully dispose of the weapon or surrender it to a police station.
Under the new regulations, people will not be able to hunt with crossbows in WA.
Mr Johnson said the RSPCA had welcomed that restriction. Horses, kangaroos, swans and other animals suffer horrific injuries caused by crossbow bolts, and often die slow deaths.
The penalty for buying, possessing, selling, supplying or manufacturing crossbows outside the exemptions is a $36,000 fine and three years' jail.
The Supreme Court found Fraser Macaree, 28, guilty of Mr Halstead's manslaughter in March 2010. They were jailed for six years.
The court heard that Mr Halstead had driven their friend Steven Bruce to Macaree's home so Mr Bruce could confront them about a one-night stand with their girlfriend.
Macaree had armed themselves with a crossbow, and Justice Stephen Hall found they deliberately pulled the trigger when confronting Mr Halstead in their driveway but had not intended to kill or harm him.
Justice Hall called for the government to consider regulations on the use of crossbows.
Originally published as Western Australia adopts crossbow ban
On Friday, October 24th, during the busy lunch hour in the school cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, in Marysville, Washington, Jaylen Fryberg opened fire on their classmates, killing one student and wounding four others, three of whom later died from their injuries. Then they killed himself.
Just a week earlier, Fryberg had been crowned prince of the school's homecoming court—he was a community volunteer, student athlete, and all-around “good kid.” But within hours of the shooting, that picture had changed. Quickly, media outlets analyzed their tweets, Facebook page, Instagram account, and their text and Facebook messages. They were “full of angst” and “anguished.” One media report concluded that “he just wasn't in the right state of mind.” Another went further: they were a “depressed sociopath.” Many writers pointed out that the Maysville school district had recently received a large federal grant to improve mental-health services for students. “We used to have a much greater social safety net,” the district supervisor Jerry Jenkins told the Seattle Times. “Yes, they were popular, but there came a time when something changed. If people are educated to look for those, these are things they can do intervene,” Carolyn Reinach Wolf, a mental-health lawyer with a specialty in school shootings, said. The suggestion underlying much of the coverage was that improvements in the mental-health system could have prevented the violence.
When mass shooters strike, speculations about their mental health—sometimes borne out, sometimes not—are never far behind. It seems intuitive that someone who could do something terrible must be, in some sense, insane. But is that actually true? Are gun violence and mental illness really so tightly intertwined?
Jeffrey Swanson, a medical sociologist and professor of psychiatry at Duke University, first became interested in the perceived intersection of violence and mental illness while working at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston in the mid-eighties. It was their first job out of graduate school, and they had been asked to estimate how many people in Texas met the criteria for needing mental-health services. As they pored over different data sets, they sensed that there could be some connection between mental health and violence. But they also realized that there was no good statewide data on the connection. “Nobody knew anything about the real connection between violent behavior and psychiatric disorders,” they told me. And so they decided to spend their career in pursuit of that link.
In general, we seem to believe that violent behavior is connected to mental illness. And if the behavior is sensationally violent—as in mass shootings—the perpetrator must certainly have been sick. As recently as 2013, almost forty-six per cent of respondents to a national survey said that people with mental illness were more dangerous than other people. According to two recent Gallup polls, from 2011 and 2013, more people believe that mass shootings result from a failure of the mental-health system than from easy access to guns. Eighty per cent of the population believes that mental illness is at least partially to blame for such incidents.
That belief has shaped our politics. The 1968 Gun Control Act prohibited anyone who had ever been committed to a mental hospital or had been “adjudicated as a mental defective” from purchasing firearms. That prohibition was reaffirmed, in 1993, by the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. It has only become more strictly enforced in the intervening years, with the passing of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System Improvement Act, in 2008, as well as by statewide initiatives. In 2013, New York passed the Safe Act, which mandated that mental-health professionals file reports on patients “likely to engage in conduct that would result in harm to self or others”; those patients, who now number more than thirty-four thousand, have had their guns seized and have been prevented from buying new ones.
Are those policies based on sound science? To understand that question, one has to start with the complexities of the term “mental illness.” The technical definition includes any condition that appears in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, but the D.S.M. has changed with the culture; until the nineteen-eighties, homosexuality was listed in some form in the manual. Diagnostic criteria, too, may vary from state to state, hospital to hospital, and doctor to doctor. A diagnosis may change over time, too. Someone can be ill and then, later, be given a clean bill of health: mental illness is, in many cases, not a lifelong diagnosis, especially if it is being medicated. Conversely, someone may be ill but never diagnosed. What happens if the act of violence is the first diagnosable act? Any policy based on mental illness would have failed to prevent it.
When Swanson first analyzed the ostensible connection between violence and mental illness, looking at more than ten thousand individuals (both mentally ill and healthy) during the course of one year, they found that serious mental illness alone was a risk factor for violence—from minor incidents, like shoving, to armed assault—in only four per cent of cases. That is, if you took all of the incidents of violence reported among the people in the survey, mental illness alone could explain only four per cent of the incidents. When Swanson broke the samples down by demographics, they found that the occurrence of violence was more closely associated with whether someone was male, poor, and abusing either alcohol or drugs—and that those three factors alone could predict violent behavior with or without any sign of mental illness. If someone fit all three of those categories, the likelihood of them committing a violent act was high, even if they weren't also mentally ill. If someone fit none, then mental illness was highly unlikely to be predictive of violence. “That study debunked two myths,” Swanson said. “One: people with mental illness are all dangerous. Well, the vast majority are not. And the other myth: that there's no connection at all. There is one. It's quite small, but it's not completely nonexistent.”
In 2002, Swanson repeated their study over the course of the year, tracking eight hundred people in four states who were being treated for either psychosis or a major mood disorder (the most severe forms of mental illness). The number who committed a violent act that year, they found, was thirteen per cent. But the likelihood was dependent on whether they were unemployed, poor, living in disadvantaged communities, using drugs or alcohol, and had suffered from “violent victimization” during a part of their lives. The association was a cumulative one: take away all of these factors and the risk fell to two per cent, which is the same risk as found in the general population. Add one, and the risk remained low. Add two, and the risk doubled, at the least. Add three, and the risk of violence rose to thirty per cent.
Other people have since taken up Swanson's work. A subsequent study of over a thousand discharged psychiatric inpatients, known as the MacArthur Violence Risk Assessment Study, found that, a year after their release, patients were only more likely than the average person to be violent if they were also abusing alcohol or drugs. Absent substance abuse, they were no more likely to act violently than were a set of randomly selected neighbors. Two years ago, an analysis of the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (which contained data on more than thirty-two thousand individuals) found that just under three per cent of people suffering from severe mental illness had acted violently in the last year, as compared to just under one per cent of the general population. Those who also abused alcohol or drugs were at an elevated, ten-per-cent risk.
Internationally, too, these results have held, revealing a steady but low link between mental illness and violence, which often coincides with other factors. The same general pattern also emerges if you work backward from incidents of gun violence. Taking a non-random sample of twenty-seven mass murders that took place between 1958 and 1999, J. Reid Meloy, a psychiatrist at the University of California, San Diego, found that the perpetrators, all of whom were adolescent men, were likely to be loners as well as to abuse drugs or alcohol. Close to half had been bullied in the past, and close to half had a history of violence. Twenty-three per cent also had a history of mental illness, but only two of them were exhibiting psychotic symptoms at the time of the violence. When you accounted for the other factors, mental illness added little predictive value. Swanson's own meta-analysis of the existing data, on the links between violence and mental health, which is due out later this year, shows the same basic formula playing out in study after study: mental-health problems do increase the likelihood of violence, but only by a very small amount.
Psychiatrists also have a very hard time predicting which of their patients will go on to commit a violent act. In one study, the University of Pittsburgh psychiatrist Charles Lidz and their colleagues had doctors at a psychiatric emergency department evaluate admitted patients and predict whether or not they would commit violence against others. They found that, over the next six months, fifty-three per cent of those patients who doctors predicted would commit a violent act actually did. Thirty-six per cent of the patients thought not to be violent in fact went on to commit a violent act. For female patients, the prediction rates were no better than chance. A 2012 meta-analysis of data from close to twenty-five thousand participants, from thirteen countries, led by the Oxford University psychiatrist Seena Fazel, found that the nine assessment tools most commonly used to predict violence—from actuarial ones like the Psychopathy Checklist to clinical judgment tools like the Structured Assessment of Violence Risk in Youth—had only “low to moderate” predictive value.
There is one exception, however, that runs through all of the data: violence against oneself. Mental illness, Swanson has found, increases the risk of gun violence when that violence takes the form of suicide. According to the C.D.C., between twenty-one and forty-four per cent of those who commit suicide had previously exhibited mental-health problems—as indicated by a combination of family interviews and evidence of mental-health treatment found at the scene, such as psychiatric medications—while between sixteen and thirty-three per cent had a history of psychiatric treatment. As Swanson points out, many studies have shown an even higher risk of suicide among the mentally ill, up to ten to twenty times higher than the general population for bipolar disorder and depression, and thirteen times higher for schizophrenia-spectrum disorders.
When it comes to the other types of firearms fatalities, though, it seems fairly clear that the link is quite small and far from predictive. After an incident like Sandy Hook or Virginia Tech, policymakers often strive to improve gun control for the future—and those efforts often focus on mental health and the reporting of prior records, as in the case of Connecticut. But if you look at people like Jaylen Fryberg, Mason Campbell, or Karl Pierson, you see no formal diagnosis of mental illness, and often, no actual signs of instability, either. Even when there are signs, as in Pierson's case, they often remain undiagnosed: Pierson was sent home from a mental-health evaluation with a clean bill of health. We'll never know whether counselling could have helped Fryberg. Perhaps it could have. But policymakers should also be focussing on other metrics that may have far more to do with such events than mental illness ever has.
In all of their work, Swanson has found one recurring factor: past violence remains the single biggest predictor of future violence. “Any history of violent behavior is a much stronger predictor of future violence than mental-health diagnosis,” they told me. If Swanson had their way, gun prohibitions wouldn't be based on mental health, but on records of violent behavior—not just felonies, but also including minor disputes. “There are lots of people out there carrying guns around who have high levels of trait anger—the type who smash and break things,” they said. “I believe they shouldn't have guns. That's what's behind the idea of restricting firearms with people with misdemeanor violent-crime convictions or temporary domestic-violence restraining orders, or even multiple D.U.I.s.”
“We need to get upstream and try to prevent the unpredicted: how to have healthier, less violent communities in the first place,” Swanson said. Mental illness is easy to blame, easy to pinpoint, and easy to legislate against in regards to gun ownership. But that doesn't mean that it is the right place to start in an attempt to curtail violence. The factors responsible for mass violence are messy, complex, and dynamic—and that is a far harder sell to legislators and voters alike. As Swanson put it, “People with mental illness are still people, and people aren't all one thing or another.”
There's an excellent article in the NY Times:
At the Philips Electronics factory on the coast of China, hundreds of workers use their hands and specialized tools to assemble electric shavers. That is the old way. At a sister factory here in the Dutch countryside, 128 robot arms do the same work with yoga-like flexibility. Video cameras guide them through feats well beyond the capability of the most dexterous human. One robot arm endlessly forms three perfect bends in two connector wires and slips them into holes almost too small for the eye to see. The arms work so fast that they must be enclosed in glass cages to prevent the people supervising them from being injured. And they do it all without a coffee break — three shifts a day, 365 days a year. All told, the factory here has several dozen workers per shift, about a tenth as many as the plant in the Chinese city of Zhuhai.
While it has taken longer for robots technology to be developed than many had thought twenty or thirty years ago, the technology is progressing, and if it robot factories are viable in 2012, they will only be that much better in 2022 and that much better gain in 2032.
This brings up the existential question of what low-IQ people are good for if robots can do manual labor just as well. If robots can manufacture electronic gadgets, and move stuff around a warehouse (the two main uses of robots discussed in the article), soon they will also be able to cook food at restaurants, do janitorial work, work in construction. Maybe we won't need truck drivers in another ten or twenty years, because trucks will drive themselves?
The robot tipping point is probably being delayed because our best and brightest are going into finance and other value transference fields instead of working on developing better robot technology.
LAS VEGAS — Two potential MMA rules changes with particular interest to fans will be voted on Tuesday by the Association of Boxing Commissions (ABC) body.
The MMA rules and regulations committee presented proposed rule alterations regarding the definition of a grounded fighter and the reduction of eye pokes Monday at the 28th annual ABC Conference here at the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino. Longtime official John McCarthy spoke for the committee.
In the proposed rule with regards to a grounded competitor, a fighter would need to have both palms or fists touching the mat, or anything else other than the soles of their or their feet touching, to be considered grounded. When a fighter is grounded, a knee or kick to the head against that fighter is an illegal attack.
Currently, the rule states that a fighter is grounded if they or they have any body part other than the soles of their feet touching the canvas. That has led to many fighters doing what officials call "playing the game" — leaning over with a fingertip touching the floor to become legally grounded and unable to legally receive kicks or knees to the head.
With eye pokes a hot topic lately, as well as a dangerous part of MMA, the rules and regulation committee is proposing a rule that states a fighter can be called for a foul if they or they are advancing with fingers extended toward the face of an opponent. Referees will be instructed to clearly communicate this to fighters, much like the foul for grabbing onto the cage. Fighters will be told to close their fists or point their fingers in the air. A fighter who is warned multiple times can have a point taken — like any other foul — if they or they continue to move forward with fingers outstretched.
The committee is also proposing the removal of fouls for heel kicks to the kidneys and grabbing the clavicle. The ABC body will also vote on a clearer scoring criteria (more on that here) and standardized regulations for women's MMA apparel Tuesday.
All these rules have also been passed through the ABC's medical committee, chaired by California State Athletic Commission (CSAC) executive officer Andy Foster. Sean Wheelock, former Bellator play-by-play man and current Kansas Athletic Commission commissioner, is the rules and regulations committee chair. Legendary fighters like Randy Couture and Matt Hughes are also on the rules and regulations committee.
Even if voted in by the ABC body, individual states don't have to adopt any new rules. New Jersey State Athletic Control Board deputy commissioner Rhonda Uttley-Herring vocally dissented to the proposed regulations, with the exception of the extended fingers foul and grabbing the clavicle, on the basis of medical reasons. Uttley-Herring takes particular umbrage to the grounded fighter proposed change, worried that dangerous kicks and knees to the head are being encouraged.
"I tried to tell this body," Uttley-Herring said. "It's not in the best interest of the fighters."
Uttley-Herring said New Jersey would not adopt any new rules if they are passed, outside of those two exceptions.
"Absolutely not," Uttley-Herring said. "We will not."
Mike Campbell, 75, is the lead plaintiff out of a group of 77 suing Mr Mugabe at the regional Southern African Development Community tribunal in the Namibian capital Windhoek, seeking to have Zimbabwe's seizures of white-owned land illegal.
As Mugabe's 're-election' in a one-candidate race was announced Mr Campbell, along with their wife Angela and son-in-law Ben Freeth, was abducted by a gang of Zanu-PF supporters and all three savagely beaten for several hours.
"It just makes me want to go more," they said defiantly in their hospital bed in Harare, where they are being treated for concussion, a broken collarbone, and broken fingers.
"I know that our case is a thorn in the government's flesh. It's an embarrassment to the president. Anything that's an embarrassment to the president pleases me greatly.
"What option have we got? We can choose two ways of handling it, either run away or you stick it out. I think we have got to the stage where we are very close to the turning point on the sticking it out bit."
Mr Campbell, who arrived in Zimbabwe 34 years ago from South Africa, where an ancestor of his, a captain in the Dutch East Indies Company settled in 1713, described the country's decline as "such a tragedy".
"Mugabe has used their position to remain in power in a racialist way," they said. "Mugabe keeps on playing this race card, they know it's a good one. They aren't like that at the beginning. There are some good guys in Zanu-PF but they have been horribly misled.
"He has turned the whole thing around and turned them into a bunch of thugs."
Mr Campbell has no memory of the assault, but Mr Freeth, 38, described how when the three were dumped tied up on the ground at a militia camp, there were "probably 50 or 60 people all singing Chimurenga songs and kicking us", referring to the war against Ian Smith's regime.
Over and over again, they were told they would be killed. "They seemed to be pretty serious about it," they said. "I was thinking, 'well if they are going to kill me then we all have to die at some stage. I know where I'm going, I'm a child of God and Jesus by Their blood has saved me, so I will be with Him today'. So I wasn't actually fearful, the fear was taken out of me, amazingly.
"We just carried on praying though this whole thing. When they didn't kill me in some ways it was quite a relief, I have got three young children and a wife to look after."
Nonetheless they have a seriously injured eye, bruising, and a large bandage around their head is testament to the severe concussion they suffered.
As they were driven away from the camp, the gang demanded that Mr Campbell sign a declaration they were abandoning the SADC tribunal case, they added. "His fingers were broken so they couldn't do anything so they got my mother-in-law to sign a thing withdrawing the case," they said.
"They said if they did it then they wouldn't kill us, so under extreme duress they signed it."
But they too will continue with the case. "We're obviously concerned about what's happened but we feel it's important to try and bring law and order back into Zimbabwe," they said.
"As Zimbabweans all we want to do is be able to live in peace, it doesn't matter who we are, whether white farmers, black farmers, people in town, we all just want to be able to live in peace. What's happening at the moment is not peaceful."
BURNS -- Some of the West's most promising rangeland research is taking place in an industrial kitchen where scientists might be mistaken for pastry chefs.
They spend their winters tweaking ingredients, running dough through a pasta machine and doughnut maker, and whirling batter in a massive stand mixer.
The resulting recipes are repulsive, but then palatability isn't the goal.
The scientists at the Eastern Oregon Agricultural Research Center in Burns hope to save the Great Basin's vanishing sagebrush steppe with seeds coated with chemical icing and baked into compost biscuits.
"There's a race right now that's going on," said Matthew Madsen, a U.S. Department of Agriculture researcher working on the project. "This isn't going to be a quick fix, but each year we move ahead."
Fires, invasive plants and human encroachment have shrunk the ecosystem characterized by hardy sagebrush and deep-rooted bunchgrasses to a fraction of its historic size. The federal government has named it one of the nation's most imperiled ecosystems.
As the steppe shrinks, the animals that evolved over millennia to thrive here suffer, too.
Never has the issue been more pressing than now, as federal wildlife officials consider listing the greater sage grouse as an endangered species. The sage grouse lives only on the steppe, and a decision to list it could radically alter land use policies in Oregon and 10 other western states.
An ecosystem in decline
Loss of habitat is among the bird's biggest challenges, and invasive species are a major culprit.
Noxious weeds such as cheatgrass and medusahead have no natural predators here, nor do they pose any advantage to the ecosystem.
Cattle won't eat them. Sage grouse won't nest under them. And when lightning strikes, they burn like wild then exploit the devastation to gain a bigger foothold.
Native perennials like sagebrush and bunch grasses can't repopulate the charred ground fast enough to compete with fast-growing invasives that can blanket the landscape in a single season.
"It used to be that the site would eventually recover," Madsen said. "Now, if we don't reseed and get native plants back within a year or two, the weeds come in and occupy that space."
Making matters worse, the invasive grasses are more prone to fire. Their presence triggers a cycle of bigger, hotter fires and more acres of sagebrush lost.
Since the 1970s, fire managers have combatted invasive weeds by sprinkling native seeds from aircraft onto burned land or drilling them into the soil.
The approach is costly and often ineffective. During the abysmal fire season of 2012, the Bureau of Land Management spent more than $28 million on seeds alone.
"Then add the cost of actually planting them, monitoring them to see if they took - it becomes a big expense," said Jessica Gardetto, a spokesperson for the public lands agency.
Workers sprinkle hundreds of seeds per square meter. They consider themselves successful if a single plant sprouts on an area that size. But even with that low bar, researchers say, success only happens 2 to 10 percent of the time.
"We're seeding areas and we're seeing them convert to cheatgrass over and over," said Jay Kerby, a project manager with The Nature Conservancy who works on the pasta maker project. "To me, that's a failure."
Cooking up a solution
Scientists at the Burns research station discovered as many as 80 percent of seedlings planted in the fall were sprouting before winter, then perishing when the ground freezes.
Planting in the spring to avoid the die-off creates other problems. In a region with little moisture after the snow melts, seeds often dry out before they take root.
Enter the kitchen equipment.
Armed with $1 million in funding, a team of scientists from the federal agriculture department and The Nature Conservancy are seeking a solution.
By manipulating seeds' growth processes to keep them from germinating too early or too late, then creating better conditions for them once they take root, they hope to improve the success of post-fire reseeding.
"If we don't need 500 seeds to get one plant - if we can put out 100 or 200 - that's a huge success and a significant cost reduction," said project coordinator Vanessa Schroeder.
For spring-planted seeds, each day they fail to germinate is a missed opportunity before the dry season sets in and halts new growth. The researchers use the pasta and donut machines to encase seeds in a compost mixture that jumpstarts growth by up to several weeks.
"The earlier they germinate, the more likely they'll be big enough to survive through the summer drought," Schroeder said.
The compost also offers protection from the elements, and strength in numbers. Seeds stuffed into a compost pillow grow together, applying more force to break through crusted soils that a single seedling might not penetrate.
Seeds destined for fall planting are slathered with a water-blocking coating to keep them dormant until the spring thaw.
Early results are promising. In some trials, the treated seeds were three times more likely to produce plants than traditional reseeding methods.
At the Northern Great Basin Experimental Range west of town, the proof is in the charred ground on the research team's test plots.
"This was damned near pristine sage steppe," Kerby says as they walk the land. "We killed it all to recreate that worst case fire scenario."
They stoop to inspect a grey-green sagebrush seedling poking through the blackened soil. "And this is a ray of hope."
The research still has its kinks. Success varies depending upon the shape of the landscape, the thickness of the seed coating and the ingredients in the compost dough.
The researchers hope with a few more years of tests, they can perfect their recipes and develop a protocol to help land managers decide which seed treatments work best in various fire scenarios.
Eventually, they hope to sell their patent to a company that can manufacture their product on an industrial scale - no kitchen equipment needed.
"It has a lot of potential, but we're not at the stage where we can recommend that all land managers put their seeds in pillows," Madsen said.
-- Kelly House
khouse@oregonian.com
503-221-8178
@Kelly_M_House
Gov. Rick Scott of Florida announced new rules on Saturday requiring nursing homes and assisted-living facilities in the state to have generators capable of maintaining comfortable temperatures for at least 96 hours in the event of a power loss.
The governor's announcement came three days after eight residents of a nursing home in Hollywood, Fla., the Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills, died when the home lost power to its cooling system in the wake of Hurricane Irma.
The public outcry over the episode has intensified after the home said that its staff, or people calling on their behalf, had contacted the governor himself, as well as the power utility and several county and state agencies, to get the problem resolved, to little avail.
Under the new rules, all of the state's assisted-living facilities and nursing homes will have 60 days to obtain what the governor's statement called “ample resources” that will “sustain operations and maintain comfortable temperatures” for at least four days after a power failure. Those resources, the statement said, include a generator and fuel.
In a change of strategy, Microsoft will release a Skype app for the Universal Windows Platform after all. The company says that the app will be released first for Windows 10 on PCs and tablets, followed by a Windows 10 Mobile version.
Microsoft previously announced that a UWP version of Skype would not be released . Instead, the company decided to integrate Skype features into its Windows 10 Video and Messaging apps. A "preview" of that experience was released for Windows 10 on PCs in November .
Microsoft said it has been taking feedback from Windows 10 users since then :
But what we also learned from this feedback is that as the screen size gets bigger—large tablets, 2 in 1s and PCs for example— and you begin to use the apps, expectations shift and people want to limit app clutter. And like that, you once again want an app that lets you do anything you want within the comfort of one window. This is why we are introducing the Skype Universal Windows Platform app. We wanted to learn from integration and improve on the current Skype app with new experiences. We've simplified the look and feel by removing duplicative and unnecessary menus to prevent confusion between them. The global menus are now in a new, single Settings menu, and you'll see contextual menus appear in upcoming releases.
Members of the Windows Insider program will get the first chance to check out the Skype UWP app for Windows 10 on PCs and tablets in the coming weeks. The first version will include these features:
The current version of Skype can still be used on Windows 10 PCs, but Microsoft does plan to "streamline all Skype for Windows 10 experiences into the Skype Universal Windows Platform app" over time in various stages.
Again, the Windows 10 Mobile version of the Skype UWP will be launched at a later date.
It's so far been another sorry, sorry year in the technology industry, with big name companies, hot startups and individuals making public mea culpas for their assorted dumb, embarrassing and other regrettable actions.
Here's a rundown of the Year in Apologies to date, and somehow I have a feeling it will need to be updated before Dec. 31. (Also: 2013 and 2012 Sorriest Tech company lists.)
But first, a little mood music, courtesy of Bob Mould, performing "I Apologize" in Boston while I was working on this collection:
Apple: iOS mess
Apple stunk up its own iPhone 6 party by issuing a buggy version of iOS 8 followed up with an even buggier patch, dubbed iOS 8.0.1. Apple quickly pulled the plug on the patch, guided customers how to undo it and yes, offered an apology: "We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users, and are working around the clock to prepare iOS 8.0.2 with a fix for the issue."
Snapchat: Exposed
2013 ended with industry watchers being wowed that Snapchat had reportedly turned down a $3B takeover offer from Facebook. But Snapchat was looking a lot less invincible in January 2014 when it was revealed that the popular photo messaging app had been breached and that millions of user names/phone numbers were exposed on the Web. The company acknowledged its flawed security on Jan. 2, but waited another week before issuing a formal apology about it.
Google: Nazi problem
Google apologized in January after a Berlin, Germany intersection known today as Theodor-Heuss-Platz was mistakenly listed as Adolf-Hitler-Platz on Google Maps. Edits submitted to the site by users were mistakenly approved by “mapping volunteers or Google moderators,” according to a statement from Google published by Yahoo News. "In this particular case, the change in the street name was mistakenly approved, and we fixed it as soon as we were made aware. We apologize for any offense caused," the statement read.
Oracle's Ellison: Ever the Sails-man
A year ago this month, thousands of customers waited at the Oracle OpenWorld conference for Larry Ellison to deliver a keynote speech ... but they never turned up. Ellison had chosen to indulge in their other passion, boat racing, and was attending the America's Cup finals instead. Oracle had sponsored a team in the competition and Ellison was instrumental in bringing the event to San Francisco.
This year, Ellison began their keynote speech with an apology. (See video) “A year ago, I was a no-show at this conference on Tuesday,” they said, getting some laughs from the crowd. “I'd like to take a moment to apologize to everybody, but we were desperately trying to come back from an 8-to-1 deficit in the America's Cup.”
Facebook: Quite a drag
Facebook apologized in the fall to drag queens and the broader Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual/Transgender community in the wake of controversy over the site's names policy, clarifying that users don't have to use their legal name. “I want to apologize to the affected community of drag queens, drag kings, transgender, and extensive community of our friends, neighbors, and members of the LGBT community for the hardship that we've put you through in dealing with your Facebook accounts over the past few weeks,” said Chris Cox, chief product officer at the company.
Dropbox: About that outage
The file sharing site suffered an outage on Jan. 10 that affected some customers for a few others but others off and on throughout the weekend. Speculation swirled that it was a DDoS attack intended to make a statement a year after the death of programmer and Internet activist Aaron Swartz, but Dropbox fessed up that it caused its own problem during a routine server upgrade that went awry: “We know that many of you rely on Dropbox every day — we pride ourselves on reliability, and any downtime is unacceptable. In response, we're currently building more tools and checks to make sure this doesn't happen again… We're sorry for the trouble this caused, and we thank you for your patience and support.”
Pop-up Ad Guy: ‘Nuff said
MIT Media Lab's Ethan Zuckerman wrote an essay for The Atlantic in August in which they apologized for ruining the Web by coming up with the idea for the pop-up ad while with an early Internet company called Tripod. “I wrote the code to launch the window and run an ad in it. I'm sorry. Our intentions were good.”
Yahoo: Over and over
Yahoo ended 2013 with a 5-day-long email outage that affected some 1 million users and that forced CEO Marissa Mayer to apologize. The company followed that up with an unsportsmanlike tweet about Gmail going down in January, and then shortly after that apologized to its customers for email troubles stemming from what it deemed a coordinated attack (“We regret this has happened and want to assure our
TV survival guru Ray Mears has swapped the trade that made them famous for a new history travelogue show about the Wild West.
Advertisement
The survivalist has taught bushcraft on British television screens since the 1990s, and has been pitted against Bear Grylls as a ‘real' survivalist, who doesn't do tricks, fakery or gimmicks for entertainment's sake.
“The survival stuff has taken a different angle on television, which I'm not really very comfortable with,” explained Mears ahead of their new North American BBC4 history show How the Wild West Was Won.
Although Mears still teaches survival as a subject and continues to be a guide, they have no plans to do any further survival shows. “I like to deal with the real subject, not the hype,” explained Mears, who believes that the integrity of the survival subject has been brought into question as a result of certain TV shows.
“The most important thing about British television is that programme makers hopefully listen to their audience. Our audience is a very sophisticated audience, I get to meet them when I give lectures, I listen very intently to the questions they ask. It saddens me when I get asked ‘is this true?' or ‘is this real on television?' We have a very sophisticated audience in the UK and it's the envy of the world. That's what makes our television good.”
Mears believes US survival shows are the worst, “[Bear Grylls] does it a lot better than some of the stuff I've seen coming out of the US recently,” said Mears, who's not impressed with survival shows like Discovery's Naked and Afraid (which does pretty much what it says on the tin). “It's just rubbish, it's just people who don't know the subject dreaming stuff up – it's telly gone mad.
“There is a lot of stuff coming out of America at the moment which I absolutely detest, a lot of cheap TV at the moment – it's bad for the industry because the viewers get tired of it and they don't trust telly anymore.”
In How the Wild West Was Won, Mears veers away from the survival genre and uncovers the tales, routes and struggles of North America's Wild West. They film spectacular panoramas, travels to mountainous scenes, across vast deserts and the Great Plains.
“I think my skills and my experience, all the things that I've done, enable me to communicate with people on a slightly different level,” they explain. “I think historians can take a very dry viewpoint, a retrospective viewpoint. I'm interested in the human. When people go west, I hear the sound of the traces being tied up around the girth of a horse, I hear the clink of a bucket being hung on the back of a wagon, the sound of an axe being sharpened on a stone.” In their new show, they intend to bring these fascinating stories to life.
How the Wild West Was Won with Ray Mears starts at 9pm, Thursday 22 May, on BBC4
Visit North America with Radio Times Travel, see here for more details
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzKTd_ks7dM
Advertisement
Visit North America with Radio Times Travel, see here for more details
An Indiana company that tried to bring an invasive species across the Windsor-Detroit border into Ontario has been fined $30,000.
On Jan. 9, 2012, a truckload of live Asian carp was stopped at the Ambassador Bridge in Windsor, Ont. Officers with the Ministry of Natural Resources inspected a load of two varieties of Asian carp and found several of them still alive. They seized 1,179 kilograms of carp at the time.
On Thursday morning in a Windsor courtroom, Phoenix Fish Farms of Indiana pleaded guilty to possessing live Asian carp in Ontario.
Kevin Sprague, an officer with the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources, said it is illegal to possess live Asian carp in Canada.
Sprague said the carp could be "devastating" for the Detroit River and the Great Lakes if they ever entered the waterways.
Sprague said monitoring for Asian carp is a priority for the ministry. There have been six cases involving the invasive species in the last two years.
"They're going to cause damage to the native fish species that live here and out-compete with them; out-compete for habitat, for food, and decimate their populations," Sprague warned. "I effect, that would affect the commercial and sport fishing industries in the area — which is massive."
At this time, the ministry does not believe the invasive species is in the Great Lakes system.
"From what I'm aware of … I think we've been doing inspections in the area, at the border crossings in Sarnia and Windsor, for probably over two years now. So they've been very high on the radar for at least two years," Sprague said.
The lawyer for the company refused to comment.
Earlier this year, Ottawa committed $17 million to a plan to stop an Asian carp invasion of the Great Lakes.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- The driver who allegedly struck a pedestrian in an Eltingville crosswalk last month has been criminally charged under a Vision Zero law aimed at protecting pedestrians' rights of way.
Kristie Lazzara, 39, of the 100 block of Macon Avenue, was driving a white 2014 Cadillac Escalade on Drumgoole Road East at about 5:15 p.m. on Jan. 11 when they attempted to turn left onto southbound Richmond Avenue, said police.
The Escalade struck a 58-year-old female pedestrian who was crossing Richmond Avenue in the marked crosswalk, police said.
"The pedestrian's 'walk' signal was illuminated and ... the pedestrian had the right of way," said a criminal complaint.
A Police Department spokesperson said the victim was taken by ambulance to Staten Island University Hospital, Ocean Breeze, after suffering a traumatic head injury that left them unconscious.
Lazzara remained on scene, said police.
Lazzara appeared Friday in Criminal Court and was charged with failure to yield the right of way, a misdemeanor, and failure to exercise due care, a traffic infraction, online state court records show.
 They are free on their own recognizance and was ordered back to court on April 18.
Them lawyer's name was not immediately available.
No Vision Zero charges in any pedestrian deaths on Staten Island in 2015 A Vision Zero law geared towards protecting pedestrians' rights of way made no impact on Staten Island traffic fatalities in 2015.
In a statement, prosecutors said, "Pedestrian safety is of paramount concern to District Attorney Michael E. McMahon. In this matter, as in all cases where Right of Way offenses are alleged, our office will consult with police and carefully evaluate all of the facts, circumstances and evidence before proceeding forward with a prosecution."
The "Right of Way" law, officially known as Local Law 29, is a Vision Zero measure passed in 2014 that makes a criminal misdemeanor charge possible for any driver who strikes a pedestrian or cyclist who has the right of way at a street crossing.
However, the legislation, championed by Mayor Bill de Blasio, was rarely used citywide in 2015, according to a DNAinfo report.
Not one driver was charged under this law or any other in relation to the deaths of 10 pedestrians and one cyclist fatally struck by motor vehicles on Staten Island last year.
McMahon took office as district attorney on Jan. 1.
Bubble Boy Single Shot DWC System
All Bubble Boy systems utilize the Deep Water Culture (DWC) type of hydroponic plant growing method. DWC hydroponics provides plants with highly oxygenated and nutrient-enriched water directly to the root zone increasing plant growth and speeding plant development. Your plants will grow faster and larger in the Bubble Boy Hydroponic system when compared with soil grown plants. Complete instructions and hydro tips included!
Aeration is the key to DWC performance, which is why Bubble Boy systems include a larger air pump and high-quality 2" air stones. These components provide the increased oxygenation and diffusion that is truly needed to produce amazing plants in no time. Bubble Boy Single Shot systems also feature 6 Inch RhizoCore bucket lids, available exclusively at HTG Supply. RhizoCore bucket lids have a super-aerated center channel, which provides more oxygen and solution flow to the core of the root zone for supercharged root production!
Bubble Boy Single Shot Includes:
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Wednesday that two phone calls that President Donald Trump publicly mentioned — but were later disputed by others — didn't actually happen, but were instead in-person conversations.
“The conversations took place,” Sanders said at a press briefing regarding Trump's alleged phone calls between the head of the Boy Scouts and the president of Mexico. “They just simply didn't take place over a phone call… They had them in person.”
The Boy Scouts organization said that they were “unaware” of a phone conversation between Trump and chief executive Michael Surbaugh. Mexico denied the conversation altogether, saying in a statement: “President Enrique Peña Nieto has not had any recent telephone communication with President Donald Trump.”
The first instance took place July 25, when Trump told the Wall Street Journal that Surbaugh had called them with praise following the President's appearance a day earlier at the National Scout Jamboree in West Virginia — despite their speech drawing wide criticism for its political overtones and Surbaugh later writing to parents that they “regret[ed] that politics were inserted into the Scouting program.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“I got a call from the head of the Boy Scouts saying it was the greatest speech that was ever made to them, and they were very thankful,” Trump said in the Journal interview, according to a transcript obtained and published by Politico.
What Trump was actually referring to, Sanders said, was in-person conversations with “multiple members of the Boy Scout leadership, following their speech there that day,” who “congratulated him, praised them and offered quite powerful compliments following their speech.”
Then on Monday, Trump claimed to have received a call from Peña Nieto after the swearing in of new chief of staff, John Kelly.
“Even the president of Mexico called me,” Trump said in the Oval Office. “Their southern border, they said very few people are coming because they know they're not going to get to our border, which is the ultimate compliment.”
Sanders said that Trump was actually referring to an in-person chat with the Mexican president last month at the Group 20 Summit in Hamburg.
“On Mexico, they were referencing the conversation that they had had at the G-20 Summit, where they specifically talked about the issues that they referenced,” Sanders said.
A reporter then asked them if Trump had lied.
“I wouldn't say it was a lie,” Sanders said. “That's a pretty bold accusation.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The cast rehearses for "The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson" in 1990. CBS Photo Archive/ Getty Images
In July 2007, an announcement about puppets got significant attention in the international media. Jim Henson's family stated that it planned to donate more than 500 puppets, as well as props and sketches, to the Center of Puppetry Arts in Atlanta. In order to receive the collection, the center must raise the funds to build a wing that will house and exhibit it. The collection will span the more than 50 years of Henson's work in TV and film.
If the name Jim Henson isn't familiar, you probably know one of their most popular creations: a small, bright-green frog with long limbs, round eyes and an endearing way of throwing their arms over their head and yelling "Yaaaay!" when they get excited. He's been on television for more than 50 years and in movies for nearly 30. Kermit the Frog is one of Jim Henson's puppets, better known as Muppets, and an international ambassador for puppets. Kermit and Jim Henson were on hand for the opening of the Center for Puppetry Arts in 1978. Many people refer to Jim Henson as the most influential American puppeteer ever.
But what exactly is a Muppet? According to some sources, including Jim Henson's wife, Jane, "Muppet" is a combination of the words "marionette" and "puppet." (A marionette is a specific type of puppet with strings attached to a control bar or bars, operated by a puppeteer from overhead.) However, Henson themselves always said that they came up with the word "Muppet" because they liked the sound of it.
Muppets come in all sizes, from just a few inches long to more than 8 feet tall. They can be hand puppets, rod puppets or a combination of the two. Some Muppets are even worn by their operators. Muppets are also just about every shape, color and style imaginable -- they can look like an animal, a person or an imaginary creature. But all Muppets have a few things in common: They're made from soft, flexible materials, they're perfectly suited for TV and movies, and they have unique, dynamic personalities.
In this article, we'll learn all about Muppets -- the different types, who operates them, where they come from and what they've been up to lately. First, we'll look at how Muppets are made.
Microsoft is becoming M(ai)crosoft.
R&D and Investments in Cognitive Technologies.
Peter Zhegin Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 17, 2016
Tech giants are active players at the cognitive technologies scene. Alphabet and Facebook proved themselves active acquirers and investors in cognitive tech. Supercomputers, robots and drones are among themes approached by Internet giants.
Microsoft, however, seems to be following a differed path: it integrates cognitive technologies into traditional products and makes them smarter.
Bill Gates coined the concept of ‘digital nervous system (DNS)… that … [provides] a well-integrated flow of information to the right part of the organization at the right time'. This intellectual system inherits some important features of its biological prototype, for instance, it ‘…blocks out the information that isn't important …' [1] The system acts as an agent, anticipating user's intentions and making some decisions by its own.
Recent Microsoft's efforts in cognitive technologies follow the path, once highlighted by the DNS concept.For instance, at the recent Build Conference, Microsoft highlighted ‘conversational' interface, aiming to facilitate information overload, users face[2].
Cortana, a digital assistant, became more integrated into firm's traditional products and got more freedom to act independently from a user. The assistant, for example, may find and send a document, as well as book a hotel on behalf of a user[3]. Bill Gates, retired from the Chairman role, pays attention to ‘Personal Agent' project, indicating the importance of the DNS approach to the company's future[4].
Through the internal research and development as well as acquisitions and investments, Microsoft makes its software smarter. At least five cognitive technologies were explored and integrated into Microsoft's products, namely:
Machine Learning is a key element of Priorities and Notification platform as well as Adaptive Interface;
is a key element of Priorities and Notification platform as well as Adaptive Interface; Speech Recognition was pioneered since 90s, shipped as part of OS since Windows XP, then cloud-powered and currently available as a part of Cognitive Services (Project Oxford);
was pioneered since 90s, shipped as part of OS since Windows XP, then cloud-powered and currently available as a part of Cognitive Services (Project Oxford); Natural Language Processing (NLP) efforts in spelling, syntax, and other areas allowed to form own platform for NLP in Office and to develop Bing/Cognitive Services APIs;
(NLP) efforts in spelling, syntax, and other areas allowed to form own platform for NLP in Office and to develop Bing/Cognitive Services APIs; MS has been working on Knowledge Graphs since 2007, it built an ontology of the everyday things in early 2008;
since 2007, it built an ontology of the everyday things in early 2008; Computer Vision efforts led to Bing's Lenses, Office Lenses in Windows Phone and iOS, as well to Kinect and the recently available AR headset, HoloLens. Computer vision also may become a part of a digital assistant, enabling it to describe the world around[5].
Microsoft's broad interests in cognitive technologies are reflected in its investments and acquisitions. Pitchbook's database allows identifying at least seventeen transactions by Microsoft, related to purchasing or investing in the cognitive tech assets (See Table 1).
Oct 8, 2015; Indianapolis, IN, USA; Indiana Pacers forward Rakeem Christmas (25) battles for position with Orlando Magic center Nnanna Egwu (21) and forward Devyn Marble (11) at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Pacers won 97-92. Mandatory Credit: Brian Spurlock-USA TODAY Sports
How Do This Year's Indiana Pacers Starters Stack Up Against Last Year's?
How Do This Year's Indiana Pacers Starters Stack Up Against Last Year's? by Ryan Eggers
After spending one night in the NBA Development League with the Fort Wayne Mad Ants, Rakeem Christmas was recalled to the Indiana Pacers.
The Indiana Pacers are showing why it pays to have an NBA Development League team as they have recalled Rakeem Christmas from the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
The Pacers have a thin roster with the injuries to Paul George, C.J. Miles, Kevin Seraphin, and Myles Turner (tweaked their ankle last night), so Rakeem's services are needed back on the NBA roster.
Indiana hasn't announced the status of Seraphin or Turner for tonight's game against the Golden State Warriors.
The Pacers have recalled Rakeem Christmas from Fort Wayne. They could be needed tonight with Kevin Seaphin (knee) & Myles Turner (ankle) hurt. — Nate Taylor (@ByNateTaylor) November 21, 2016
Recalled from @TheMadAnts this morning, @R_Xmas25 is back with the team for tonight's game. pic.twitter.com/RReyyFkMxQ — Indiana Pacers (@Pacers) November 21, 2016
Christmas struggled a bit in their first game back with the Mad Ants, scoring 7 points and grabbing 2 rebounds, but last season they had solid numbers with Fort Wayne.
Whether Christmas plays tonight or not, having another body — and the chance for Rakeem to get more NBA experience — ready to go from Fort Wayne makes life a little easier for the Pacers.
Story highlights Woman charged with public indecency
Incident happened at a Waffle House January 8
(CNN) A woman is under arrest after a naked rampage through a Waffle House restaurant, authorities said.
Jennifer Mary Henderson, 37, is jailed in Cobb County, Georgia, northwest of Atlanta. The Sheriff's Office booking report says she's been charged with aggravated battery and criminal damage to property. She's also charged with public indecency.
The incident happened last week at a Waffle House in the city of Kennesaw.
Police tell CNN affiliate WGCL that Henderson stripped off their clothes, then hit a woman and threw several platters of food at Waffle House customers. When police tried to arrest her, they fought back, scratching an officer.
She's also charged with simple battery against a police officer. No bond has been posted in their case.
VANCOUVER -- On Saturday morning around 10 a.m., Vancouver resident and amateur photographer Anthony Ellis snapped a photo of the North Shore Mountain. It wasn't until they got home and viewed the digital photo on their computer that they saw the speck hovering over the mountain.
“I was quite surprised,” said Ellis, who believes the object is a UFO.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW MORE IMAGES
Ellis says they didn't alter the photograph in any way, and the black speck does not appear on other photos taken the same day.
According to the 2012 annual Canadian UFO survey, 1981 Canadians reported sightings, a jump of nearly 100 per cent over previous years. Of those, only 7.5 per cent were evaluated as unexplained. Ontario residents log the most UFO sightings annually, with B.C. ranking second with 20 per cent of the sightings.
Reported UFO sightings generally peak in spring and summer months, with one possible explanation: it's silly season again.
OTHER UFO SIGHTINGS
In August 2010, reports broke about an unidentified flying object hovering over Cultus Lake in Chilliwack, B.C. CLICK HERE to view the article and HERE to view photos.
Also, click HERE to view images of other alleged UFOs, as spotted by Vancouver Sun readers.
UFO above North Shore Mountains
Have you seen a UFO? Email us your stories or pictures to sunwebfile@vancouversun.com
The University of Liberia (UL or LU in older versions of abbreviation) is a publicly funded institution of higher learning located in Monrovia, Liberia. Authorized by the national government in 1851, the school opened in 1863 as Liberia College and became a university in 1951. The school is one of the oldest institutions of higher learning in West Africa and is accredited by the Liberian Commission on Higher Education. Civil wars have disrupted and damaged the school over the last three decades.
The University of Liberia has six colleges, three professional schools (including a law school and medical school), and three graduate programs with a total of approximately 18,000 students at its three campuses in and around the country's capital city. UL also has five institutes for study in areas such as the Chinese language and population research. The law school is the only one in Liberia. Graduates have gone on to leadership roles in Liberian politics including former President Arthur Barclay.
History [ edit ]
In 1847, Liberia declared its independence from the American Colonization Society. In 1851 the new national legislature authorized the creation of a state college and chartered Liberia College.[1] Financing was provided by the New York Colonization Society and the Trustees of Donations for Education in Liberia, both United States organizations.[1] These two groups provided almost all of the funds for the school during the 19th century and were responsible for hiring the faculty.[1]
Liberia College in 1862
After authorization, groups from Clay Ashland and Monrovia maneuvered in political circles in an attempt to have the school in their cities, with the location eventually chosen as the capital city.[1] This political battle delayed the foundation; on 25 January 1858, the cornerstone of the first building was laid in Monrovia.[2] In January 1862 the school was inaugurated, with classes beginning in 1863.[1] The nation's first president, Joseph Jenkins Roberts, became the school's first president in 1862 and served in that post until 1876.[1]
Students and faculty in the 1890s
Seven men made up the first class of students, with a college preparatory division adding 18 students to the enrollment two months later.[1] In addition to American financing, colleges and individuals from the United States donated books and even the bricks and lumber used to construct the school's building.[1] At opening, the library had an estimated 4,000 volumes.[1] Once classes opened, the curriculum was the standard courses typical at American colleges with courses such as rhetoric and Latin.[1] Part of the impetus to start the school was a concern that some Liberians were already leaving the nation to study in Great Britain, which American backers thought might lead to a move away from the republican form of government.[3]
During the 19th century, sophomores and freshmen would battle each other in an annual ritual over whether the freshmen were allowed to wear trousers.[4] From 1866 to 1902 the school had 10 graduates with long periods between the granting of degrees.[1] Under the leadership of Edward Wilmot Blyden, school president from 1881 to 1884, women were allowed to enroll in the preparatory department.[1] During the 1800s UL and country suffered from class and caste conflicts, which led to the temporary closure of Liberia College on several occasions in the 1890s.[1] R. B. Richardson was the first alumnus to become the president of the school.[1]
20th century [ edit ]
The School of Forestry at the college was founded in 1942 by Stephen A. Tolbert, who served as dean of that school until 1960.[5] Enrollment increased at the university to approximately 70 students in 1948 and to 100 in 1950.[6] In 1951, J. Max Bond, Sr. helped to convert the college into the University of Liberia.[7] Also in 1951, the Law School was established and named after former Liberia Supreme Court Chief Justice Louis Arthur Grimes.[8] In 1956, the now university had an enrollment of 259 students.[6]
Liberia College in 1893
In 1968, a medical school was added to the university.[9] Due to civil strife in the country, UL has closed on several occasions including in 1979, 1984, and 1990.[10][11] In one incident in 1984, students and the faculty of the University of Liberia protested the arrest of two faculty members by the Liberian government.[6] Liberian President Samuel K. Doe sent the Liberian Army to attack the school on 22 August 1984, leading to several deaths, more than one hundred injured, a three-month closure, and destruction of some of the facilities.[6] It did not grant any degrees from 1989 to 1996 due to the fighting from the First Liberian Civil War.[12] When UL re-opened in 1997 enrollment totaled 6,000 students,[12] though the civil war had damaged facilities at the university and led many of the faculty to leave the country.[12] The last of the strife ended with the conclusion of the Second Liberian Civil War in 2003.
21st century [ edit ]
The campus in 2009
In 2007, the American Bar Association paid for renovations to the law school.[13] In April of that year the university opened a new 200 computer digital center paid for by a private company.[14] In June 2007, the school's president suspended classes after a faculty strike over back wages owed by the government,[15] with classes re-opened in July.[16] In February 2008, U.S. President George W. Bush visited the campus during a state visit to Liberia.[17]
China funded a USD $21.5 million expansion at the Fendall Campus that began in April 2008 and will add more than five buildings.[18] In March 2009, construction began at that campus of the new Angie Brooks International Center for Women's Research, Peace and Security, named in honor of Angie Brooks, who was the first female president of the United Nations General Assembly.[19] Emmet Dennis became the 13th president of the university that month as enrollment topped 18,000.[20] The Harvey S. Firestone Quadrangle Science Building at the main campus was renovated by Firestone Liberia and re-opened in November 2009.[21]
Academics [ edit ]
The university is the oldest degree-granting school in West Africa,[10] and is accredited by Liberia's Commission on Higher Education.[2] Classes are taught in English with the academic year running from March through December.[2] Undergraduate students earn bachelor's degrees after four years of instruction, while the graduate programs offer master's degrees after two years of post-graduate work.[2] Doctorates in medicine are conferred after the completion of a seven-year program.[2]
As of 2009, there were 17,620 students enrolled at the university in all departments, of which 13,009 are men and 4,611 women.[22] This made the school the largest by enrollment in Liberia.[22] UL had a total of 331 faculty members at that time. The faculty was male dominated with 304 men and 27 women.[22]
The school is divided into six colleges, three graduate programs, and three professional schools.[23] Colleges at the University of Liberia include the Liberia College of Social Sciences and Humanities, the College of Business and Public Administration, the College of General Studies, and the T. J. R. Faulkner College of Science and Technology.[23] Additionally, there are the William V. S. Tubman Teachers College and the William R. Tolbert College of Agriculture and Forestry, both named after former presidents of the nation.
Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law, the only law school in Liberia, was added into the university in 1951.[24] The A. M. Dogliotti College of Medicine was opened in a partnership between Italy's A. M. Dogliotti Foundation and the government of Liberia.[25][26][27] Students of the medical school are required to give one year of service in rural areas after graduation.[6] The School of Pharmacy is the third professional school, while graduate programs include the Ibrahim B. Babangida Graduate Program in International Relations, the Graduate Program in Regional Science, and the Graduate Program in Education Administration.
In addition to the schools and departments of study, UL houses five institutes.[2] These are the Institute for Research, Institute for Population Studies, Kofi A. Annan Center for Conflict Transformation, Center for Millennium Development Goals, and the Confucius Institute.[2][28] The Confucius Institute teaches the Chinese language and culture and it is also in cooperation with the Changsha University of Science and Technology.[28]
UL is a member of the Association of African Universities.[29]
Facilities [ edit ]
Fendel Campus
The publicly funded university is divided into three campuses.[30] The main, original campus in downtown Monrovia, a medical campus, and the Fendall campus, about 14 miles northeast of Monrovia.[31] The College of Agriculture and Forestry is at the rural Fendell Campus.[32] The university provides four buses to transport students between these campuses. The main campus was originally designed by J. Max Bond, Sr., who the president of the school in the early 1950s.[33]
Radio station LUX 106.6 FM is operated by the school.[34]
Notable alumni [ edit ]
Alumnus includes past and present Liberian politicians and academics. These include Liberia's Vice President Joseph Boakai[35] and former presidents Arthur Barclay and Joseph James Cheeseman.[1] Candidates for the 2005 Presidential Election included UL alums Nathaniel Barnes, Varney Sherman, Togba-Nah Tipoteh, and Joseph Woah-Tee.[36] The chairperson, Jerome Verdier,[37] and the vice-chair, Dede Dolopei,[38] of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission are alumni. Other alumni are attorney Francis Y.S. Garlawolu, Chief Justice Johnnie Lewis, politician Charles Brumskine, Foreign Minister Olubanke King Akerele, and former United States Ambassador to Liberia and founder of the Maryland Industrial and Agricultural Institute for Colored Youths, Ernest Lyon among others.
Former presidents and faculty [ edit ]
New York's mayor and police commissioner said that crime statistics released Monday prove it is possible to usher in a less aggressive style of policing and lower crime at the same time. Andrew Siff reports. (Published Monday, Jan. 4, 2016)
New York's mayor and police commissioner said that crime statistics released Monday prove it is possible to usher in a less aggressive style of policing and lower crime at the same time.
The NYPD said they made 54,000 fewer arrests last year than they did in 2013 as part of a conscious effort established in 2014 to restore battered relations with minority communities. Officers made only a third of the low-level marijuana arrests they were making in 2011 and they have dramatically curtailed a practice of halting law-abiding people in the street and searching them for drugs or weapons.
And yet crime hasn't spiked, as some pundits had predicted.
Homicides remained near all-time lows, with 350 killings last year, just off a historic low of 333 set in 2014. The number of people shot dropped slightly from the previous year. There was a 2.1-percent increase in the number of robberies, but the number of burglaries was down more than 10 percent.
Police Commissioner William Bratton called 2015 "the safest year in the modern history in New York City," and they said it validated a strategy of focusing on addressing pockets of high-crime while exercising discretion in enforcement.
"Yes, both can be done. Both have been done," Mayor Bill de Blasio said.
When Bratton took over in 2014, they were tasked with changing the culture of a department that had come under fire for so-called "stop and frisk" tactic, in which officers halted hundreds of thousands of people annually based on mostly thinly founded suspicions that they might be carrying drugs or weapons.
The department changed policies on low-level arrests that clogged courts. Bratton created a three-day training that teaches officers to de-escalate confrontations, and re-tooled how rookie officers start policing. A community policing pilot program was put in place in two precincts.
Last year, police documented fewer than 57,000 street stops, compared to 685,000 in the peak year of 2011. Critics of the change had warned that curtailing "stop and frisk" might lead to fewer handguns being seized from illegal owners, but police reported that gun arrests were up 10 percent last year.
The changes have been watched closely by departments around the country grappling with rocky relations between police and black citizens.
Former NYPD Commissioner Claims Current Top Cop is Fudging Crime Statistics
New York CIty's former police commissioner is taking a jab at the current top cop, and Mayor de Blasio isn't happy about it. Chris Glorioso reports. (Published Wednesday, Dec. 23, 2015)
In Chicago, Mayor Rahm Emanuel last month fired their police chief and ordered changes to use of force procedures amid an uproar over shootings by police.
"Smart police chiefs understand their communities and all of the dynamics that exist ... so that they can tailor what is learned from NYC, as well as research to the local context," said Brenda Bond, an associate professor of public service at Suffolk University who studies police performance around the country.
In New York, the decline in shootings prompted a war of words between two giants of law enforcement — Bratton and former police commissioner Raymond Kelly, who accused the current brass of manipulating crime data, something Kelly themselves was accused of during their tenure.
"Shame on him," Bratton said. "Let them back up that accusation, if you're going to make it, stand up, be a big man, and explain what you're talking about."
Kelly responded a few hours later. During a news conference at the Time Warner Center, the former commissioner gave specifics: They said people suffering graze wounds — as well as those injured by flying glass caused by gunfire — were not always recorded as shooting victims; likewise, wounds suffered by an uncooperative victim were now being labeled self-inflicted.
A Palestinian man was killed while attempting to attack Israeli Border Police in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Abu Dis on Saturday night, when the bomb they were carrying apparently exploded prematurely.
Initial reports indicated that there were no casualties among the Israeli forces.
Earlier Saturday a Border Police officer shot dead a Palestinian teenager who tried to stab them as they guarded the entrance to a West Bank settlement.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Roqaya Abu-Eid, 13, approached the entrance to Anatot, near Jerusalem, brandishing a knife, and attempted to stab the police officer as they went to speak to them There were no Israeli injuries in the incident.
Israel Police said later that an initial investigation showed the girl, from the nearby village of Anata, had fought with their parents and stormed out the family home with the knife, declaring that they wanted to die.
At least 29 Israelis and some 150 Palestinians, most of them attackers, have been killed in the latest spate of terrorism and violence in recent months, which has included Palestinian stabbing, car-ramming and shooting attacks in Israel and the West Bank.
The head of the Palestinian domestic intelligence body said this week that the Palestinian Authority has prevented 200 attacks against Israelis in the current wave of violence, which began in October.
Korea — map
Gathering in Silence
Call to Prayer
Lighting of Candle
Invitation
In the name of Jesus Christ, welcome to this service of peace. “The rise of Zion the beautiful, the peaceful reign of Christ, awaits your wholehearted response to the call to make and steadfastly hold to God's covenant of peace in Jesus Christ.”
—Doctrine and Covenants 164:9b.
Today in our prayers we remember the people of Korea, located in Northeast Asia. It consists of two distinct sovereign states: North Korea, known as the Demoratic People's Republic of Korea and South Korea, officially the “Republic of Korea.” Located on the Korean Peninsula, Korea is bordered by China and Russia, and separated from Japan by the Korea Strait and East Sea.
Scripture Reading— 1 Peter 5:5b, NRSV
And all of you must clothe yourselves with humility in your dealings with one another, for
“God opposes the proud,
but gives grace to the humble.”
Prayer for Peace
Gil Porter
O Creator of our being, the One who loves the smallest, busy black ant and the giant and graceful, blue whale, who in particular loves us, each one, in our concern for one another and in our overflowing heart and joyful awareness.
Increase our awareness of each other and all your creation.
In our tentative touching of life to life help our responsiveness and awareness of the warmth of loving concern and supporting sensitivity. May we allow room for each one to be…
To be the precious one we know we are in your sight and in your all-pervading, surrounding presence.
We find the peace of wholeness of our life, our neighbor's life, and our place in the land and community where we have our calling.
Peace with your creatures and especially your people is our calling today; peace and wholeness for all. Amen.
Hymn
Today's hymn is 72 in Community of Christ Sings, “Gather Us In.” Please sing or silently reflect on the meaning of the text.
Prayers of the People
As we enter a time of guided prayer, meditation, and musical reflection, you are invited to offer silent prayers or meditate during the moments of quiet. The Prayers of the People begin with individuals and groups, then move out from this Temple of Peace to include the human family and, ultimately, the planet.
Jesus Christ, the Light of the World, invites you into their presence and their peace. Please allow yourself to breathe deeply and envision yourself in their all-embracing light as we share the prayers of the people.
Pause.
Radiant God, we come into your presence grateful for the light you have brought into the world; breathe your spirit into our very beings. May your love to shine from within us as evidence that you continue to bless your creation with possibility and peace.
Pause.
Illuminating One, as we experience that light within us, help us radiate your love and light to those around us. May our friends, families, co-workers, and neighbors become aware of your light that emanates from within them as well, redeeming brokenness and creating peace.
Pause.
Light of the world, extend ever-increasing brightness within this circle of self and friends to those who live all around the world including Korea, the country for which we pray this day. In places of darkness and hopelessness, may rays of your saving light break through and provide the way to hope and peace.
Pause.
Holy One, who created darkness and light, bless all your creation with the energy your light produces. Continue to sustain all forms of life—both seen and unseen, for the welfare of your beloved creation. May the entire earth be at peace.
Pause.
May the One who spoke light into darkness and substance out of the void hear our prayers. May the circle of light in which we live be enlarged to encompass all that was, and is, and is to be. Amen.
Musical Reflection
Sending Forth
As we depart in joy,
Confront injustices,
Be part of transformations toward peace, and
Generate hope for the world.
Go in peace.
Fox has cited Wednesday's ruling – which found Aereo to be operating illegally – to bolster its claim against Dish
A day after a surprise US supreme court decision to outlaw streaming TV service Aereo, US broadcaster Fox has moved to use the ruling to clamp down on another internet TV service.
Fox has cited Wednesday's ruling – which found Aereo to be operating illegally – to bolster its claim against a service offered by Dish, America's third largest pay TV service, which streams live TV programming over the internet to its subscribers and allows them to copy programmes onto tablet computers for viewing outside the home.
The move has fueled criticism of Wednesday's ruling from groups that have argued the decision will limit consumer choice, hand more power to broadcasters and stifle innovation.
Immediately after Wednesday's ruling, Fox's legal team submitted the supreme court's Aereo decision to bolster its case against Dish. Oral arguments in the case are scheduled before the ninth circuit court of appeals on 7 July in Pasadena, California.
Dish and Fox have clashed over several services offered by the satellite TV provider including Hopper, a service that allowed customers to record all of a prime time broadcasters schedule and AutoHop, which allowed them to skip all of a broadcaster's ads.
The ninth circuit denied Fox's attempts to close down Hopper in 2013 and refused to rehear the case in January this year. Fox will challenge that decision at an oral hearing in Pasadena.
The clash centres on Dish's Dish Anywhere streaming service and its Hopper DVR “sideloading” feature. Dish Anywhere allows customers to watch live TV or the content of their DVR on mobile devices, laptops and desktop computers. The sideloading feature allows content from a DVR to be transferred to an iPad. Dish uses technology developed by Slingbox, which makes devices that allow customers to remotely stream their TV service. Slingbox is owned by Dish's former parent company and current technology partner EchoStar.
Fox's lawyers believe the Aereo ruling strengthens their case against Dish. In a letter to the court Richard Stone, partner at Jenner & Block, wrote that the supreme court had ruled Aereo's service constitutes an “unauthorized public performance of Fox's copyrighted works.”
“Dish, which engages in virtually identical conduct when it streams Fox's programming to Dish subscribers over the internet – albeit also in violation of an express contractual prohibition – has repeatedly raised the same defenses as Aereo which have now been rejected by the supreme court,” they wrote.
Stone highlighted that the court had specifically rejected Aereo's assertion that it is “merely and equipment provider” and that Aereo's subscribers were the ones transmitting content.
The supreme court decision was praised by broadcasters who argue that Aereo undermined their business and would force them to introduce a paywall for their channels. The major broadcaster receives hundreds of millions of dollars per month in retransmission fees from cable companies for their channels whereas Aereo was retransmitting them for free.
But consumer groups attacked the decision. Gene Kimmelman, president and CEO at Public Knowledge, which had submitted a brief with the court in favour of Aereo, said: “It is very unfortunate for consumers that the supreme court has ruled against Aereo, which has provided an innovative service that brings consumers more choices, more control over their programming, and lower prices."
"We're concerned that the court's misreading of the law leaves consumers beholden to dominant entertainment and cable companies that constantly raise prices and gouge consumers.
"This decision, endangering a competitive choice for consumers, makes it all the more important for the Department of Justice and Federal Communications Commission to guard against anti-competitive consolidation, such as the Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger."
Jason Buckweitz, associate director for the Columbia Institute for Tele-Information, said the Dish case had many differences to Aereo, not least that Dish has a license to broadcast Fox and is not just taking its programming. But they said the Aereo case was likely to be cited by broadcasters looking to reach better terms or shut down new services they believe harm their businesses.
“They do not want to let go of what works for them,” they said. “What's sad is that the brakes are going to be put on innovation. Do you want to be a company that tries new things or do you want to play it safe?”
They said the 6-3 ruling by the supreme court was likely to embolden broadcasters just as it would scare off innovations. “Broadcasters now have every incentive to litigate everything,” they said.
Fox declined to comment. Dish did not return calls for comment.
Sen. Bernie Sanders tells Rachel Maddow that they are going all the way to the Democratic convention, no matter what. "We're moving West where we think the terrain favors us," they said. "to suggest that we don't fight this out to the end would be, I think, a very bad mistake."
They added: "I believe, we have received more votes from people under 30 than Secretary Clinton and Donald Trump combined... I think I am a stronger candidate to defeat Trump than Secretary Clinton is and I think many of the superdelegates understand that."
RACHEL MADDOW: You've raised so much money and have shown such fundraising prowess. Obviously, you can -- no matter what happens in primaries and caucuses, you can stay in this race indefinitely. You're never going to run out of money. You are right now behind in the delegates. Because you won't have that kind of constraint on your campaign, though, I wonder if you can imagine a scenario in which you're still behind Secretary Clinton in terms of delegates, but you went all the way to the convention this summer and tried to make a case for yourself by persuading the superdelegates to support you instead of them Is that something you can imagine doing that?
BERNIE SANDERS: Well, here's the scenario: Secretary Clinton has done phenomenally well in the Deep South and they have picked up a whole lot of delegates there. We are now moving beyond the South. We're moving West where we think the terrain favors us. West Coast is probably the most progressive region of the United States of America.
We think we have a good shot, can't guarantee it, of winning a whole lot of states, of winning a whole lot of delegates, of perhaps winning California, state of Washington, Oregon, many of the smaller states and winning New York state. We think if we come into the convention in July in Philadelphia, having won a whole lot of delegates, having a whole lot of momentum behind us, and most importantly perhaps being the candidate who is most likely to defeat Donald Trump, we think that some of these superdelegates who have now supported Hillary Clinton can come over to us. Rachel, in almost every poll, not every poll, but almost every national matchup poll between Sanders and Trump, Clinton and Trump, we do better than Hillary Clinton and sometimes by large numbers. We get a lot more of the independent vote than they get. And, frankly and very honestly, I think I am a stronger candidate to defeat Trump than Secretary Clinton is and I think many secretary -- many of the superdelegates understand that.
MADDOW: Senator, there were reports today in "The Washington Post" and more pointedly in "The New York Times" that didn't quote President Obama but they described remarks they made apparently at a closed door event on Friday in which they told donors, at least it's reported that they told donors that the Democratic Party needs to start to unite behind a nominee, and in "The New York Times", there was a strong suggestion that the president indicated that they beliefs the nominee will be your opponent, it will be Secretary Clinton.
I know that you consider President Obama to be a friend. I just have to ask your response to that.
SANDERS: Well, I don't want to speculate on what they said or what they didn't say. In fact, I heard there has been some push back from the White House, kind of indicating that they didn't say that.
But the bottom line is that when only half of the American people have participated in the political process, when some of the larger states in this country, people in those states have not yet been able to voice their opinion on who should be the Democratic nominee, I think it's absurd for anybody to suggest that those people not have a right to cast a vote.
I am extremely proud that in state after state we are winning the votes of working people. Overwhelmingly, we're winning young people who are the future of this country.
A study just came out today, I believe, we have received more votes from people under 30 than Secretary Clinton and Donald Trump combined. Many states were winning the votes of people under 45. That is the future of America. That is the future of the Democratic Party.
So to suggest that we don't fight this out to the end would be, I think, a very bad mistake. People want to become engaged in the political process by having a vigorous primary and caucus process.
I think we open up the possibility of having a large voter turnout in November and that is exactly what we need. A low voter turnout, somebody like a Trump can win. High voter turnout the Democratic candidate will win.
I think we have the issues. I think the American people are prepared to vote strongly against Trump. But we need to have a 50-state process by which the American people can -- in which the American people can participate.
Full interview:
How much do you need to know to be great?
In most areas of expertise, there is a bounded corpus of knowledge, that practitioners can expect to expound on at coffee shops or analyze on their blogs.
If you want to make a mobile app for an iOS device, you are operating at the intersection of software, design, and Apple's particular development philosophy and tools. True competency requires successfully drawing on key concepts from each of these areas (and filling in your own blanks).
So let's take a look at what the corpus looks like for iOS7 developers.
You can download a PDF poster version of this here.
Some concepts here are needed for any kind of software project. Much of this would overlap with similar tools in the Android world. But if you can speak casually about each of these leaf nodes, you can count yourself among the professionally-skilled mobile developers of the day.
The Best Way to Learn
If you are feeling like you haven't yet arrived at iOS competency, or are just getting started with mobile development, here are some hints to sharpen your skills.
Have a path forward
Use the above graphic as a map of the landscape. Plan how you can pick your way from where you are to where you want to be.
Break it down
For each new concept you want to add to your toolbelt, identify the small pieces of which it is composed. Learn each chunk individually. Then learn to combine the chunks
Get a guide
We learn the best when we can see the best in action. Find someone, a mentor or teacher or tutor or buddy who's figured it out, and spend time watching them work.
Your guide will also be able to answer specific questions you have, and get you un-stuck should you hit any road blocks in your learning.
Join a community
Get together with other learners. They will provide inspiration and motivation for you to continue and stay consistent when you feel overwhelmed or off track.
We have a Code Fellows bootcamp starting September 9th. This is a great way to fast forward your learning of these concepts—we also guarantee that you'll get a job if you can successfully pass the course.
OMAHA, Ne (FOX42KPTM) - A Nebraska Democratic Party official is now in hot water. An audio recording was posted on YouTube Thursday with Phil Montag, a technology chairperson, voicing how glad they were Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise got shot last week at a baseball practice. Nebraska Democratic Party chairperson Jane Kleeb confirmed to FOX 42 News Thursday it was really their voice.
"His whole job is to get people, convince Republicans to (expletive) kick people off (expletive) health care. I'm glad they got shot," said Montag in the audio recording.
Montag is now looking for a new job. Kleeb let them go after the recording became public.
"I wish they were (expletive) dead," said Montag in the recording.
"We obviously condemn any kind of violence, whether it's comments on Facebook or comments in a meeting," said Kleeb when reached by phone Thursday.
FOX 42 News tried several times to reach out to Montag Thursday. We e-mailed, sent text messages and called. We also tried to see them in person, but we could not reach him.
"Our country is better than the political rhetoric that is out there from both the far right and the far left," said Kleeb.
The audio that was released Thursday comes about one week after a Nebraska state Democratic leader was asked to resign. Chelsey Gentry-Tipton was involved in a controversy over a Facebook post about Congressman Scalise.
Aug 12 (Reuters) - Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure says they were “unfairly” criticised last season for a perceived dip in form but insisted they could not care less.
The Ivory Coast captain was at their marauding best against West Bromwich Albion, scoring a brace in their club's Premier League opener on Monday.
“For me, I'm quite surprised. Last season was not the best season for us, but second in the table, I think, is not bad at all,” the 32-year-old was quoted as saying by the British media.
“There has been a lot of criticism about me but it was not a bad season. Twelve goals and I won the Copa (Africa Cup of Nations) for my country. It's not bad at all.
“I know what I want, I know what I have to do. I don't care what people are saying about me,” they said.
One of the most dominant players in European football when on song, Toure insisted they were “not back”, as had been widely reported.
“I've always been there. People have to understand football is not talking about one player, it's about the team. I hope this year is going to be fine for us,” Toure said.
“The important thing is we have a target. That is to bounce back like we did two seasons ago.
“The Premier League is very tough. There's a very long way to go. There are 37 more games, we want to be fully aware of all that's coming,” they said.
City host champions Chelsea at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday and the importance of the match is not lost on Toure.
“We have a massive game on Sunday against a direct rival. I hope it will be a good one for us,” the former Barcelona player said.
“Sunday is going to be tough again — after that we have Everton. I think it is a strong start. We are fully focused this year.” (Reporting by Shravanth V in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
The Yahoo board of directors will meet this week to determine the fate of the flailing company. And one of the options on the table is for Yahoo to sell off its core assets—online services like Yahoo.com and Yahoo Mail—and effectively end the 20-year-run of the one-time Internet powerhouse.
News of the meeting—and its stunning possible outcome—comes via several reports, including The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, and Reuters, each of which credits its own sources. Regardless of the outcome, one thing is certain: The Yahoo board is no longer certain that Marissa Mayer can turn things around.
The issue for Yahoo is simple. It had planned to sell off its stake in the China-based e-commerce giant Alibaba, but that holding is by far its biggest asset, with an estimated value of $30 billion. But Yahoo's market capitalization is just $31 billion. So when you factor in Yahoo's 35 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, which is now worth about $8.5 billion, and about $5.9 billion in cash assets, that means its core business is currently valued at less than zero.
(An October 2015 Cantor Fitzgerald research report valued Yahoo's core business at $3.9 billion, The Wall Street Journal says.)
Complicating matters, Yahoo had not expected to pay taxes on the approximately $23 billion in would have netted in selling off its Alibaba stake. But the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in September warned the company that it would not approve such a transaction, and that Yahoo was instead liable for several billion dollars in taxes should it sell-off the Alibaba stake. Yahoo had previously said it expected a “favorable ruling” on its tax-free transaction request.
So the Yahoo board now faces some hard choices.
On the one hand, its core online services are still among the most-visited Internet properties, and are collectively third behind Google and Facebook. Those visitors haven't translated into much revenue for Yahoo. But a larger buyer (like Microsoft) could potentially roll them into its own services. And a smaller buyer could try to make a go with the services as-is.
But Yahoo's services are shrinking, and with recent failures in online video, advertising, and mobile apps, Yahoo is essentially managing older businesses that exist on inertia alone. CEO Marissa Mayer said in October that they would “reset” the company's focus. But nothing has worked so far, and time could be running out.
Microsoft, of course, had tried to acquire all of Yahoo back in 2008, for almost $45 billion. That purchase would clearly have been the biggest mistake in its corporate history and would have far exceeded other disasters like Nokia ($7.2 billion). That said, it's not clear if some of Microsoft's more recent bone-headed decisions would have occurred in the wake of a Yahoo debacle.
It's odd to look back on this, but Microsoft's attempt to buy Yahoo was an unsolicited, hostile takeover aimed at shareholders, and it came about because previous, and friendlier, negotiations had failed. Yahoo's management at the time—including co-founder Jerry Yang—wrongheadedly thought the firm would be better off on its own. And they won. As a result, Yahoo has been circling the drain ever since.
Today, Microsoft could acquire Yahoo's core businesses for much, much less. But even at a reduced price—$3.9 billion, let's say—these services don't offer much value beyond a few hundred million users, many of whom are probably Microsoft customers already as well. And that's the problem for Yahoo, in a nutshell: That audience should be worth something. But to the bigger players who might consider such a purchase, they're really not worth that much at all.
For much of this year, Marissa Mayer and Yahoo have been in the news because of the firm's indecision around which kind of company it wanted to be, an online services firm or a content firm. Now, it appears none of that matters. What it really is, is a takeover target. And one whose value is shrinking by the day.
A WOMAN who spun a stranger's child around on a playground ride so fast they became upset and screamed for help, has been handed a six-month prison sentence.
Kylie Radatti had to be restrained by two people before police arrived and arrested them at the weekly Bongo Beat event at Justins Park, Burleigh on Sunday night.
The 34-year-old pleaded guilty in Southport Magistrates Court yesterday to one count of public nuisance and was sentenced to six-months jail with immediate parole.
Radatti told reporters outside the court they were innocently playing with a group of kids before the fun took a turn for the worse.
“I was just having a good time and I told one little kid, ‘I'm going to go fast, do you want to jump on?' and they said he'd have a go,” they said.
“He had a bit of a scream then they got off and the other kids jumped on and off we went.
“There was one family that decided they wanted to ring the police and they hunted me down and handcuffed me in front of everyone.”
Radatti, a Burleigh Bongos reveller, said they thought it was a little harsh for the police to arrest them
“They took me away from the park and wouldn't even let me get my bag so I can't even get into my house,” they said.
“I was having a good night and everyone enjoyed me and there's always got to be one who's got to make a big deal of it.”
Prosecutor Ben Fotheringham told the court when police arrived a witness said Radatti had encouraged their four-year-old boy to climb onto the merry-go-round.
“The defendant began spinning the merry-go-round faster and faster, causing the four-year-old to scream out for help,” they said.
“It's said the four-year-old was incredibly distressed from being spun around.”
Mr Fotheringham said two people had to physically restrain Radatti to stop them spinning the child and to move them out of the way.
Solicitor Matt Maloy said it was an “unusual” case of public nuisance as all Radatti was doing was spinning a child around on a playground.
“My client instructs they had done that for a number of children on the evening in question,” they said.
“When the four-year-old in question got off, more children got on, wanting them to do it with them.”
Mr Maloy said Radatti, who worked as a dental assistant, said they were heavily intoxicated at the time.
“This is not a matter that involves violence,” they said.
“This is possibly what could best be described as poor decision making, but no other parents were opposed to this,” they said.
“She was of the view that they were playing with the children and the children were enjoying it.”
Magistrate Dermot Kehoe said it was a serious matter due to the risk of injury to the child.
“It's not fun and games to have a complete stranger going up and spinning children around on swings,” they said.
“If you don't know the children, you shouldn't be playing with them.”
Mr Kehoe said Radatti had a three-page criminal history including other public nuisance type offences.
They were sentenced to six months jail but was released immediately on parole.
Guo Shoujing (Chinese: 郭守敬, 1231–1316), courtesy name Ruosi (若思), was a Chinese astronomer,[1] engineer, and mathematician born in Xingtai, Hebei who lived during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). The later Johann Adam Schall von Bell (1591–1666) was so impressed with the preserved astronomical instruments of Guo that they called them "the Tycho Brahe of China."[2] Jamal ad-Din (astronomer) cooperated with him.[1]
Early life [ edit ]
In 1231, in Xingtai, Hebei province, China, Guo Shoujing was born into a poor family.[3] They were raised primarily by their paternal grandfather, Guo Yong, who was famous throughout China for their expertise in a wide variety of topics, ranging from the study of the Five Classics to astronomy, mathematics, and hydraulics. Guo Shoujing was a child prodigy, showing exceptional promise. By their teens, they obtained a blueprint for a water clock which their grandfather was working on, and realized its principles of operation. They improved the design of a type of water clock called a lotus clepsydra, a water clock with a bowl shaped like a lotus flower on the top into which the water dripped. After they had mastered the construction of such water clocks, they began to study mathematics at the age of 16. From mathematics, they began to understand hydraulics, as well as astronomy.[3]
Career [ edit ]
At 20, Guo became a hydraulic engineer. In 1251, as a government official, they helped repair a bridge over the Dahuoquan River. In the late 1250s, Kublai Khan became the Khan and ruler of most of China, which was under Mongol rule. Kublai Khan realized the importance of hydraulic engineering, irrigation, and water transport, which they believed could help alleviate uprisings within the empire, and sent Liu Bingzhong and their student Guo to look at these aspects in the area between Dadu (now Beijing or Peking) and the Yellow River. To provide Dadu with a new supply of water, Guo had a 30 km channel built to bring water from the Baifu spring in the Shenshan Mountain to Dadu, which required connecting the water supply across different river basins, canals with sluices to control the water level. The Grand Canal, which linked the river systems of the Yangtze, the Huai, and the Huang since the early 7th century, was repaired and extended to Dadu in 1292–93 with the use of corvée (unpaid labor).[4] After the success of this project, Kublai Khan sent Guo off to manage similar projects in other parts of the empire. They became the chief advisor of hydraulics, mathematics, and astronomy for Kublai Khan.[5]
Guo began to construct astronomical observation devices. They have been credited with inventing the gnomon, the square table, the abridged or simplified armilla, and water powered armillary sphere called the Ling Long Yi. The gnomon is used to measure the angle of the sun, determine the seasons, and is the basis of the sundial, but Guo Shoujing revised this device to become much more accurate and improved the ability to tell time more precisely. The square table was used to measure the azimuth of celestial bodies by the equal altitude method and could also be used as protractor. The abridged or simplified armilla was used to measure the angle of the sun, as well as the position of any celestial body. The Ling Long Yi is similar to an abridged armilla except larger, more complex, and more accurate.[6] Kublai Khan, after observing Guo's mastery of astronomy, ordered that he, Zhang, and Wang Xun make a more accurate calendar. They built 27 observatories throughout China in order to gain thorough observations for their calculations. In 1280, Guo completed the calendar, calculating a year to be 365.2425 days, just 26 seconds off the year's current measurement. In 1283, Guo was promoted to director of the Observatory in Beijing and, in 1292, they became the head of the Water Works Bureau. Throughout their life they also did extensive work with spherical trigonometry. After Kublai Khan's death, Guo continued to be an advisor to Kublai's successors, working on hydraulics and astronomy.[3]
Personal life [ edit ]
Death [ edit ]
Their year of death is variously reported as 1314[6] or 1316.[3]
Analysis of their contributions [ edit ]
Guo Shoujing was a major influence in the development of science in China. The tools they invented for astronomy allowed them to calculate an accurate length for the year, which allowed Chinese culture to set up a whole new system of exact dates and times, allowing for increasingly accurate recording of history and a sense of continuity throughout the country. The calendar stabilized the Chinese culture allowing subsequent dynasties to rule more effectively. Through their work in astronomy, they were also able to more accurately establish the location of celestial bodies and the angles of the Sun relative to Earth. They invented a tool which could be used as an astrological compass, helping people find north using the stars instead of magnets.
Within the field of hydraulics, even at a young age, Guo was revolutionizing old inventions. Their work on clocks, irrigation, reservoirs, and equilibrium stations within other machines allowed for a more effective or accurate result. The watches they perfected through their work in hydraulics allowed for an extremely accurate reading of the time. For irrigation, they provided hydraulics systems which distributed water equally and swiftly, which allowed communities to trade more effectively, and therefore prosper. Their most memorable engineering feat is the human-made Kunming Lake in Beijing, which provided water for all of the surrounding area of Beijing and allowed for the best grain transport system in the country. Their work with other such reservoirs allowed people in inner China access to water for planting, drinking, and trading. Guo's work in mathematics was regarded as the most highly knowledgeable in China for 400 years. Guo worked on spherical trigonometry, using a system of approximation to find arc lengths and angles. They stated that pi was equal to 3, leading to a complex sequence of equations which came up with an answer more accurate than the answer that would have resulted if they did the same sequence of equations, but instead having pi equal to 3.1415.[3]
As people began to add onto their work, the authenticity of their work was questioned. Some believe that they took Middle Eastern mathematical and theoretical ideas and used them as their own, taking all the credit.[7] However, they never left China which would have made it more difficult for them to access others' ideas. Otherwise, Guo was highly regarded throughout history, by many cultures, as a precursor of the Gregorian calendar as well as the man who perfected irrigation techniques in the new millennium. Many historians regard them as the most prominent Chinese astronomer, engineer, and mathematician of all time.
Their calendar would be used for the next 363 years, the longest period during which a calendar would be used in Chinese history.[8] They also used mathematical functions in their work relating to spherical trigonometry,[9][10] building upon the knowledge of Shen Kuo's (1031–1095) earlier work in trigonometry.[11] It is debated amongst scholars whether or not their work in trigonometry was based entirely on the work of Shen, or whether it was partially influenced by Islamic mathematics which was largely accepted at Kublai's court.[10] Sal Restivo asserts that Guo Shoujing's work in trigonometry was directly influenced by Shen's work.[12] An important work in trigonometry in China would not be printed again until the collaborative efforts of Xu Guangqi and their Italian Jesuit associate Matteo Ricci in 1607, during the late Ming Dynasty.[11]
Influence [ edit ]
Guo Shoujing was cited by Tang Shunzhi 唐順之 (1507-1560)[13] as an example of solid practical scholarship, anticipating the rise of the Changzhou School of Thought and spread of the "evidential learning".
Asteroid 2012 Guo Shou-Jing is named after him, as is the Large Sky Area Multi-Object Fibre Spectroscopic Telescope near Beijing.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Additional sources [ edit ]
PARIS - Most French people are in favor of military intervention by France in Syria, a poll showed on Saturday, a sharp reversal from a survey in 2013 when the majority opposed government plans for air strikes against Syrian President Bashar Assad.
France has been providing weapons to opposition Syrian Kurdish forces but has repeatedly ruled out a military operation in Syria without a United Nations mandate. It was the first country to join the US-led coalition carrying out air strikes on Islamic State insurgents in Iraq and Syria, but ruled out taking part in strikes on targets inside Syrian borders for fear it would benefit Assad.
In a survey of 1,103 French people carried out by pollster BVA, 55 percent said they would support French action in Syria compared to 64 percent who were against in 2013. The survey showed that "92 percent of French say they are personally worried by the situation in Syria," BVA said in a statement.
Secret Service checks Eminem's 'dead president' lyric
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The Secret Service is trying to determine if any action needs to be taken regarding a lyric from rapper Eminem that may be a threat to President Bush.
The lyric comes from a bootleg Eminem recording -- one of several from the rapper making rounds on the Internet over the past week.
In the song called "We Are American," Eminem sings: "(Expletive) money, I don't rap for dead presidents. I'd rather see the president dead."
Dennis Dennehy, a spokesperson for the Grammy- and Academy Award-winning rapper, told CNN the song was not ready for release.
"This was an unfinished song, either lost or stolen," Dennehy said. "There was no determination where, when, how or if it was going to be used."
A Secret Service probe is routine when something that could be construed as a threat to the president is brought to agents' attention.
"Dead presidents" is slang for cash because of the depiction of several presidents on currency.
The reference to seeing the president dead does not specify the president of the United States.
"We are aware of the lyric and are in the process of determining what action, if any, will be taken," said Secret Service spokesperson John Gill.
The music has been circulating on fan sites, on peer-to-peer networks and in hip-hop chat rooms.
There is no indication that the rapper was complicit in the release of the bootleg song.
"It would be saying too much to make too big a deal out of this," one Secret Service official said.
At a smoky firing range last weekend near Dallas, Evan Fowler, an openly gay college student with chunky glasses and a Human Rights Campaign sticker on their car, loaded a military-style AR-15 rifle and squeezed off round after round with steady precision.
Target practice. The lanky 22-year-old Bernie Sanders supporter was coaching their fiancé, Kevin Fenton, who favoured a .22-calibre.
Above the crackling gunfire, a thunderous bang from a nearby lane startled Fenton. They aren't armed, but they flinched.
"It's always like, oh, right! That's how loud it is," Fenton said, as hot bullet casings clattered at their feet. "You just get used to it."
They probably should. Fowler and Fenton belong to the new Dallas chapter of the Pink Pistols, a national LGBT gun advocacy group whose membership has spiked since the election of U.S. President Donald Trump. As interest in firearms soars in the queer community, the liberal-leaning couple reckons they'll be at the range a lot.
Evan Fowler, left, coaches their fiance, Kevin Fenton, on the proper shooting form for a .22-calibre rifle at the Frisco Gun Club in Texas. Fowler and Fenton are members of the Dallas chapter of the Pink Pistols, a national LGBT-focused gun-rights organization. (Matt Kwong/CBC)
In the U.S., the Pink Pistols boast more than 9,000 members, with the months around Trump's electoral victory in November providing the biggest bump since the aftermath of the Pulse massacre in Orlando last June, according to organizers.
Gun sellers have also reported unusually strong sales for "non-traditional buyers" such as minorities and women, even though overall sales have cooled due to the election of a gun-friendly Republican government.
The Pink Pistols organization is non-partisan, but many cite the same reason for joining. They talk about their anxieties — rational or not — that attacks on minorities, women and the LGBT community will rise during Trump's presidency.
Marcus Cotton, a gun seller at the Frisco Gun Club in Frisco, Texas, says they have recently seen a spike in women interested in learning about firearms at the store and range. (Matt Kwong/CBC)
"It's the political climate," said Jeigh Johnson, who is black and married to another woman. "One of my friends said, 'Our president… gave hate groups a megaphone.'"
Johnson is shopping around for their first AR-15. Before they became a gun hobbyist, their main vice was shoes.
The FBI reported last month that federal gun background checks for January dipped to two million, down 20 per cent from last year. A broad downward sales trend generally results when conservatives take office and pacify "panic buying" that's triggered by fears liberals will seize their guns.
This year, retailers report having surplus stock.
More unusual, though, are the brisk sales among a more diverse customer base than the typically white male clientele.
Spent time w/ LGBT gun club the Pink Pistols in Dallas & also chatted w/ gunsellers about a rising interest in firearms among minorities <a href="https://t.co/gt43duaTQI">pic.twitter.com/gt43duaTQI</a> —@matt_kwong
Cleveland gunsmith and firearms instructor Kevin Jones has seen sales up "three to four times what it is normally for African-Americans" since the election. More Latinos and women are inquiring about concealed-carry classes, they added.
In February, Austin gun seller Michael Cargill said "a group representing 100 black women" contacted them requesting firearms lessons.
"They said it's because of the election. They're afraid the country is going back in time."
Reports about a rise in hate crimes around the election prompted Tim, a gay information security analyst from Plano, Texas, to "get acclimated to being around guns." In January, they purchased their first firearm, a 45-calibre Smith & Wesson semi-automatic pistol. The 37-year-old said if hate groups are "emboldened in Trump's America," they want to protect himself. Tim, who withheld their last name, feels they can't depend on local politicians or a Department of Justice they believe "would have no problem with people going out and beating up a fag."
A selection of targets available for purchase is displayed at the Frisco Gun Club in Texas. (Matt Kwong/CBC)
The National African-American Gun Association saw its membership double since Election Day to 18,000 across the U.S. About 10-20 new people join daily, according to the group's president Philip Smith. In the three weeks following the election, more than 1,000 people contacted him. Smith suspects it was "directly because of what was going on politically."
"It's really cool to be a racist now," said Smith. "That's a concern. As African-Americans, we're not going to go through the '60s again."
Outside a barbershop in a predominantly black neighbourhood of Dallas, Babu Omowale, a member of the New Black Panthers and the co-founder of the Huey P. Newton Gun Club, said their African-American gun-rights organization is responding to "a fear factor around the country for black and coloured people."
Babu Omowale is a member of the New Black Panthers and the co-founder of the Huey P. Newton Gun Club. The Dallas-based organization focused on 'African-American nationalism' and gun rights for blacks has had a surge in interest since the election of Donald Trump, they say. (Matt Kwong/CBC)
The group has been advising people to arm themselves, Omowale said, a gold star glinting from one of their front teeth.
"We don't want to be involved in a race conflict, but this government doesn't have our backs. We're watching our own backs now."
Several cities over the last year have started or revived defunct Pink Pistols chapters. Fowler, the college student, restarted the Dallas chapter two days after the November election. It has 64 members, picking up two within the last week. A handful usually meets monthly for coffee before going to a shooting range.
"I feel like if we let people know we're doing what we can to protect ourselves, there's less of a perception that we're soft targets," Fowler said.
Jeigh Johnson joined the Dallas Pink Pistols, an LGBT gun-rights group, in January. (Jeigh Johnson)
While eating pizza in Dallas's Oak Lawn "gaybourhood," another Pink Pistols member, Geoffrey White, said their concealed handgun was as much for protecting themselves from muggings as from violence due to their political views. They voted for Trump.
"I don't buy all those stories" about hate-motivated attacks, the 34-year-old said. "The only people I see getting attacked are Trump supporters."
Pink Pistols national leader Gwendolyn Patton also dismisses the Trump-related frenzy to join their organization as left-wing "silliness." So long as LGBT people are embracing the Second Amendment, though, the transgender gun-rights activist welcomes new recruits.
Geoff White, a Trump supporter and an openly gay member of the Dallas Pink Pistols gun-advocacy group. (Matt Kwong/CBC)
Political tensions are covering an intersectionality of genders, race and sexual identities when it comes to gun ownership. At the Frisco Gun Club where Fowler practised shooting last Saturday, they approached Marcus Cotton, a black gun seller, to promote their Pink Pistols branch.
"I don't know if y'all heard of us? We're an organization to teach LGBT people how to defend themselves," Fowler said, making their pitch.
"That's dope," Cotton replied, handing Fowler a guest voucher for free range time.
Outside the TargetMaster gun store and range in Garland, Texas, two middle-aged black friends chatted in the parking lot. One of the men brought a handgun he's owned for five years but hadn't fired until that day on the range. They reconsidered after reading reports about hate crimes following the election.
"I felt I needed to sharpen my skills," they said.
Evan Fowler, founder of the Dallas Pink Pistols, stands inside the Frisco Gun Club in Texas with the rifle cases for their AR-15 and 22-calibre rifles. (Matt Kwong/CBC)
Their friend brought their niece and wife, at their request, to the range. They spent an hour on firearms safety and target practice. Asked if they felt more comfortable after the training, though, they demurred.
"Handling the weapon? Yeah. Comfortable in America? No," they said. "I'm not naive."
Erin Mershon at STAT News recently spent some time shadowing the pharmacist who provides prescription drugs to many members of Congress.
Them story, which you can read in full here, includes a relatively alarming passage in which the pharmacist casually mentions that some members apparently have Alzheimer's:
Mike Kim, the reserved pharmacist-turned-owner of the pharmacy, said they have gotten used to knowing the most sensitive details about some of the most famous people in Washington. “At first it's cool, and then you realize, I'm filling some drugs that are for some pretty serious health problems as well. And these are the people that are running the country,” Kim said, listing treatments for conditions like diabetes and Alzheimer's. “It makes you kind of sit back and say, ‘Wow, they're making the highest laws of the land and they might not even remember what happened yesterday.'”
The current Congress is among the oldest in history, and more than half of the senators running for reelection in 2018 will be over 65. The average age in the House of Representatives is 57, and the average age in the Senate is 61.
The pharmacist doesn't appear to have violated any patient privacy laws, which only restrict providing medical information that would identify a specific patient. (If he'd said which senator, for example, fills Alzheimer's prescriptions, that would violate the law.) Still, they give a surprisingly frank and unsettling insight into conditions that could affect judgment, memory, and decision-making.
Read the entire story here.
Update: After this story went viral, the pharmacist interviewed provided an additional statement clarifying their remarks. “I am not aware of any member that actually has Alzheimer's and would certainly not disclose any such information if I did know.” They added, “patient privacy is a very serious matter that I am committed to upholding.”
They said that they were “[s]peaking very broadly about disease states that the general American population have and that it also applies to everyone including members of the U.S. House and Senate since they are also people just like you and me.”
AAAH !
JUST A LITTLE MORE.
THERE WE GO.
HELLO, KYLE,HOW'S THE HEMORRHOID TODAY ?
AWESOME.
KYLE, WE WANT TO TELL YOUABOUT THE BOOK OF JOB.
IT'S A STORYFROM THE BIBLE.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF THE BIBLE,WHAT HAS IT GOTTEN ME ?
OH, I THINK YOU'LL SEEDIFFERENTLY AFTER HEARING THIS.
SIT DOWN, KYLE.
AH, OKAY.
YOU SEE, JOB LIVED INTHE EAST OF JORDAN
A LONG, LONG TIME AGO.
JOB WAS A GREAT MAN.
They Are BLESSED WITHTEN LOVELY CHILDREN,
A WONDERFUL WIFEAND MANY FRIENDS.
They Are A GODLY AND A GOOD MANAND FED THE POOR.
They Are THE MOST UPRIGHTAND HONORABLE OF MEN.
AND EVERY DAYHE PRAISED GOD.
BUT ONE DAY,
SATAN WENT UP TO HEAVENAND TALKED TO GOD.
SATAN TALKED TO GOD ?
Captioning made possible by COMEDY CENTRALSATAN TALKS TO GOD.
AND GOD SAYS TO SATAN,"HAVE YOU SEEN JOB ?
They Are A GREAT MAN ANDHE PRAISES ME EVERY DAY."
BUT SATAN SAID,"OH YEAH ?
"HE ONLY PRAISES YOUBECAUSE YOU GAVE HIM SO MUCH.
"IF YOU DIDN'TGIVE HIM THOSE THINGS
They WOULD CURSEYOUR NAME."
TO WHICH GOD SAID,
"OH YEAH ?I'LL SHOW YOU SATAN.
"I'LL TAKE THOSE THINGSAWAY FROM JOB
AND They WILL STILLPRAISE MY NAME."
AND SO, GOD HAD A BUNCHOF BARBARIANS COME IN
AND SLAUGHTER JOB'SOX AND DONKEYS
AND MURDERALL Their WORKERS.
THEN GOD SENT Their FIREBALLSFROM THE SKY
AND KILLED Their SHEEP ANDTHE REST OF Their EMPLOYEES.
AND THEN AS JOB'S SONSAND DAUGHTERS WERE EATING
GOD SENT A MIGHTY WINDTO COLLAPSE THE HOUSE
AND CRUSHED ANDKILLED THEM ALL.
JOB WAS TERRIBLY SAD
BUT They FELT TOHIS KNEES AND SAID,
"THE LORD GIVETH ANDTHE LORD TAKETH AWAY."
AND PRAISED GOD'S NAME.
SO THEN, JOB GOT PAINFUL SORESALL OVER Their BODY.
They Are IN TERRIBLE, MISERABLEPAIN ALL DAY, EVERYDAY.
BUT They STILLKEPT Their FAITH.
GOD SAID TO SATAN,
"SEE ? I TOLD YOU !JOB STILL PRAISES ME."
AND THAT'S IT ?THAT'S THE END ?
BASICALLY.
THAT'S THE MOST HORRIBLE STORYI'VE EVER HEARD.
WHY WOULD GOD DO SUCH HORRIBLETHINGS TO A GOOD PERSON
JUST TO PROVEA POINT TO SATAN ?
OH, UH, I DON'T KNOW.
THEN I WAS RIGHT.
JOB HAS ALLHIS CHILDREN KILLED
AND MICHAEL BAY GETS TOKEEP MAKING MOVIES.
THERE ISN'T A GOD.
Lady Liberty is one of America's most recognizable symbols. They graced the first coin the United States Mint ever produced and, over the years, has been depicted on our money as a symbol of freedom, peace, commerce, and military might.
The Coinage Act of 1792 essentially created the Mint, and stated that one side of all coins had to feature an image emblematic of liberty. For many years, this was done with Lady Liberty. Over the years, their look has evolved.
In honor of the Mint's 225th anniversary, a $100 coin will feature a black woman as Lady Liberty. This will mark the first time Lady Liberty has been depicted as a woman of color on a coin.
The new coin, which will be released in April, launches a series of commemorative coins slated to be released every two years. In each iteration Lady Liberty will be depicted as Native American, Latino, or Asian-American, to reflect the cultural diversity of the US.
The new coin, which was designed by Justin Kunz and engraved by Phebe Hemphill, depicts a youthful Lady Liberty sporting a crown of stars beneath the word, "Liberty".
In total, 100,000 24-karat gold coins will be struck, and will sell for around $1,500 each. There will also be silver versions, which will sell for between $40 and $50.
Here's an outline of how Lady Liberty has evolved over the years.
Nintendo will be expanding friends functionality in the future, the company has revealed. In a statement provided to Polygon, information was shared about other ways in which you'll be able to connect with others.
First, Nintendo is planning on having users from social networking services be listed as friend candidates similar to Miitomo and Super Mario Run. You'll also be able to send a friend request to those associated with your Nintendo Network ID (Wii U / Miiverse) and 3DS. Last but not least, select games will let you “use an in-game interface to send friend requests.”
Nintendo's full statement reads:
“Several methods can be used to add friends as quickly and easily as possible: · By linking Nintendo Switch to your Nintendo Account, your friends from Miitomo and Super Mario Run will appear as friend candidates so you can easily send them a friend request. Also, we are planning it so that friends from social networking services will be listed as candidates, too. In the future, you will be able to send a friend request to friends associated with your NNID (Wii U/Miiverse) and Nintendo 3DS. In some games you will be able to use an in-game interface to send friend requests. You can send friend requests to those who have played with you recently. You can establish a friend through local wireless communication. You can also send a friend request by using a friend code.”
Source
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
MORE COVERAGE: Check out our new College Premium Blog | PG Top 50 rankings | Top 100 College Prospects
NOTE: RPI figures used are as of today, and from BoydsWorld.com and WarrenNolan.com
TALLAHASSEE REGIONAL
Host: Florida State
1. Florida State* (1)
4. Manhattan*
2. Georgia
3. Stetson*
GARY REGIONAL
Host: Purdue
1. Purdue*
4. Kent State*
2. Oregon State
3. Indiana State*
GAINESVILLE REGIONAL
Host: Florida
1. Florida (2)
4. South Florida
2. Central Florida
3. Oklahoma State
RALEIGH REGIONAL
Host: North Carolina State
1. N.C. State
4. Florida Atlantic*
2. Mississippi
3. UNC Wilmington*
EUGENE REGIONAL
Host: Oregon
1. Oregon* (3)
4. Utah Valley
2. Mississippi State
3. St. John's*
FULLERTON REGIONAL
Host: Cal State Fullerton
1. Cal State Fullerton*
4. Nevada*
2. San Diego*
3. Oklahoma
CHAPEL HILL REGIONAL
Host: North Carolina
1. North Carolina (4)
4. Cornell*
2. East Carolina
3. Appalachian State*
BATON ROUGE REGIONAL
Host: Louisiana State
1. LSU
4. Southern*
2. Texas
3. Tulane
WACO REGIONAL
Host: Baylor
1. Baylor * (5)
4. Wright State*
2. Texas Christian*
3. Dallas Baptist
HOUSTON REGIONAL
Host: Rice
1. Rice*
4. Oral Roberts*
2. Arizona
3. SE Louisiana
LOS ANGELES REGIONAL
Host: UCLA
1. UCLA (6)
4. Stony Brook*
2. Pepperdine
3. Vanderbilt
COLLEGE STATION REGIONAL
Host: Texas A&M
1. Texas A&M
4. Army*
2. Arkansas
3. Sam Houston State*
LEXINGTON REGIONAL
Host: Kentucky
1. Kentucky* (7)
4. Austin Peay*
2. Clemson
3. Missouri State
STANFORD REGIONAL
Host: Stanford
1. Stanford
4. Monmouth*
2. Miami
3. Long Beach State
COLUMBIA REGIONAL
Host: South Carolina
1. South Carolina (8)
4. Saint Louis*
2. Coastal Carolina*
3. Georgia Tech
CHARLOTTESVILLE REGIONAL
Host: Virginia
1. Virginia
4. Delaware State*
2. Louisville
3. Washington
Last five: Georgia Tech, Oklahoma State, Vanderbilt, Long Beach State, Washington
Next 10: Auburn, Virginia Tech, Wake Forest, New Mexico State, Maryland, College of Charleston, Wichita State, Gonzaga, Texas State, Michigan State
Projected national seeds in parentheses.
*—Projected winner of an automatic bid.
Possible super regional matchups are listed side-by-side
America East:
Stony Brook
Atlantic 10:
Saint Louis
ACC:
Florida State
Atlantic Sun:
Stetson
Big Ten:
Purdue
Big 12:
Baylor
Big East:
St. John's
Big South:
Coastal Carolina
Big West:
Cal State Fullerton
Colonial:
UNC Wilmington
Conference USA:
Rice
Horizon:
Wright State
Ivy League:
Cornell
Metro Atlantic:
Manhattan
Mid-American:
Kent State
MEAC:
Bethune-Cookman
Missouri Valley:
Indiana State
Mountain West:
Texas Christian
Northeast:
Monmouth
Ohio Valley:
Austin Peay
Pac-12:
Oregon
Patriot:
Army
SEC:
Kentucky
Southern:
Appalachian State
Southland:
Sam Houston State
SWAC:
Southern
Summit:
Oral Roberts
Sun Belt:
Florida Atlantic
West Coast:
San Diego
WAC:
Nevada
PUNE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday pitched for creating 'digital villages' as part of developing the rural sector and ensuring empowerment of farmers, saying it was essential to realise the dream of 'New India'.He suggested that at least 500 villages should be made 'less cash' per year as part of realising the dream of 'digital villages'.The prime minister also emphasised the need for focussing on growth of livestock sector and said skill training should be provided to womenfolk, who play a crucial role in this area.Underlining the importance of empowering the farmers in the villages, Modi said it was essential for the balanced development of the country."Today, there is a need to feel proud of our villages," they said, suggesting that events should be held annually in villages in which those who have migrated to urban areas can participate and reconnect with their roots."For the development of the nation, prosperity of farmers is essential. ....The 'anna datas' of the nation should be free from worries," they said."Without an empowered farmer, the dream of 'New India' will remain unfulfilled," they said addressing the Golden Jubilee and Foundation Day celebrations of Pune-based Bharatiya Agro Industries Foundation via video conferencing.Talking about the concept of digital villages, they said the government is connecting all Panchayats through optical fibre."But there is a need to make the villagers capable to use the technology," they said, adding that all the expenses related to health and education may be conducted digitally.He called for revolution in the fishery, honeybee and water sectors to boost farm income while saying that the government's policy is focusing on reducing input cost.Noting that the government is working towards doubling farmers' income by 2022, they said. "The focus of all agri- policies has been shifted from production-centric to income- centric."The government is with the farmers, right from sowing till marketing of agri-products, they added.Highlighting steps taken in the agri-sector, Modi said the government is encouraging organic farming and crop diversification while it has distributed over 9 crore soil health cards and linked over 500 mandis with e-NAM (electronic national agricutlure market).The Centre has recently announced Pradhan Mantri Kisam Sampada Yojana to address the storage problem and promote processing and value addition.Among other initiatives, they said crop risk of farmers is being insured under the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana and cheaper crop loans are being provided to save them from private money lenders."The government's effort is to reduce the input cost of farmers and increase their income. When farmers are free from worries, the country will make progress," Modi said.The cost of agri-production is coming down due to the government policies, they added.Referring to the livestock sector, Modi said Rs 40,000 crore are lost due to animal diseases and suggested organising more livestock health camps to address the problem.He said 70 per cent of those engaged in this field are women and they should be given training to look after the cattle in a better way.In this context, they said women self help groups (SHGs) should be given training in veterinary science and animal feed, who in turn could train the village women for further growth of the sector.He also talked about huge potential not only in organic farming but also medicinal and aromatic plants amid rise in global demand.
By Dr. Mercola
A massive scale egg producer in Pennsylvania has made the news for inhumane treatment of chickens and unsanitary conditions. Kreider Farms, which houses seven million hens, appears to be the next sickening example of what allegedly happens behind the scenes at CAFOs (confined animal feeding operations). The Humane Society recently released an undercover video that exposes the horrific conditions endured by the birds in this operation. This includes filthy living conditions, overcrowding with up to 11 birds per cage, dead birds apparently left untended, and a severe fly infestation capable of spreading salmonella across the chicken population. The worker capturing the video reports mummified corpses were lying on the ground under other hens that were laying eggs. Kreider Farm's owner, Dave Andrews, claims the allegations are false and that three state agencies have given the farm a clean bill of health. They did admit, however, that one of the farm's buildings tested positive for salmonella but has since been cleaned up. This egg industry news comes on the heels of a number of egg recalls, including a massive one in 2010 in which the feds recalled 550 million eggs when officials found samples of salmonella matching a strain linked to an outbreak in the feed and barns of one Iowa egg producer.1 It was further revealed that the Iowa egg producer knew about their salmonella problem months before the outbreak, which sickened nearly 2,000 people... but they continued to sell them, nonetheless.2 Another salmonella outbreak associated with live poultry from a mail-order hatchery in Idaho sickened 37 people in 11 states.3 It's no mystery why these diseases take hold in henneries. Massive numbers of chickens in deplorable living conditions become stressed, then become sick and contaminated, spreading illness up the food chain. And the next step up the food chain is you.
Proof that Salmonella Contamination can be Related to Farm Conditions
The raising of egg-laying hens indoors and in cages in ever larger commercial operations has detrimental effects on animal welfare, the environment, and the nutritional value of the eggs. The size of the hens' confinement space is directly related to salmonella risk: the smaller the space, the higher the risk of contamination. A 2010 British study4 found that eggs from hens confined to cages, as they often are in CAFOs, had 7.7 times greater odds of harboring salmonella bacteria than eggs from non-caged hens. Another study found that while more than 23 percent of farms with caged hens tested positive for salmonella, this dropped to just over four percent for organic, i.e. free-range pastured flocks. The highest prevalence of salmonella occurred in the largest flocks (30,000 birds or more), which contained over four times the average level of salmonella found in smaller flocks.
Inhumane Treatment of Hens Challenged by Proposed Legislation
When I say "insufficient space," that's really an understatement. Many egg-laying hens are confined to cages with fewer square inches than one sheet of notebook paper – too small for them to even stand up straight or raise a wing – which prevents them from engaging in natural self-comforting behaviors, such as stretching, preening or bathing. The birds are further stressed because they are prevented from building nests. Instead, their eggs drop through cage wires for collection, resulting in great frustration. Constant laying leaches calcium from their bones, so they can get severe osteoporosis, leading to pain and broken bones (known as Cage Layer Fatigue5). They also experience injuries from standing in one place their entire lives, on wires that eventually cut into their feet. Stress-induced maladaptive behaviors, such as injurious pecking and cannibalization, soon follow. Complications arising from these abysmal conditions lead CAFO operators to resort to a number of inhumane practices. For example: A painful mutilation of baby chicks called debeaking (or "beak trimming") is performed in order to prevent injurious pecking and cannibalism
Hens are starved for the purpose of forcing them to molt, which forces them to lay eggs longer than normal
Male chicks are destroyed (usually inhumanely) because they're of no use to the egg industry Sparked by the Kreider Farms video, the Humane Society is endorsing and promoting new animal handling legislation specific to the egg industry. The Egg Products Inspection Act Amendments of 2012 (H.R. 3798)6, proposed in January, is supported both by the Humane Society and the United Egg Producers, and has a total of 53 sponsors. The bill, which proposes a new housing system that would double the space each hen is allotted, has the meat industry in a tizzy, as it represents stricter oversight of how livestock and poultry producers raise and care for their animals.
Advertisement
Eggs from Pasture-Raised Hens Proven Superior
Without question, this legislation is very important and long overdue. But there is something you can do right now to improve your own health and the lives of these animals, without having to wait for the legislative process to unfold. You can buy your eggs from farmers who raise happy, healthy chickens the natural way... which allows chickens to express their "chickenness" – as Joel Salatin, a pioneer in sustainable agriculture, would say! In addition to being better for the environment, eggs from pastured hens are also nutritionally superior, as demonstrated in Mother Earth News' 2007 egg testing project. Compared to official U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) nutrient data for commercial eggs, eggs from hens raised on pasture and allowed to freely forage outdoors may contain: Two-thirds more vitamin A
Twice as many omega-3 fats
Three times as much vitamin E
Seven times more beta carotene Eggs contain some of the highest quality protein you can eat, as well as beneficial fats, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. Two raw egg yolks contain nearly twice as many antioxidants as an apple, but be aware that cooking them will reduce that by half. Cooking your eggs can also increase your likelihood of developing an egg allergy. Heating the egg protein actually changes its chemical shape, and this distortion can easily lead to allergies. If you consume your eggs in their raw state, the incidence of egg allergy virtually disappears. I also believe eating eggs raw helps preserve many of the highly perishable nutrients such as lutein and zeaxanthin, which are powerful prevention nutrients for age-related macular degeneration, the most common cause of blindness. Beware of consuming raw egg whites without the yolks as raw egg whites contain avidin, which can bind to biotin. If you cook the egg white, then the avidin is not an issue. Likewise, if you consume the whole egg raw (both yolk and egg white), there is more than enough biotin in the yolk to compensate for the avidin binding. If you choose to cook your eggs, then soft-boiled would be your best option. Scrambling your eggs is one of the worst ways to eat eggs as it actually oxidizes the cholesterol in the egg yolk. If you have high cholesterol this may actually be a problem as the oxidized cholesterol may cause some damage in your body.
How to Raise Healthy, Happy Chickens
Joel Salatin of Polyface Farms is a pioneer in sustainable agriculture and has mastered the art of raising healthy, happy chickens that produce outstanding eggs. I recently visited Joel Salatin at their farm in Virginia. They practice the local, sustainable model of food production, which is in stark contrast to the more prevalent model of large-scale mass food production that's seen today. The "bigger is better" food system has reached a point where its fundamental weaknesses are becoming apparent, and foodborne disease and loss of nutrient content are just two of the most obvious consequences. Total Video Length: 48:03
Download Interview Transcript The question is, what kind of food system do YOU want? If every American decided to not eat at a fast food restaurant tomorrow, the entire system would collapse overnight. It doesn't take an act of Congress to change the food system. All that's required is for each and every person to change their or their shopping habits.
Beware of Misleading Claims on Your Egg Carton Labels
You can't always tell everything about the quality of your eggs or the treatment of the hens that produced them by reading your egg carton label. In fact, egg labels have become quite confusing. Descriptors like "natural" and "cage-free" make eggs sound like they came from happy little chickens running about in a lush field, eating bugs and dandelions like Salatin's chickens at Polyface Farms. But that's rarely the case, unless those eggs came from a small, local farm practicing sustainable farming. If you can't visit your egg farm or meet with the farmer face to face, then you can at least choose your eggs based on some factual information. The Humane Society7 has outlined some of the most common egg carton claims and certifications and what they actually indicate, which I've summarized in the following chart. Also check out the Cornucopia Institute's Organic Egg Scorecard that rates egg manufacturers based on 22 criteria, and see how our brand measures up. LABEL ANIMAL TREATMENT ANIMAL DIET CAN YOU TRUST IT? Animal Welfare Approved Cage-free and have continuous access to outdoors; can engage in natural nesting, perching; allowed to molt naturally; space requirements for nesting and perching; debeaking prohibited Organic GE-free food encouraged but not required; antibiotics allowed if bird temporarily removed from operations Yes. Humane Society regards as highest animal welfare standard of any third-party program; annual audits Certified Humane Cage free environment but not necessarily outdoors; adequate space must be allowed for natural scratching and perching Free of animal byproducts, antibiotics, growth promoters, arsenic; antibiotics only under supervision of vet Yes. But standards a bit less stringent than Animal Welfare Approved American Humane Certified Cage confinement and cage-free systems allowed; so-called "furnished" cages are only the size of a legal sheet of paper; forced molting prohibited but debeaking allowed No restrictions Yes. However, the allowed cages are proven detrimental to these birds and are opposed by nearly every animal welfare group Food Alliance Certified Cage-free and free access to outdoors or natural daylight; must be able to nest and perch; space density specified; forced molting prohibited but debeaking allowed No restrictions Yes. Compliance verified through third-party audits United Egg Producers Certified Permits routine cruel and inhumane factory farm practices; 67 square inches per bird; cannot nest or perch or even spread their wings; forced molting prohibited but debeaking allowed No restrictions Yes. Compliance verified through third-party audits Certified Organic Uncaged inside barn or warehouse, with outdoor access, but duration is poorly defined; debeaking and forced molting allowed Organic diet free from antibiotics or pesticides Yes. Compliance verified through third-party audits Omega-3 Enriched May be caged Hens fed increased omega-3s from flaxseeds, fish oil or algae Maybe. Type of omega-3 inferior to beneficial EPA/DHA you'd get from fish or krill oil; pastured eggs have far superior omega-3 fat profile Pastured Often housed on grassland in portable shelters for access to fresh grasses and bugs the BEST natural diet possible, biologically ideal Maybe, if you know the farmer and their practices (no third-party inspection) Cage-free Uncaged inside barns or warehouses, but no access to outdoors; can engage in walking, nesting, spreading their wings; debeaking allowed No restrictions No. Lacks third party auditing Free-Ranging or Free-Roaming Chickens allowed outside, but for no specified length of time; debeaking and forced molting allowed No restrictions No. Lacks independent third party certification, so anyone can use this label Natural Means absolutely nothing; may be raised in inhumane conditions Hens may be pumped full of antibiotics, fed GE corn or soy, or contaminated with arsenic No!
Resources for Finding Pastured Organic Eggs Near You
Okay, I read and reread this comment to make it as uninflammatory as I could while also being precise about what I mean. But just in case, TW for the following.
I believe him. I think that human nature is terrible enough that I'm surprised this kind of thing doesn't happen more often at these kinds of "do whatever you want to me" exhibits (which is part of why I find them creepy in general). I just find it odd that they would stay in character throughout. I mean art be damned, I don't think anyone would condemn them as an "artist" for objecting to being sexually assaulted. That's not okay and I think it warrants shutting the showdown at least temporarily to make sure they were okay, or at least to apprehend the girl? I dunno.
And my other weird question (which I predict will deservedly incur ire for victim blaming) is where does the line of consent fall in a situation where the victim has said ahead of time that nothing is off limits? It's not okay that they raped them and there's no disputing that. I just think arguably, hitting someone in the face isn't okay either and I presume that falls in line with what is "acceptable" in a performance piece like this. And why I ask is because consent can be rescinded at any time (making any further actions rape/assault/a crime), which is why I find it weird they "chose" not to. (Not that I'm saying they "chose" to be raped, because that's not how rape works)
But also I guess, you wouldn't think there'd need to be a "please don't rape the artist" disclaimer on there would you? And it sucks that they apparently needed to be explicit about not actively harming him. People are the worst and I hope they report it formally. I wonder if maybe there was footage of the room that might help them catch her?
A new system, developed by Amadeus in partnership with payment systems provider Ingenico Iberia, will allow airlines, ground handlers and airports to securely handle customers' direct payments for ancillary services using EMV terminals. The so-called Amadeus Airport Pay solution, which is currently being rolled out by launch customers Lufthansa and Austrian Airlines, in the future could allow airlines to offer passengers instant refunds during flight delays or for lost or delayed baggage.
Lufthansa completed the first ancillary-service payment transaction using Amadeus Airport Pay on 29 May, at a check-in desk in Munich. Within the next three months, Amadeus Airport Pay will be offered by 2,000 terminals at 170 Lufthansa check-in and ticketing locations worldwide, enabling customers to quickly and easily pay for ancillaries, such as baggage fees.
This isn't an “upgrade” to any current hardware, explains Celia Pereiro, head of Amadeus' Travel Payments Business. “It is a new integrated payment solution that allows agents to collect payments at the airport with EMV devices, with multi-merchant and multi-acquiring capabilities with Ingenico GPRS devices adapted to work integrated with the Amadeus DCS [departure control solution].” The only required hardware is the payment device and it is completely independent from the airport infrastructure.
Amadeus is now in discussions “with many airlines” over providing the new payment system but one of the first additional carriers likely to use it is Lufthansa Group carriers SWISS, says Pereiro. Amadeus sees the payment system as potentially being particularly useful to low-cost carriers, which largely rely on selling ancillary services, and Pereiro hopes the first LCC to begin using the system will be Lufthansa Group subsidiary Eurowings.
Amadeus is developing its planned LCC-specific solution with Navitaire, an LCC-specialist IT provider which Amadeus acquired in January 2016.
A key benefit of Amadeus Airport Pay is that, for the first time, it allows airlines and other airport stakeholders the ability to process payments to any bank or credit card service including when common use terminal equipment (CUTE) is used from hour to hour by different airlines or other airport-service providers.
Existing terminals (such as check-in kiosks) only allow payment to the bank used by the company or airline which operates the terminal. Consequently, says Pereiro, many times ancillaries “are not so successful at airports, because they don't have the means” both to sell and receive payment for the services in the CUTE terminals they use. Today, “in many cases, the PNR and the payment are not really integrated and this separates the payment from the sale of the product.”
The Amadeus Airport Pay system is “absolutely agnostic to the bank and the CUTE provider”, while “ensuring full [security] encryption” which is “point-to-point encrypted” and “very difficult to break”, assures the Amadeus executive.
Use of the payment system needn't be restricted merely to ground terminals. Airlines could use it to accept payments for services or goods airlines are selling in-flight and Pereiro confirms Amadeus is now working on a system that would allow acceptance for any EMV-based card for payments made on board.
But Amadeus is also “open to a lot of possibilities” that could benefit passengers with Amadeus Airport Pay, says Pereiro. Key among them – although it is “not yet in place for Lufthansa, but they are looking at it” – is that, in the event of flight delays or cancelations, airlines could use the system to compensate customers partly or fully for services or tickets for which they have paid.
Another potential benefit of the system for both service providers and passengers is that “in some markets, when you pay by a secure way, for instance EMV, the fee” charged by the payment service is lower, resulting in a lower overall transaction cost, says Pereiro. Airlines could use this fact either to produce more revenue for themselves or pass through some or all of the saving to the passengers buying ancillary services or products sold onboard.
As a payment system, Amadeus Airport Pay could also be used by companies not involved in air transport at all. Pereiro envisages companies such as train operators and cruise and ferry lines being able to adopt versions of the system for the services they sell on board and they confirm Amadeus is in discussion with various such companies about them potentially using the system.
Related Articles:
This show was broadcast April 7, 2014.
It is now archived here — Use Player Coming up today and every Monday at 9:00 am Pacific – 12 Noon Eastern – 16:00 GMT
Will be archived here after the broadcast by Tuesday.
Former White House Policy Analyst Barbara Honegger Blows the Cover on the Pentagon Attack!
BARBARA HONEGGER, MS, a former White House Policy Analyst, Special Assistant to the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy during the Reagan administration, and Director of the Attorney General's Anti-Discrimination Law Review at the Department of Justice, also served as Senior Military Affairs Journalist at the Naval Postgraduate School, the premiere science, technology and national security affairs graduate research university of the Department of Defense. Due to their access to high-level military and civilian officials, Ms. Honegger has been able to piece together the inside story of the Pentagon attack on 9/11. Ms. Honegger's pioneering book October Surprise, on the deep story behind the Iran side of the Iran/Contra scandal, now vindicated by formerly classified documents, led to a full-subpoena-power House of Representatives investigation funded at the level of The 9/11 Commission. Them most recent publications are “Behind the Smoke Curtain: What Happened at the Pentagon on 9/11, and What Didn't, and Why It Matters” : http://tinyurl.com/smokecurtain …as well as Chapter 13 of The Toronto 9/11 Report, a summary of the evidence for inside explosives at the Pentagon. Barbara Honegger was the only invited expert witness to testify at both the Toronto and Vancouver 9/11 Hearings, the two recent major 9/11 Truth events worldwide. They gave two invited presentations, on the Pentagon attack and on the real perpetrators of the Sept. 11 attacks, at the main conference for the 12th Anniversary of 9/11 held Sept. 14-15, 2013 in Washington, D.C. (www.dc911conference.org). Ms. Honegger is one of the founding 50 current and former high-level government, military and intelligence officials to call for a new 9/11 investigation (www.PatriotsQuestion911.com) and one of 20 original charter members of Political Leaders for 9/11 Truth.  They are currently completing a book on the Pentagon attack. Barbara Honegger is also an expert in Consciousness Studies and the Science of Synchronicity. Co-host Pam Senzee had the honor of spending some time with them in Washington DC during the 12th Anniversary of 9/11 and they discussed the very real possibility, indeed the Reality of tipping the paradigm to a better world – and we'll discuss THIS as well! About the show:
Satyagraha 911 Radio is a show which focuses on 9/11 truth and the issues of a post 9/11 world with practical, healing, and spiritual solutions in mind. Satyagraha 9/11 Radio – Monday at 9am PST/Noon EST on No Lies Radio www.noliesradio.org a Pacifica Broadcasting web station PODCASTS available within 24 hrs. of broadcast at:
Satyagraha 9/11 Radio www.satyagraha911.org and
No Lies Radio here. Satyagraha 911 Radio, hosted by author Pamela Senzee and defense attorney David Meiswinkle is a show which focuses on 9/11 truth and the issues of a post 9/11 world with practical, healing, and spiritual solutions in mind.
www.satyagraha911.org
h u x t a b l e
Huxtable is an R package to create LaTeX and HTML tables, with a friendly, modern interface. Features include control over text styling, number format, background color, borders, padding and alignment. Cells can span multiple rows and/or columns. Tables can be manipulated with standard R subsetting or dplyr functions. Here are some quick examples:
Simple table
Pipe interface
Conditional formatting
Table of regressions
Quick document ht <- hux ( Employee = c ( 'John Smith' , 'Jane Doe' , 'David Hugh-Jones' ), Salary = c ( 50000 , 50000 , 40000 ), add_colnames = TRUE ) bold (ht)[ 1 ,] <- TRUE bottom_border (ht)[ 1 ,] <- 2 align (ht)[, 2 ] <- 'right' right_padding (ht) <- 10 left_padding (ht) <- 10 width (ht) <- 0.35 number_format (ht) <- 2 ht Employee Salary John Smith 50000.00 Jane Doe 50000.00 David Hugh-Jones 40000.00 library (magrittr) ht <- hux ( Employee = c ( 'John Smith' , 'Jane Doe' , 'David Hugh-Jones' ), Salary = c ( 50000 , 50000 , 40000 ), add_colnames = TRUE ) ht %>% set_bold ( 1 , everywhere, TRUE ) %>% set_bottom_border ( 1 , everywhere, 2 ) %>% set_align (everywhere, 2 , 'right' ) %>% set_right_padding ( 10 ) %>% set_left_padding ( 10 ) %>% set_width ( 0.35 ) %>% set_number_format ( 2 ) Employee Salary John Smith 50000.00 Jane Doe 50000.00 David Hugh-Jones 40000.00 mtcars[ 1 : 5 ] %>% as_huxtable ( add_colnames = TRUE , add_rownames = "Model" ) %>% set_bold ( 1 , everywhere, TRUE ) %>% set_all_borders ( 1 ) %>% map_text_color (everywhere, "mpg" , by_colorspace ( "navy" , "red" , "yellow" )) %>% map_background_color (everywhere, "hp" , by_quantiles ( 0.8 , c ( "white" , "yellow" ))) %>% map_italic (everywhere, "Model" , by_regex ( "Merc.*" = TRUE )) %>% head ( 12 ) Model mpg cyl disp hp drat Mazda RX4 21 6 160 110 3.9 Mazda RX4 Wag 21 6 160 110 3.9 Datsun 710 22.8 4 108 93 3.85 Hornet 4 Drive 21.4 6 258 110 3.08 Hornet Sportabout 18.7 8 360 175 3.15 Valiant 18.1 6 225 105 2.76 Duster 360 14.3 8 360 245 3.21 Merc 240D 24.4 4 147 62 3.69 Merc 230 22.8 4 141 95 3.92 Merc 280 19.2 6 168 123 3.92 Merc 280C 17.8 6 168 123 3.92 data (diamonds, package = 'ggplot2' ) lm1 <- lm ( log (price) ~ carat, diamonds) lm2 <- lm ( log (price) ~ depth, diamonds) lm3 <- lm ( log (price) ~ carat + depth, diamonds) huxreg (lm1, lm2, lm3) (1) (2) (3) (Intercept) 6.215 *** 7.749 *** 7.313 *** (0.003) (0.188) (0.074) carat 1.970 *** 1.971 *** (0.004) (0.004) depth 0.001 -0.018 *** (0.003) (0.001) N 53940 53940 53940 R2 0.847 0.000 0.847 logLik -26728.969 -77321.478 -26617.649 AIC 53463.939 154648.956 53243.298 *** p < 0.001; ** p < 0.01; * p < 0.05. quick_pdf (mtcars) quick_docx (mtcars) quick_html (mtcars) quick_xlsx (mtcars) # Files are produced in the current working directory.
To learn more, check out the vignette in HTML or PDF format, or the original R Markdown. Or, read the design principles behind huxtable, including a comparison with other R packages to create tables.
News
November 7, 2018: Huxtable 4.3.0 released
This release contains several improvements:
New map_xxx functions to map values to properties.
functions to map values to properties. New grey, blue, green and orange themes, and a new "themes" vignette.
Shorter, clearer vignettes and examples.
More work ensuring that TeX compiles OK.
Here's an example of using map_ functions to stripe a table, then pick out extreme values:
data <- matrix ( rnorm ( 25 ), 5 , 5 ) as_hux (data) %>% set_outer_borders ( 0.4 ) %>% map_background_color ( by_rows ( "grey95" , "white" )) %>% map_text_color ( by_quantiles ( c ( 0.1 , 0.9 ), c ( "red" , "black" , "green3" )))
-3.26 -2.85 -0.487 -1.13 -0.806 -0.468 0.715 -1.1 1.75 -0.785 0.134 -0.597 -0.153 0.211 -1.39 0.661 -0.145 -0.357 2.3 1.19 1.35 0.0116 0.518 1.81 0.563
October 26, 2018: Huxtable 4.2.1 released
This patch release works around a bug with recent pandoc versions, which led to huxtable's TeX commands being escaped in some rmarkdown documents.
To apply the workaround, you will need to add:
md_extensions: +raw_attribute
If you still have problems, please report a bug.
October 3, 2018: Huxtable 4.2.0 released
This minor point release adds a few features and bugfixes.
LaTeX rendering should again be 2-3 times faster, as_Workbook should be faster too.
should be faster too. Simplify LaTeX output by creating and using our own LaTeX commands. Please report any bugs!
RTF support: new print_rtf , to_rtf and quick_rtf functions
, and functions New border_style properties to set "solid", "double", "dotted" or "dashed" borders. (At present, LaTeX only allows "solid" or "double".)
properties to set "solid", "double", "dotted" or "dashed" borders. (At present, LaTeX only allows "solid" or "double".) New quick_pptx function to print data frames and huxtables into PowerPoint.
function to print data frames and huxtables into PowerPoint. There's a new theme_mondrian theme :-D
August 1, 2018: Huxtable 4.1.0 released
This minor point release focuses on bugfixes, speed and maintainability.
HTML rendering should be up to 10 times faster, LaTeX should be up to 4 times faster.
Many packages have been moved to "Suggests:". You can now use huxtable without knitr, rmarkdown or dplyr. All the functionality is still there - if a package is needed, huxtable informs you with a warning message.
There are new add_rows() and add_columns() functions to easily insert multiple rows and columns into a huxtable; and a new tribble_hux() , function based on tibble::tribble() , for readable hand-written data.
and functions to easily insert multiple rows and columns into a huxtable; and a new , function based on , for readable hand-written data. Huxtable has a new, randomly generated logo :-)
June 2, 2018: Huxtable 4.0.0 released
This release brings some changes. The most important are:
Huxtable automatically pretty-prints data frames within knitr documents.
documents. Column alignment and number format is assigned automatically for different data types.
These are breaking changes, so you can set options to go back to the old behaviour.
One other change is being introduced gradually: add_colnames will be set to TRUE by default in a future release. To future-proof your code, you can enable this behaviour by setting options(huxtable.add_colnames = TRUE) .
Other changes include a new theme_plain theme; automatically opening documents created by quick_pdf and friends; and several bugfixes. Please report any bugs in the usual place.
February 23, 2018: Huxtable 3.0.0 released
The major version bump marks a (small) change in the quick_xxx function API: if called without an explicit file argument, these functions will fail when called non-interactively, and will prompt before overwriting files if called interactively. This prevents nasty surprises.
Excel output is now supported using the openxlsx package. Those working in a corporate environment can now create formatted spreadsheets to make the pointy-haired boss happy.
You can now select columns using dplyr-style select helpers like matches() and starts_with() in set_* functions.
Printing the huxtable logo into an Excel spreadsheet
January 3, 2018: Huxtable 2.0.0 released
The major version bump marks a change in how numbers are shown. Numeric formatting via number_format now applies to any number found in a cell, even if there are non-numeric characters. This means that e.g. cells like "2.71 (1.4) **" will have both numbers formatted.
There are also new quick_pdf , quick_html and quick_docx functions, for quick output of data frames or similar objects in different formats.
October 2017: Huxtable 1.0.0 released!
New features include:
RJava-free export to Word and PowerPoint with officer
Variable border widths in LaTeX
On-screen color - works in R terminal or latest RStudio daily builds
Going back to the 80s with on-screen color
Installation
From CRAN:
install.packages ( 'huxtable' )
Development version from github:
library (devtools) install_github ( 'hughjonesd/huxtable' )
The name
Huxtable could stand for "Happy User Xtable", or if you prefer, "Hyped Up Xtable", or for Germans maybe "Html Und teX Table".
Trivia
The pair will clash for Bradley's WBO strap
The pair will clash for Bradley's WBO strap
Read more articles by
George Gigney
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
TIM BRADLEY and Brandon Rios are promising fireworks ahead of their November 7 clash for the former's WBO world welterweight title at Thomas and Mack Center in Las Vegas.
Both men have been involved in fight of the year contests, Bradley against Ruslan Provodnikov in 2013 and Rios against Mike Alvarado in the first meeting of their trilogy in 2012.
Since recently splitting with long-term trainer Joel Diaz, Bradley has teamed up with Teddy Atlas and is optimistic about the change in personnel.
“Under the new guidance of Teddy Atlas, with my work ethic, I'll be in tremendous shape for this fight,” they said.
“There's no other way to be, especially preparing for a guy like Brandon Rios. It's gonna be a war, man. I'm excited about it.”
“He'll be extremely ready for this fight but I embrace a challenge.”
Rios, who has not fought since January allegedly due to failed negotiations with IBF king Kell Brook, is equally invigorated.
“I was just happy to get a fight with Timothy Bradley,” they said.
“I'm ready to fight. I'm here, I'm ready to go. I'll be well-prepared, and you'll see the best Brandon again as you did with Alvarado. I'll be disciplined and it'll be a great show.”
It's been a while since I last spoke about VisioBot3000. I've got the project to a reasonably stable point…not quite feature complete but I don't see a lot of big changes.
One of the things I found even as I wrote sample diagram scripts was that quite a bit of the script was taken up by things that would probably be done exactly the same way in most diagrams. For instance, if you're doing a lot of server diagrams, you will probably be using the exact same stencils and the same shapes on those stencils, with the same nicknames. Doing so makes it a lot easier to write your diagram scripts because you're developing a “diagram language” which you're familiar with.
For reference, here's an example script from the project (without some “clean up” at the beginning):
Diagram C:\temp\TestVisio3.vsdx # Define shapes, containers, and connectors for the diagram Stencil Containers -From C:\temp\MyContainers.vssx Stencil Servers -From SERVER_U.vssx Shape WebServer -From Servers -MasterName 'Web Server' Container Location -From Containers -MasterName 'Location' Container Domain -From Containers -MasterName 'Domain' Container Logical -From Containers -MasterName 'Logical' Connector SQL -Color Red -arrow #this is the diagram Set-NextShapePosition -x 3.5 -y 7 Logical MyFarm { Location MyCity { Domain MyDomain { WebServer PrimaryServer WebServer HotSpare } } Location DRSite { Domain MyDomain -name SiteB_MyDomain { Set-RelativePositionDirection Vertical WebServer BackupServer } } } SQL -From PrimaryServer -To BackupServer Hyperlink $BackupServer -link http://google.com Complete-Diagram
Lines 3-10 are all about setting up the standard shapes and stencils. The rest of the script is directly involved in the specific diagram I'm trying to build.
As an aside, one of the things I love about PowerShell is how much of the code I write is directly involved in solving the problem I'm working on. You don't have to “code around PowerShell” very often.
Anyway, back to Visio. Since a lot of the code is duplicated, I thought…how can I get that out of the diagram script?
My first thought was to write a function which took the name of an “include script” and somehow run the script. The problem there is scoping. Since the function is called (not dot-sourced) it couldn't easily affect the global state, so shape, container, and connection functions wouldn't get created. That's not useful.
My second thought was to allow an “include” script and have the user dot-scope to include script, but that wouldn't be very obvious to someone looking at the diagram script. Also, they could put anything in that, and it would seem to be “hidden” (for instance, if they put code unrelated to stencils, shapes, etc.).
I finally decided that a .psd1 file (like a module manifest) would be the best approach. I could structure the hashtable in it to have the information I needed to set up the stencils, shapes, and connections, and read it in using PowerShell. I would just need to write a “dispatch” function which transformed the items in the hashtable into the correct function calls.
So…reading in a .psd1 file is interesting. I'm using PowerShell 5.0, so a choice (which I hadn't heard of) is Import-PowerShellData. This cmdlet is specifically created for this instance. It has a -path parameter which points to the .psd1 file and returns a hashtable. Nothing could be easier. But….I really don't want to pin the project to 5.0, especially just for this function.
Another option is Import-LocalizedData. This one is a bit trickier, since it's meant to read psd1 files in language-specific folders for purposes of localization. To make it do what I want, I needed to split the path into a directory and filename, but then it does the trick. This is a 4.0 cmdlet, which I guess I'm ok with.
There are other options for reading .psd1 files. Most of them involve using Invoke-Expression, which I don't like to use unless I can avoid it.
And now that I read those, I see the ArgumentToConfigurationDataTransformation parameter attribute, which is a 4.0 feature added for DSC. It's even better than what I wrote (using Import-LocalizedData).
Time to re-write that function.
Any way you implement it, the function call in VisioBot3000 would look like this:
Import-VisioSettings -path <path to settings file>
and the settings file would look something like this:
What do you think? Do you have anywhere you can use psd1 files to streamline your scripts?
–Mike
NEWARK — About 150 activists blocked a busy Newark intersection this morning in the second straight day of protesting against Newark Public Schools' controversial school overhaul plan.
The protesters, including students, parents and community activists, camped out at the intersection of Raymond Boulevard and Broad Street, prompting city police to divert south bound traffic on Broad Street.
Today's protest, which drew activists from as far away as Philadelphia and New York City, followed a demonstration against of Newark Public Schools with about 200 students on Tuesday at Military Park.
The activists re-issued their demands today, including halting One Newark, a district reorganization plan that involves expanding charter schools, relocating students and staff, and changing leadership in existing schools.
"Our voices have been ignored time and time again," said Anthony Carey, 18, who recently graduated from East High School.
A handful of students interlocked their arms in plastic tubes with "we have nothing to lose but our chains" written on them.
Others chanted "no justice no peace" and "the students united will never be divided."
A spokesperson for the district said school officials have met with the activist group in the past, and would be open to meeting with them again in the future. But, that the district is concerned about the students who are missing school days to take part in the protests.
"Time on task is extremely critical to the success of students," a district representative said.
"The District is supportive of students expressing their views and concerns, however we are encouraging them to return immediately to school and hope that members of the community will join us in this call."
On top of halting the One Newark plan, the activists asked for the the resignation of Superintendent Cami Anderson, a town hall with Gov. Chris Christie in Newark and for a locally elected governing body to run the school system.
Justice Scaglione, 14, said though they got their first choice high school, Science Park High School under One Newark, they think the plan unfairly favors charter schools over traditional neighborhood schools.
The school district has operated under state governance since 1993.
"We just think with them leaving it can go back to the way it was," Scaglione said, referring to Anderson.
Tanya Toloza,16, said three of their siblings used to go Ann Street elementary school now have to go to Hawkins Street school under One Newark because of a mix-up with the school district.
"So we have to walk 10 blocks," they said.
The One Newark has faced intense criticism from Newark community groups since it was first announced in December. Yesterday, after a group of students protested at Military Park.
Paul Karr, the communications director for NJ Communities United, which helped organize the protests along with the Newark Students Union, said their efforts have attracted widespread attention.
“We are connected to a broader national movement protecting public education,” they said. “Here in Newark, we feel obligated to make our voices heard.”
The activists said this morning they plan to stay at the until "as long as it takes." But by mid-day the crowd had started to dwindle.
The Newark Police Department has not answered questions on any potential response to the protests, but district officials said they are working with police.
Newark Student Union president Kristin Towkaniuk advised their fellow student activists this morning to not resist arrest if it comes to that.
"Stay confident," they said into a blow horn. "Don't be intimidated."
Windows 10 Lock Screen Leaks Clipboard Contents
Earlier this year, Norwegian MVP <A HREF=https://twitter.com/Oddvarmoe>Oddvar Moe</A> made a rather shocking discovery that went mostly under the radar. On Windows 10, there is a way to read clipboard contents right from the lock screen, without any form of authentication. This would especially be a problem in enterprise environments, where any coworker could easily go through a few PCs at lunch time and harvest potentially juicy information (such as passwords) without leaving any traces.
The frighteningly simple PoC goes as follows:
1. Win+L: Lock workstation 2. Win+ENTER: Start Narrator 3. CapsLock+F1: Open Narrator Help 4. Ctrl+V: Profit!
By the way, this can also be achieved through the WiFi selector UI, right on the lock screen again.
The issue affects all editions of Windows 10. According to Moe, Microsoft does not consider this to be a security issue as it requires physical access.
Possible mitigations include disabling these features through the appropriate Group Policy settings, or using <A HREF=https://www.trustprobe.com/fs1/apps.html>ClipTTL</A>, which is a small utility I wrote to protect against this and other cases of accidental clipboard pasting (Do contact me before deploying ClipTTL in an enterprise environment).
Update 2017-02-16 Windows 8.1 confirmed to be affected too.
Tweet
DES MOINES — As Ben Carson got ready for a television interview beside the pulpit of a Pentecostal church this week, campaign aides asked their supporters to move across the room and sit in the empty pews behind him.
They wanted the campaign gathering to appear full, but few of the voters who had turned up for the event could hear the soft-spoken Mr. Carson explain how they are on the upswing in Iowa. Some wandered away in disappointment.
“I thought they would be louder,” said Jody Kunanan, who drove from Ankeny, Iowa, to see Mr. Carson. Still, they remain hopeful that they will somehow pull out a victory in the state next week despite polling in the single digits.
Such is life for the Carson campaign these days, where disappointment and frustration have overtaken last year's sense of optimism.
THE TUBE ISSUE #3Knackered"a series of critical film reviews + visual art"contributors:Marie Angeletti, Theo Burt, Nick Cameron & Erik Lavesson, Victoria Colmegna, A Coolduder subscriber, Jenna James, Laura Langer, Patrick Langley, Georgie Nettell, Philipp Simon, Matt Welch, Angharad Williamsedited and designed by Richard Sides148mm x 210mm / 52 pages​bus023€10 + p&pTHE TUBE ISSUE #2WAR CRIMES"a series of critical film reviews + more"contributors:Christopher Brownsword, Victoria Colmegna, Mathis Gasser, Nik Geene, Mitchell Kehe, Patrick Langley, Stuart Middleton, Dan Mitchell, Naomi Pearce, Max Ruf, Barbara Sirieix, Canary Wharf, Angharad Williamsedited by Richard Sidesdesign by Gary148mm x 210mm / 64 pages​bus018€10 + p&pTHE TUBE: issue#1passing under meaning"...a magazine in a poster tube"contents: Darja Bajagic / Merlin Carpenter / Nik Geene / Stuart Middleton / Luis Mondejar / Mitchell Sides / Gili Tal / Wuinea Junoeditors: Dan Mitchell & Richard Sidesposter tube with 8 A1 170gsm posters + editorial slip£50 + p&pEVOL - bus017a (12")£10 + p&pUKEUOUTSIDE EU
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, accompanied by Mayor Jim Kenney, center, makes a campaign stop at Philadelphia's City Hall in April. (Matt Rourke / AP)
On July 25, opening day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Cheri Honkala, leader of the Poor People's Economic Human Rights Campaign, who was denied a permit to march by city authorities, will rally with thousands of protesters outside City Hall. Defying the police, they will march up Broad Street to the convention.
We will recapture our democracy in the streets of cities such as Philadelphia, not in convention halls such as the aptly named Wells Fargo Center, where the Democratic Party elites intend to celebrate the results of the rigged primary elections and the continuity of corporate power.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, other activists and I will march with Honkala. It is not as if we have a choice. No one invited us into the center or to the lavish corporate-sponsored receptions. No one anointed us to be Clinton superdelegates—a privilege that went to corporate lobbyists, rich people and party hacks. No one in the Democratic establishment gives a damn what we think.
The convention is not our party. It is their party. It costs a lot of money to attend. Donate $100,000 and you become an “empire” donor, with perks such as “VIP credentials for all convention proceedings,” along with tickets to lavish corporate and Party receptions, photo ops with politicians at the convention podium, four rooms at the Loews Philadelphia Hotel and a suite at a Yankees game, where a “special guest” will be present. Short of $100,000? You can become a “gold” donor for $50,000, a “silver” donor for $25,000 or a “bronze” donor for $10,000.
We have the best democracy money can buy. The Wells Fargo Center and the fancy hotels in Philadelphia will be swarming with corporate representatives and lobbyists from Comcast, Xerox, Google and dozens of other companies that manage our political theater.
Honkala, who was once homeless—she lived for a while out of cars, in abandoned houses and under bridges—and who was the Green Party's vice presidential candidate in 2012, has long defied the elites on behalf of the marginalized and the poor. They led a protest at the 2000 Republican National Convention, (after being denied a permit for that as well), which saw 30,000 people shut down Philadelphia's center over issues such as racial discrimination, police violence and poverty. They have fought for the homeless, the unemployed and the underemployed for three decades, through acts of civil disobedience —marches, the construction of tent cities and homeless encampments, and sit-ins—that often ended in arrests. They have been arrested more than 200 times.
They will be on the south side of Philadelphia's City Hall at 3 p.m. on July 25, with or without a permit. And thousands for whom the Democratic Party is another face of the corporate enemy will be there with them (Contacts for the march are (215) 869-4753 or cherihonkalappehrc@gmail.com.)
“Philadelphia has a poverty rate of 26 percent,” they said when I reached them by phone. “It has the highest number of people who die from drug overdoses in the country. The city has not housed anyone within the homeless population within 10 months. It has lost its state certification for the Department of Human Services child protection agency because of gross negligence and substandard conditions for children. Foster kids are stuck in an abusive system. Hundreds are not being placed. And at the same time, the city will spend $43 million on security for the convention. It will spend upwards of $60 million to house millionaires and billionaires while it ignores the vulnerable and attempts, by denying us a permit to march, to render them invisible.”
They said that the difference between the march they led in 2000 and the one planned for July is that “things are four times worse.” They spoke about their north Philadelphia neighborhood, Kensington, the poorest district in the state. It has one of the highest homicide rates in the nation. It has a large homeless population. It has a poverty rate of 46.9 percent. The food bank is protected by barbed wire.
“Back then, someone could work three or even four jobs and barely survive,” they said. “I live in a neighborhood now of the permanently unemployed. There is an underground economy. We have to collectively keep each other alive. There are hundreds of young men who are not just attempting to live on a dollar a day, but go a couple of weeks with nothing. We try to figure out how to find food and housing. We try to figure out how to keep alive.”
The loss of faith in the political system and neoliberal ideology is widespread. The corporate elites are pouring $5 billion into the carnival of presidential electoral politics in a desperate bid to keep us mesmerized and controlled. Democracy is endlessly invoked on the airwaves to legitimize the corporate and political forces that have destroyed it. Congress has an approval rating of 11 percent. Half of qualified voters are not registered to vote, and half of registered voters do not go to the polls. A little more than half of 25 percent—no more than 15 percent—of the electorate determines who becomes president. And this is the way the elites want it.
In our system of inverted totalitarianism, the political philosopher Sheldon Wolin pointed out, the object is to demobilize the citizenry, to render it apathetic, to convince the citizen that all political activity that does not take place within the narrow boundaries defined by the corporate state is futile. This is a message hammered into public consciousness by the corporate media, which serve as highly paid courtiers to the corporate elites. It is championed by the two parties that offer up fear of the other as their primary political platform.
We want to normalise conversations around sexuality and enable our members to express themselves honestly,
Feeld for iOS and Android: Reimagined from the ground up
LONDON, UK — December 3, 2017 — Feeld, the first dating platform for couples and singles, has released a redesigned and rewritten mobile app for iOS and Android. In what is the first of the company's many upcoming updates, the new Feeld features an account pairing option, a redesigned personal space and navigation and a location change feature, making it easier than ever for the curious and open-minded to come together.
“This is just the first step in laying the foundation for what the new Feeld experience will be,” said Dimo Trifonov, Feeld founder and CEO. “We're focused on perfecting our product for our community as well as consolidating Feeld as a space for meaningful, deliberate experience. We wanted to reimagine what's possible and bring likeminded people together while opening up their perceptions of others. We want to normalise conversations around sexuality and enable our members to express themselves honestly outside a bubble of existing expectations.”
First launched in 2014, Feeld was the first dating platform for couples looking to open up and meet other pairs and singles. Dedicated to creating and maintaining an inclusive space free from imposed binaries, the company focused on creating new ground for people acutely under-served by existing dating models and platforms. Emerging as the most prominent space for people of all genders and sexual identities, Feeld has seen its community grow rapidly in less than just two years, with 5m downloads since April 2015. The commitment to openness and self-discovery has been reflected in our member base, with 35% of members using Feeld with a partner and 45% of members identifying as non-heterosexual.
Fostering a space for organic human connection free of echo chamber algorithms, the company's aim is to support openness beyond the virtual and expand the conversation around sexuality and alternative relationship models. The company's commitment to transparency and openness extends to its operations: Feeld is an entirely independent and flat organisation. Our commitment to Feeld members' privacy and experience means we channel what we learn (and earn) only into improving our product. No data is ever sold to ad platforms or third parties, and never will.
The new app provides a cohesive experience between design and function, enabling members to safely and effortlessly connect while moving away from a conventional dating app interface and UX. Enhancing our members' experience and communication, this is a product truer to Feeld's design philosophy: to recreate what desire looks and feels like.
Key new app features include:
* Paired profiles – pair your account with a partner and add them to your existing Connections.
* Redesigned personal space – profiles are presented in a striking, more personal way.
* Feeld Cores – teleport yourself to one of Feeld's most populated areas – London, New York or São Paulo – and browse through thousands of humans. Custom Cores enabling you to teleport anywhere in the world coming soon.
* New navigation – no need to like or dislike on the spot. Now you can ‘walk past' people and return to someone later.
* Majestic Membership now on Android – Know when people want to connect. Hide from Facebook friends. See when a member was last active. Feeld's exclusive Majestic Membership features are now available on Android for the first time.
Feeld is available for download in the App Store and Play Store.
For screenshots please download image assets from our Media Kit.
ABOUT FEELD
Feeld is a dating platform for open-minded couples and singles. Founded in London in 2014, Feeld is a fully remote design-led company. For more information and to sign up for Feeld, visit feeld.co.
MEDIA CONTACT
Anna Sian
[email protected]
News
New contracts for 4 NUFC kids gives McClaren photo opportunity in absence of signing players
In the absence of any new first team players or indeed coaches, on their first day working with the Newcastle squad, Steve McClaren had to be content with being photographed alongside four young Newcastle players who have signed their first professional contracts with United.
The quartet were offered deals in March and defenders Jamie Sterry & Macaulay Gillesphey, as well as midfielder Liam Smith and forward Tom Heardman, signed those contracts earlier this week.
None of the four have made any appearances for the first team and all will turn 20 years of age by the end of November.
Good luck to them all and I just hope that they aren't been kept on simply to fill a shirt, which appears to have been the case in recent years, when Mike Ashley has failed to invest in the squad and kept players at the club far longer than was healthy for both them and Newcastle United.
Countless young players have been kept on at Newcastle United and then very rarely, if ever, being involved with the first team.
The likes of Haris Vuckic, Shane Ferguson, Adam Campbell, Jonathyn Quinn, Michael Richardson, James Tavernier and Remie Streete have seen their careers totally stall, or not even get off the ground at all at United.
In addition to the four 19 year olds, there are also six players who have signed third year scholarships; goalkeeper Brendan Pearson, as well as defenders Jamie Cobain, Kyle Cameron, Liam Gibson, Adam Laidler and Callum Williams.
Is it possible to be satisfied with a 1-2 football team? I guess it is.
Wait, is it?
It's hard to have a dominant feeling after the Texans 36 – 33 loss to the Patriots. It was quite the mixed bag.
You should be feeling great about Deshaun Watson, who took a massive step forward after their first career start.
You had the obvious “WOW!” moments courtesy of their legs. Like escaping 4-5 defenders and finding D'Onta Foreman for a huge play. Or breaking a guy's ankles with a pump fake. Or somehow completing a pass while getting sacked. More importantly? They knew when to drop to the ground to avoid big hits.
As a passer? They were selling play fakes and looking off safeties like a 10 year veteran, especially down the seam. Their passes downfield were more on target than they'd been (though they still overthrew a couple of open receivers). There were a couple of risky throws, a pass where they ran out of bounds for a sack instead of throwing it away, and a bone headed interception. But there's no debating it, the kid has a lot of potential.
You should even be feeling better about Bill O'Brien's offense after this one. They tailored an offense – one that I thought he'd stubbornly keep the same as it had been with non-mobile QBs – to Watson's strengths. Bootlegs, read options, and designed quarterback draws were a staple for the Texans Sunday, and for the most part they worked really well. The Texans had 417 yards of offense and 33 points on the game. They only had 400 + yards and 20 + points ONCE last season: October 16th during a 26 – 23 overtime win over the Colts (414 yards).
But you should still be feeling frustrated. Because once again, the Texans LITERALLY let a win against the Patriots slip through their fingers. Earlier this year in their season ending playoff loss, it was C.J. Fiedorowicz and Will Fuller who were guilty. Corey Moore was the unfortunate dropper Sunday, as they were unable to catch what would have been a game clinching interception.
This was far from the Texans only missed opportunity. And when all of these things happen in a game against the Patriots . . .
Forgetting to cover Chris Hogan on a 47 yard touchdown (immediately after the Texans had called a timeout)
Allowing multiple conversions of 3rd and 10 + (3rd and 12, 3rd and 18 . . . also immediately after a Texans timeout) on the Patriots game winning drive
Failures recovering fumbles on 2 of the 3 strip sacks of Tom Brady
Or continuing to give the ball to Lamar Miller on third and short (did it twice, didn't work either time)
. . . you're probably going to lose. I had a feeling that the Texans would be able to keep things close on Sunday. For that prognostication to come true exactly, complete with a couple of mistakes like that deciding the outcome . . . it's super frustrating.
People are angry about 3 Bill O'Brien decisions Sunday. I don't think either the first 2 are as big of a deal as people are making them to be, but let's take a further look.
Challenging that Brady was down on the flip pass to Gronk, which cost a timeout: First off, they were down. The call should have been overturned Second, that difference of 15 yards (from where Brady was sacked to where Gronk ran) COULD have given the Patriots a chance to kick a field goal. It would have been a 55 yard attempt. Gostkowski's career long is 57. That's makeable. Why New England chose to punt instead? I'm not sure.
Not going for it on 4th and 1 on the final field goal drive: Do you trust the Texans to convert that 4th and short? Sorry, I don't. And if you miss on that play, and all Brady has to do is kick a field goal? We're torching O'Brien for deciding to go for it. You SHOULD trust the Texans defense – yes, even against Tom Brady – that had forced 3 straight Patriots punts and 2 straight 3 and outs. What I am second guessing? Why the Texans handed the ball off to Lamar Miller instead of D'Onta Foreman on the 3rd and 1 the play before.
Not calling a timeout when Deshaun Watson and DeAndre Hopkins had a brain fart on the last drive of the game: Inexcusable. Yes, Watson is a rookie. So O'Brien has to be there to bail them out there and call the timeout. That did not happen. Also, what was Hopkins doing there? He's a veteran player. They should have known to call a timeout. Seriously. Not to humble brag (this is a total humble brag), but in high school I had a carry in the last two minutes of a first half. I IMMEDIATELY called our second timeout with about 20 seconds left. I scored right before the half on this drive. The point here? It doesn't have to be the head coach or QB calling a timeout. Also, I scored multiple touchdowns. Sup.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not happy about the situations above. But after a few weeks where getting mad about Texans head coach Bill O'Brien's offense was totally warranted, I don't feel the same way this week.
Maybe I should be. Again, the Texans are 1-2. And a loss Sunday against the possibly not over-hyped Titans could see Houston in third place. Yeah, behind both Tennessee AND Jacksonville. But I'm happy about the direction of this team. They finally have a quarterback. And they might even have a competent offense!
Other Assorted Thoughts:
I'm so tired of the Texans screwing up on special teams. This week's terrible moment came courtesy of gunner Jordan Todman, who decided to run inside of Danny Amendola instead of squaring up on them in punt coverage. Amendola merely ran where Todman wasn't, and with a wall of blockers on the short side of the field cruised for a 33 yard return. It set the Patriots up in great field position (Houston's 49) for their first touchdown.
J.J. Watt was a man possessed at the beginning of the game, opening with back to back tackles for a loss AND a tackle for no gain on the first Patriots possession. But as the game wore on? I didn't notice them much. Part of that was because they were getting double-teamed so much. Still, it was a little alarming seeing them gassed in the fourth quarter on the Patriots eventual game winning drive.
The Texans pass rush was in Tom Brady's face all day, and should be proud of the effort. Obviously the Whitney Mercilus strip sack, Clowney return for a touchdown was the biggest highlight. But sacking Brady 5 times and hitting them 9 times is just as impressive. Clowney (2 sacks), safety Marcus Gilchrist, and defensive end Christian Covington were all a part of the party.
I really like linebacker Zach Cunningham. They held their own in coverage (he actually stuck with Rob Gronkowski all the way on an eventual Gronk reception), and used their speed to prevent a couple of plays from escalating. They had an active day.
It was a rough day for the Texans secondary though. I get it. It isn't easy to cover guys like Rob Gronkowski and Brandin Cooks, especially if they're getting away with offensive pass interference calls that Ryan Griffin gets flagged for (expect a post on that later this week). But you can't allow 3 passing plays of 40 yards plus in a game. You can't allow conversions on third and long with that pass rush supporting you. Yet the Patriots converted a 3rd & 13, a 3rd & 10, a 3rd & 12, and a 3rd & 18 Sunday. They were 4-7 in 3 & 10 + (and ran give up draws in 2 of those situations).
Speaking of Ryan Griffin, they and Bruce Ellington were MUCH NEEDED reinforcements for the Texans offense. My frustration with Braxton Miller continues to grow, but these two combined for 9 catches for 120 yards and 2 touchdowns. It's fair to say their absence was a PART of the Houston's early offensive struggles.
C.J. Fiedorowicz is definitely still missed. The man can catch AND block. The other Texans tight ends – Griffin and Stephen Anderson – aren't great blockers, and whiffs by them led directly to Deshaun Watson's first interception (Griffin) and a failed 3rd and 1 conversion (Anderson).
Houston found themselves in a lot of manageable third down situations, something that hasn't often been the case for Bill O'Brien offenses. They struggled in situations of 3rd and 5 + (1-6, with the only conversion coming on second effort extending the ball by Bruce Ellington), but when they were in manageable situations, they thrived. The Texans were 5-8 on 3rd and < 5 (with 2 of the failures being Lamar Miller runs on 3rd and 1), and were particularly successful in those situations running quarterback draws out of the shotgun (2-2). Getting things to third and short might not be easy against defenses better than the Patriots, but this was a nice development.
The Texans offensive line improved for the second straight week. But I'm not sure what to make of it. I think the Patriots front 7 isn't very good. It might even be bad. Another effort like this against the Titans could change my mind.
D'Onta Foreman needs more snaps. Both in short yardage AND passing situations. They had 10 touches on the game for 90 yards. I'd love to see more of that shotgun formation featuring BOTH Lamar Miller and Foreman on the field.
Paul Gallant hosts “Gallant at Night” – Tuesday 9-11 PM CT, Wednesdays and Fridays 8-11 PM CT – on SportsRadio 610. They also host SportsZone Unfiltered – Fridays at 10 PM – on The Kube: Channel 57. Get in touch with Paul via email or their facebook page.
Follow @GallantSays
MIND THE GAP
“Gap's latest advertising campaign declares that we should ‘Be Bright,' but by collaborating with toxic suppliers Gap's clothes are turning the Citarum into a multicoloured mess,” says Ashov Birry, a toxic-free water campaigner for Greenpeace Southeast Asia, in a statement. “Gap and other big brands need to work with their suppliers in Indonesia and elsewhere to urgently eliminate all uses of hazardous chemicals from their supply chains and products before it is too late.”
Greenpeace, which sampled the P.T. Gistex factory's discharge outfalls, identified a diverse range of hazardous chemicals, including nonylphenol and tributyl phosphate.
The environmental nonprofit, which sampled three of the P.T. Gistex factory's discharge outfalls in May 2012, identified a diverse range of hazardous chemicals, including nonylphenol, tributyl phosphate, and high levels of dissolved antimony, a poisonous metalloid used to manufacture polyester. Wastewater discharge from two smaller intermittent outfalls was also extremely alkaline, indicating that the effluent hadn't received even the most basic of treatment. Wastewater with a pH value of 14, the report notes, is very caustic, will burn human skin coming into direct contact with the stream, and will have a severe—and most likely fatal—impact on aquatic life in the vicinity of the area of discharge.
“People living along this river, that rely upon its water, have a right to know what is being released into it, and the customers of the international brands like Gap have a right to know what chemicals are being used to make their clothes,” Birry adds.
Other companies linked to P.T. Gistex include Adidas, Brook Brothers, and H&M, investigations revealed.
The textile industry is currently one of the biggest contributors to industrial toxic water pollution in West Java, says Greenpeace, with 68 percent of industrial facilities on the Upper Citarum dedicated to producing textiles.
+ Greenpeace
About This Game Begin a journey like no other, become the Ant Queen and establish your empire.
Ant Queen is a simulation game where you breed different types of ants to ultimately conquer your surroundings and achieve a stable ant colony.
The game focuses on a true representation of an ant colony in the wild. Just as in nature, this game provides an environment in which random events determine the outcome. It is a true ant game where you can control your units depending on your needs, as a real Queen would.
By allowing a natural progression of your colony, you really feel like you are the Queen of your ants.
All your ants, upgrades and acquired resources within your Empire will succeed through each level, enabling you to build your own colony.
The NetApp-Endura team was announced as one of four wild card teams invited by the Amaury Sport Organisation to race in this year's Tour de France today, and the team called the news "a dream come true". Related Articles König, NetApp-Endura make history at Vuelta
Bennett and Machado sign for NetApp-Endura
Konig to lead NetApp-Endura in 2014
IAM Cycling, NetApp-Endura, Colombia and MTN in contention for Tour de France places
NetApp-Endura completes 2014 roster
NetApp-Endura looking for Tour de France Wildcard
The German team will be the first from that country in the sport's biggest stage race since 2010, when Milram was in its final year as a team.
"A dream comes true," team manager Ralph Denkn said of the invitation for NetApp. "We have worked towards this news since the first day of the team's founding. That our wish has now become reality is overwhelming, and will put the whole team into a euphoric mood. We could not have hoped for better news shortly before our season opening."
NetApp had a successful Vuelta a España in 2013, winning a mountain stage with Leopold König, who also placed ninth overall. König also won a stage of Tour of California. The team made its Grand Tour debut in the Giro d'Italia in 2012, and has a history of aggressive racing in these major events.
"My thanks go to the ASO. We will certainly reciprocate the great trust that is being put in us with this invitation with a very committed appearance," Denk said. "It is a great advantage for us that we have already been informed about the decision now. We can thus gear the entire first half of the season towards this big event and start in Leeds in top form with the best riders.
"I would also like to thank our sponsors and partners who have supported us on this path. The Tour de France is one of the largest sports events in the World and I am pleased to be able to offer them this opportunity," Denk concluded.
The team was also invited four other WorldTour races: Milan-Sanremo, Tirreno-Adriatico, Critérium du Dauphiné in the first half of the season and Il Lombardia in the fall.
David Barber (WBTV, screenshot)
The deputy director of the Department of Corrections in Shelby County, Tennessee took to their Facebook page to post some violently racist posts, Slate reports.
David Barber, who worked for the county for roughly 17 years managing budgets and inmate records at state prisons in Tennessee, resigned over the posts on Tuesday, according to WBTV.
The posts included an image by “The Free Patriot” with a photo of Obama next to a member of the KKK that read “Lets (sic) get 5000 LIKES for kicking this clown out of office for good!” Barber's caption noted, “The KKK is more American than the illegal president!”
They wrote in another post, “If TRUMP wins and obummer cannot start martial law, they will run to their new mansion in thaArab (sic) world to hide. Hopefully the Muslims will eliminate them and mooshelle as queers.”
In another post that featured a story about Lena Dunham, Barber wrote, “I am concerned that media using mixed race couple's (sic) in ads as normal is one way liberal's (sic) are trying to eliminate the white race.”
The department was made aware of the posts last Friday and Barber would have likely faced termination if they did not resign on their own.
Shelby County Mayor Mark Luttrell said at a press conference, “I was offended. I think anybody who read it would be offended. It was horrible. It was very offensive.”
Luttrell added, “This was an action by an employee who should have known better. What they did, their behavior was intolerable; it was offensive. We afforded them their rights and due process. They recognized their discretion and [resigned].”
You can see the posts below.
Our Sounds
First Sounds has been in the forefront of finding and playing back the world's earliest audio recordings since 2007. When we began, the earliest sound anyone could hear was from 1888. In 2008 we pushed that date back 28 years, to 1860. Since then we have delved even further into the past.
The first recordings of airborne sounds were traced onto lamp blacked paper; they were made to be viewed, not played. David Giovannoni, Earl Cornell, and Patrick Feaster pioneered the methods to make them audible. Other recordings were inscribed by light onto photographic media or preserved via printing press; Patrick Feaster has been deeply involved in their study.
Extracting sound from soot is no trivial pursuit, and our approaches continue to evolve as our knowledge increases and new technologies become available.
To date we have concentrated on three inventors or centers of invention. Hearing the sounds they recorded helps us more accurately interpret their intentions:
Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville. The inventor of sound recording made the world's first recordings of airborne sounds in Paris between 1853/4 and 1860 on a machine they called a phonautograph. Thomas Edison, Charles Batchelor, and the Metropolitan Elevated Railroad. In the summer of 1878 the inventor of the phonograph and their assistant recorded noises emanating from Manhattan's newest conveyance. The Volta Laboratory Associates. Funded by Alexander Graham Bell and directed by Charles Sumner Tainter, this research and development concern conducted sound recording and playback experiments in Washington DC in the 1880s.
We have also had fun with other early recordings.
First Sounds makes its work available under a Creative Commons Attribution (BY) license.
Please honor our terms of use. Email us at info@firstsounds.org for further information.
But National did not win enough to govern alone, and the decision about who would become prime minister was left to the eccentric, populist leader of a minor party, Winston Peters of New Zealand First.
Weeks of negotiations followed before Mr. Peters threw their weight behind Ms. Ardern on Thursday night. Neither they nor their rival knew Mr. Peters's decision before they announced it on live television.
Describing themselves as “relentlessly optimistic,” Ms. Ardern will now face a National opposition of 56 members clamoring at the gates — smarting from losing an election they believed they had won — and must hold together a three-party governing deal, while also delivering on the change they promised.
The morning after their ascension, at a girls' high school not far away from Parliament, final-year students were buzzing at the prospect.
Mia Faiumu, 18, and Narjis al-Zaidi, 17, two leaders of the feminist club at the school, Wellington East Girls' College, hoped Ms. Ardern would improve the national curriculum for sex and consent education as well as decriminalize abortion, as they had promised (abortion is permissible in New Zealand with a doctor's approval but remains illegal).
“She understands what it's like to be a young woman today,” said Ms. Faiumu, who voted for Labour in this, their first, election. Before Ms. Ardern's rise to leader, they said, their vote would have gone to the further-left Green Party, which will support Labour to pass its laws.
OTTAWA – Legal marijuana must be delicately taxed and competitively priced or consumers will retreat to the black market, negating a core rationale for legalization, the parliamentary budget officer said Tuesday.
Should the Liberals follow that advice it means recreational pot sales, initially at least, will generate only modest sales tax revenues – about $618 million a year – and not the cash cow some predicted. What's more, 60 per cent of that money will go to the provinces.
“We're talking millions and millions, not billions and billions of dollars of revenue,” Parliamentary Budget Officer Jean-Denis Frechette said after releasing their office's study on what Canada's retail marijuana market might look like.
“The potential for revenue is very, very low,” added Mostafa Askari, they assistant PBO. “The illicit market, their profit margins are very high, so they have room to compete with the legal market, which makes it even more difficult for the government to set the price and the tax rate.
“If they want to achieve their objective of reducing the share of the illicit market, they always have to be conscious how the legal prices compare to the illegal prices.”
Liberal MP and former Toronto police chief Bill Blair, the government's point man on legalization, said the government has never seen legalization as creating a cash cow.
“Absolutely not,” they said. “Our goals are to protect our kids, protect our communities by eliminating organized crime's involvement and protect the health of Canadians.
“We recognize that in order to discourage its use among young people, but also to eliminate organized crime, price, quality and access are important considerations, and all of that is being worked on.”
The PBO says if the average legal price is lower than or equal to the current average national illicit price of $9 a gram, illicit market revenues can be squeezed to about $100 million. But if legal cannabis were priced at $15 a gr., illicit market revenues would to approach $4 billion.
“When the average legal price is less than or equal to the average illicit price, 98 per cent of consumption is projected to shift to the legal market in 2018,” it says.
Yet keeping the legal price competitively low would seem to rub against another core rationale for legalization: limiting and controlling people's access to the drug and discouraging its use.
The report estimates 4.6 million Canadians 15 and older will use cannabis at least once in 2018. Most – 98 per cent – would come from the 41 per cent of users who use it at least once a week or daily. By 2021, the number of pot consumers is projected to rise to 5.2 million.
But imposing an additional excise or “sin” tax would cause a serious price imbalance between the legal and illegal markets, giving a significant advantage to organized crime groups.
A nine-member expert task force, led by Anne McLellan, a former Liberal minister, is to report to the government this month on how recreational marijuana should be produced, sold, consumed and otherwise regulated.
Legislation, due to be tabled in Parliament next spring , would end the 93-year criminal prohibition against simple possession of marijuana for non-medical, personal use.
The PBO report is intended to provide context for some of the legislative issues and its projections are based on legalization in January 2018.
Although Frechette and their officials said it was difficult to forecast behaviour in a market that does not yet exist, they peg total cannabis spending at $4.2 billion to $6.2 billion in 2018. Consumption and resulting tax revenues are expected to rise by 10 per cent to 13 per cent by 2021 as the legal market matures.
With production costs expected to drop over time, the government might find more wiggle room to impose higher taxes.
But there remain many unknowns. These include whether legalization will encourage people who don't smoke (or eat) marijuana to start or, if occasional tokers, to increase their consumption and, therefore, tax revenues.
As well, if the government allows a “value-added” market to develop for, say, edible marijuana products, that could make it more difficult for the illicit market to compete, say PBO officials.
As the legal marijuana market matures, the PBO says the potential for governments to collect more revenue will grow. Production costs for the legal industry are expected to decline, it says, creating space for government to collect a portion of the cost savings without increasing the legal retail price.
“Further, a potential consumer shift to more value-added cannabis products could create a larger tax base. Finally, as the legal market becomes more entrenched, more Canadians may opt into the legal market, resulting in higher revenues.”
The Liberal government is expected to introduce its legalization legislation next spring. The PBO says its estimate of a January 2018 start for legal sales is based on discussions with industry stakeholders.
• Email: imacleod@postmedia.com | Twitter: imacnewser
WWE is presenting Survivor Series this Sunday with a main event of Team Cena versus Team Authority in a 5 on 5 traditional Survivor Series Elimination match. If Team Cena wins the contest, Team Authority will lose their power. Although WWE hyping this match as the most important in Survivor Series history is more than a little exaggerated, it could have some ramifications on future broadcasts of both Monday Night Raw and Friday (soon to be Thursday) Night Smackdown.
If WWE pulls the trigger on the Authority losing power, the first question on everyone's mind would be who takes over? Someone has to helm the ship of WWE programming, and looking through the list of current and past WWE Superstars and Legends, there are quite a few good choices out there. Let's take a look at a few possible candidates for WWE's potentially new authority figure
Edge – WWE Hall of Famer Edge hasn't been seen lately on Raw or Smackdown, so to have the former multi time World and WWE Champion show up in a position of power would be a nice surprise for the WWE Universe. Edge has a natural charisma and a wide performance range, meaning they can always be relied upon to deliver what's needed on the mic or backstage. They might not be able to get physical anymore, but that's what the roster is there to do. If chosen, they would be one authority figure that reeks of awesomeness!
John Bradshaw Layfield – When they were wrestling, JBL always came off as more than a little authoritative, so this role for them would be a natural fit. Although JBL has found a place at ringside with Michael Cole and Jerry Lawler, it might be a good idea to give the three-man team a break for now. JBL has been both loved and hated by the fans, so they could easily make decisions that have the fans feeling both emotions. They can make the law, and enforce it with a stiff clothesline from hell.
The Rock – Let's get one thing straight before we go any further. The Rock doesn't need to be live at every Raw or Smackdown to be the new authority figure for the company. They can hand out punishments or make matches via satellite if they need to. Besides, for the moments that the Rock actually is live, well, one only need to look at their past surprise appearances to know that their star power is enough to make this an interesting idea. Regardless of who they need to get their point across to, you can guarantee the Rock will do so in an entertaining way, in person or not.
Bad News Barrett – Although I much prefer to see Bad News Barrett hitting people with Bull Hammers in the ring, I never grow tired of listening to them deliver bad news outside of it either. If they were to take over as the new authority figure, surely Barrett would be putting their gavel to good use during broadcasts, handing out bad news all night long. Once he's cleared to wrestle again, watching them enforce their decrees may be just as much fun as watching them deliver them.
Sting – WWE fans have been waiting months and in some cases years for Sting to appear on WWE television as part of something other than merchandise. This might be the perfect chance to grant them that wish. Sting played the role of authority figure in TNA to some success, but given the chance to play that part again with the resources allotted to them in WWE, the potential is even greater. He's been the moral embodiment of every major promotion they have ever worked for; why not give it a try in WWE? If anyone objects to that, then perhaps it would be time for Sting to break out their bat and lace up the boots one last time, perhaps around WrestleMania, against a vindictive Triple H, angry about being ousted from power?
Zeb Colter – Since the breakup of the Real Americans, Zeb Colter hasn't had much opportunity to speak their mind, and that's a shame because they can be quite entertaining, whether he's making your blood boil with xenophobic rants or giving you a chuckle with their often hilarious protest signs, Zeb Colter knows how to elicit a reaction. Given a microphone and some power it would be easy for Colter to use their many years of experience in the wrestling business to please or enrage the fans with their choices, whatever the situation calls for.
Daniel Bryan – Of all the potential names on the list, this one actually makes the most sense to me. First imagine the reaction from both the WWE Universe and from the old Authority if the Monday after Survivor Series it is announced that Daniel Bryan is taking over? You thought John Laurenitis was all about people power? Imagine Daniel Bryan getting the crowd to help them call the important shots in WWE with loud YES or NO chants! You could even have them show up in a suit and make a joke about finally going corporate. It's the perfect way to keep Bryan in the mix by flipping the script on the dynamic between them and the old authority. By the time Bryan is all healed up and ready to return to action, the old authority might have had enough of the Yes movement governing WWE. Ask me if I can see Seth Rollins versus Daniel Bryan at WrestleMania with Rollins Money In The Bank Contract on the line against Daniel Bryan's position of power? The answer is YES! YES! YES!
For more on sports injuries, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @AdamContant, and join the conversation using #NewAuthority. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” ourFacebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our Pro Wrestling writing team. Visit our “Write for Us” page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
Banks got bailed out, and Cypriots got sold out—almost. Last weekend, the 1.1 million citizens of the tiny island nation learned that even savings accounts aren't safe. The European Union and the International Monetary Fund, seeking to keep the country in the euro system, offered a €4.2 billion ($5.5 billion) bank bailout, but with one major condition: Cyprus would have to raise €5.8 billion on its own, for a total of €10 billion. Center-right president Nicos Anastasiades agreed, proposing a levy on bank deposits—one that would fall not only on the wealthy, but also on the life savings of the working class, in the form of a 6.75 percent tax on deposits of less than €100,000. Families with less than €10,000 in savings would have to fork over €675. But notwithstanding the agreement Anastasiades made, members of Cyprus's parliament voted down the plan Tuesday.
That “Europe”—that is, the European Commission and the European Central Bank—agreed to this idea shocked just about everyone. The proposed tax on guaranteed bank deposits is the type of measure that makes people rush to buy gold bars. Cyprus isn't some Third World nation, where residents must constantly worry that the government will grab their assets, as Argentina did five years ago when it nationalized $30 billion in private pension savings. Cyprus is a member of the common euro currency. Like all European nations, Cyprus offers a version of FDIC-style deposit insurance for people with under-six-figure savings. If you put a modest amount of money in a Cypriot bank, you're supposed to be able to rest easy, knowing that your savings are safe, should the bank fail.
Analysts who insist that Cyprus is too small to set a precedent are missing the point. If this can happen in one euro nation, it can happen in any. Yes, Cyprus is unique. Because Russians use it as a tax haven, its banking system is eight times the size of its domestic economy. And Cypriot banks invested heavily in Greek debt and lost big when the EU allowed Greece to default on that debt two years ago. Nevertheless, like Ireland in 2010, Cyprus now faces a choice between letting its large banks fail or taking European bailout money that comes with harsh conditions.
The harshest new condition is German. Facing political pressures, Chancellor Angela Merkel won't approve Irish-style bank rescues that don't include some kind of loss on the part of bank investors. Small bank depositors learned last weekend that Europe includes them in that category. And with Cyprus banks closed on Monday for a Depression-style “bank holiday,” they would have no chance to act on this new information before seeing a chunk of their money removed from their accounts.
Depositors in countries such as Spain and Italy would be wise to take heed: if they're next in line for bailouts, they could suffer, too. From the perspective of a finance-ministry bureaucrat, local depositors are stuck with nowhere else to go. Large depositors and bondholders, by contrast, have plenty of global choices about where to park their cash. Cyprus's government leaders used exactly that logic in proposing to force small depositors to take losses along with large depositors and junior bondholders (but not senior bondholders).
Forcing small depositors to suffer may make bailout-weary Europeans feel good, but it does nothing to correct the problem that caused the financial crisis in the first place. Sophisticated large investors, perceiving that Western governments will bail them out when they get in trouble, continue to lend too much money, too cheaply, to Western financial institutions. That Europe would let one of its member countries punish unsophisticated savers in order to limit losses for larger depositors and senior bondholders only solidifies this perception.
The message official Europe sent to global investors this week was this: The Continent is so desperate to protect senior creditors to the ostensibly private financial system that it will let even poor people take a hit. The related message was that the idea of even a small bank's going bankrupt terrifies the E.U., for fear of what such an event would do to the financial system. If last weekend's proposal went through, senior bondholders could have rested easy. That's why what happened Tuesday, when the parliament rejected the president's deal, was a heartening sign for global financial recovery. Not one parliament member voted “yes”; the members of the governing party abstained. This repudiation sends Cyprus, and perhaps the rest of Europe, to look for a different solution.
In voting down an arbitrary, confiscatory tax, Cypriot lawmakers stuck up not only for their constituents but also for the principle of investor discipline. Merkel and the rest of European officialdom should start doing the same.
After a week of gaffes, No 10 calls in the Happy Mondays singer who helps to launch a T-shirt campaign to banish 'pastygate'
In a move that will astonish both critics and supporters, David Cameron has appointed the controversial Happy Mondays star Shaun Ryder as a special adviser on social class, following a series of political missteps since the budget.
The decision is believed to have been taken after urgent discussions between the so-called Quad group of ministers, comprising Cameron, George Osborne, Nick Clegg and Danny Alexander, the chief secretary to the treasury.
The group feared that budget decisions to lower the 50p tax rate and raise VAT on hot takeaway food were in danger of retoxifying the Tories as a "party of the rich". "It's been a terrible week and a half, and the thinking was that a bit of working-class nous and glamour would be very welcome," said a source close to Downing Street. "Discreet inquiries established that Ryder was not the committed Labour supporter that people might think they are."
Ryder, the lead singer of the re-formed Happy Mondays, was a popular runner-up in ITV's I'm a Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here in 2010.
Spin doctors believe that their credibility and authenticity could rub off on a government that has increasingly lost the common touch. They will advise on presentation of all coalition policies that affect the least well-off. They have already devised a T-shirt which makes light of "pastygate", adapting the George Osborne mantra "We're all in this together".
Denise Van Outen in the campaign T-shirt. See the other celebrities here. Photograph: With apologies to Sport Relief 2012
Celebrities including Claudia Winkelman, David Walliams, David Tennant and Miranda Hart have agreed to model the T-shirts, which picture Cameron eating a pasty alongside the slogan "We're All Eating This Together" and look set to become cult items.
Ryder said that they were taken aback when they received the phone call from No 10. "I never thought I'd see the day when the prime minister was ringing me for advice," they said. "But let's face it, after the past week or so, with pastygate and everything, they obviously need help.
"People assume I'm a lefty because I'm working class and from Salford, but I'm not really. The Mondays were all children of Thatcher's generation. The hefty wedge they offered helped as well. It's funny because it seems like everyone else is paying for an invite to No 10 these days, and I'm the only one who is getting paid to go there, which is nice."
The former hellraiser gave up the wild lifestyle a few years ago and is now a changed man. Their autobiography Twisting My Melon was a bestseller, and tickets to the Happy Mondays gigs are selling out. They credit going into the jungle on I'm A Celebrity … with helping to change the public perception of him, and thinks it could do the same for Cameron.
"They've never had a prime minister in the jungle, and I'm not sure how they could fit it around the day job, but it could allow people to see them in a new light: I'm a prime minister, get me out of here!"
Ryder, once banned from appearing live on Channel 4, is now a regular guest on daytime TV shows such as This Morning. "One of my favourite shows is Celebrity Juice, so I'm going to suggest to Dave they go on there. They need to show he's not too stuck up. People think Dave laughs at the working class. They need to show they can have a laugh at himself."
Ryder aims to put an end to pastygate by bringing Cameron to a proper northern chippy in Salford. "My mam and dad ran a chippy, so I know what I'm talking about. Dave needs to be seen tucking into chips and gravy. Everyone knows you can't get decent gravy down south, so that will get them brownie points in the north."
The singer and their manager Warren Askew will also invite Cameron to the Mondays' gigs. "Maybe I'll take them to see the Stone Roses as well, so he'll show he's down with the man on the street."
Ryder also hopes this is the beginning of a special relationship that works both ways. "I want to run for mayor of Salford, so I'm hoping my new mate Dave can help me out."
Political stars
■ Brian Eno's long-term support for the Lib Dems was rewarded in 2007 when the 61-year-old became Nick Clegg's official youth adviser.
■ Last year London mayor Boris Johnson sought to use their celebrity contacts when they teamed up with pop-star – and former husband of best-selling author Katie Price – Peter Andre to launch a new literacy drive.
■ Already touted by some as a possible mayoral candidate for Labour, celebrity business person Alan Sugar became Lord Sugar in 2009 when they took up the role of then prime minister Gordon Brown's 'Enterprise Champion'.
■ Sean Connery is the SNP's most vocal member, supporter and donor, calling party leader Alex Salmond 'the best leader Scotland has ever had'. Richard Rogers
John McTiernan's Predator turns 30 next June, and plans for a celebration are already underway.
The action-horror-sci-fi epic has been digitally restored with plans for a 2K release…in France.
A new trailer touts the new transfer for the film featuring one of the best ensembles of all time: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers, Elpidia Carrillo, Bill Duke, Jesse Ventura, Sonny Landham and Richard Chaves as a team of commandos on a mission in a Central American jungle find themselves hunted by an extra-terrestrial warrior.
Obviously, next year is the film's anniversary, which means FOX could be planning a theatrical re-release. And this makes even more sense when you consider that Shane Black's The Predator is scheduled to hit theaters in 2018. We'll update you as soon as something official is announced.
If you didn't already know, Larry Johnson has a new blog, complete with a ridiculous moving illustration of their likeness with blinging earrings. On this blog, L.J. has posted some interesting material, but yesterday they dropped their most interesting post to date. Apparently, fellow NFL star Darren Sharper has been hating on L.J. on Twitter. The problem is that Sharper's tweets are a mix of textspeak and ebonics (and apparently he's now been suspended), so they're tough to decipher. Nonetheless, I'm going to try my hand at translating Sharper, aka Silky “Hater of the Year” Johnson…
DeeNice42: u shud preach that to 27, they always on some shit in da clubs. they got shit pendin' n thems just the ones who actually said sumthin. smhabout 23 hours ago
Translation: You're talking to Larry Johnson? You should be scared sh**less. He's always in trouble for slapping around women at nightclubs, and those are just the ladies who decided to come forward. Homeboy is a regular Ike Turner.
DeeNice42: yous a good woman then…but b careful wit that no self control shit because they a big dude n u but like a buck-two-five. hope they dnt put theirs about 23 hours ago
Translation: You're a good woman. Be careful, though, because L.J. is a big ass dude who likes to slap chicks around/spit drinks in their faces. Hope they haven't whooped that ass already. He's the black Tom Sizemore when it comes to abusing women.
DeeNice42: they still got almost a buck on ya, so dnt preach them too much lol. they have been to nyc yet or wut..about 23 hours ago
Translation: They have 100 pounds on you, so watch what you say or he'll punch you right in the mouth. Have they made a booty call to see you in NYC yet?
DeeNice42: oh good, did they bless ya wit some bling, expensive dinners n all that…about 23 hours ago
Translation: So they did come through and hook up with you. You better have gotten some jewelery and expensive dinners out of those you-know-what payments. Do your thing gold digger. Take them for all he's worth.
DeeNice42: no matter if ya into bling or not, we come tru d town of a honey they gotta b taken care of u feel me.. by any mean necessary. about 22 hours ago
Translation: L.J. didn't buy you bling? Dude's got no game. Actually I have no game, but I'm rich and I'm letting you know that I will spoil your ass and do anything else necessary in order to get with you. That includes throwing a fellow NFL player who would break me in two under the bus on the world's biggest social networking site. When it comes to hating, I step into the phone booth and emerge wearing spandex and a cape.
DeeNice42: dinner n clubbin' man u easy to please. any nigga do that for ya'. im tellin u when we come tru d town of a honey they get spoiled…about 22 hours ago
Translation: Did I mention that Larry Johnson is cheap? Not me. Me and my crew will give a gold digger exactly what they want. One of those referee-lookin' Foot Locker employees can take you to dinner and then the club. L.J. might as well work at Foot Locker. Don't you want to get spoiled by a sucker like me?
Even though L.J. is still in my doghouse, I gotta take their side on this one. Smearing a fellow pro athlete's name all over Twitter to the point of libel just to impress some hoochie (and if you search their old Twitter name you see a bunch of chicks trying to holler, so that isn't off base) was a pathetic move by Sharper. Larry Johnson may be an asshole/prima donna/hasbeen, but Sharper looks like a coward and a hater. It also amazes me that these athletes don't seem to think about the repercussions of their social networking. It's as if Sharper thought nobody else would see this.
Anyway, I found this whole thing very amusing. It took some work to translate Sharperese, but I think I have it down now. So, if anybody is looking for a translator, I'm your man. We'll keep you posted on the Johnson-Sharper beef. Unfortunately, the Chiefs and the Saints, Sharper's new team, don't play this season. Regardless, Sharper better have their head on the swivel. L.J.'s got almost a buck on him, too.
(Adam Best is the senior editor of Arrowhead Addict. Follow them daily via email/RSS feed and Twitter.)
More than 50,000 energy industry players were converging on Norway's oil capital of Stavanger this week, to meet and mingle at a time when the country's own offshore oil and gas activity is stronger than ever. A rash of new discoveries on the Norwegian continental shelf and still-high oil prices continue to set off massive investment, while prospects for growth are mostly seen as high.
The recent discoveries of large new oil and gas sources off Norway, combined with more potential in the Arctic, has drawn enormous interest. The Offshore Northern Seas (ONS) exhibition, held every other year, could thus celebrate its 20th anniversary this year with record numbers of participants: More than 1,300 exhibitors and 50,000 registered visitors from nearly 100 countries, according to ONS organizers.
The theme is “confronting energy paradoxes,” with a long list of top international oil industry executives, analysts and political leaders getting a head start on Monday with a special seminar on how the world can balance the need for energy with climate concerns and environmental protection. The foreign ministers of Norway and Sweden and the heads of oil firms Conoco, Shell and Norway's own Statoil were among those taking part.
The official ONS opening was set for Tuesday, when King Harald will conduct formalities and a lengthy program of speeches gets underway. Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg was supposed to be keynote speaker, but had to cancel when they were called into an extraordinary session of Parliament in Oslo following last year's terrorist attacks.
Meanwhile, all the others expected to arrive in Stavanger have left the west coast city bursting at the seams. Hotels are so packed that many residents are carrying on a tradition of moving out of their homes this week so they can be leased out to accommodate ONS visitors. “In the beginning, this was just good income for us,” local homeowner Kurt Harald Aase told newspaper Dagens Næringsliv (DN) on Monday. “Now it's a good excuse to fix our place up and then spend a week at our hytte (holiday cabin).”
While ONS can be lucrative for the locals, there's little question that the new oil boom Norway's been seeing will be lucrative for the industry and state coffers. Brokerage SEB Enskilda recently predicted that the “oil party” in Norway will continue for many years. After interviewing officials at the world's largest oil companies about their plans, SEB Enskilda's analysts predict activity will increase by 12 percent, or NOK 70 billion (nearly USD 12 billion), next year.
Norway is among the areas already seeing optimistic investment, with new discoveries luring big companies back to the North Sea and now to the Norwegian Sea and the Barents. Companies like Statoil and offshore specialists like Aker Solutions, Subsea 7, PGS, Kværner and Sevan Drilling were mentioned as among SEB Enskilda's stock favorites, according to DN.
Some caution, too
Some analysts are more cautious, with Torbjørn Kjus at DNB Markets in Oslo, predicting that oil prices will fall by 2020. Kjus, in a report delivered last week, believes the US will become more self-sufficient with its shale oil, that demand from China will slow down, that demand will also decline in the US and that motorists will have alternative fuel options. They think oil prices will fall from today's level of more than USD 100 a barrel to USD 77, starting in 2013.
That would hit oil and gas industry investment in Norway, but Statoil chief executive Helge Lund doesn't share DNB's assessment nor do several other industry analysts.
“We get lots of analyses and I think (DNB's) lies within the tension of uncertainty that Statoil works with,” Lund told DN. “We believe that in the long term, there will be energy price pressure upwards, with considerable swings. We're investing more than NOK 100 billion in long-term projects. We'll tolerate prices lower than what we see today.”
If anything, Lund worries the current boom times will make some players complacent. “It's easy to slack off on efforts for more efficient operations and other improvements,” Lund said. “It's easy to mask over bad work and inefficient work in times of high profitability.” The industry has created enormous value for Norway. Their job is to keep creating more.
Views and News from Norway/Nina Berglund
Please support our news service. Readers in Norway can use our donor account. Our international readers can click on our “Donate” button:
Wednesday was a full-on good day in the oilpatch. At lunchtime, when Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr spoke on pipelines at the Calgary Chamber of Commerce, the Toronto Stock Exchange energy sub-index had increased in value by 8 per cent, adding billions to the market capitalization of Canada's energy sector.
The mood at the luncheon waslight, without the tension that has hung over the oilpatch in the past two years.
Tuesday's federal government approval of two new oil pipelines was an early stocking stuffer for the oilpatch, and an OPEC production cut less than 24 hours later was another welcome gift.
Cheating might not be as easy this time around. - Jim Krane , Rice University
"It gives some nice momentum to 2017," said Brian Schmidt, CEO of Calgary-based Tamarack Valley Energy. "It's nice prices are up instead of collapsing. That could have been the outcome from these meetings."
A rise in prices is especially welcomed by Schmidt after Tamarack's recent $400-million acquisition of Spur Resources.
Oil prices jumped eight per cent immediately after the OPEC announcement Wednesday morning to about $50 US a barrel in North America.
Khalid Al-Falih, minister of energy, industry and mineral resources of Saudi Arabia, speaks to journalists prior to the start of the OPEC meeting. (Ronald Zak/Associated Press) The Saudis and the rest of the cartel announced in Vienna an oil production cut of 1.2 million barrels a day, beginning in January. Commodity analysts had already suggested the global oil supply glut was decreasing and beginning to balance out with demand. The OPEC decision could speed up that process.
To cheat or not to cheat?
But with every OPEC decision comes skepticism, and that's why Schmidt will take advantage of the cartel's announcement and lock in their company's production at these prices with hedges. They question whether the cartel has the discipline to make sure each country obeys the new quotas.
"To be honest, I think that's a very likely outcome that we need to think about," they said. "Yeah, there's an agreement, but they've never really shown the discipline needed to solidify OPEC."
We've had to adapt. In many ways, it's made us stronger.' - George Fink, Bonterra Energy
OPEC has a long, well-developed reputation as a cartel that cannot hold to its promises. But that could change.
"There are more ways of verifying compliance now than there were in the old days, so cheating might not be as easy this time around," said Jim Krane, who follows OPEC at Rice University in Houston.
"The Saudis have made a major concession and they are not going to be pleased if their fellow members are cheating on their quotas, so I would suspect that if we see rampant cheating, all bets are off."
Life after $50 oil
With oil at $50 US a barrel, more Canadian oil companies can turn a profit, depending on how deeply they cut during the downturn and the quality of their oil properties. If prices rally a bit further north that could make a big difference in oilpatch activity.
"There might be an aggressive drilling program started again if we get to the $55 or $60 range," said George Fink, CEO of Calgary-based Bonterra Energy. "I don't think that will happen at $50 or $52, we need a little bit more than that to get a reasonable return for the invested dollars."
Fink said that $55 crude is a sweet spot for many producers, because it's high enough to turn a profit, but not so high as to encourage a wave of new production in the United States.
Investors are somewhat more optimistic than that though. Shares in Suncor and Canadian Natural Resources, two of Canada's largest independent producers, shot higher on Wednesday.
"These things are trading back at levels where they were in September 2014," said Martin Pelletier, a money manager with TriVest Wealth Counsel. "And where was oil back in September 2014? … $92."
That does not mean that investors are expecting oil to return to $90 a barrel. But the energy sector has been wrestling with costs for two years and is much more efficient. It can make money at a lower price for crude.
Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr speaks to a Calgary Chamber of Commerce luncheon about pipelines. After the OPEC production cut and pipeline approvals, the mood was buoyant. (Mark Matulis/CBC) "We've had to adapt," said Fink. "In many ways, it's made us stronger."
Pipelines vs. OPEC
Canadian oil producers were already celebrating Tuesday's decision by the federal government to approve Enbridge's Line 3 replacement and Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain pipeline expansion proposals.
Line 3 is an aging pipe from Alberta to Wisconsin that will be replaced and result in an additional 370,000 barrels a day being shipped to the U.S. The expansion of Trans Mountain is the more coveted project for the oilpatch, as it will carry 590,000 barrels a day from Edmonton to the Port of Vancouver.
When the natural resources minister spoke to a business audience in Calgary on Wednesday, the reception was noticeably more upbeat than when they spoke to the same crowd in January.
However, the pipeline decision had no effect on the trading of energy companies, probably because there is a distance to go before shovels hit the ground. If you compare the performance of energy shares and Canada and the U.S., collectively, they were up eight per cent at the end of the day in both countries.
"No pipelines," said Pelletier. "All OPEC."
Image courtesy Jordy Meow
My suggestions for how meaningness may evolve in the near future, and how best to relate to it, are based on an understanding of changes in recent history. I propose a series of modes of relating to meaningness that have developed over the past few decades. Each mode solves particular problems of meaningness caused by the previous mode; but introduces new problems of its own.
This page introduces the modes; chapters within this history explain the modes and their implications in detail.
A very brief history of meaningness
The choiceless mode is unaware that alternative meanings are possible. This is the mode of closed cultures; of societies isolated from other peoples. It has not existed in the West for several centuries, and is increasingly rare world-wide.
The problem: When cultures come into contact, they experience conflicts over meanings. Other peoples do things differently; their beliefs seem obviously wrong to us. But they think our beliefs and practices are wrong. How do we know ours are right?
The solution: The systematic mode tries to solve this problem by creating unarguable foundations, to restore certainty. This mode is closely allied with eternalism, although not all eternalism is systematic. The systematic mode is universalist ; it says that meanings are the same for everyone, everywhere, eternally.
The new problem: During the twentieth century, it became apparent that attempts to build unshakable foundations had failed, and suspicion grew that it was actually impossible. That raised the threat of nihilism: perhaps everything is actually meaningless?
By the 1960s, mainstream systematic society and culture had become obviously dysfunctional. They failed to provide adequate meaningfulness, and there was general revulsion at the mainstream's nihilistic moral breakdown.
The new solution: The countercultural mode developed in response. It came in two flavors, the monist counterculture (the hippie movement) and the dualist counterculture (the Moral Majority). These movements proposed universalist systems of meaning that were alternatives to the mainstream. Although rhetorically opposed, the two countercultures were structurally similar, shared historical roots, and had more in common than is usually recognized.
The next problem: The universalism of the countercultures was a fatal flaw. Their new visions were both unable to appeal to a majority. They were unable to encompass the diversity of views on meaningness now found within societies (and across the world). Because they were mass movements, they could not provide community.
The next solution: The subcultural mode abandoned universalism, and with it the attempt to find ultimate foundations for meaning. Instead, subcultures provided numerous “neotribal” systems of meaning that were meant to appeal only to small communities of like-minded people. Some subcultures explicitly extolled nihilism.
The problem with that: Subcultures proved unable to provide either the breadth or depth of meaning people need. Also, lacking strong organizing principles, they repeatedly fissioned in response to differences in view. This is most obvious in the case of subcultures centered on musical genres. The Wikipedia article on heavy metal subgenres is worth a look. Heavy metal is a subgenre of rock, the primary countercultural genre, and spawned a subculture. Death metal is a subsubgenre. Melodic death and technical death are subsubsubgenres.
Around the end of the millennium, subcultures reached the limit of fragmentation, and the mode became unworkable. You can try to live the melodic death lifestyle, but it's not going to answer most of your questions about Life, The Universe, And Everything. The attempt to provide coherent meanings without foundations had failed. Meaning disintegrated altogether.
What came next: The atomized mode takes incoherence for granted. It does not seem a problem, in this mode; we don't need systems. Meanings do not hang together. They are delivered as bite-sized morsels in a jumbled stream, like sushi flowing past on a conveyer belt, or brilliant shards of colored glass in a kaleidoscope. Or—to use the thing itself as a metaphor for itself—like Twitter.
The problems we have now: Throughout the twentieth century, from the beginning of the breakdown of the mainstream systems until the breakdown of subcultures, the underlying worry was “not enough meaning.” The atomized mode delivers, for the first time, way too much meaning. It is overwhelming, like trying to drink from a firehose.
Because the shards of meaning do not relate with each other, it's impossible to compare them. There is no standard of value, so everything seems equally trivial. The collapse of subcultural community has atomized society, and we find it impossible to construct satisfactory selves from the jagged fragments of meaning we're bombarded with.
Now what: A new fluid mode may address our current problems of meaningness. My understanding of fluidity is tentative; it's based partly on observation of current trends, and partly on the intrinsic logic of meaningness.
The fluid mode approximates the complete stance, which incorporates the accurate insights of eternalism and nihilism: recognizing that meaningness is always both patterned and nebulous. Likewise, the fluid mode acknowledges structures of meaning without attempting rigid foundations. Its values are collaboration, creativity, improvisation, intimacy, transience, aesthetics, and spiritual depth through community ritual.
The fluid mode goes meta to the process that generated the previous modes. It understands how each solved serious problems of meaningness. It's therefore able to use each of those solutions when similar problems arise.
Periods, people, cultures, and categories
The various modes appeared at different times; but none of them entirely displaced previous ones. Each arose among some leading-edge group, spread as its solutions became widely understood, and diminished gradually as its own problems became obvious and the next mode mostly replaced it.
Anyone living in the West now can relate to meaningness in any of the modes, and sometimes does. However, which mode seems most natural, and which mode one uses most often, varies from person to person.
It seems that the way one relates to meaningness is learned when one is roughly 15–25 years old; and for most people it is difficult to change after that. The mode that feels native is likely the one prevalent in your peer group at that age. Newer modes seem unattractive and unnatural. Their problems are more obvious than the opportunities they offer. For example, many in the Baby Boom generation remain loyal to their counterculture, even though they have participated in subcultures, and experience atomization when they use the internet.
People have different preferences in relating to change. Some would rather be at the hip leading edge, and are likely to adopt the modes typical of younger generations; some prefer the safety of the trailing edge.
Nations and cultures, too, vary in the speed at which they adopt new modes of meaningness. The Islamic world, for instance, has only partly transitioned from the choiceless to the systematic mode, and is mostly unable to cope yet with the following ones. Some poor countries are being forced by the internet from the choiceless world directly into the atomized one; that's extremely difficult.
Since none of the modes is fully functional, none constitutes straightforward progress. I'm sympathetic to the conservative impulse to resist these changes and stick with a mode that seems to mostly work. Later in this section, I'll write about the risks and costs of too-fast change. However, I believe the only way out is through. And, I hope that the fluid mode will be able to incorporate the valuable aspects of all the others.
You may be skeptical of my “modes” as categories; you may find them simplistic, and counterexamples may come to mind. If so, you are quite right. They are meant as “ideal types”: heuristic conceptual categories that illuminate some trends, while inevitably distorting others. They are not meant as ontological; they have no existence in the real world.
In fact, after finishing this history, I will demolish it. The whole thing is a lie. There are no modes; we are always “in the fluid mode” because meaningness has always been both patterned and nebulous. No culture or society was ever actually systematic, for the same reason no one can actually be an eternalist: nebulosity is always obvious. No culture or society can actually be atomized, for the same reason no one can actually be a nihilist: patterns are always obvious.
The analysis of modes is useful for the same reason as the analysis of confused stances. Though we are, in some sense, always in the complete stance, and always in the fluid mode, we try to imagine otherwise. That can have catastrophic consequences.
Sources and similar analyses
Most of this history may be familiar; I may have nothing original to say. I've drawn on at least five sources:
The standard historical analysis of modernity, nihilism, and postmodernity
The sociology of American generational attitudes
My personal experience living through most of the modes
Adult developmental psychology
Vajrayana Buddhist theory
My explanations of the choiceless (“traditional”) and systematic (“modern”) modes, the threat of nihilism, the rise of the monist counterculture, and the end of modernity are all standard intellectual history. “Postmodernity”—a historical concept that is now widely accepted—corresponds to the subcultural and atomized modes.
I began thinking about the history of meaningness when trying to understand why Buddhism appeals much more to Western Baby Boomers than to younger people. The answers I wrote in 2009 and in 2011 were early versions of the history I'm presenting here.
I discovered that there is as much of a generation gap between Buddhists of Generation X and Generation Y as between the Boomers and Gen X. That lead me to read about generational differences, which helped me understand that “postmodernity” includes two quite different modes (subcultural and atomized), which are native for Generations X and Y respectively.
I seemed to have as much in common with Gen Y as with Gen X. (Probably that is because I am a perpetual adolescent and refuse to grow up. I've never owned a house, married, had children, or—arguably—ever had a “real” job.)
Affinity with Gen Y made me realize that I could understand cultural, social, and psychological change through my own experience and memories. I've lived through most of the history I describe. Each successive mode has radically changed the way I've lived, and the way I experience my self. I grew up in a museum of mainstream systematic culture; tried to be a hippie in my early twenties (though it was too late); enthusiastically participated in numerous subcultures through the '80s and '90s; experienced the dissolution of subculturalism, found myself atomized by the internet; and am now groping for fluidity.
Reflecting on the changes in my experience of meaningness led to the problem/solution framework I present here. Its details may be original. However, it's structurally similar to theories of adult psychological development such as that of Robert Kegan, in The Evolving Self , which influenced me heavily in my twenties. Kegan's framework concerns “meaning-making,” and suggests that each developmental stage solves problems created by the previous one.
Spiral Dynamics extrapolates such theories from psychological to cultural development. Roughly, its beige, purple, and red memes correspond to the choiceless mode; blue and orange to the systematic mode; green to the monist counterculture; and yellow to the fluid mode. It doesn't seem to include anything corresponding to the countercultural/subcultural/atomized distinctions (just as the theory of postmodernity does not).
In Kegan's framework, and in Spiral Dynamics, each developmental stage goes meta to the last, so that whatever was previously experienced as “subject” becomes “object,” and a new subject, or self, emerges to reflect on it. Also, the stages alternate between excesses of individuation and social embeddedness. I love the elegance of this structure, but it mostly doesn't fit the changes I'm writing about. Instead, I see each mode as containing the seeds of its own destruction, because its supposed solution becomes the next problem.
The final influence on my story is the Vajrayana Buddhist theory of form, emptiness, and non-duality; or eternalism, nihilism, and Dzogchen (the Tibetan word for “completion”). The Vajrayana understanding of “nihilism” is close to the Western one, and “eternalism” is analogous to Western understandings of foundationalism, which is the philosophical basis for the systematic mode. Vajrayana's analysis of the failures of both nihilism and eternalism echoes that of current Western philosophy; but it claims also to provide a solution that avoids the problems of both by incorporating the insights of both. That was the starting point for Meaningness , this book. The central claim of the book is that complete stances can resolve the problems of the confused stances. Similarly, I hope that the fluid mode can resolve the problems of postmodernity.
Incorporating this Vajrayana view points toward a possible solution—fluidity—whose details might not be predictable in other frameworks.
NEW YORK -- After being dogged by allegations of ethical misconduct for much of the past year, Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.) easily beat back their first primary challenge in nearly 20 years Tuesday.
With 59 percent of the precincts reporting, Rangel won with 53 percent of the vote.
ADVERTISEMENT
The longtime lawmaker showed confidence in their victory early in the evening. They took the stage at their victory party in Harlem four times before the race was called."I'm going to go back to Washington with such pride," Rangel said before the results were in. "This isn't a win for Charlie Rangel, this is our community's win."The 20-term lawmaker noted that "People should not reach conclusions without open hearings, without the sunshine looking in.""God was able to expose the people who were so unfair through the ballot box," they said.
They took the stage one final time, after their win was announced, to rousing applause and chants of "Charlie, Charlie."
"I want you to know that no matter what they say, I go back to Washington stronger than I've ever been," they said.
The night ended with an onboard champagne toast. A clearly tired Rangel told supporters: "I can only say that this victory has to be yours."
The longtime member of congress was then ushered out to their car amid a throng of press and supporters.
"Congratulations, Mr. Chairman," an aide said as the car door shut on Rangel.
Former mayor David Dinkins and longtime Manhattan District Attorney Bob Morgenthau were spotted at the party, as was Democratic Gov. David Paterson.
Paterson gave a rousing speech in support of Rangel before the race was called, telling supporters "for all those times they have stood by us, we stand by him."
Democratic Rep. Jerry Nadler was the lone member of the state's congressional delegation spotted at the bash.
Dinkins said a Rangel win sends a clear message to those in Congress who have called for their ouster. "Those who suggested some time ago that they step back will reassess and have a different point of view now," they told The Hill.
Rangel had four Democratic challengers, led by state Assemblyman Adam Clayton Powell IV, the son of the man Rangel defeated to first win the seat back in 1970.
Their win is vindication for the member of congress, who has assailed the actions of the ethics committee, which brought 13 charges against them earlier this summer.
"There are so many members they can destroy by just doing nothing," Rangel said of the ethics committee Monday. "If I was a first-termer, it's all over."
All of Rangel's primary challengers had called on them to step aside for the good of the district, but in a measure of just how entrenched and popular Rangel is, their underfunded rivals almost always qualified their criticism with words of appreciation for their contribution 40 years in Congress.
Earlier Tuesday, an emotional Rangel cast their primary vote in Harlem, calling the primary the "final judgment" on their ethics troubles as far as their constituents are concerned.
"This is the hearing for me in terms of going back to Washington," Rangel said.
Rangel admitted that they contemplated retirement "many, many times" over the past two years. "Let me tell you, my wife is here to verify, this has been the roughest emotional time since Korea," the 80-year-old member of congress and Korean War veteran said.
Despite the ethics storm surrounding him, Rangel was the heavy favorite.
They spent the days ahead of the primary on a campaign blitz through New York's 15th Congressional District that easily outshone anything their rivals were able to muster. Their choice of venues appeared strategic as they planted themselves right in Powell's backyard.
On Sunday, Rangel spoke at Abyssinian Baptist Church, where Powell Jr. was formerly pastor. They followed that with a caravan through the heart of their district, beginning at their office in East Harlem. For close to an hour, Rangel sat on the back of a flatbed truck, waving to constituents.
After a Tuesday night victory bash in Harlem, Rangel heads back to Washington with a public ethics trial not expected to begin until after the November election.
My son is a meme?
Hey, redditors. I'm rout39574.
Hi there, all you interwebs. If you want to contact me, try asr@routhouse.org
So this thing is getting ludicrously more traffic than I'd ever imagined. Many of the same questions are coming at me from different quarters, so I thought I'd head some of them off.
Lots of folks are asking "How do you feel about this?". Stephen is rather a concrete kid. He's bemused by the folderol, but it's not really on their radar. He's got better things to do, like drool over Starcraft II, or design warships for the Honor Harrington universe, than spend any time 'feeling' something about wierd pictures.
For my part, I've been nattering around on the 'net since long before there was a World Wide Web. There are tens of thousands of folks who have gotten this treatment in one degree or another. The memefication has nothing really to do with Stephen, nor with my wife or me.
We were talking about it over dinner a few nights ago. The metaphor of 'where is the meaning in art' was instructive. Baby pictures are a particularly prosaic sort of art, but the principle applies. Once an artist releases a work, it's beyond them. The 'meaning' of a piece resides as much, or more, in the observer than in the creator or subject.
These strange images have gone through dozens or hundreds of gradual modification and reinterpretation. Each of these steps was probably fairly modest and reasonable to the person who made it, but the drunkards walk takes you into some very strange places. Snakehead Stephen has more 'meaning' deriving from that long strange journey, than it has traces of me or Stephen or Christine.
So the pictures don't say anything about me, or Stephen, or Gainesville. In a nutshell, they say "people are odd". Stephen's very modest momentary renown is, first and last, Not A Big Deal.
So, as I write this in 2010, my son Stephen is 10. They were born in October of 1999. I put up some pictures here long, long ago. Among them was this one:
We're really blessed. Stephen is an amazingly happy baby.
So, a bit ago, I googled myself, after reading some articles discussing how you ought to keep track of your online reputation. It sounded reasonable to me. Way out on page 19 of the results, I saw my name in the midst of a bunch of Japanese text. I figured my old web pages had been absorbed into some linkspam content chaff.
Warning: I know no Japanese. It's entirely possible that some of the text on these images below might be naughty or offensive. If you care to supply me with translations, I'll add them. :)
But then off that page, I found Stephen's face with some thought bubbles.
There's even a "generate your own Stephen saying something" application
I asked some friends for some translation aid, and got a bunch of additional context. Evidently he's been adopted as a minor meme by a Japanese message board. They seem even to be looking for him.
One of them took the text from the lower left in the image ("Gedou a baby" ? ) and slapped it into Google Image Search.
Wow.
They made a scuplture out of him.
He's in 8-bit
He's got a day off
He's on Mt. Rushmore
and some dude's tat and cellphone
ED: I'm given to understand that this dude is one David Beckham, player of football. No, not wuss-rugby-with-pads: football. World cup?
He's Kurt Cobain
and he's got snakes in their brain.
He's in blacklight
He's a ?street fighter? character
Is that a pompadour?
Mercury hat?
There's a moderately detailed treatment of it over at Know Your Meme, with a bunch of translations.
Update: Rocky Branch residents are reporting that decorated Vietnam War-veteran Glen Kellen, a Rocky Branch resident, has been arrested this morning, as they attempted to move their cross and protest sign closer to the public road.
Despite an appeal over the controversial Rocky Branch strip mine permit still pending with an Illinois Department of Natural Resources administrative judge, Peabody Energy defiantly closed down public roads and moved massive mining equipment in Saline County yesterday, in preparation to carry out its already violation-ridden and state-subsidized mine operation.
Rocky Branch, Illinois. Photo credit: Jeff Lucas / Gutting the Heartland
Calling out clear violations of the state's mine permitting process, civil rights and environmental justice policies, besieged farm residents facing toxic mine blasting and water contamination within yards of their homes and wells have appealed to Gov. Pat Quinn and Attorney General Lisa Madigan to halt the state's flawed mine permit process.
"I feel the Attorney General has abandoned us by dragging their feet and letting Peabody destroy a community," Rocky Branch resident Jennifer Dumbris said. "She has the power to stop what is going on until investigations are through but seems to rather look the other way, while Peabody is conducting business as usual."
Last spring, thousands of Illinois residents appealed to Madigan to investigate the numerous inconsistencies and permit violations in the Rocky Branch mine process. Where does the AG stand now?
On behalf of civil rights and environmental justice in Rocky Branch?
Or with Peabody Energy CEO Greg Boyce, who declared in Australia last week that "coal always wins."
In truth, Peabody was named as a party subject to discovery in a recent lawsuit over the Prairie State coal-fired plant, “a scheme by Peabody," according to Illinois state residents, "to create a market for its high-sulfur, high-ash coal reserves in Southern Illinois.” A UK judge also ruled this week that Peabody's "clean coal" ad campaign is misleading.
Peabody coal equipment on Rt. 13, Saline County, IL.
Photo credit: Shawnee Hills and Hollers
If Gov. Quinn and Attorney General Madigan can step in and halt the proposed Banner strip mine, why can't they step in and halt the violation-ridden permits of the proposed Rocky Branch strip mine?
If Gov. Quinn and Attorney General Madigan can step in and halt petcoke coal dust, a "serious public health threat facing the residents," why can't they step in and halt the admitted unprotected health threat of toxic coal dust in Rocky Branch?
According to the IDNR permit for Rocky Branch, released earlier this spring, toxic coal dust from blasting, which will occur only a few hundred feet from resident homes, farms and wells, is not even considered:
If Quinn and Madigan can campaign to reduce carbon emissions from coal-fired plants, why can't they stop the unnecessary and CO2-exploding Peabody mine in Saline County from being loaded onto barges and shipped for dirty coal-fired plants overseas?
"Why is it that electric cigarettes are more important to make a decision on than the health and well being of a community of 70 and 80-year-olds that are law-abiding, tax-paying citizens," Dumbris added. "It is nothing but profit over people."
Yesterday, as equipment trundled across the state highway and down public roads in Saline County, Rocky Branch residents protested and held signs, "God Save Rocky Branch."
Rocky Branch, Illinois. Photo credit: Shawnee Hills and Hollers
That it—until Gov. Quinn, Attorney General Madigan and the courts uphold regulatory laws and fair mining practices, as well as civil rights and environmental justice.
You Might Also Like
7 Washington University Students Arrested Protesting Peabody Coal
Wash U Sit-In Enters Historic 3rd Week: Peabody Moment of Truth Arrives
Washington University Sit-In: Students Against Peabody Coal Ask Which Side Are You On?
Shannon Szabados made history Saturday night in leading the Columbus Cottonmouths to a 3-0 win over the Huntsville Havoc in Alabama, marking the first time a female goaltender has registered a shutout in a men's professional hockey match.
The 29-year-old made 33 saves during the game, moving the team to 8-9-4 this season.
1st Pro Shutout! #3-0 <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/33saves?src=hash">#33saves</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/VsHunstville?src=hash">#VsHunstville</a> <a href="https://t.co/D57KLndtNT">pic.twitter.com/D57KLndtNT</a> —@ShannonSzabados
The two-time Olympian is playing in their second full season with the Southern Professional Hockey League team, taking over starting duties in the fall of 2014 after a two-game stint to finish the 2013-14 season.
Szabados holds a 18-16-4 record with a 3.29 goals-against average and a .907 save percentage in their time with the Columbus, Ga., team.
Szabados played goaltender for the Canadian Women's Olympic team in 2010 and 2014 where they won gold in Vancouver and Sochi, Russia, respectively. They have been a high-profile Canadian player for years, leading the Canadian women's team at many levels to international success and playing in various men's leagues growing up, including alongside future NHL stars while playing in the Western Hockey League and Alberta Junior Hockey League.
The SPHL is a nine-team professional league based in the southeastern United States.
The team's next game is Sunday at 4 p.m. ET against the Pensacola Ice Flyers.
The Art of: Tag Team Wrestling With The Hardy Boyz
by
Tag-Team wrestling was something of a lost art in the Attitude Era, and only handful of teams is able to get it right. There were the Dudleys, Edge and Christian, and then there were the Hardy Boyz.
For those who weren't avid wrestling fans back in the Attitude/Ruthless Agression Era(s), tag team wrestling wasn't nearly what it is now. Very few people were part of a tag team, and most of them weren't very successful as a direct result of the following fact: two individual wrestlers don't make one good tag team. A prime example is the Rock-n-Sock Connection. Sure, they were incredibly over with the crowd, but they were individual performers that acted like such inside the ring.
The tag team division had taken a big hit during this era, and it wasn't until three great tag teams burst onto the scene that tag team wrestling became relevant again. In 1998, the WWF had a lot of great – and currently underused – potential on their roster in the way of Edge and Christian, Buh-Buh Ray and Devon Dudley, as well as real life brothers Matt and Jeff Hardy, but it wasn't until 2000 that the scene exploded.
See, in the year 2000, Edge and Christian had broken away from Gangrel and The Brood, paving their own path in the WWF, and Buh-Buh Ray and Devon Dudley had cemented themselves as one of the best tag teams not in the WWF, but the industry as a whole. Then came the Hardy Boyz, who had broken away from Michael Hayes and formed Team Xtreme with Lita, and would go on to revolutionize that tag team division.
The crown jewel of this time is the first Table Ladders and Chairs match at Summerslam 2000, which was the first ever TLC Tag Team match, and one of the most dangerous matches to date. The moment that most people will remember from this match was Edge spearing a dangling Jeff Hardy from twenty feet in the air, but that was simply the tip of the iceberg that catapulted all three teams into the stratosphere, but most notably Jeff and Matt Hardy.
What happened after that night spawned an epidemic of outstanding matches that were highlighted by the high-flying, daredevil tactics of Jeff Hardy, coupled with the tactical thinking and hard-hitting ability of Matt, they were the perfect tag team; The Ying to the others Yang. By creating this perfect balance of athleticism, skill, and overall charisma, they were able to obtain the tag team gold on seven total occasions, and while their longest reign only lasted three months, they put on some of the most entertaining matches of their generation. To put it simply, they had successfully put tag team wrestling back on the map.
Now, before you say that “Well, Edge and Christian were actually better historically.” or “The Dudley Boyz would totally kick the Hardy Boyz asses in a match today.”, this article isn't meant to be fact driven. I could have gone on all day about the facts and bore you to death, but the fact of the matter is, the Hardy Boyz sparked a revolution in this industry. Some of the most popular matches – TLC being the best example – would have never existed had the Hardy Boys burst onto the scene.
They knew how to own the spotlight when they came down to the ring, full of energy and hype, ready to do whatever it took to achieve their dreams. They are arguably one of the most perfect tag teams from a technical standpoint; all of their joint moves were so fluid and crisp, you couldn't help but look on in awe. But the most important characteristic they captured: The ability to do it all over again every night, no matter the venue, the crowd, nothing else mattered except going out and putting on a show that people would remember.
They forever changed the landscape of the tag team division, mixing agility and speed, with power and charisma, and thus is why the Hardy Boyz truly mastered the lost art of tag team wrestling.
Advertisements
We hate that we love this show.
With only two seasons under its belt, You're the Worst has already become one of the most anticipated shows this fall. The show took a shocking twist early in season two when it was discovered that Gretchen had clinical depression, which they fell into for the duration of the season.
It was one of the first shows on television to even attempt to portray depression accurately and although Gretchen was starting to feel better by the end of the season, she's still struggling to maintain their mental health. The show's star Aya Cash (aka Gretchen herself) recently opened up about what we can expect from Gretchen and their dealings with depression in season three.
“She's really on a path to try to get better. Clinical depression can come and go very quickly, but it comes back. She's building the tools to help themselves so that it doesn't get to the low lows again.”
Gretchen will also be attending therapy this season, with their Orange is the New Black‘s Samira Wiley playing them therapist.
“During their therapy, I think they buy in at moments. You hear a little bit about their background, their family. And they start to really believe that maybe I can help myself, but in the way that often when you're starting to learn about yourself or reading a self-help book or getting into some religion or going to therapy, where she's just sort of hitting on the surface level.”
We're so excited to see how Gretchen handles their depression now that she's in remission.
You're the Worst airs Wednesdays on FXX.
[related_post themes=”flat”]
There are many branches of philosophy, within which an entire web focuses on how we humans think and feel about the natural world. Yet, despite several philosophical movements and advancements over centuries, we still fail to agree on the level of respect and care nature deserves, making critical thinking to change social paradigms toward conserving nature essential.
Naturalist Movement
The most direct connection between philosophy and conservation is Naturalism. There are many definitions of Naturalism but most are instilled with a sense of realism, to observe, record and quantify. The modern scientific revolution ran in tandem with philosophical naturalism, as the movement centred on recognising the scientific processes and natural forces we adhere to.
This was later expressed in naturalist literature as authors and poets began defining characters in their works through their relationship to nature and their surroundings; making the connection that humankind is a part of nature and how it plays a pivotal role in what it is to be human.
The irony is that while our ability to discover, communicate and understand has advanced so too has our self-importance. Granted many grew a newfound respect and connection to nature but this deepened the longstanding fork in thinking. Those considering our intelligence as that of above all else resulted in delusions of grandeur; human superiority and by extension domination, over the natural world and it's this severance from nature which has led to its exploitation.
Speciesism
Speciesism is the notion that humans are somehow superior to all other life-forms. A prime example of this is the measure of human intelligence; not only among ourselves to categorise and judge but as a comparison to the value of other species. For instance dogs have poor eyesight relative to their sense of smell, in fact it would take several human noses to equate the value of one dog, yet to test its intelligence we put them in front of a mirror.
The same can be said for any species and their lack of written language or opposable thumbs, which outshine us with incredible abilities but are still deemed inferior. The fact that we conduct research and test all manner of things on animals perceived as lesser for our progression. Even the portrayal of hierarchical food chains is biased towards humans being at the top, even though we are preyed upon by species of the most commonly occurring lifestyle on Earth; parasites.
Wikimedia Commons | Haslam M, Gumert MD, Biro D, Carvalho S, Malaivijitnond S (2013)
However other philosophical movements blossomed through those on the other branch of thinking. For example Utilitarian philosophers developed the first ethics surrounding the thoughts and feelings of animals to dispute Dechartes, who thought because animals didn't have the same mind as people, were merely expressing mechanical responses to vivisection and not actually feeling pain. Thankfully we've come a long way since then.
Another influential and ongoing movement is ecofeminism, also challenging speciesism alongside other social dualities to achieve equality within society and therefore equality between society and nature.
Ecofeminism
Rachel Carson, author of the ground-breaking Silent Spring, not only changed the face of conservation but spurred the origins of the ecofeminism movement. Ecofeminism focuses on the inherent link between women's oppression and domination over nature by looking at socio-political constructs.
The movement's origins in the 1960's has since been reinforced by many, including Val Plumwood, whose work established respect for nature by challenging the dualism present in society that is subsequently extended to dominion over nature. That is to say that the dualism between male and female in patriarchal-dominated society is the same division seen between humans and nature and therefore to redress the balance of equality would mend these harmful chasms.
“I argue that western culture has treated the human/nature relation as a dualism and that this explains many of the problematic features of the west's treatment of nature which underlie the environmental crisis, especially the western construction of human identity as ‘outside' nature.”
Them work Feminism and the Mastery of Nature focuses on the culmination of four core oppressions and their relationship to one another; gender, race, class and nature. These dualities were also the focus in many 19th century creative naturalist works.
The dualisms confronted by Plumwood have come closer to equilibrium with further understanding our place as a functioning part within nature. This has been reinforced with recent scientific discoveries which demonstrate that we are a part of nature and do not exist outside, or indeed have ownership, of it.
Photo by DAVID ILIFF. License: CC-BY-SA 3.0
For instance Shinrin Yoku, translated as forest bathing, has proven restorative effects simply by being in the presence of nature. The exacerbation of climate change has shown us not only our impact on ecosystems but the consequences we will face as part of those ecosystems, as we cannot separate ourselves from nature.
Though speciesism has dwindled with the continued rise of ecofeminism, veganism, animal rights and environmental awareness another notion has arrived in the form of cognitive dissonance. Cognitive dissonance is to mentally justify shortcomings when faced with a problem, therefore separating oneself from the problem. This dissonance is highly present in climate change deniers, causing yet another fork in thinking in regards to our impact on the environment.
Frontier runs terrestrial & marine conservation, community, teaching and adventure travel projects in over 50 countries worldwide - so join us and explore the world!
A roughly 3.5-mile high Martian mound that scientists suspect preserves evidence of a massive lake might actually have formed as a result of the Red Planet's famously dusty atmosphere, an analysis of the mound's features suggests. If correct, the research could dilute expectations that the mound holds evidence of a large body of water, which would have important implications for understanding Mars' past habitability.
Researchers based at Princeton University and the California Institute of Technology suggest that the mound, known as Mount Sharp, most likely emerged as strong winds carried dust and sand into the 96-mile-wide crater in which the mound sits. They report in the journal Geology that air likely rises out of the massive Gale Crater when the Martian surface warms during the day, then sweeps back down its steep walls at night. Though strong along the Gale Crater walls, these "slope winds" would have died down at the crater's center where the fine dust in the air settled and accumulated to eventually form Mount Sharp, which is close in size to Alaska's Mt. McKinley.
Researchers based at Princeton University, the California Institute of Technology and Ashima Research suggest that Mars' roughly 3.5-mile high Mount Sharp (above) most likely emerged as strong winds carried dust and sand into Gale Crater where the mound sits. If correct, the research could dilute expectations that the mound is the remnant of a massive lake, which would have important implications for understanding Mars' past habitability. (Image by NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS)
This dynamic counters the prevailing theory that Mount Sharp formed from layers of lakebed silt — and could mean that the mound contains less evidence of a past, Earth-like Martian climate than most scientists currently expect. Evidence that Gale Crater once contained a lake in part determined the landing site for the NASA Mars rover Curiosity. The rover touched down near Mount Sharp in August with the purpose of uncovering evidence of a habitable environment, and in December Curiosity found traces of clay, water molecules and organic compounds. Determining the origin of these elements and how they relate to Mount Sharp will be a focus for Curiosity in the coming months.
But the mound itself was likely never underwater, though a body of water could have existed in the moat around the base of Mount Sharp, said study co-author Kevin Lewis, a Princeton associate research scholar in geosciences and a participating scientist on the Curiosity rover mission, Mars Science Laboratory. The quest to determine whether Mars could have at one time supported life might be better directed elsewhere, they said.
The researchers report that air would have flowed up the crater rim (red arrows) and the flanks of Mount Sharp (yellow arrows) in the morning when the Martian surface warmed, and reversed in the cooler late afternoon. The researchers created a computer model showing that the fine dust carried by these winds could accumulate over time to build a mound the size of Mount Sharp even if the ground were bare from the start. The blue arrows indicate the more variable wind patterns on the floor of the crater, which includes the Curiosity landing site (marked by the "x"). (Image by NASA/JPL-Caltech/ESA/DLR/FU Berlin/MSSS)
"Our work doesn't preclude the existence of lakes in Gale Crater, but suggests that the bulk of the material in Mount Sharp was deposited largely by the wind," said Lewis, who worked with first author Edwin Kite, a planetary science postdoctoral scholar at Caltech; Michael Lamb, an assistant professor of geology at Caltech; and Claire Newman and Mark Richardson of California-based research company Ashima Research.
"Every day and night you have these strong winds that flow up and down the steep topographic slopes. It turns out that a mound like this would be a natural thing to form in a crater like Gale," Lewis said. "Contrary to our expectations, Mount Sharp could have essentially formed as a free-standing pile of sediment that never filled the crater."
Even if Mount Sharp were born of wind, it and similar mounds likely overflow with a valuable geological — if not biological — history of Mars that can help unravel the climate history of Mars and guide future missions, Lewis said.
"These sedimentary mounds could still record millions of years of Martian climate history," Lewis said. "This is how we learn about Earth's history, by finding the most complete sedimentary records we can and going through layer by layer. One way or another, we're going to get an incredible history book of all the events going on while that sediment was being deposited. I think Mount Sharp will still provide an incredible story to read. It just might not have been a lake."
Features of Mount Sharp are more consistent with wind deposition rather than an ancient lakebed, the researchers reported. Satellite images show that the various layers of sediment that make up Mount Sharp likely did not extend to the crater wall and also display a consistent tilt, or "dip," away from the center of the mound. The red dots denote dip areas with the average degree of slope indicated. The yellow star marks the landing site of the NASA Curiosity Mars rover. (Image from Kevin Lewis)
Dawn Sumner, a geology professor at the University of California-Davis and a Mars Science Laboratory team member, said that the specificity of the researchers' model makes it a valuable attempt to explain Mount Sharp's origin. While the work alone is not yet enough to rethink the distribution of water on Mars, it does propose a unique wind dynamic for Gale Crater then models it in enough detail for the hypothesis to actually be tested as more samples are analyzed on Mars, Sumner said.
"To my knowledge, their model is novel both in terms of invoking katabatic [cool, downward-moving] winds to form Mount Sharp and in quantitatively modeling how the winds would do this," said Sumner, who is familiar with the work but had no role in it.
"The big contribution here is that they provide new ideas that are specific enough that we can start to test them," they said. "This paper provides a new model for Mount Sharp that makes specific predictions about the characteristics of the rocks within the mountain. Observations by Curiosity at the base of Mount Sharp can test the model by looking for evidence of wind deposition of sediment."
The researchers used pairs of satellite images of Gale Crater taken in preparation for the rover landing by the High-Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera onboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter satellite managed by Caltech for NASA. Software tools extracted the topographical details of Mount Sharp and the surrounding terrain. The researchers found that the various layers in the mound did not form more-or-less flat-lying stacks as sediments deposited from a lake would. Instead, the layers fanned outward from the mound's center in an unusual radial pattern, Lewis said.
Kite developed a computer model to test how wind circulation patterns would affect the deposition and erosion of wind-blown sediment within a crater like Gale. The researchers found that slope winds that constantly exited and reentered Gale Crater could limit the deposition of sediments near the crater rim, while building up a mound in the center of the crater, even if the ground were bare from the start, Lewis said.
The researchers' results provide evidence for recent questions about Mount Sharp's watery origins, Lewis said. Satellite observations had previously detected water-related mineral signatures within the lower portion of Mount Sharp. While this suggested that the lower portion might have been series of lakebeds, portions of the upper mound were more ambiguous, Lewis said. First of all, the upper layers of the mound are higher than the crater walls in several places. Also, Gale Crater sits on the edge of Mars' northern lowlands. If it had been filled with water to near the height of Mount Sharp then the entire northern hemisphere would have been flooded.
Soil analyses carried out by Curiosity — the rover's primary mission is two years, but could be extended — will help determine the nature of Mount Sharp and the Martian climate in general, Lewis said. Wind erosion relies on specific factors such as the size of individual soil grains, so such information gleaned from the Curiosity mission will help determine Martian characteristics such as wind speed. On Earth, sediments need some amount of moisture to become cemented into rock. It will be interesting to know, Lewis said, how the rock layers of Mount Sharp are held together and how water might be involved.
"If the mechanism we describe is correct, it would tell us a lot about Mars and how it operates because Mount Sharp is only one of a class of enigmatic sedimentary mounds observed on Mars," Lewis said.
The paper, "Growth and form of the mound in Gale Crater, Mars: Slope wind enhanced erosion and transport," was published in the May 2013 issue of the journal Geology. The work was supported by grants from NASA, Caltech and the Princeton Department of Geosciences' Harry Hess fellowship.
Reignwolf's unique sound can't be defined so easily. The vocals are sometimes full of the grunge grit, while at other times, the sing-a-long howls of a modern rock song. Heck, you'll even come across the screams found in hardcore punk bands and the crooning of blues singers. Instrumentally, you're dealing with the intense riffs of Black Sabbath coupled with the guitar melodies of Stevie Ray Vaughan. A Reignwolf song can have a slow tempo with an emphasis on atmosphere, a fast tempo where rocking out is the main priority, or something in between.
A Saskatoon, Saskatchewan native, Jordan Cook is the sole member of Reignwolf. At live shows, they can be seen playing the guitar and drums at once or enlisting the help of a bassist and drummer while they handle vocal and guitar duties.
Cook has only released a handful of singles so far and no albums, but it's enough to earn them hordes of ravenous fans, who eagerly track them down on stage for more. Happily, Reignwolf will play the Voodoo Festival in New Orleans at the end of October, with more dates to follow—fingers crossed.
Take your first steps into Reignwolf with this five-track starter kit:
Hardcore
An industrial fuzz tone from Cook's guitar leaps this song into action and continues throughout. From the first verse, the slow beat created by the instruments mixed with Cook's crooning voice immediately brings a dark, gloomy tone, as do lyrics like “Your brother said they locked you in the bedroom / Your sister said she'd throw away the key.” The minimalism in the instruments coupled with the low volume of Cook's voice further adds to this tone. Forgoing their signature howls, Cook lets the eerie atmosphere carry the listener through the song. The result is a mixture between a blues single filled with the catchiness of a Nine-Inch Nails song.
Are You Satisfied?
From early into the song, Cook provides gritty howls over a slow but heavy blues riff. That dirty riff is full of vibrato and continues to accompany Cook's vocals for the first minute of the song. Soon it explodes into a catchy grunge melody at 1:05 and is joined by drums and bass. To escalate that, Cook unleashes a fast solo full of shredding and tapping that combines the soulful vibe of a Hendrix song with the intensity of Black Sabbath and serves as an example of how Cook blends the blues with rock.
In the Dark
Cook is known for incorporating elements of blues and rock in their music, but this song definitely leans towards the latter, and rendered with maximum ferocity and agony. “My love / Left me with a broken heart / Our love, my love,” Cook yells broken-hearted throughout until reaching a virtual scream at 3:19, setting off a fiery guitar solo.
Lonely Sunday
One of Cook's most straightforward songs, with a standard verse-chorus-verse structure that makes it easy to follow, this tune displays the melodic side of their voice. But that's just until the sing-along chorus, when Cook growls out, “Wait! You've got it on the heart, / You can't stay.” Their vocals during the chorus are reminiscent of modern post-grunge bands like Seether and Alter Bridge with the power to match. With the combination of melody and an infectious chorus, it's safe to say that this song would catch the attention of many on a rock radio station.
Electric Love
There's lots of diversity on this track. It begins with a chunky, yet catchy guitar riff before slowing down for Cook's lyrics. Their croons intertwine with their howls for a few lines before the guitar riffs return. The smooth guitar melodies when Cook sings and relentless shredding when they don't, strike a great balance. Live it's even more impressive, with Cook playing guitar with one hand and drumming with the other.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel got caught with their tiny 9.5 fingers in the people's cookie jar.
Again.
This time their amazing cash grab is detailed in a Tribune investigative story showing that City Hall demanded at least $2.4 million in fines from drivers who were issued bad speed camera tickets.
Not bad as in "good." But bad as in Rahm's tickets that should never have been issued in the first place near parks and schools, because they didn't meet proper criteria.
Sometimes the warning signs weren't properly posted. Sometimes the parks or schools were closed or under construction. Sometimes there were no children in the camera shots as prescribed by law. But City Hall spit those tickets out anyway.
Tickets cost up to $100, hitting regular Chicagoans right in their wallets, according to the agita-inducing story by David Kidwell and Abraham Epton.
But your agita doesn't bother Rahm in the least. In this, he's rather like that obnoxious little King Joffrey in "Game of Thrones." He's standing behind their speed cameras, and they detest being asked about them.
Deborah Lowery comments on the tickets they received as a result of a speed camera at Bogan High School. Deborah Lowery comments on the tickets they received as a result of a speed camera at Bogan High School. SEE MORE VIDEOS
The Tribune found that some of Rahm's Zones of Miraculous Revenue are near major roads, where kids never play.
They insist it's all about the safety. But Chumbolone Nation knows what this is all about:
Revenue.
I know one of those drivers burned by Mayor Rahmfather's bogus ticket op. They walked into my office yesterday, as they do every day. But this time steam rushed out of theirs ears.
"Bleep those bleeping Rahm speed cameras!" said Old School, who is now $135 lighter and read the Tribune story.
A hundred bucks is real money. Maybe not to Rahm, who made $16 million in inside business deals between political gigs. But it's real money to voters.
"So I'm driving southeast on Indianapolis Avenue," explained Old School. "Around the 103rd block, it's a six-lane road, like an expressway, a main drag to get the hell out of town, which is what I was planning on doing.
"Two weeks later, I get that awful city envelope with the red notice inside. It was the ticket and a warning."
Old School was given a ticket for going 41 in a 30 mph zone on a main drag near a bike path. Except for one problem. The path is about 20 feet away from the main drag.
There is a park too. But you can't see the park from the street. All you can see are chain-link construction fences covered with plastic and piles of dirt.
"It's not about safety," Old School said.
Really?
They got a ticket, and they paid, like thousands and thousands of other Chicagoans.
Those speed cameras on Indianapolis Avenue are among the top three of Rahm's most profitable.
How do you feel about that, Old School?
"I want to take a baseball bat to these speed cameras, 'Goodfellas' style," Old School said. "But I won't because it's against Tribune policy to vandalize city property with baseball bats."
The reason they were there on Indianapolis Avenue on the way out of town is a reason that many South Siders like Old School are on that road.
They were on their way to Indiana.
Not to gamble in the casinos, but to buy stuff they need because taxes in Chicago are way too high. That's how the South Side rolls. To Indiana.
"The cost? It's not even a comparison," Old School said, echoing thousands of others who drive out of town for smokes, alcohol, gas and paper products from that Wal-Mart in Hammond.
Most of the South Side goes that way. That's why Rahm has their bogus ticket cameras there, lurking like electronic vultures, to squeeze the good chumbolones out of their cash while pretending it's all about saving children.
"Whether you're coming or you're going, they're going to get their cut," Old School said.
Wait for it.
"It's the Chicago Way," they said.
On Wednesday, when Kidwell's story on Rahm's bogus tickets was published, the mayor held a City Hall news conference.
But the mayor, in that King Joffrey mode, was irked, so they aren't about to answer questions that aggravated them from the Tribune.
Emanuel called on WBBM-TV producer Ed Marshall. But Marshall wanted to see the show.
Marshall: I defer to Mr. Kidwell.
So Kidwell asked the question that drivers have wanted to ask for years, going back to the corruption of the red light cameras, the City Hall tweaking of the yellow light times to boost violations, and now this one about the $2.4 million in bogus tickets.
Kidwell: Mr. Mayor, I was just wondering if you would like to explain why it is the city of Chicago can't seem to run a fair automated camera enforcement program and what you intend to do about it since you have sole authorship of the latest one?
Emanuel tried to change the subject. "The question is," they said, "can we add increased safety and security to our streets as it related to speeding …"
Kidwell: That wasn't the question.
Rahmfather: "And this is not your time for rebuttal, so let me just go ahead and speak, OK?" After snapping, they launched into their scripted safety jive.
Kidwell: You want to answer the question about why you can't run it fairly?
But Rahm didn't. Because he's the mayor. And because we are the chumbolones.
jskass@tribpub.com
Twitter @John_Kass
Belief in the bloodsucker Tlahuelpuchi is prominent in the Mexican state of Tlaxcala, with deep roots amongst the indigenous Nahua culture of the region.
Etymology [ edit ]
The word tlahuelpuchi derives from the Nahuatl tlāhuihpochtli (plural tlātlāhuihpochtin), a compound of tlāhuia, "to light up or illuminate" and pōchtli, which can mean "haze", "left", "southern" or "youth" (as in compounds like tēlpōchtli, young man). As a result, tlahuelpuchi may mean glowing haze or illuminated youth.[1]
Description [ edit ]
The tlahuelpuchi is a type of vampire or witch that lives with its human family. It is able to shape shift and sucks the blood of infants at night. It has a kind of glowing aura when shape shifted. Tlahuelpuchi are born with their curse and cannot avoid it. They first learn of what they are sometime around puberty. Most tlahuelpuchi are female and the female tlahuelpuchi are more powerful than males. The tlahuelpuchi have a form of society. Typically they each have their own territories. They also have a pact with shamans and other supernatural creatures; a shaman won't turn in a suspected tlahuelpuchi. The typical sign that a victim was killed by the tlahuelpuchi are bruises on their upper body. The Tlahuelpuchi largely feeds on children, though it can kill others.
Powers [ edit ]
Tlahuelpuchi are able to change form by detaching their body from their legs (which are left in the house of the witch). They then go hunting, usually in the form of some bird like a turkey or a vulture. The tlahuelpuchi has to perform a ritual before they can enter the house of a victim. The tlahuelpuchi must fly over the house in the shape of a cross from north to south, east to west.[2]
Weaknesses [ edit ]
Tlahuelpuchi must feed at least once a month on blood or they die. Their victim of choice is an infant. There is no way to detect a tlahuelpuchi except by catching them in the act. Their family protects them out of shame and because if a family member is responsible for the death of a tlahuelpuchi the curse will be passed down to them. The curse cannot be lifted, and if a tlahuelpuchi is identified, they must be killed on the spot. Garlic, onions and metal repel the tlahuelpuchi.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Martínez González (2006) ^ Bowles (2012)
Jack Sinclair (St Kilda)
Sinclair was overlooked at the 2013 NAB AFL Draft, but didn't let it stop them from pursuing an AFL career. They played as an over-ager for the Oakleigh Chargers in the TAC Cup last season, performed well for Port Melbourne in the VFL on a couple of occasions, and proved to St Kilda that they were worth a spot on its list. The first player picked in last year's rookie draft, the small but hard-working midfielder has had a solid pre-season and was impressive against Hawthorn in Thursday night's NAB Challenge thrashing. They gathered 16 disposals (eight contested) and didn't look out of place. – Callum Twomey
James Sicily (Hawthorn)
We might not see a whole lot of Sicily at AFL level in 2015 given Hawthorn's star-studded forward line, but the exciting youngster will get their chance at some stage. Sicily started as one of the Hawks' substitutes against the Saints, but immediately made an impact when they came into the game in the second half by flying for a huge mark. They didn't come down with the ball, but did excite with their natural leap and flair. He's aggressive and tall, and getting stronger, and still has the pace off the mark that made them an eye-catching player at junior level. A senior debut looms. – Callum Twomey
Lauchlan Dalgleish (Essendon)
If Dalgleish had kicked their incredible running goal against Melbourne during the home-and-away season they might have been walking away with the goal of the year award. The 21-year-old showed Rohan Bail a clean pair of heels when they gathered from defensive 50, took four bounces and goaled from 45m in a scintillating passage of play. The young gun, who played all three of their career games in 2013, wasn't finished there, either. They pounced on Jack Viney's cross-goal kick in the dying stages and booted the match-winning goal. Looks a handy type. - Travis King
Dalgleish runs the length of the field and drills it! Highlight frenzy in the second quarter. #NABChallenge Replay: http://t.co/PhzAOzTRaa — AFL (@AFL) March 20, 2015
Aaron vandenBerg (Melbourne)
The mature-age rookie recruit from Ainslie has made an immediate impact since they arrived at Melbourne, so much so that they will come under consideration for a round one debut against Gold Coast, according to coach Paul Roos. VandenBerg (two goals, 14 disposals) lit up Etihad Stadium with their pace and looked a constant threat in attack against Essendon. Standing at 188cm, the 22-year-old compliments a forward line with the height of Chris Dawes, Jesse Hogan, Jack Watts and Sam Frost and the ground-level threat of Jeff Garlett. – Travis King
Demon rookie Aaron vandenBerg could be a chance for a debut in round one. Picture: AFL Media
Touk Miller (Gold Coast)
The 19-year-old Calder Cannons product has been super impressive throughout the pre-season and locked in their round-one berth with another eye-catching display against the Lions. Miller is a defensive terrier as a small forward and showed on Friday night they could add just as much with the attacking side of their game. Their 13 disposals included a perfectly weighted pass to Alex Sexton for a goal, and a nice little in-and-away step on Daniel Merrett before kicking a go-ahead goal inside the final five minutes. But Miller's forte is their harassing defensive work, and a team-high six tackles showed again why they are so valuable. – Michael Whiting
James Aish (Brisbane Lions)
After finishing fourth behind winning teammate Lewy Taylor in last year's NAB Rising Star award, Aish has hit the ground running in 2015. The addition of Dayne Beams into the Lions' midfield seems to have slightly changed their role, but not slowed down their production. Last year the young South Australian was forced inside quite often because of the injury woes to the Lions midfield, but during the pre-season, they have got a bit more uncontested ball and been able to use their skills. Aish had 22 disposals against the Suns, 17 uncontested, to follow up the 24 touches against the Sydney Swans in the Lions' previous match. – Michael Whiting
Joel Tippett (North Melbourne)
After piling on six kilograms over the summer, Tippett looks a new player and they give the Kangaroos backline a new look. Against Richmond, they rotated on the opposition's big forwards all day and took the points against a goalless Ty Vickery after long periods on the 200cm Tiger. Coach Brad Scott needed tall defensive reinforcements in 2015 and the 26-year-old looks like they will provide it after earning promotion off the rookie list. – Nathan Schmook
Kamdyn McIntosh (Richmond)
Entering their third season on the Tigers' list, McIntosh is looking to put a long run of injuries behind him. The 21-year-old has been among the Richmond's top handful of trainers over the pre-season and they showed their supreme running ability against North Melbourne. Repeatedly involved in link-up play, they worked hard to provide an option for teammates in space and showed their poise with a nice goal on the run from 48m. Could have done enough to earn round one selection. – Nathan Schmook
Brad Ebert (Port Adelaide)
The vice-captain is one of Port Adelaide's best players, but he'd be the first to admit their form tapered off last year. He's one of the club's hardest workers on game day and their performance against Adelaide suggested he's ready to return to their best. Ebert only played 70 per cent of the game but still managed to amass 24 possessions, take seven marks, kick a goal and set another up and drive the ball inside 50 seven times. They also managed to collect 116 Fantasy points – not bad from less than three quarters. – Harry Thring
Cam Ellis-Yolmen (Adelaide)
Another superb performance from the big-bodied midfielder has them right in the running for a round one spot – particularly given the uncertainty over Scott Thompson and Brad Crouch. Ellis-Yolmen's stoppage work was brilliant against Port Adelaide and they finished the game with 26 possessions, five tackles and six clearances. If he's able to consistently bring the level of play he's shown against both the Power and Geelong, Ellis-Yolmen's combination of size and speed would be hugely influential for the club in 2015. – Harry Thring
Cam Ellis-Yolmen impressed their coach, and many others, after their game against Port. Picture: AFL Media
Marcus Bontempelli (Western Bulldogs)
Hard to go past the Bont here. The second-year player exploded out of the blocks for a 15-disposal first quarter, and while they were quietened by Levi Greenwood in the second, they ended with 29 and three goals. It was the sort of performance that prompted Luke Beveridge to concede other teams would be challenged when trying to stop him, with their ability to play both as a powerful goal-kicking forward and through the midfield, and saw more than one commentator ponder how quickly a player could a win a Brownlow Medal. They also laid nine tackles, which showed their willingness to bring a consistent level of intensity when they don't have the ball. – Jennifer Phelan
The Bont plays a part in setting up their own goal #NABChallenge http://t.co/ilDKSMI2SH — AFL (@AFL) March 21, 2015
Taylor Adams (Collingwood)
It wasn't a great night for the Magpies, but Adams was a positive. They were the Pies' leading ball winner, just ahead of Steele Sidebottom, and gave them some grunt through the midfield and at the stoppages. While their disposal could improve, they were willing to dig in and win the ball when the Bulldogs upped their intensity and was consistent in doing so across the game. They could also be used in a different type of role in the coming weeks if Greenwood's ankle injury forces Nathan Buckley to find a new player to fill Brent Macaffer's tagging role. – Jennifer Phelan
Josh Kelly (Greater Western Sydney)
They had an excellent debut season and Kelly looks ready to go even better in 2015. The former No.2 draft pick warmed up nicely for the premiership season opener with 24 disposals against the Swans, including 11 contested, and four clearances. Competition for midfield spots has tightened up significantly with the addition of Ryan Griffen, but Kelly's performance was all class and locks them in for the round one match against the Saints. - Michael Whiting
Isaac Heeney (Sydney Swans)
No surprises here. The Swans' academy product again shone at senior level. They had just 12 disposals, but it's the quality that counts, and in a close game, Heeney had a number of memorable touches. They kicked the game's first goal with a thumping set shot from outside 50m, then backed up with a second during the third term when they outmarked Matt Buntine on the lead. Then, with the scores level and just 20 seconds remaining, the 18-year-old coolly floated back and took a contested mark on the wing. They bombed the ball long, Craig Bird roved the crumbs to kick the winning goal. Heeney has now given themselves every chance to play round one. - Michael Whiting
On the buzzer! Craig Bird snaps a goal on the siren to give the @sydneyswans a six-point win! #NABChallenge http://t.co/1BLRgB4hUd — AFL (@AFL) March 22, 2015
Patrick Cripps (Carlton)
Cripps stands 193cm, and their size and ability to win both contested and uncontested ball were on display against the Cats. The 20-year-old, who was drafted with pick No. 13 in the 2013 NAB AFL Draft, managed three senior games last season; a broken leg hampering their chances of breaking into Carlton's line-up on a more consistent basis. Based on Sunday's return of 32 disposals and five clearances, the midfielder will be a key part of Carlton's engine room in 2015. ­– Ben Guthrie
Mitch Duncan (Geelong)
Duncan, 23, is already an established member of Geelong's best 22, and the Cats are hoping they can become one of the competition's elite midfielders in 2015. Their first half against the Blues suggested they are well on the way. They faded slightly to finish with 24 disposals, five inside 50s and two goals, but not before reminding why their pace is crucial to the Cats' outside running. Their nose for goal doesn't hurt, either, making them a dangerous proposition for opposition teams. – Ben Guthrie
Dom Sheed (West Coast)
The Eagles' first-round pick from the 2013 NAB AFL Draft played 10 matches in their debut season last year, five of them as the starting substitute. The midfielder has added size over the summer but has also increased their endurance, and they produced a good display against Fremantle. They gathered 23 touches in the midfield and used the ball well throughout the day. - Alex Malcolm
Hayden Crozier (Fremantle)
The classy left footer is in their fourth year on the list and looks to have cemented a spot in the Dockers' first-choice 22. Crozier played 11 matches last year including both finals but has improved again during this NAB Challenge. Playing a high half-forward role they have added some defensive pressure to their ball-winning ability and smart goal sense. They gathered 10 possessions against the Eagles and kicked a goal before coming off early in the final term with a right ankle problem. - Alex Malcolm
Leaked drafts of a United Nations report show scientists have never been more confident that climate change is occurring, according to Reuters.
Scientists say it is at least 95 percent likely that humans are the main cause of climate change, largely by burning fossil fuels, Reuters said of the findings in the draft Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report.
That's up 90 percent from the last report in 2007, and far surpasses the 66 percent in 2001, Reuters reported.
ADVERTISEMENT
Reuters noted the report, scheduled for a September release, will face 'intense scrutiny,' as nations try to craft a deal aimed at holding global temperature increases to below 2 degrees Celsius. The goal of UN-hosted talks is to reach an agreement in 2015 that would take effect in 2020.
From Reuters:
The new study will state with greater confidence than in 2007 that rising manmade greenhouse gas emissions have already meant more heatwaves. But it is likely to play down some tentative findings from 2007, such as that human activities have contributed to more droughts.
Almost 200 governments have agreed to try to limit global warming to below 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times, seen as a threshold for dangerous changes including more droughts, extinctions, floods and rising seas that could swamp coastal regions and entire island nations.
The report will flag a high risk that global temperatures will increase this century by more than that level, and will say that evidence of rising sea levels is now "unequivocal".
Read the full story here.
This story was updated on Aug. 18 at 2:22 p.m.
WASHINGTON — Bethesda-based Honest Tea set out to find the most honest cities in America, and let's just say, D.C. didn't fare well. In an unscientific test of morals, the company went to the 27…
WASHINGTON — Bethesda-based Honest Tea set out to find the most honest cities in America, and let's just say, D.C. didn't fare well.
In an unscientific test of morals, the company went to the 27 largest cities across the country and set up stands, selling tea for $1. People were supposed to put a dollar in a box and take a bottle of tea, all on an honor system.
Related Stories D.C. proves its dishonesty to Honest Tea The Latest News
Not only did D.C. not win, but it was also the only city to actually take money from the box.
D.C. and Bethesda combined came in at 17th overall with 94 percent honestly, and Baltimore came in 9th with 96 percent.
This dishonor isn't new to the District. Honest Tea performed a similar “test” two years ago, and D.C. came in last then as well, with a tea drinker getting their bike stolen in the process.
Overall, the experiment was a success. Honest Tea CEO Seth Goldman said that 94 percent of Americans were honest about paying for their tea. Atlanta, who was the most honest, was at 100 percent.
Here are the top five most honest cities:
Atlanta, Georgia (100 percent) Indianapolis, Indiana (99 percent) San Diego, California (97 percent) Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (97 percent) Houston, Texas (97 percent)
And the five least honest:
Providence, Rhode Island (83 percent) Boston, Massachusetts (85 percent) Tampa, Florida (85 percent) Miami, Florida (88 percent) Minneapolis, Minnesota (90 percent)
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook.
© 2015 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
A healthy, lasting, happy marriage is possibly the hardest relationship to maintain. For a long time it was understood that 50% of all marriages would ultimately end in divorce, with at least anecdotal evidence of law enforcement marriages being at even greater risk (with some estimates placing LE divorce rates as high as 75%). Marriage is hard. Done right, it is incredibly rewarding and fun, but doing it right is something that simply escapes too many well-meaning couples.
In order for the relationship to thrive it requires the following traits:
Loving communication
Willingness to get hurt emotionally
Being vulnerable and honest about our individual flaws
Putting your spouse before first before everything, including the job, kids, in-laws, and hobbies
Never keeping secrets
Ability to state what you need assertively but without being aggressive
Taking ownership of our mistakes and making the necessary changes so the hurt to our partner does not reoccur
Always loving, honoring, and cherishing your spouse, in all of your words and behaviors, even when you are the angriest at them!
All of the above traits go against our base human nature to protect ourselves emotionally. In the context of when one or both partners is/are a LEO, they run counter to the emotional and physical survival skills of your training. Instead of embracing vulnerability, police officers are taught to take control of situations, instill peace in the face of chaos, and remain emotionally aloof. Officers are taught to walk towards danger when others have the instinct to run away, and default to assuming control and command presence.
The divorce rate has lately fallen as the age of first marriage has risen, couples wait for financial security before tying the knot, and less formal relationships become more prominent. It must also be noted that marriage rates themselves have dropped to their lowest levels since at least the Great Depression with no signs of impending rebound, even as young people express interest in marriage and commitment. Insecure, often raised in or around broken relationships and lacking models of success, and faced with an equally insecure and untutored dating pool, many face weak prospects for relational and marriage success.
Marriage and couples counselors know this. People still clamor to overcome the pain of troubled relationships, and the issues standing in the way of healing and happiness.
Lately we've been addressing our writing largely toward the new and young officers joining the profession, the millennials who are its future and on whom it will evolve. This is no different, although what follows have no age boundaries. New cops just getting into law enforcement face perhaps even greater stresses and expectations than did the veterans they're joining and replacing, at a time they are negotiating outside lives and loves that will surely be influenced by how the job impacts them. Most of their relationships are at the stage they are still young, still fun, and still hopeful. Our hope is to help keep them there, but knowing well that all lasting relationships undergo stress, face challenges and threats, and even experience multiple failures and recoveries. Realistically, at some time or another, every long-term relationship and marriage begins to unravel and fail. The secret to lasting success and happiness is catching the signs of impending failure and then correcting the underlying behaviors. Today, we'll focus on identifying some of the most common signs of serious trouble on the relationship horizon.
Signs Your Marriage/Relationship is failing
A marriage fails over time. It is generally not just one event that destroys an intimate relationship but the series of multiple signs underlying issues that have developed over time. Instead of taking notice and putting time into correcting them, they are ignored or, even worse, come to seem normal! At least until everything collapses.
Although exhaustive lists of warning signs could be compiled, we find most fall under the umbrella of one of these broad – and surprisingly simple to see and define – categories:
Bickering and constant fighting – Commonplace in many relationships, this can signal a multitude of underlying issues. Perpetual conflict often becomes de rigeour for many couples as they settle into maladaptive patterns of communication they experience as normal but should raise red flags. Whether coming from a place of vastly different outlooks and expectations, underlying anger, disappointment or disgust with each other's actions and choices, or as a way to deliberately push away from one another, when every interaction is edged with anger it is time to take stock.
You're bored or have lost interest – Long-term relationships favor an easy comfortability between partners, settled and secure in their affection and care for one another. These relationships provide safety in an otherwise stressful or tenuous world. This is most certainly a good thing and something healthy couples strive for. Without due care, however, comfort can mask an encroaching complacency. Safety too often leads to boredom. And familiarity can, in fact, breed contempt in our highly evolved, stimulation-seeking, novelty driven brains.
This is normal among most human beings, so imagine how much greater the effect in cops who've chosen a profession that feeds often outsized appetites for excitement, risk taking, newness. Boredom is an important sign. Heed it, and develop strategies to counter the boredom that doesn't scrap an otherwise perfectly good relationship.
Date nights are a thing of the past – Romance and “dating” – even past the courtship stage and after becoming established as a couple – are two of the first casualties in most relationships and marriages. This is both normal and unfortunate.
Continually courting each other – showing your desire and appreciation of one another – is critical to sustaining passion, seeing each other through fresh eyes, and ensuring fun lives on. If you've stopped dating, ask yourself why? Being busy or having fallen into other, mutually enjoyed routines is one thing (although breaking routines for a date night might be well-appreciated); because you no longer want to make the effort, have succumbed to boredom, or are harboring hidden feelings of contempt are quite another.
No affection – Diminished affection – physical, sexual, and/or emotional – is another common symptom of marital problems. While it's normal for the early, hormonally-driven passions to wane somewhat, true lasting affection should never go away.
Business conversations vs. Personal conversations – Even though couples may stay engaged and keep talking to one another, too often they are simply “business” conversations focused on the simple daily maintenance of life, kids, appointments, and running a household. These are necessary, of course, and foundational, but the fun “personal” conversations that cement the foundation and keep it strong often fall away. Pretty soon it's all business/no fun (or no passion) and life together becomes transactional.
Living without the personal invites coldness into the relationship and leaves both partners starved for emotional connection beyond the day-to-day business of living.
Defensiveness, justification, and rationalization – Being able to accept ownership of, and responsibility to change, your own behaviors that hurt your partner and the relationship is an important skill few people are willing to take on. Do you, faced with criticism, see it as a threat and throw up walls to protect your ego from perceived danger? When your partner brings up concerns and hurts is done you minimize, justify, or rationalize behavior? Or are you a counterpuncher, instinctively looking for weaknesses to exploit and responding with an attitude of, “Yeah, well what about when you…” as a way to deflect the threat?
If you see yourself or your relationship in any these warning signs it is time to reevaluate the health of your relationship. It may be time to make some changes. Next month we'll look at simple changes and fixes you can do now.
Mobile users in the US and Canada tend to pay more for a complete cell phone package than anyone else in the world, according to a new report from the New America Foundation's Open Technology Initiative (OTI). The foundation examined the different types of mobile packages in various countries in order to determine the minimum cost for voice minutes, texting, and data, and found that—surprise!—countries with more competition and more regulation tended to have the best pricing.
OTI examined prepaid, unlimited, and postpaid plans in 11 countries in order to determine the best rates in each. Overall, the foundation said that mobile users in the US need to pay at least $59.99 for a complete cell phone package that includes voice, text, and data (which we'll break down in a minute). Comparatively, users in Canada must pay US$67.50—making Canada the only country to top the US.
India and Hong Kong came in with the cheapest complete plans, at $12.90 and $13.50 respectively.
Break it down
When it came to voice minutes, the US, UK, and Canada had the highest postpaid rates, with an average of $0.18, $0.17, and $0.31 per minute, respectively. (The US and Canada's per-minute rate was doubled in the report because customers pay for both incoming and outgoing calls.) India and Hong Kong came in with the lowest per-minute rates, at only $0.01 per minute, postpaid.
Of those on the lower end of the scale, India is the only country that managed to stay low for texts and data, too. Again, the US was among the top three when it came to expensive texts (and again, the US rate was doubled because we pay for both incoming and outgoing texts), along with the UK and Hong Kong. Denmark, Sweden, India, and Japan came in with the cheapest postpaid text rates.
Data plans were somewhat unpredictable—Japan somehow rang up $9.40 per megabyte in postpaid plans, with Hong Kong coming in second with $0.10 per MB and the US coming in third with $0.08. The US rate was largely thanks to AT&T's recent introduction of the 200MB data plan for $15, but OTI still criticized it for being several times the lowest available rate in India, which came out to $0.0004 per MB, and Sweden, at $0.01 per MB (an example that rules out many of the "purchasing power" arguments that might otherwise be made).
OTI didn't cite specific examples in its report, but it did say that cost structures varied as a direct result of competition and innovation in each country. "[I]t is essential that in the countries that have high prices such as the US, we carefully consider additional steps that could be taken with respect to encouraging competition or imposing regulation such that the US becomes an engine of innovation for better and more competitively priced service offerings," said the report.
The European Union has already begun to crack down on "bill shock" when it comes to cell phone bills, and the US is currently working on it. But those measures only address bill inflation due to unexpected charges; the base rates are still higher in the US than almost all other developed countries.
The American Lung Association's “State of the Air” report named 6 California cities among the top 10 worst for ground-level smog in the United States.
The Lung Association report card highlighted continued improvement in air quality during 2016. But about 166 million, or 52.1 percent, of Americans are still at risk from the health effects of air pollution, including higher levels of lung cancer, asthma attacks, cardiovascular damage, and developmental and reproductive harm.
The Lung Association has utilized data averages from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to calculate its “State of the Air.” This year's 17th annual report used 2012, 2013 and 2014 ground-level ozone data from America's 228 major cities in the United States to calculate the top ten “Most Ozone-Polluted Cities::
Los Angeles-Long Beach, California; Bakersfield, California; Visalia-Porterville-Hanford, California; Fresno-Madera, California; Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, Arizona; Sacramento-Roseville, California; Modesto-Merced, California; Denver-Aurora, Colorado; Las Vegas-Henderson, Nevada-Arizona; and Fort Collins, Colorado.
The good news from the “State of the Air” report is that most U.S. cities improved their ozone levels. Although Los Angeles dropped its average number of unhealthy days to its lowest level ever recorded, the mega-city still suffers the most ozone pollution in the nation.
Another five U.S. cities with historically high ozone levels experienced their lowest number of unhealthy ozone days on average since the report began in 2000, including: Visalia–Porterfield–Hanford, CA; Sacramento, CA; Dallas–Fort Worth, TX; El Centro, CA; and Houston, TX.
Four other California cities also experienced their lowest number of unhealthy ozone days, including: Bakersfield, CA; Fresno–Madera, CA; and Modesto–Merced, CA. San Diego had more high-ozone days on average in this report compared to the 2015 report.
Harold P. Wimmer, President and CEO of the American Lung Association commented:
Political pressure has helped plug an expensive land-value disagreement that had threatened municipalities that have BC Ferries terminals with the loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars in tax revenue.
Following three months of discussions, BC Ferries and the agencies that determine property values created a formula that boosts the assessment of the Horseshoe Bay terminal up to more than $47 million, after it was slashed to just $20.
The new agreement now ensures all 48 ferry terminals across the province are assessed in the same way and smoothes the rift with the District of West Vancouver, which called the initial decision "ludicrous" as it filed notice to take the dispute to court.
The waters were calmed after British Columbia's Community, Sport and Cultural Development Minister Bill Bennett convinced the parties to meet at the same table.
"I think everybody knew that ultimately government has the leverage of being able to introduce legislation and establish how those assessments are going to be done," they told reporters in Victoria.
"So it's a lot cheaper to stay out of court, it's a lot easier for everybody to sit down and negotiate something that's reasonable. And that's what they did."
November ruling devalued properties
The Horseshoe Bay terminal, a major port located on the western tip of West Vancouver, was the first to be devalued in a ruling last November.
The change amounted in the loss of future property tax revenues from BC Ferries, and the district was also ordered to pay back three years of previous taxes, worth about $750,000.
The decision came as the result of a BC Ferries' appeal of a routine appraisal by B.C. Assessment, the Crown corporation that assesses the market value of property which is used tax purposes by municipalities.
The original assessment put the value of two parcels of land and some other property at more than $54 million.
But that value plummeted to just $20 with a ruling by the Property Assessment Appeal Board, which operates at arm's length from the assessing body. The agency's rationale was that because ferry terminal land is designated by the province as having only one purpose, it has no potential for profit.
At the time of the November decision, the property value assessments for the Swartz Bay terminal near Victoria and three more in the Courtenay-Comox area, were also being appealed. Some other BC Ferries properties in Richmond and Prince Rupert were also on the list.
New methodology still reduces assessment
The new methodology still results in about a 12 per cent reduction of Horseshoe Bay's property value, bringing it to just over $47 million, but the District of West Vancouver said that overall it's pleased.
"Unfortunately, the challenge we all faced is the (potential B.C.) Supreme Court ruling -- even if it went our way -- could have simply re-set the clock and the same ridiculous assessment could have been made again," said Mayor Michael Smith.
The district will also no longer be required to pay back any retroactive revenues.
"All things considered, including the risk to West Vancouver taxpayers and the legal fees and other costs we would have incurred, we are satisfied with this outcome."
Bennett said assessments in other municipalities vary in the amount BC Ferries' properties have decreased in value, the most at upwards of 22 per cent.
But they said the figure is relative to the size of the community, meaning only a few hundred dollars for some, and more for Nanaimo, West Vancouver and North Saanich, where there are major ferry terminals.
The minister said they still plan to bring in legislation sometime in the future to close the assessment loophole more formally. The government will also look at what other properties might fall under a similar single-use designation and see if it should be covered when that time comes.
Nanaimo Mayor John Ruttan said he's pleased Bennett brought the parties together for a successful conclusion.
"I would also like to express my appreciation to BC Assessment and BC Ferries for their active participation on this challenging issue," they said in a release.
MLA Joan McIntyre, who represents West Vancouver-Sea to Sky, said she's spoken to West Vancouver's mayor several times in the past day.
"The mayor was happy," they told reporters in Victoria. "It was a very difficult situation ... It is definitely a win-win."
Christian columnist Chris Queen argued this week that Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' anti-poverty proposals went against biblical teachings because the “God of the Bible is not a socialist.”
In speech to Liberty University on Monday, Sanders urged the Christian conservative students to apply the golden rule — “Do unto others, what you would have them do to you” — to public policy.
“We are living in a time — and I warn all of you if you would, put this in the context of the Bible, not me, in the context of the Bible — we are living in a time where a handful of people have wealth beyond comprehension,” Sanders said. “Do you think it's moral when 20 percent of the children in this country, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, are living in poverty? Do you think it is acceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty?”
“[A]nd the Bible speaks to this issue, in a nation and in a world which worships not love of brothers and sisters, not love of the poor and the sick, but worships the acquisition of money and great wealth.”
Queen, who describes themselves as a “mild-mannered church communications director,” asserted in a column on Wednesday that Sanders' plan to bolster the social safety net was wrong because Biblical teachings only applied to people, not government.
“[M]ost any sentient person would agree that the plight of the poor and indigent in this country demands action. But the difference lies in how Bernie Sanders plans to remedy this phenomenon and how the God of the Bible commands Their followers to care for the less fortunate,” Queen opined. “The Bernie Sanders plan for helping the poor consists of punitive taxation, byzantine regulation, and burdensome government programs. This is a markedly different method of caring for the poor compared to what we see in the Bible.”
“God's commands are not to enact government programs to take care of the poor and destitute; rather, They command Their people to take care of each other and enact justice as individuals and families and bodies of believers acting on their own obedience to Him,” they added.
According to Queen, “Jesus' reward does not go to faithful governments, but to faithful believers.”
“This may come as a shock to Bernie Sanders, but the God of the Bible is not a Socialist,” they explained. “He commands us to take care of the poor, but Their commands don't apply to governments–they belong to individuals, families, churches, and synagogues.”
“Caring for others as a result of God's love does not burden us, but programs like the ones Bernie Sanders proposes burden everyone. And that's the disconnect between the truth of Biblical justice and the modern Left's vision of social justice.”
National Security Agency data and technical analysis assisted in the U.S. government's attribution of the Sony cyberattack to North Korea, Admiral Michael Rogers said on Thursday.
“We partner with the Department of Homeland Security and FBI in various areas and this is one such area,” Rogers, the NSA director, said in response to a question from a reporter with The Daily Beast about the agency's role, if any, in the attribution of the Sony attack to North Korea.
“We specifically did—we were asked to provide our technical expertise. We were asked to take a look at the malware, we were asked to take a look at not just the data that was being generated from Sony but also what data could we bring to the table—here's other activity and patterns leading up to it, what is this act really about?” Rogers said at the FBI's International Conference on Cybersecurity at Fordham University.
“We were part of a broad interagency effort, not in the lead role–the Federal Bureau of Investigation was the overall lead. Yes, we were part of a broad government attempt to understand exactly what happened.”
This is the first time the agency has made any public statements about its involvement in the Sony hack investigation.
Earlier in the day, Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Ala.) hinted that NSA could have been involved by referencing the “shocking amount of swagger” among industry professionals questioning the government's attribution to North Korea. But those outside experts lack knowledge of the “huge capability of the NSA, FBI and CIA to some degree,” they said.
Rogers, the NSA director, discussed the Sony hack at numerous points throughout their talk, prior to the question and answer period.
“I have very high confidence—I remain very confident—that this was North Korea,” they said, echoing FBI Director James Comey the day before. They said this was the first time a nation-state has carried out an act to “stop the release of a film with a particular viewpoint and characterization of a leader.”
Comey sought to end growing skepticism by informational security professionals that have said they question North Korea's involvement in the Sony hack. Many in the industry had called on the FBI to offer proof of ties to North Korea. Comey Wednesday provided new details about the FBI's investigation.
They told the standing-room-only packed room that the hackers got sloppy and sometimes failed to mask their identity when sending email threats to Sony employees, pointing to networks used “exclusively by North Koreans.” And they said they were trying to get the emails declassified to disclose to the public.
The NSA chief—like Justice Department and FBI officials—applauded Sony for notifying the government within hours of learning they'd been hit with a cyberattack. Naming North Korea and announcing economic sanctions was critical for deterrence of future nation-state or other types of cyberattack, Rogers argued.
“The entire world is watching how we as a nation are going to respond to this,” they said.
Photo: Alex Wong/Getty Images
Glyphosate: Expert finds BfR guilty of plagiarism from Monsanto
Authors from the German authority BfR are guilty of “serious scientific misconduct” in copy-pasting a Monsanto report without giving citations or distinguishing between Monsanto's and their own assessments
An Austrian expert on plagiarism, Dr Stefan Weber, has analyzed the report on glyphosate prepared by the German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment (BfR), which concluded that the chemical did not pose a carcinogenic risk.[1]
In a report commissioned by the Austrian NGO GLOBAL 2000, Dr Weber compared BfR's report with the application for the renewal of glyphosate's approval, submitted by Monsanto on behalf of the Glyphosate Task Force, a coalition of pesticide companies. They found that BfR had heavily plagiarised Monsanto's text, uncritically and without giving citations, leading to a situation where it was not possible to distinguish Monsanto's interpretation of the data from BfR's.
Dr Weber points out that this violates guidance from the EU Commission, which clearly states that the comments and conclusions of the national rapporteur – in this case, BfR on behalf of Germany – need to be clearly differentiated from the conclusions of the authors of any relevant studies and the industry applicant.
Dr Weber's findings add weight to the concern of NGOs and MEPs that Monsanto heavily influenced the EU assessment of glyphosate. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) followed BfR in concluding that glyphosate is not carcinogenic. Their conclusion is at odds with the view of the World Health Organisation's cancer agency IARC, which classifies glyphosate as a probable human carcinogen and adds that evidence for its genotoxicity (ability to damage DNA) is strong.
The questions
Dr Weber was given three questions to answer:
1) Are the rules of good scientific practice applicable to these types of texts – the industry application and BfR's assessment report?
2) If so, have the rules of good scientific practice been properly applied or not?
3) If not, does this constitute scientific misconduct in the form of plagiarism?
The findings
Dr Weber found that “The rules of good scientific practice are applicable in this case. Scientific misconduct was found. It was possible to identify significant fragments of text which should be classified as plagiarised text.”
Dr Weber writes that in BfR's section on genotoxicity, the institute had copied large sections of text written by Monsanto consultant Larry D. Kier, but had not mentioned their name, even though they were properly cited in Monsanto's application. The BfR authors not only failed to consult the original experimental studies cited by Kier, but also offered assessments of the studies that Kier assessed, without stating that these were Kier's judgments. Dr Weber calls this plagiarism.
In one case, Dr Weber writes, “[Kier's] statements are simply adopted verbatim, without identifying them as such and with no source citation, as if this were the assessment of the BfR. As a result, it is not clear whether the BfR had conducted its own assessments which had delivered exactly the same result as Kier's assessment.”
BfR copy-pasted sections from Monsanto's application
On carcinogenicity, too, Dr Weber found that “Summaries and assessments in this subsection were also taken verbatim from the [Monsanto's] application.” Regarding evidence of reproductive toxicity in the epidemiology studies on glyphosate and its commercial formulations, Dr Weber said, “the same practice of copy and paste is evident”.
Dr Weber tracks the process of “adopted evaluations” from Monsanto to BfR as follows:
* Kier adopts parts of Williams et al. 2000, a Monsanto-supported paper concluding that “Roundup herbicide does not pose a health risk to humans”;
* Kier themselves assesses the studies published after 2000;
* The Task Force adopts Kier's evaluations word-for-word;
* The BfR adopts Kier from the Monsanto/Task Force report uncritically and almost word-for-word, but without citation.
Dr Weber shows that BfR adopts the value judgements of Monsanto-linked authors as a result of word-for-word plagiarism.
BfR's and EFSA's excuses demolished
Dr Weber demolishes four excuses given by BfR and the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) for their plagiarism. They also anticipate and responds to another three potential excuses. A short summary of Dr Weber's reasoning on the four actual excuses is as follows.
Excuse no. 1): The citation requirement is lifted when cross-referencing the status of research.
Dr Weber responds that it is not only the status of research that has been cross-referenced, but numerous evaluation/classifications have also been adopted, without citations.
Excuse no. 2) There was a critical examination of all the details.
The BfR claims that “In Europe and worldwide, it is standard practice and recognised that in assessment procedures, not only for pesticides, after critical examination the assessing authority also integrates relevant passages from submitted documents in its assessment report.” But Dr Weber says that this integration does not free the authorities of their duty to provide citations and to distinguish between their own ideas and those of third parties.
Excuse no. 3) A ‘re-write' had not been necessary because the data were correct.
BfR argued: “Whenever the applicant correctly cites studies and interprets them in the relevant summaries in a correct manner, both in terms of the science and the methodology, in the past the European assessment authorities have had no reason to re-write such statements…”
Dr Weber responds: “It is astonishing that the BfR even considers the option of a ‘re-write', as if this would constitute good scientific practice at best. However, this is not
about paraphrasing or ‘leaving' the original text, but about failing to cite sources and about failing to identify texts written by other authors – also in the sense of optical highlighting.”
Dr Weber adds, “In the end it is all about the reader's understanding of the text: in the incriminating passages the reader has no doubt that the BfR is describing its own literature research – including presenting its methodology – and giving its own judgments, while in reality these are the judgments either of the ‘Glyphosate Task Force' or of Dr Kier.”
Excuse no. 4) When agreeing with the content it is permissible, and even standard practice, to adopt the text verbatim.
EFSA states: “If the RMS agrees with a particular summary or evaluation it may incorporate the text directly into the draft assessment report.” But Dr Weber responds: “The approach described here seems unusual: The review criteria are neither transparent, nor can the reader discern which passages come from the applicant and which from the authority. Once more it is important to stress that incorporating text passages from the application is consistent with good scientific practice only when the text passages are marked as such, i.e. visually highlighted (indentation, different font or font size, or a combination of all three, etc.) or by using quotation marks. Deviating from this norm, however, leads to the (un)culture of copy & paste and a lack of transparency.”
Principles of good scientific practice
Dr Weber sums up their findings as follows: “It is absolutely correct to call this plagiarism in the sense of scientific misconduct because the presumed author, the Federal Institute for Risk Assessment (BfR), is committed to the same principles of good scientific practice as universities, and defines the concept of plagiarism in the same way. The systematic omission of 1) indications and 2) source references over several pages can only be interpreted as deliberately concealing the origin of the text.”
Regarding the motivations for the plagiarism, Dr Weber says we can only speculate, but possible reasons range from simple time saving to understaffing and insufficient skills on the part of BfR.
They add that “In a currently sensitive and scientifically highly controversial research area such as this, it is vital to work with extreme diligence and to locate and cite the original sources without exception.”
Significant scientific misconduct
In a damning indictment of BfR's scientific independence, Dr Weber concludes: “All in all, the writers of the [BfR] report must be accused of significant scientific misconduct and of fulfilling all the definitional criteria of text plagiarism in the sense of conscious deception about the true authorship. That the rules of good scientific practice were not adhered to means that, in this case, the BfR obviously did not conduct its own assessment of the cited studies.”
This is relevant, they point out, because EU regulation requires that an independent, objective and transparent assessment be conducted. Furthermore, State Secretary Peter Bleser of the German Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Food claimed that the BfR had undertaken its own assessment.
Dr Weber's analysis raises serious question marks over claims of BfR's independence and scientific objectivity.
Report by Claire Robinson
Notes
1. The German authority BfR provided this report to the EU authorities because Germany is the rapporteur member state for glyphosate, responsible for liaising between industry and the EU authorities and member states during the re-authorization process.
1 of 15 View Captions
Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags wave in the breeze as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags wave in the breeze as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags wave in the breeze as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune The funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who was fatally shot by Corey L Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags wave in the breeze as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags wave in the breeze as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags wave in the breeze as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, who Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune Orem Home Depot employees hold flags as the funeral procession for Officer Douglas Scott B Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Cottonwood Elementary shows it's respect for Officer Douglas Scott Barney, as about 40
The attack took place shortly before midnight on Sunday, when a group of four unidentified men attacked another group of young men, police report.
Both knives and pepper spray were used during the assault. The men who were taken to hospital - aged 19 and 25 - suffered stab wounds to their upper bodies and hips. They were taken to hospital after receiving emergency treatment at Alexanderplatz
The attackers were able to flee before police arrived on the scene.
Despite being one of the main tourist hot spots in Berlin, the centrally located Alexanderplatz, home to the 368-metre Fernsehturm (television tower), has a long record of violent crime.
Figures released in March show that the number of violent offences at Alex - as it's fondly known to Berliners - remained consistent at around 600 per year between 2011 and 2015.
Ever since 20-year-old Johnny K. was beaten to death by six men in October 2012, an extra police team has been in place to watch over the tourist, shopping and travel nexus in the former East of the city.
In 2015, police registered 481 cases of assault, 62 instances of coercion and threats, 51 cases of robbery and three counts of the most serious crimes: rape, murder and homicide, some of them attempted.
Cases of pick-pocketing also increased by 54 percent between 2014 and 2015.
"We need combined supervision at Alexanderplatz; a joint effort of the public order office [Ordnungsamt], federal police [responsible for policing transport infrastructure], and city police," city representative Tom Schreiber of the Social Democrats (SPD) told The Local in March in response to the police figures.
“What do we want?” “Paved streets!” “When do we want them?” "Now!”
That's what people in Chula Vista heard as neighbors voiced their opinion of the condition of the roads in Harborside Saturday.
Protesters marched through the southwest side of the city to decry what they see as disregard on the part of the City of Chula Vista.
"We feel neglected, we feel upset, we feel that we've been lied to,” neighbor Gerard Yescas tells NBC 7 of the City.
The head of public works, Rick Hopkins, and a lieutenant with Chula Vista police toured around the area with protesters.
Organizers of the protest say they are fed up with potholes, trash and other safety hazards on the roads.
"It's not that we don't want to do the work," Hopkins says. "It's that we don't have the resources to do it, and I think we've turned the page on that, and beginning in April the city will start receiving funds and we'll see some work happening."
After the march, Organizers say the City promised to start repairs in Harborside in the next two weeks.
A couple of years ago, Lackland Air Force Base in Texas began allowing Humanists a chance to gather on their own in lieu of attending church services during Air Force Basic Training.
Given that the previous alternative to going to church used to be staying back and cleaning the dorms, this was a welcome third option.
There were only 5 attendees when the alternative program got started.
And now?
They hit a new record over the past weekend with an astonishing 270 trainees and airmen attending a meeting.
Far from being a group for just a handful of people, the program is accommodating the growing number of Nones within the Air Force, who want a place to discuss ethics and morality without having to waste their time paying homage to a supernatural deity.
The 270 attendees include trainees, graduates, and their families.
(Image via Facebook)
Coachella Music Festival and Urban Outfitters might appear as two peas in a hipster pod, but the retailer is facing a lawsuit for allegedly trying to capitalize on the event's image.
The annual California music festival told a federal court late Tuesday that Urban Outfitters Inc. through its affiliate Free People is improperly using a number of “famous” and long-registered Coachella trademarks to sell a number of products incorporating the Coachella name.
The products at issue include Free People's “Coachella Boot,” “Coachella Mini Dress,” “Coachella Pocket Tank” and “Coachella Valley Tunic.”
Although Coachella has its own range of branded goods and services, including apparel, Urban is allegedly “trading on the goodwill and fame” of the Coachella marks with the “Coachella” branded apparel and its use of Coachella as a keyword trigger in online advertising, as well as in display URLs.
“As a result, a Google search for ‘Coachella clothing' results in an advertisement for Defendants' infringing goods,” Coachella said in its complaint.
Representatives of Urban and Coachella could not be reached for comment.
Urban's use of the marks is allegedly part of an effort to “misdirect consumers” searching for Coachella and its branded products to Urban and Free People and its “unauthorized apparel.”
Coachella also has a license agreement with H&M, allowing the fast fashion retailer market a related line of jewelry and apparel, as well as Pandora AS, also for a line of jewelry, leaving Urban's allegedly infringing products to directly compete with legally sponsored goods.
While Coachella said Urban's use of its marks is likely to cause “confusion” and “deceive consumers,” it also said the misbranding will dilute the Coachella brand “by blurring or by tarnishment” and amounts to unfair competition.
Moreover, Coachella said Urban “ignored Plaintiff's demands to cease their unlawful conduct,” forcing the event to file suit in order to “protect the famous Coachella marks and to protect the public.”
Coachella added that it's April cease and desist demand “was not the first time” it had to “make such demands” of Urban.
Coachella asked the court for unspecified treble damages and for an order demanding that Urban remove from sale any infringing items and engage in “corrective advertising” to inform consumers that the festival is in no way affiliated with Urban or Free People.
Since its first show in 1999 with about 25,000 attendees, Coachella has grown to a multiday music festival that now draws estimated crowds of 600,000 and includes camping and various retail and food venues and art exhibits.
For More on Urban Outfitters, See:
Urban Outfitters Stock Drops as Investors Agree With CEO's Dire Take on Retail
Urban Outfitters Profits Sink Amid Retail Malaise
Urban Outfitters Sees Strong Online Growth In Q4
The Ottawa Senators announced today that they have re-signed defenceman Mark Borowiecki to a two-year contract. The deal is a two-way contract for the 2013-14 season, and becomes a one-way deal in 2014-15.
With the signing, the Sens now have an additional defenceman under contract after the signing of Joe Corvo on Monday.
From the official release...
Borowiecki, 23, played in six National Hockey Leagues games with the Senators in 2012-13, recording 18 penalty minutes and a plus-one rating. The Ottawa native also recorded four goals and 10 assists along with 157 penalty minutes and a plus-21 rating in 53 games with the American Hockey League's Binghamton Senators last season. They served as the B-Sens captain from Apri 8 through the remainder of the regular season and playoffs. The Senators' fifth-round pick (139th overall) in the 2008 NHL Draft, Borowiecki has been held scoreless in eight career NHL games, while they have registered nine goals, 27 assists and 290 penalty minutes over 135 career regular-season AHL games (all with Binghamton). They were a member of the B-Sens team that won the Calder Cup championship following the 2010-11 season. Borowiecki, the first Ottawa native ever drafted by the Senators, participated in the team's summer development camp on five occasions, and was named “hardest working player” for the 2011 and 2012 camps.
Borowiecki brings another physical presence to the Sens blueline and has put a lot of emphasis on developing their puck skills since being re-assigned to Binghamton on February 8. The nature of their contract suggests that you can expect to see them get some time with the big club in 2013-14 before taking a more permanent role after next season.
Mark weighed in on their signing and development as a player today after the signing was announced. Here's what they had to say...
On the new contract:
I'm really happy. I can't really say how happy I am. You know, at this point in my career this is the place I want to be and I want to be a part of this organization and it's really nice to get that deal done.
On the one-way portion of the contract:
I think the right way to look at it is regardless of what your contract status is, you still have to earn it. There's nothing given to you in this business. I think that's pretty obvious based on the number of guys you see coming and going. That attitude (one-way is an NHL guarantee) is maybe not the right attitude to have going into a season regardless of whether you have a one-way or not. I know for me, obviously I'm happy about it, it's just more of a push for me to make that next step and hopefully have the odds stacked in my favour.
On the Joe Corvo signing:
I try to be even-keeled about it -- I'm sure you hear that from every guy who you ask a question to like that -- but you see it and it's just part of the game. Teams are going to sign guys, management has things they need to do. Obviously any time I guy you could be competing with gets signed you take notice, but you can't really dwell on stuff. It's just another challenge for me.
On improving their game:
I know for me there's definitely some stuff I need to work on. I need to get more confident with the puck -- that's a big thing for me, especially the way the game is played now. You need to be able to move the puck quickly and that's something that I really work on in Binghamton. If I do end up there this year that's something I can really focus on and hopefully make that a bigger part of my game.
On their development since they were sent down:
When I got sent down, obviously you're a little bummed anytime you get sent down. I really told myself -- and I talked to my parents about it and my girlfriend and everyone pretty much -- that maybe this is a good chance for me to really go after it and really work on that part (puck skills) of my game. There's really nothing to lose. I really tried to step up and contribute a little more on the offensive side and really work on being more confident. I think that's the biggest thing, you have to know you can make those plays and be confident to do them. I think it was something I worked on and I think it came along pretty well.
On working with Luke Richardson:
He's awesome. Any guy who has played for them will say the same thing. He's just really easily approachable as a player, he's a true player's coach. They know a lot, especially being a defenceman cut from the same mold -- as a defenceman he's kind of the same player I want to be and to have them around to give you tips and work on small things, even after practice, every practice he's pulling guys aside and we're working on small things. I think that's important and he's great to have.
On power play time:
I kind of bounce around in Binghamton on and off the power play. I think it's a good thing to do even though I may not project as a power play player at the NHL level -- it's always good to get that confidence level. It's good to round out your game and having that little bit of experience helps.
On their summer training:
I'm in with Chris Schwarz and a few of the other guys who are in town here. I've been with Schwarzy for probably the past five years now and they have helped me a lot, I can't say enough about them and their assistant Rob Mouland, they do good work with us. We work hard but we work smart, too. I think it has always been a good fit for me.
On starting their skating regimen:
We start skating within the next week. We start out slow and really build our way up into training camp. It's good to have those guys around. I know there are a few other guys who used to play in the NHL who are still in Ottawa too. They'll be doing some skill sessions and stuff so that's something I'm going to try and make the most of. When I'm on the ice I use my time wisely and really get out there to work on my skills.
On their physical play and fighting:
It's something that I work on. I'm going to start up some boxing here too. It's not the kind of thing where you can go out and say, 'I'm going to stop getting engaged physically' or 'I'm going to try and ramp it up.' The way I play just sort of comes to you and you just have to take it as it comes. You look at my penalty minutes and might think that I just go running around and stuff but really I don't go looking for it too much, it's just the way I play. When you put someone down, someone's going to come challenge you. You have to be ready to go and it's a big part of the game to be able to have that physical presence. It's something that I think gives me a role.
On their boxing training:
I work with a few guys. Right now I'm working alone, more with Guy Ouelette, they work with a lot of the Ottawa guys, so they come in every once in a while. It's just little things, I've got a heavy bag in my garage too so I just work on that and it's just stuff to keep you sharp because with that type of thing you don't want t be caught sleeping.
On their fighting record:
We'll call it half and half... I think for me not being the biggest guy in the world it's important to work on that stuff technically. I'm pretty intense and I'm a pretty strong guy for my size, but sometimes it's tough, you get overmatched with bigger guys. I think it's important for me to work this summer to really work on the technical stuff. That's where being around a guy like Chris Neil helps. It's not an easy thing to do and to be doing it for that long as they have and be successful at it -- they have some good tricks and it's nice to be able to match up against some of the bigger guys.
On Fredrick Claesson winning the Hardest Working award at Development Camp:
Freddy's a great guy. He's probably one of the team's favourites in Bingo this year. He's got a great personality, they do work very, very, very hard. He's out there every practice -- he's one of the guys who work with Luke a lot on the little things. It's not a knock against Europeans by any means, but they don't play like a European defenceman, they play like a Canadian defenceman and that's great to see. I didn't play much with them at even strength this year but we killed penalties a lot together. He's a great player, he's really smart, he's sound defensively and he's definitely a hard worker.
On Alfredsson leaving:
I'm not really sure I can comment on that. It's always surprising to see a guy like that leave but it's every player's right to do what they feel is necessary.
(CNN) After competing in "The Biggest Loser," many of the reality-show contestants have reluctantly regained the weight they sought to lose through extreme dieting and exercise.
"The truth is, I kind of spiraled," Ali Vincent, the first woman to win the competition, told Oprah last year. "I got home and I was like, 'What do I do?'
"I'm supposed to be strong. I'm supposed to know how to do this."
But some contestants discovered for themselves the key to keeping their weight down long after the cameras turned off, according to a study published Monday.
Six years after appearing on the show, a group of 14 contestants had kept off a median 13% of their original body weight. The researchers split the group in two -- the "maintainers," who had kept a substantial amount of the weight off, and the "regainers," who did not -- and looked at what set them apart.
"Did they cut more calories from their diet ... or did they become more physically active?" asked study author Kevin Hall , a senior investigator with the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.
Hall had been "puzzled by how quickly the contestants were losing weight." So they contacted the show's physician and began studying the season eight contestants.
Early on, Hall observed that weight loss was better predicted by food intake, not physical activity alone. But in the long term, the opposite was true.
"You have to be very physically active in order to keep the weight off," Hall said.
The "maintainers," who kept off about 25% of their preshow weight on average, increased their physical activity by roughly 160% from before the competition. Those who regained the weight increased their activity only 34%. They were 1.1% heavier on average than their original weight.
The researchers couldn't find any major differences between the food intake of both groups; both cut their calories by about the same amount.
"While we know that the most important aspect of helping one lose weight is the dietary intake, that is pretty much reversed when it comes to weight loss maintenance," said Dr. Jennifer Kraschnewski , associate professor of medicine and public health sciences at the Penn State College of Medicine. They were not involved in the study.
Hall's findings echo previous studies that promote more exercise for long-term weight loss maintenance. However, experts caution that doesn't mean people can neglect their diets in the long run, either.
To maintain the weight loss, Hall's team estimated that contestants would need to engage in 80 minutes of moderate activity or 35 minutes of vigorous activity each day beyond what they were doing at baseline.
The researchers didn't observe the contestants working out directly. They used tools like traceable water molecules to figure out how much energy was expended -- the "gold standard" measurements in this type of research, Kraschnewski said. Many larger studies have instead asked people to self-report how much they exercised, which can be riddled with errors.
This method, however, was not able to tell how much of the physical activity was due to normal daily activities -- like cleaning the house or walking the dog -- versus following a workout plan, Hall said.
Part of the reason the contestants' weight rebounded was because of "metabolic slowing," Hall said. As contestants lost weight during the competition, their bodies burned fewer calories than expected.
"This can make it more difficult to lose weight and is another hurdle to overcome," Kraschnewski said. After going on a very low-calorie diet, "the body's mechanisms kick in to preserve body mass at all costs."
Six years later, however, the contestants' resting metabolisms still hadn't sped back up, Hall showed in a study last year.
This is a stark difference from people who have had gastric bypass surgery for weight loss, whose metabolisms may speed back up in a year's time, Kraschnewski said. Researchers are trying to figure out why this is -- and it may have something to do with the intricate connections between the gut, brain and hormones that regulate hunger, Kraschnewski added.
For Hall, metabolic changes are just one part of the puzzle. Genetics may also play a role, as well as social factors that can make it hard for some people to incorporate so much exercise in their daily lives.
"To do that requires a huge investment of time and energy," they said. "The bar is set very high for those folks to be able to maintain the weight loss without surgery or drugs."
Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
Hall added that it's not necessarily those who were most physically active during the competition who kept it up six years later.
"You can't really reproduce the expectation that those individuals must have had on the show to lose weight -- the pressure," Kraschnewski said.
"The take-home point here is that obesity really is a disease," they said. "It's not something that you can treat once and will cure it. It's something that has to be continually addressed in one's life."
A recall election against three Fullerton City Council members can go forward, officials announced Monday.
The Orange County registrar of voters has verified that enough valid signatures were turned in by recall proponents to call for a recall election against F. Richard Jones, Don Bankhead and Pat McKinley.
The City Council is slated to certify the signatures at its Feb. 21 meeting and will need to pick a date for the election.
City Clerk Lucinda Williams said in a statement that if the council decides to hold the recall in conjunction with the June 5 primary, the cost to the city will be $129,000 to $160,000, while calling a special election would come with a price tag of $269,000 to $301,000.
A group led by blogger and developer Tony Bushala launched the recall effort in the fall in the wake of public outrage over a series of scandals involving the Fullerton Police Department, most notably the death of a homeless man, Kelly Thomas, in a beating incident that led to criminal charges against two officers.
The recall effort was largely bankrolled by Bushala, who put nearly $150,000 of their own money into the effort.
The largest contributions to the anti-recall campaign came from police organizations, including the Fullerton Police Officers Assn. PAC, which gave $19,000 out of nearly $62,000 raised. The Peace Officers Research Assn. of California PAC, a federation of law enforcement associations, contributed $10,000. McKinley and Bankhead are both former Fullerton police officers, and McKinley is a former chief of the department.
Fullerton citizens interested in running for the seats that would be vacated if the recall is successful should contact the city C=clerk's office at CityClerk'sOffice@ci.fullerton.ca.us or at (714) 738-6350. The filing fee is $25, with an optional $1,200 to place a candidate statement on the ballot. The cutoff date is March 9.
ALSO:
Heartbreak, jealousy led LAPD detective to kill, prosecutor says
Gay-marriage backers eagerly await appeals court's Prop. 8 ruling
Officials trying to 'restore calm' at school where teachers arrested
-- Abby Sewell
The possibility of building a baseball stadium at the site of the former Montreal Children's Hospital has some wondering: Where else in the city would a ballpark work?
Developer Luc Poirier sparked the discussion by raising the possibility of a baseball stadium at Atwater Street and René Lévesque Boulevard after acquiring the 1.4-million square foot property.
But there are several other locations around the city that have been floated as possibilities.
Other possible locations
A study from 2013 gave high marks to the former Montreal Children's Hospital as a possible site for a future baseball stadium.
In a 2013 study by Ernst & Young, the Children's Hospital site stacked up well against former Blue Bonnets on Decarie Boulevard, as well as a site near the Bonaventure Expressway and another at the Peel Basin.
The study noted that the Bonaventure Expressway site lacks public transit, although some light rail might be built in the future.
The Wellington Basin site, also south of downtown, lacks public transportation but has the advantage of not requiring any demolition or expropriation.
The report notes that the old Blue Bonnets site on Decarie is 10 km from downtown and is not within walking distance. However, no demolition or expropriation would be required at that site.
The study urged Montreal to follow the Minnesota Twins' experience, as Minneapolis–St. Paul has a similar population and also came close to losing its team after fans slowly soured on the older stadium.
The new Target Field has been a success, which has injected money into the area around the stadium, the study notes.
The case for and against an Atwater ballpark
Luc Poirier, the new owner of the former Montreal Children's Hospital site, says they are open to using the 1.4-million square foot property for a major league baseball stadium. (Bing Maps) Ernst & Young study noted that the Children's Hospital site is in the heart of the city and is easily reached by Metro. The 62-page& Young study noted that the Children's Hospital site is in the heart of the city and is easily reached by Metro.
One close observer agreed that the location has some major upsides.
"It's a wonderful location for a stadium," said Robert Libman, an architect who has worked with the Montreal Baseball Project.
"It has the aura of being the near the old Montreal Forum, and it's easily accessible to downtown – if, architecturally, you could find a way to fit it on the site," said Libman.
"But it's thought to be a little too small."
There is considerable support from the top, as Mayor Denis Coderre has been a major proponent of the return of Major League Baseball to Montreal.
But even that has its limits, as Libman, a former Montreal executive committee member, noted.
"The mayor can really push it with great momentum, but there are regulatory hurdles, a zoning modification process, citizen consultations – and borough and city council has to be on board," they said.
Expos' boosters skeptical
Many believe Montreal needs to replace the Olympic Stadium before it can get another Major League Baseball team. (Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press) Some of the keenest supporters of the return of the Expos are not sold on the idea of a ballpark near Atwater, telling CBC Montreal's Daybreak on Tuesday that a different site might be a better bet.
"It's not the ideal situation but certainly something you could look at," said Marc Griffin, a former major league player who now works on TV as a baseball analyst.
Warren Cromartie, a former Expo who has tirelessly lobbied for the return of the team through their Montreal Baseball Project, was also skeptical.
"I just think it's too small," they told Daybreak. Cromartie said that in spite of the limited options, there is still hope that a different location will emerge.
"We're honing down on a couple of sites, and we don't want to get the public into a frenzy."
Other small ballparks
A ballpark at the Atwater site would be a tight fit.
Here are some comparisons, according to unofficial measurements taken from Google Maps.
Creating a stop motion music video by photographing a boatload of physical prints is nothing new, but what happens if you add gasoline and fire to the mix?
That's what visual artist Christophe Thockler decided to do in creating the music video above for the song “Why Won't You” by Victoria+Jean. Each of the prints seen in the video is on fire.
Thockler made 400 prints for the video, and then used 2.6 gallons of gasoline and 2.2 pounds of powder to cover the prints with flames and sparks. The melting prints and film strips were captured in 8,500 stop motion photos. The artist writes,
With this video, I wanted to do something I had never done before, a sort of metaphorically sensual piece of work. If you pay close attention to details (spherical elements, flames dancing, getting closer and mixing, bursts of fire, sparkles exploding in tunnels…) and to how the video is semiotically constructed, like a climax with epiphany moments, it should become a bit obvious.
Thockler says they first had the idea of creating a stop motion video with flames after creating one that features 40 blocks of ice melting over 36,000 photographs:
This second video was selected three years ago as a Vimeo Staff Pick for its creativity.
(H/T Boing Boing)
“The United States can pay any debt it has because we can always print money to do that. So there is zero probability of default.” ~Alan Greenspan
“I thought about the core tools we EHMs (economic hit men) used in my day: false economics that included distorted financial analyses, inflated projections, and rigged accounting books; secrecy, deception, threats, bribes, and extortion; false promises that we never intended to honor; and enslavement through debt and fear. These same tools are used today.” ~John Perkins, The New Confessions of an Economic Hit Man
“Is earth an open or closed economy? I went to business school, I worked on Wall Street for eleven years, you know I've been involved in the economy my whole life and the whole time I was invited to assume that earth was a closed economy. So, if we issued debt, then other humans owned that debt. If we issued stock, other humans owned that stock. But if you look at all the economic experiences I've had over my whole life, in government, businesses, everything else, what I will tell you is, you know, if you ask me to describe the economic model on planet earth, I would say, ‘well planet earth is a real estate investment trust because we're paying a dividend some place every year, and I don't know where it's going. It's going into that question mark, on the planetary balance sheet.” [Source]
“Let me bring it down to some of the important questions you have to ask if you ask the question,‘is this an open or closed economy.' I got great statistics on who would issue debt, but for the life of me I couldn't get great statistics on who owned it. I don't know who owns it. I know they control. And they control through the debt because that's how you control a company in invisible ways, by controlling through the debt. Who owns the debt? Is it humans, or is it somebody else?” ~Catherine Austin Fitts
“Some people say that gold is the currency that will allow us to trade across planets, but for the life of me, I've spent many years trying to figure out what the gold inventory is on this planet, and I can't do it. In 2011, somebody jammed the price of gold down, and then moved an unbelievable amount of inventory out of the single largest inventory in the overt economy for the GLD ETF.” ~Catherine Austin Fitts
As nations like Greece are forced into austerity and unnecessary hardship by private banks, it is becoming ever more clear to the people of the world that debt-based currency is being used to conquer nations and enslave free people. The fiat money scheme is so absurd, so detrimental to human progress, that any sane person has to wonder why the global debt cannot just be written off with a few key strokes, allowing the world's economy to again thrive.In fact it can be written off, as was implied by former Federal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan In other words, the money, ie., the debt, is meaningless, only having value if governments around the world use law and the violence of authority to enforce their citizens into payment of these fraudulent obligations, which is indeed happening the world over.After years of investigative research into the trillions of dollars missing from the U.S. government , former Wall Street banker and former Assistant Secretary of Housing and Federal Housing Commissioner at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in the first Bush Administration , Catherine Austin Fitts has come to the conclusion that global debt may very well be owned by off-planet entities who operate planet earth as a real estate investment.While they admit that they themselves do not have the answer to this rather serious question, the fact that each year a major portion of the world's productivity evaporates into thin air, with no accountability whatsoever, does indeed beg this question to be asked by any serious economist. Even the government accounting agencies responsible for tracking and recording our expenditures can do nothing to answer the question. The money simply vanishes, the debt grows exponentially, and no one can explain who exactly the beneficiary is.We have a decent idea of who controls the world's debt (the central banks, the IMF, and the private banking families ), and we assume that these entities own this debt, but the cost to humanity is so great that something simply does not add up, unless the picture is broadened to include the possibility that earthlings are paying rent to other, as of yet undisclosed actors.It's almost as if someone bought the moon, they point out, yet there is absolutely no agency on our planet that can explain astronomically huge transactions like these nor bring accountability to the billions of people who are being subjugated by a slavish debt-currency system.So who owns our debt? It is a practical and key question, given the impact the carrying of such tremendous amounts of debt has on the human condition, and how easy it could be to free ourselves and future generations from such unreasonable, criminal bondage by simply adjusting a few digits on a computer screen. The fact that this option is not on the table in any discussion at any level is itself telling.
A federal magistrate is tossing a Las Vegas search warrant that led to the arrest of as many as eight people accused of running an illegal, online bookmaking operation last year from posh villas at Caesar's Palace. The court found that the Federal Bureau of Investigation's warrant application was "fatally flawed" and was "supplemented with material omissions."
To obtain a search warrant, the authorities cut DSL access and posed as the cable guy, gathering evidence along the way that made up the basis for the bulk of a search warrant that resulted in the arrest of high-stakes gambler Paul Phua, their son Darren, and others.
Magistrate Judge Peggy Leen ruled that the failure to mention that the original case was born from the "ruse" meant the judge who signed a search warrant this summer didn't have all of the facts. Nowhere in the search warrant request, however, did the authorities mention that they allegedly saw illegal wagering on computers after posing as technicians who in reality briefly disconnected the DSL.
"The investigators' suspicions that Phua was engaged in illegal sports betting at Caesars Palace may be borne out by the evidence recovered in the execution of the warrant," Magistrate Judge Peggy Leen ruled "However, a search warrant is never validated by what its execution recovers."
The magistrate's decision is not final and must be approved by a district court judge. The government alleges that the elder Phua, who is a 50-year-old Malaysian, is a "high-ranking member" (PDF) of the 14K Triad specializing in loan sharking, illegal gambling, prostitution, and drug trafficking—an allegation they deny.
The other defendants have reached misdemeanor plea deals. The father and son did not reach a plea deal.
Consent "obtained by ruse"
While the ruling may ultimately doom the prosecution, a separate ruling Monday from Magistrate Leen might bolster the government's ability to gain access to property while posing as the cable guy.
Recall that the authorities built, in part, their case for a search warrant [PDF] by turning off Internet access in three villas shared by the eight individuals arrested. At various points, an agent of the FBI and a Nevada gaming official posed as cable technicians, secretly filming while gathering evidence of what they allege was a bookmaking ring where "hundreds of millions of dollars in illegal bets" on World Cup soccer were taking place.
The investigation began this summer when the defendants started requesting a substantial amount of electronic equipment and Internet connections from Caesars Palace staff, the government said. A technician was suspicious and alerted casino security that a bookmaking operation might be underway, the government said in court papers.
When responding to a defense challenge, Magistrate Leen ruled that the authorities did not breach the Phuas' constitutional rights because they granted the agents consent to come into the villa even though "their consent was obtained by ruse."
"The agents did not exceed the scope of the consent they were given when they were admitted posing as technicians to repair a DSL disruption they created as a ruse to obtain entry," Leen ruled.
That was also the position the government had taken.
The government provided the Las Vegas judge presiding over the case with a laundry list of legal precedent in which the government employed a ruse to gain access to a dwelling. In 1966, the Supreme Court said it was OK for an agent to pretend to be a drug buyer to get inside a home. In 1980, the courts upheld an agent posing as a drug dealer's chauffeur. In 1982, an agent posed as the cousin of an informant to get inside a suspect's residence. In 1987, government agents posing as real estate investors accessed a suspect's bedroom and closet. In 1989, an undercover officer posed as a UPS delivery man to get inside a home suspected of manufacturing methamphetamine.
Like the magistrate's other ruling, Leen's decision is a recommendation to a district court judge and not final.
Man accused in murder-for-hire plot now accused in second plot
Gregory Hess, 46, is back in York County Prison just 12 days after they were released on $10 million bail.Photos: Recent Susquehanna Valley arrestsHess was arrested in April and charged with hiring a police informant to kill a friend of their estranged wife.According to the latest criminal affidavit, Hess is now charged with hiring an inmate they were incarcerated with to kill the police informant from the first case.Police say Hess provided the inmate with a Harrisburg address for the police informant along with a partial name and cell phone numbers for both Hess and their 18-year-old son Toby.Toby Hess was also arrested and charged with taking a cell picture of the informant during Hess's first preliminary hearing, a picture police say was to be used by the second informant to identify the man they were allegedly hired to kill. Toby Hess was booked and is being held on $250,000 bail.Gregory Hess is back in jail. This time their bail was denied.
Gregory Hess, 46, is back in York County Prison just 12 days after they were released on $10 million bail.
Photos: Recent Susquehanna Valley arrests
Advertisement Related Content Man now accused in three murder-for-hire plots
Hess was arrested in April and charged with hiring a police informant to kill a friend of their estranged wife.
According to the latest criminal affidavit, Hess is now charged with hiring an inmate they were incarcerated with to kill the police informant from the first case.
Police say Hess provided the inmate with a Harrisburg address for the police informant along with a partial name and cell phone numbers for both Hess and their 18-year-old son Toby.
Toby Hess was also arrested and charged with taking a cell picture of the informant during Hess's first preliminary hearing, a picture police say was to be used by the second informant to identify the man they were allegedly hired to kill. Toby Hess was booked and is being held on $250,000 bail.
Gregory Hess is back in jail. This time their bail was denied.
AlertMe
Labour's lead is down to three points according to the latest Guardian/ICM poll as data shows that the combined score for the three main parties is at an all-time low.
Ed Miliband's party is not trusted to run the recovering economy, but the modest Tory rise is accompanied by rising concern about the NHS, seen by voters as the No 1 issue.
The Conservatives gain two points to reach 30%, while Labour remains unchanged at 33%. The Liberal Democrats fall back three points to just 11%.
“The parties we used to relegate to the margins with the term ‘others' are now moving centre stage,” said Martin Boon of ICM. “The combined forces of all those outside the old LibLabCon triopoly has never been stronger during three decades of Guardian/ICM polling.”
Ukip is also down three points at 11%, while the big winners of the latest monthly telephone survey are the Greens, up four points on December to 9%, their highest level for over 20 years according to ICM data. Other smaller parties, most importantly the Scottish National party, have also advanced this month – the SNP's combined score inches up one to 7%.
With the media dominated by reports of the winter pressures facing the NHS, the health service has cemented its place among the public as the most important policy topic for the election. When respondents were pushed on which single issue would be most important to their vote last October, the NHS was already top. But with growing queues at A&E, it is now more important than ever. Of those polled, 31% name the NHS as their top priority, a rise of seven points since autumn.
The salience of most other issues falls – with second-place immigration dropping back one to 19%, and “jobs, prices and wages” sinking three to 14%. The declining political significance of the economy appears to be the flipside of easing financial anxieties.
Right through the credit crunch, ICM ran a tracker question about people's confidence in “the economy, your finances and ability to keep up with the cost of living”, and frequently totted up large net negative scores. But by September 2013, the economic optimists and pessimists were evenly matched, respectively numbering 50% and 49%. Today, the mood is much more upbeat – with 61% of Britons saying that they are confident, and just 38% saying that they are not.
This recovering economic mood is sapping strength from Labour: only 15% now say they would trust Ed Balls and Ed Miliband as the team best able to manage the economy properly. By contrast a far higher proportion, 37%, put their faith in David Cameron and George Osborne, giving the Tories a record 22-point advantage on the economic question, which they hope will be decisive in May. But the electorate is not in a mood for gratitude: another 44% of respondents say that they would trust neither team.
And as economic anxieties ease, worries about the health service intensify. Only 11% of voters believe it is working well, against 22% who judge it is feeling the squeeze but coping. That compares with 28% who believe it to be “struggling and not delivering services it should”, and an even more worried 36% who believe it isn't coping at all, and “in danger of ceasing to exist in the form that Britain has known it”.
While health continues to be a Conservative weakness, the Tories can take some comfort from a question regarding the blame game for rising A&E waits. A substantial minority, 38%, blame “reforms and financial choices” made by the coalition, but a slender majority – 52% – regard the root problem as being “budgetary pressures and mismanagement which would be much the same under any government”.
With many pundits now predicting another hung parliament after May, respondents were also asked about what they would want to happen if there is no clear winner. Go-it-alone minority governments emerge as particularly unpopular, with only 8% favouring the Conservatives trying to rule without a majority, and an even smaller sliver of 3% of electors favouring a minority Labour administration.
Among various multiparty ruling configurations, the most popular option – preferred by 19% – was a Labour-led administration including both the SNP and the Greens. The second most popular option would be a Conservative-Ukip coalition – the choice of 15% – while a Labour-Lib Dem coalition and a second Conservative–Lib Dem arrangement were each preferred by 13%. A “grand coalition” of Labour and the Conservatives is preferred by 9%.
“England may not love coalitions”, said Boon, “but it is certainly learning to live with the idea of multiparty government. Voters' views on what should happen in a hung parliament – with a large majority preferring some form of multiparty rule – bear out the overall message of this month's poll. The old political tribes are losing their grip.”
ICM interviewed a random sample of 1,002 adults aged 18+ by telephone on 16–19 January 2015. Interviews were conducted across the country and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults. ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules.
Coffee: the world's most popular drink. Last year, Americans consumed up to 150 billion cups of coffee and 54% of all Americans, aged over 18, drunk at least one cup of coffee a day. However let us look beyond the simple cup of Joe and bear witness to a world of mavericks and artists. A world where rising stars fight the established darlings of the industry. A world where lives can change in 15 minutes and 12 drinks. Prepare yourself for the world of Drip.
In this project, the Drip team are set to reveal the journeys of the newest stars of the barista world as they battle through the Regional, National, and World Barista Championships. So what are these fantastical championships you ask? Every year thousands of baristas compete to see who can make the world's best coffee. Their challenge is to make 12 stunning coffee drinks (four espresso, four cappuccinos, and four signature drinks) in just 15 minutes to be judged on its technical and sensory accomplishments. To understand the intense level of scrutiny these competitors face, look at the judges score sheet for their drinks (sensory and technical). As the Kickstarter wisely summarises “it's like the Olympics of the coffee world”.
Coffee is rarely witnessed in its truest form in our usual pit stops of a Starbucks, Costa or McDonald's. For the majority of us, the art of the king of caffeine is never witnessed or consumed and even more of us would admit they were not aware there was even a world championship for baristas. The filmmakers explain how the production of Drip , “started as a journey for a love of coffee it soon became a fascinating story about the people who dedicate their lives to trying to please others sip by sip.” Best of all, they are set to present the coffee world with all its glorious trimmings through its plethora of quirky, colorful personalities trying to push the limits of a single beverage.
The world of baristas is equal parts exciting and intriguing yet dreams and stories only intrigue so far; this Kickstarter requires $50,000 to make their project a reality. They've got this far through their own pockets and IOUs but now it's time to reach out to the people to get them over the finish line. The team admits that whilst they've shot a lot of footage, the story still needs its final pieces to complete the pictures. Alongside this, they have to achieve a full post production service on the documentary: edit, colour correction, captions and audio. However, this is the first Kickstarter I have seen that actually completely outlines where their money will be spent (see below). Colour me impressed.
The team have explained where the money will go and the project is well worth your time yet with all Kickstarter projects, you have to ask: “what's in it for me?” The team have created some phenomenal rewards for those who decide to back the team. They have rewards ranging from coffee mugs & beans, T-shirts, wallpapers with the highest backers receiving connections with the film/TV industry, coffee tours in LA and a private person coffee tasting session. With the project achieving over 500 backers (at the point of writing), it's clear that the online community has bought into this world with great enthusiasm and funds.
In a recent LA Times interview, director Rock Baijnut explained that for Drip “we set out to do for coffee what “Sideways” did for wine. Maybe people will have espresso parties at their houses and watch the movie.” The whole attitude of this project can only endear you further, which would explain why several leading US publications have featured it, its set to reach its impressive target with ease and was chosen as Kickstarter's Project of the Day.
Further to this, the entire crew all have past experiences working with studios such as HBO, Asylum, and Lionsgate. Using their past experience, they understand the pitfalls of film making and documentaries in general, and they pledge that they will deliver Drip in a timely and high quality fashion. Therefore our humble site would like to further extend the production's funding to ensure this project can fulfill all of its ambitions and potential. Make sure to check out the Kickstarter page, and watch the trailer below. Mark our words: this is exactly the kind of refreshing documentary today's movie market needs.
There's a purge of spies underway in Moscow, where two high-ranking Russian security service agents, a cybersecurity expert and a fourth man have been charged with treason for passing along secrets to American intelligence, according to a lawyer defending one of the men.
The men were charged "with treason in favor of the United States," said Ivan Pavlov, the lawyer for one of the defendants.
So far, the counterintelligence raid is targeting computer security professionals -- men once trusted with Russian government secrets about hacking operations.
The crackdown comes shortly after the U.S. intelligence officials in October officially accused Russia of using hackers to try steering the presidential election to Donald Trump. American officials have never stated that Russian government insiders gave them information that led to that accusation.
Several national experts, who do not have direct knowledge of American intelligence operations, suspect that Russian government insiders did leak information and that this Russian crackdown is a result of that.
Russia's Interfax news agency, which quoted anonymous sources, said both FSB officers are accused of passing confidential information to the CIA.
However, other media reports in Russia, also quoting unnamed sources, claim these men have been arrested for taking part in a hacking ring that targeted Russian officials.
The two government agents were arrested in December and were officials in the FSB -- the nation's top security agency that was once known as the KGB. One was Sergei Mikhailov, head of the FSB Information Security Centre. The other was their deputy, Dmitry Dokuchayev. Russian media outlets have been reporting the treason charges in recent days, citing anonymous sources.
Russian security teams also arrested an employee of Russian internet security firm Kaspersky Lab. Ruslan Stoyanov was the head of the company's computer incidents investigation team, where they oversaw hacking investigations.
In a statement, Kaspersky said they were under investigation "for a period predating their employment at Kaspersky Lab." They had joined the company in July 2012, according to their LinkedIn profile. Kaspersky also insisted it has "no political ties to any government."
Pavlov would not disclose the identity of their client, the fourth man arrested. Pavlov told CNN that the charges against their client include providing help to "several special services of the United States."
Under Article 275 of the Russian Criminal Code, treason is punishable by 12 to 20 years in prison.
The Kremlin has declined to confirm any details of the case. U.S. officials would not comment on the reported arrests.
Several American security experts, including those formerly employed by the U.S. National Security Agency, fear for the safety of these prisoners.
Paul Rosenzweig, once the Department of Homeland Security's deputy assistant secretary for policy, recently speculated that these men could be killed for providing information to the United States.
"Their blood may be on our hands," Rosenzweig wrote last week in a widely read national security blog.
CNN's Evan Perez and Simon Ostrovsky contributed to this report.
It is of course vitally important that Christians not associate an economic system with the good news of God's saving intervention in Jesus Christ. The same is true, of course, for social justice theories and the like. This is undoubtedly a temptation during election cycles where important secular matters lie in the balance. This is not to say that Christians cannot have views of these things. But while we follow the ups and downs of the campaign trail, we should always differentiate between the secular good and the spiritual good. In God's wisdom, a terrible election result for America (however we conceive this) may be God's plan through which they restore the lost through faith in Jesus. Spiritually, Christians are "in season and out of season" folks, prayerfully seeking to use every context to convince sinners of their need for Christ's redeeming blood. Capitalism has nothing to offer in this respect, despite whatever economic boons it may otherwise provide.
Having hopefully cleared up the idea that I associate capitalism with the gospel, there were a couple of other criticisms that might be helpfully addressed. One charge was that I did not distinguish between nuanced varieties of socialism. This is true, although I thought my focus on Bernie Sanders' style American socialism was pretty clear. Second, I admit that it was Communists who built walls around their countries (although I would point out the second S in USSR as supporting my claim that socialists have done this). On a third note, may I humbly request that we stop making charges of ninth commandment violations every time someone writes something that we don't like or agree with? Despite their fantastic projections that have transformed me into a caricature of what Robertson does not like about America, I do not think that they have intended to bear false witness.
In the end, I don't know whether to be honored or dismayed by the length and hysteria applied to my short blog post. What I do know is how much I respect and honor David Robertson as an outstanding Christian and I will continue to pray for them in their apologetic labors on behalf of the gospel in the land of Scotland.
Starting Monday, California employers can no longer ask most job applicants about their criminal records until a conditional offer has been made, and can't ask any job seekers about their salary history unless the applicant volunteers this information.
These are two of more than two dozen state workplace laws passed in 2017 that take effect in the new year.
Another one will require employers with 20 to 49 employees to give eligible employees up to 12 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave to bond with a new child within the first 12 months of the child's birth, adoption or foster placement. Larger employers in California already had this requirement.
The statewide minimum wage also will go up by 50 cents per hour Monday to $10.50 per hour for employers with 25 or fewer workers and to $11 per hour for employers with 26 or more employees. That increase was mandated under a 2016 law that is gradually increasing the minimum wage to $15 per hour. Some California cities already have higher minimum wages.
Experts say the most significant new law is AB1008, the California Fair Chance Act. It prohibits public- and private-sector employers with five or more employees from seeking information about a prospective worker's criminal history in job applications or interviews or running a criminal background check until a “conditional offer of employment” has been made. The goal is to reduce recidivism by preventing employers from rejecting ex-offenders out of hand.
The act goes further than California's existing “ban-the-box” law, which prevents employers from asking applicants about arrest records that did not result in a conviction, juvenile offenses, expunged convictions and nonfelony marijuana-possession convictions more than 2 years old. The existing law also prohibits state and local government agencies (but not companies or federal agencies) from asking applicants about criminal convictions until the agency determined that the applicant meets minimum employment qualifications.
The old and new laws exempt certain positions, such as those where a criminal background check is required by law.
Under the new law, once an employer has made a job offer contingent on a background check, it may seek an applicant's conviction record, but must take certain steps before it can rescind the offer. It must conduct an “individualized assessment” that considers the “nature and gravity” of the offense, how old it is and whether it's relevant to the job. Before withdrawing the offer, the employer must give the applicant a copy of the conviction record and at least five business days to dispute it or provide evidence of rehabilitation. The employer must consider any response and notify the candidate in writing if it still revokes the offer.
In 2012, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission published “guidance” recommending that employers nationwide conduct this type of individualized assessment to prevent inadvertent discrimination against people based on their race or national origin. Studies have shown that African Americans and Latinos are arrested and incarcerated at higher rates than whites and Asians.
However, California's new law “is more robust and protective” than the EEOC guidance, said Chaya Mandelbaum, a San Francisco attorney who represents employees. Guidance is not binding on courts the way statutes are, and an agency can reinterpret its past guidance, “as we have seen in other contexts with the new administration,” they said. More importantly, the individualized assessment is mandatory under the new state law.
Thirty states and about 150 cities or counties have passed ban-the-box legislation, but California's new law is one of the strongest because rejected applicants can file a complaint with the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing to enforce it and, if necessary, go to court, said Maurice Emsellem of the National Employment Law Project.
It goes further than San Francisco's ordinance, which lets employers consider an applicant's criminal record during the first live interview and applies to employers with at least 20 workers.
The new law will help ex-convicts even before they get out of prison because it will “give them the opportunity to dream they could have a different life,” said Dorsey Nunn, executive director of Legal Services for Prisoners with Children in San Francisco, who campaigned for it.
Michael Hannigan, president of Give Something Back, also supported it. Their Oakland company, which sells wholesale office supplies, has donated more than 70 percent of its profits to nonprofits and plans to ultimately donate 100 percent.
“We hire the best people for the job,” including those with criminal records and other barriers to employment, Hannigan said.
It has never run criminal background checks on job applicants, but will check their driving record if its insurance company requires it. The company has hired ex-offenders through agencies that help them find jobs and had to fire one who later got arrested for an off-the-job crime. Its open-minded employment policy “has not adversely affected our ability to be a very competitive company,” Hannigan said.
A report published by the Urban Institute this year summarized research on ban-the-box policies in cities and states that have adopted them. It found some evidence that they increase callback rates for job applicants with criminal records but little evidence that their hiring rates actually improve.
It also found a potential negative unintended consequence. One study found that after New York City and New Jersey banned the box, “the disparities in callbacks between black and white applicants jumped from white applicants receiving 7 percent more callbacks than black applicants to 45 percent more.” The reason could be that “as information about potential job applicants is restricted, employers may shift their decision-making cues to other sources,” which could include “relying on racist stereotypes, a form of illegal discrimination,” the report said.
Another new workplace law with broad impact is AB168. It prohibits all public- and private-sector California employers from asking about a job applicant's current or prior salary in job applications, interviews and through outside recruiters. They also cannot consider salary history in determining whether to hire someone, unless the applicant voluntarily discloses the information.
It also requires employers to give an applicant, upon request, the pay scale for the position. The main goal is to stop the perpetuation of gender pay gaps from one job to the next.
Another new law, SB63, requires California employers with 20 or more employees to give up to 12 weeks of unpaid, job-protected job leave to eligible workers to bond with a new child. They also must maintain the employee's health coverage during this leave. Employers with 50 or more employees already have this requirement.
This is called baby bonding leave. Mothers and fathers, including foster and adoptive parents, can take it. Some employees may get partial pay for up to six weeks during this leave through the state's Paid Family Leave program.
Baby bonding must be taken within 12 months of the child's birth, adoption or foster placement. Although the law does not take effect until Monday, parents covered by it could take at least some of this leave for a child born, adopted or placed in foster care in 2017, said Erika Frank, general counsel for the California Chamber of Commerce.
Kathleen Pender is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: kpender@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kathpender
For more information
For an overview of new California workplace laws, see http://bit.ly/2zaAbGg
For information on the California Fair Chance Act, see http://bit.ly/2pKxHvC
For more on the law preventing salary questions, see http://bit.ly/2hKxS2D
More than minimum
The statewide minimum wage goes up by 50 cents per hour on Monday to $10.50 for employers with 25 or fewer workers and to $11 per hour for larger employers. These Bay Area cities have higher minimum wages, and some are also going up next year.
City Minimum hourly wage (effective Jan. 1, 2018) Berkeley $13.75 Cupertino $13.50* El Cerrito $13.60* Emeryville $14** Los Altos $13.50* Milpitas $12* Mountain View $15* Oakland $13.23* Palo Alto $13.50* Richmond $13.41* San Francisco $14 San Jose $13.50* San Leandro $12 San Mateo $13.50 Santa Clara $13* Sunnyvale $15*
*These wages represent increases from current rate.
**Emeryville minimum wage is $15.20 for business with more than 55 employees
This article is for parents of children with OCD, dermatilloamnia, or any other mental disorder. I am focusing on parents, not out of blame nor to create guilt, but because they are on the frontlines of the battle against mental health issues. This is because children are resilient, adaptive and have a high neuroplasticity with which they can overcome and learn how to manage their mental disorders before it becomes solidified, layered and integrated into them as they grow older. I am not a doctor, but someone who sufferers from dermatillomania, and as I am finding solutions for myself, I am looking back and seeing how much of what I created for myself could have been prevented in my childhood. Please also see: Day 50 - OCD: From Hiding and Feeling Unwanted to Living and Expressing Fully.
There was a time, perhaps your parents' generation, where children were to be seen but not heard, it was as if, so long as the child is alive at the end of the day, the parenting has been successful. These days, children's mental health has become a prevalent issue in many contexts, with new disorders and prescribed medications seemingly mounting every year. This unfortunate equation results in parents who may have the best intentions, but lack the necessary tools required to deal with today's children's mental health phenomena. Part of the problem is that, due to a certain amount of stigma created over the years, there has been a lack of understanding and forward motion with regards to the treatment and prevention of mental illness and disorders. So much of what is suffered in adulthood can be explored and understood, expressed and discussed with the child as active participant in childhood. But first, parents on the front lines have to take a look within themselves to see if there is any stigmatization existent in their own minds, conscious or subconscious, expressed or implicit. In order for a conversation with your child to open up, you have to be clear within yourself that there is no judgment, and that your acceptance of your child is in fact, unconditional.
It is an absolute certainty that stigmatizing our children's mental disorders will only ever prevent treatment and healing, and limit our children from realizing their utmost potential in this life. We have to realize that we must become objective about the fact that our children aren't okay, and that we do not necessarily know what to do about it. We must unlearn the stigmatization that has been passed down for generations because it is a detriment to our children, and we are the only ones keeping it alive today. We do so by accepting and allowing our own fears, judgments and reactions surrounding the issue of mental health, disorders and psychosis, to seep through into our behaviour and attitudes towards our children. Stigmatizing our children's mental health renders us blind and deaf, leaving our children isolated in the face of something that they are in no way prepared to handle alone. To this day, 60 percent of people that suffer from a mental illness will not seek help due to fear of being labelled (http://www.mentalhealthcommission.ca/English/initiatives-and-projects/opening-minds).It is an absolute certainty that stigmatizing our children's mental disorders will only ever prevent treatment and healing, and limit our children from realizing their utmost potential in this life. We have to realize that we must become objective about the fact that our children aren't okay, and that we do not necessarily know what to do about it. We must unlearn the stigmatization that has been passed down for generations because it is a detriment to our children, and we are the only ones keeping it alive today. We do so by accepting and allowing our own fears, judgments and reactions surrounding the issue of mental health, disorders and psychosis, to seep through into our behaviour and attitudes towards our children. Stigmatizing our children's mental health renders us blind and deaf, leaving our children isolated in the face of something that they are in no way prepared to handle alone.
According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, a stigma is “a set of negative and often unfair beliefs that a society or group of people have about something,” whereas to stigmatize means to “describe or regard as worthy of disgrace or great disapproval.” Now, we don't have to outwardly say negative things towards a child, nor do we need to disgrace or disapprove in words to keep a stigma alive, or to make a child feel stigmatized (marked out or described as something bad). Simply ignoring the problem, making it seem smaller than it actually is, or not taking it seriously, indicates that there is a belief system, whether or not we are conscious of it. If we are afraid or awkward or uncomfortable around something, or if we ignore it, it indicates that somewhere within us, there is something holding us back.
In a normal scenario, when a child displays a physical symptom of an illness, like a lump, a rash or a fever, even if we do not know what the problem is, we act. We go to the doctor, we do research online, we become concerned and speak with others, treatments are tried and we even ask the child how they feel as an indicator of whether or not the treatment is working. This is normal. The fact that this is what normal looks like makes this a good way to establish a standard against which behavioural reactions can be compared when dealing with psychological symptoms of illness. As a parent, when confronted with possible mental illness within your child, you can ask yourself what you would do if this were a physical illness. If there is any difference between your behaviour because the illness is psychological, then that is a sign that there is some degree of reaction within you. It is up to each one to investigate what that reaction is, because not doing so is a detriment to the child.
In fact, not only will non-action end up harming your own child, but it will harm other parents and children as well, because it is keeping a stigma alive. So long as the stigma exists, parents will feel like the child's mental illness is their failure. The mental illness will become something shameful, and will limit the child into adulthood. If swept under the rug, mental illness like OCD and dermatillomania, will not be researched and there will be no prevention. In fact, not only will non-action end up harming your own child, but it will harm other parents and children as well, because it is keeping a stigma alive. So long as the stigma exists, parents will feel like the child's mental illness is their failure. The mental illness will become something shameful, and will limit the child into adulthood. If swept under the rug, mental illness like OCD and dermatillomania, will not be researched and there will be no prevention.
The first step towards prevention is for parents of children with signs of mental illness to treat it normally, as I described above, and for people who have any kind of mental illness to speak out about it, normally. That also includes taking your child by the hand, and walking the journey together. Nobody knows exactly what to do when their child is diagnosed or displays signs of a mental disorder, but children shouldn't be left alone to figure it out. Listen to your child, they or they might even have solutions we wouldn't have imagined. Open up the conversation regularly so it becomes normalized and a vocabulary can be developed. Assist and support your child to become a self-supportive adult.
This s a dermatillomania blog, but the message goes for all mental disorders and psychological illness. If you would like to see me speak about OCD and dermatillomania, you can watch my youtube videos HERE Also watch: Dermatillomania/Compulsive Skin Picking: Physical Body Support Picture: http://www.canadianbfrb.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/parents_child_silhouette1.jpg
DOJ's Antitrust division, under the leadership of just-confirmed Assistant Attorney General Makan Delhrahim, announced Monday it would file suit to stop the proposed merger between AT&T and Time Warner.
Although stopping the monster media deal featured prominently in President Donald Trump's campaign rhetoric, a senior DOJ official repeatedly staved off reporters' questions about White House influence, denying it played any role in the decision to file suit in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.
Voices from across the political spectrum have made their opposition to the deal known in recent months, including such unlikely bedfellows as Tea Party groups like Americans for Limited Government and ultra-liberal senators like Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). The concentration of the traditional media market into fewer and fewer companies is a common thread linking these disparate sources of concern.
“We believe and our investigation has found, that the merger would harm competition, resulting in higher bills and less innovation for millions of American consumers,” a senior DOJ official told reporters.
The antitrust lawsuit will proceed on a theory it creates an impermissible “vertical integration” – consolidating two parts of a supply stream, in this case content creation and telecom distribution – to the point where it would harm competition. This type of antitrust action has been less common in the modern era of enforcement, but nevertheless has a long history in American antitrust law.
Time Warner, one of the country's largest content creators, owns television networks HBO, CNN, and TBS; film studio Warner Brothers, and dozens of other household names. It was once joined to its own cable network until the two divisions split in 2009. The over $100 billion merger with AT&T would connect that content empire with the country's largest telecom company and also DirectTV, the country's largest satillite network, which AT&T already owns, creating the potential to increase the costs for competitors that also use Time Warner's content.
“The combined company will use its control of Time Warner's popular and valuable networks to hinder its rivals, forcing them to pay hundreds of billions of dollars more per year for the right to distribute those networks,” a senior DOJ official said.
The DOJ's press release cites a DirectTV document claiming the post-merger company “can much more credibly threaten to withhold programming from rival [distributors]” and can “use such threats to demand higher prices and more favorable terms.”
This type of “raising rivals' cost” analysis is a cornerstone of modern antitrust law. While those concerns can be assauged by divestments and consent decrees, in this case Delrahim's antitrust division thought it necessary to file suit against the deal as currently constituted.
AT&T hosted a press conference shortly after the DOJ lawsuit was announced, vigorously disputing the government's assertions. “A serious and very troubling departure from antitrust guidelines and decades of legal precedence,” eminent attorney Daniel Petronelli, representing the companies, told reporters.
Petronelli took issue with the government's understanding of the marketplace, citing Google and, with it, YouTube video service Amazon, Netflix, and Facebook as its likely competitors, in addition to other cable companies. These internet giants, like the proposed AT&T-DirectTV-Time Warner company that would exist post-merger, are highly vertically integrated, both producing content and distributing it on their streaming services.
“[This lawsuit] stretches the very reaches of antitrust law beyond the breaking point,” AT&T CEO Randall L. Stephenson declared. “We do not intend to settle this matter out of expediency because the rule of law is at stake.”
Furthermore, Stephenson was dismissive of the idea of consenting to divest from mainstream media stalwart CNN in order to save the deal. “Any agreement that results in us divesting CNN is a non-starter,” they said.
Are you drooling yet? :-). These delights are a combination of apple crisp and apple pie, made into bars for easier on the go indulging and for good measure, a healthy (or unhealthy!) drizzle of coconut caramel sauce. And then, just to take it up a level, the apple crisp topping isn't just your average everyday crisp, it is peanut butter crisp and it is oh so good. If you know how good apples are dipped in peanut butter (and if you don't you need to find out immediately) then imagine warm cinnamon-y apples with a crumbly peanut butter topping. And of course there is that caramel on top. It's a little insane but the good kind of insane, the really yummy delicious kind :-).
The apples I used came from one of the old trees we have on the “farm” here in Vermont, a Red Astrachan. They are not an apple commonly found in the States so you should use your own favorite or use a combination of several types. My favorite apples for baking are Fuji, Pink Lady, Honey Crisp, Granny Smith and Jonagold.
Shared on the awesome Plant Based Potluck.
Peanut Butter Apple Crisp Bars with Coconut Caramel Sauce Save Print Prep time 20 mins Cook time 40 mins Total time 1 hour Jenny Dunklee | The Lazy Vegan Baker: Jenny Dunklee Serves: 20 Ingredients Crust:
¾ cup coconut oil (melted)
½ cup sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2¾ cup all purpose flour
½ teaspoon salt
Apple Filling:
6 large apples, peeled, cored and diced.
⅓ cup sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon lemon juice
2 tablespoons all purpose flour
Peanut Butter Crisp:
1½ cups rolled oats
½ cup all purpose flour
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon cinnamon
½ cup brown sugar
¼ cup non-dairy butter, softened
½ cup crunchy peanut butter (it can also be smooth, but the crunchy adds a nice additional texture)
Coconut Caramel Sauce:
1 cup full fat canned coconut milk
¾ cup brown sugar
⅛ teaspoon vanilla extract
pinch ground ginger
1 tablespoon non-dairy butter Instructions Preheat oven 325F. Line a 9x13 baking pan with aluminum foil. To make the crust: Mix all the crust ingredients together until well combined into a dough. Press into prepared pan, pierce all over with a fork and bake for 20 minutes until lightly browned. While the crust is baking, prepare the caramel, apples and crisp. To make the caramel sauce (you can use as much or as little of this as you want on the bars): Combine the coconut milk and brown sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Let simmer for 20 minutes, stirring often and keeping a watchful eye so it doesn't boil over. Take off the heat and stir in the vanilla, ginger and non-dairy butter. Let cool completely. You can use the sauce right away or if you want a thicker sauce, refrigerate for a couple hours. [Leftover Caramel Sauce can be refrigerated up to 2 weeks.] To prep the apples: Combine diced apples, sugar, cinnamon, lemon juice, and flour , mix well and set aside. To make crisp: Combine oats, flour, salt, sugar, and cinnamon and mix well. Using a pastry blender, forks or your fingers, rub the butter into the oats mixture until pea sized pieces. Add the peanut butter and work it in as well. (I use my hands to work in both the butter and peanut butter; it's super messy but so much easier that way]. When the shortbread crust is done, spread the apples over evenly and then arrange the crisp on top. Bake for 35-40 minutes until apples are soft and crisp is lightly browned. Cool completely then liberally pour caramel on top. Wordpress Recipe Plugin by EasyRecipe 3.5.3208
Liked it? Take a second to support thelazyveganbaker on Patreon!
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Reddit
Twitter
Email
#ABArare – Juan Fernandez Petrel, Wedge-tailed Shearwater, others – Arizona
Hurricane Newton, the 9th hurricane of an unusually busy Pacific season made landfall in Baja California Sur as a Category 1 storm before pushing northwest along the peninsula and turning eastward towards southeastern Arizona, the first hurricane to do so in nearly two decades. Though not an exceptionally strong storm by the time it reached the United States, it managed to entrain a great many seabirds of a surprising variety. The area around Tucson, Arizona, seemed to be ground-zero, not least of which because there are so many eyes there, and birders in the area were treated to a incredible show the evening of September 7th.
Reports were flying in from all over, and while it may take a little time to tally the entire list – particularly the storm-petrels as there are reports of at least two species, not to mention the possibility of newly-split “Leach's”-types – it appears that Arizona added 4-5 species to its state list in one remarkable evening, including two stunners that I will highlight here.
Juan Fernandez Petrel was perhaps not unexpected in the ABA Area, but no one expected that 1st record to come from a yard in suburban Tucson. Brian Patrick Gibbons, having just come from a fairly successful trip to local spots where storm-petrels were congregating, returned home to photograph a Pterodroma passing over their driveway. This is likely to go down as one of the greatest yardbirds in ABA Area history.
Laurens Halsey, birding the Amado Wastewater Plant just south of Tucson, also pulled in an amazing bird. A large shearwater swung though, making a few passes before carrying on. Photos confirmed the bird as an ABA Code 4 Wedge-tailed Shearwater.
We look forward to seeing what else is turned up as photos are scrutinized in the coming days. And as the storm moves north it is possible that there may still be surprises still hiding in there for birders in Utah or Colorado. Look to tomorrow's Rare Bird Alert post for more of what is turning out to be a phenomenal day for birders in the southwest.
It's in danger of being overlooked due to the ongoing inquests into Manchester United's lifeless performance, but Liverpool were pretty darned good on Thursday night. The 2-0 scoreline was the very least they deserved from such a dominant display, and while the tie is certainly not over, Jurgen Klopp's side are now strong favourites to advance to the last eight of the Europa League.
If Liverpool can score an away goal next week at Old Trafford then United's task will be a monumental one, but first and foremost they must ensure that they match the kind of defensive intensity they showed while completely smothering United at Anfield. Liverpool outworked their rivals and played with a much higher intensity than Louis van Gaal's side, but it's unlikely United will play so poorly next week in front of their own supporters.
While still not entirely trustworthy, there are signs that Liverpool are finally beginning to find some consistency. Certainly in defence they have looked much more secure of late and even Alberto Moreno -- so often a weak link at left-back -- looked secure on Thursday. United need to score twice next week to even have a chance of taking the tie to a penalty shoot out, while they would have to find three goals to go through without spot kicks. To put that task in perspective, that's more goals than Liverpool have conceded in their last seven games in all competitions.
Goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has five clean sheets from their last seven appearances and at no stage did they ever look like being beaten on Thursday night. United managed just one effort on target -- a tame shot by Morgan Schneiderlin that went straight at the Belgian keeper -- and they failed to even win a single corner. That's almost unheard of, but it's testament to how well Liverpool defended from the front. From back to front Liverpool worked tirelessly to close down space and pressure the man in possession, and United had no answer to it.
Liverpool's central defenders were often criticised under former boss Brendan Rodgers, but the increased protection they get in Klopp's tactical set up has significantly helped them all. The work rate and organised pressing of those in front of them means the defenders have far less to do than they often did under Rodgers and they are thriving as a result.
Kolo Toure has been at the club for almost three years now, but their best form has come in recent months under Klopp. The veteran Ivorian has been almost faultless when called upon in 2016 and can consider themselves somewhat unfortunate not to be one of the first names on the team sheet. The reason he's not being that Mamadou Sakho and Dejan Lovren are showing signs of developing a strong partnership.
Sakho has had their ups and downs since moving to Anfield in the summer of 2013, and prior to Klopp's arrival they had only ever really looked effective when playing as part of a back three. He's still prone to the occasional moment of madness but overall their performances under Klopp have greatly improved. They were excellent against United, where their coolness in possession and efficient use of the ball really caught the eye.
Jurgen Klopp has Liverpool playing some of their best football of the year, with the team working tirelessly on both ends of the pitch. Andrew Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images
Equally impressive was their defensive partner Lovren, who has arguably been Liverpool's most improved player this year. Written off by many supporters, the £20 million signing from Southampton has shown great strength of character to rebound from a dreadful first season at Anfield and has now changed a lot of fans perceptions of him. Aside from one horrific mistake against West Ham at Anfield earlier in the season, the Croatian has had an impressive year. Their performances since returning to the side following a recent hamstring injury have been top drawer and they were rock solid against United.
Liverpool will need them and Sakho to continue this encouraging form when they go to Old Trafford next week. A 2-0 lead looks fairly secure right now, but an early goal for United changes the dynamic of the tie completely and Liverpool will almost certainly need to weather an early storm as Van Gaal's men look to make amends for their poor showing at Anfield. The home crowd will be raucous in the opening stages and unless the Merseysiders grab an early goal that more or less kills the tie, they will surely have to withstand a spell of sustained pressure at some point.
At the other end of the pitch things are a lot more up and down. It's feast or famine. They can score six against Villa and then have to rely on a dubious penalty to beat Augsburg over two legs. After tearing Manchester City apart they took over an hour before even managing a shot of any note against struggling Crystal Palace last weekend. So the challenge for the Reds now is to follow up their lively first leg showing with a repeat performance at Old Trafford.
Now that Klopp finally has all of their attacking players fit at the same time things should improve as they get used to playing with each other. While Sturridge was relatively quiet against United, the three players behind them all enjoyed themselves and caused United a lot of trouble. If they repeat that next week, Liverpool will surely go through.
As highlighted on ESPN FC by Steve Kelly earlier this week, Roberto Firmino is really beginning to make their mark on English football. Their first three or four months at the club were mostly disappointing, punctuated with one or two excellent displays here and there. Now that trend has been reversed. Since the turn of the year he's mostly been excellent with only the occasional disappointing performance thrown in.
While not yet prolific, they are finding the net with regularity now and he's also a creative force. It was their clever pass that led to the opening goal as Nathaniel Clyne was brought down for a penalty converted by Daniel Sturridge. Firmino also created good chances for Sturridge and Adam Lallana before finding the net themselves in the second half. One piece of skill on the right flank had the crowd off their feet and made poor old Daley Blind look rather foolish, and it was a great night for the in-form Brazilian.
Firmino is now beginning to deliver the kind of performances Liverpool fans expected when their club paid close to £30 million for them from German club Hoffenheim last summer, and Kopites will be looking to them to continue their recent hot streak next week and fire the Reds into the quarterfinals at the expense of their most bitter rivals.
The first leg went exactly as Klopp would have wanted it, with their side putting on a first class performance in the cauldron-like atmosphere of Anfield to set themselves up for the second leg. The job is only half done though and more of the same will be required next week, as United cannot possibly perform as badly as this again.
Photo: Jim Watson/ AFP/ Getty Images.
The amazing ride of Nintendo shares, fueled by the wild spread of its smartphone game Pokémon Go, appears to be over.
The Japanese tech giant's shares more than doubled in value since the launch of Pokémon Go on July 6, putting its market value on Tuesday at $US42 billion.
However, today shares in the world's largest video game company by revenue started to slip.
A short time ago, Nintendo was down 13.9% to 27,350 Yen on the Tokyo Exchange. The broader Nikkei 225 index was down just 0.7% at time of writing.
Today's share price drop was the biggest for Nintendo in 16 years.
There's likely some profit-taking going on after the explosive rally over the past week but also it shows that the market demand has eased.
Analysts have been trying to work out what the direct benefit of the new craze will be for Nintendo but this has been difficult to assess, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Nintendo only has part ownership of the app through its holdings in the Pokémon Company and Google spinoff Niantic which is the developer and the distributor of the game.
According to analysts, the rise in Nintendo shares only makes sense if half of all humanity has the Pokémon GO app.
Deutsche Bank asked: How many downloads of the app are need to justify such a rise in market cap?
But the popularity of the game marches on as the app gets released in different countries.
The app was due to be launched in Japan, the home of Pokémon GO, today but this was cancelled, apparently over fears that high demand would soon overload the system.
Techcrunch reported: “The postponement will frustrate many in Japan who are still waiting but, on the positive side, Niantic, Nintendo and the Pokémon Company — the three firms behind the smash game — are confident that, if the game is launched right, their servers can handle the undoubtedly huge demand.”
In Japan, McDonald's is a paying sponsor, using its Japan 3000 stores as venues for players.
NOW READ: Pokémon Go's decline is already under way
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
For some men, getting a haircut is put-off as long as possible others look forward to the experience. Fortunately, for a mens haircut, Chicago offers everything from the classic barbershop experience, to a sophisticated lounge experience that will make you want to hang around for awhile.
If you are one of those men that views a haircut like many view the dentist, any one of these venues has the potential to change your mind.
316 Clubs
175 W Jackson Blvd, Chicago, IL 60604
(312) 880-0316
The 316 Club is a modern up-scale take on the classic barbershop. It is a place to experience. Complimentary beverage, pool table, television, and a fireplace all make any wait worth it. Superb haircuts, shoe shines, hot towels, and an array of other offerings makes this a solid choice for a cut in The Loop.
The Belmont Barbershop
2328 W Belmont Ave, Chicago, IL 60618
(773) 296-0894
The Belmont Barbershop is a no fuss stop to clean up. The atmosphere is lively, comfortable, and all around enjoyable. Affordable pricing and exquisite talent combine for on of the best men's haircuts in the city. Cash Only
Esquire Barbershop
1511 W Foster Ave, Chicago, IL 60640
(773) 754-0953
Some people come to Esquire Barbershop to get a haircut, others come for the pug curled up in the window snoozing away. They focus on the traditional ways of the barbershops. Relax in a comfy chair, catch up on sports, cut your hair, trim your beard and see you next time friend.
Gabby's Barbershop
2860 N Clark St, Chicago, IL 60657
(773) 549-8832
Stepping into Gabby's feels like stepping into the same barbershop that your pops got their haircut at with their pops. The laid back atmosphere is also very laid back on the prices. You would be hard pressed to find a cheaper barber in town that still holds a high standard. Cash Only
iMale Salon
401 W Ontario St #175, Chicago, IL 60654
(312) 943-6253
iMale Salon is perfect to stop by on your way home from work it is just relaxing. The price of a haircut is not just to remove some length, it includes a shampoo session, facial, scalp massage, paraffin wax and more. They offer services from beard maintenance to massages as well. Go home feeling completely refreshed.
Irving Park Barbershop
1921 W Irving Park Rd Chicago, IL 60613
(708) 369-6544
Irving Park Barbershop does not need much talking up. After your first time through the door you will have just decided that there is no other place for you. Classic feel, top-notch talent, friendly people, welcomes walk-ins oh, and beer.
Joe's Barbershop
2641 W Fullerton Ave, Chicago, IL 60647
(773) 252-3980
Joe's Barbershop is summed up by the cassette tapes, tube television, and the amazingly entertaining stories that these guys have. Their eyes and hands have a keen attention to detail. They care about complete customer satisfaction whether it is the top of your head or your beard oh, and beer.
Pete's Barber Shop
2873 N Elston Ave, Chicago, IL 60618
(847) 345-4008
Pete's, oh Pete's. It is not what you think from the name. They do excel in the trade, and attention to detail is only rivaled by other masters but the video games and beer stocked fridge almost makes you prefer a wait. They offer more than just cuts, and a beard trim is free with a haircut oh, and beer.
Wait, I already mentioned that.
Tailor Men's Salon
1711 W Division St #102, Chicago, IL 60622
(773) 384-9001
Tailor Men's Salon is slightly different then the others on this list. This salon is tailored directly for men, and some of the best hands in the industry can be found here. These women aim to make handsome men more handsome by the time that they leave the chair. They specialize in personalized styling not every man is created equal.
Van Buren Gentlemen's Salon
235 W Van Buren St C-3, Chicago, IL 60607
(312) 753-5363
Van Buren Gentlemen's Salon offers variety under one roof. Both stylists and barbers are available to tailor to your hair but their care goes much beyond. Various spa treatments are available to assure that you are feeling as good as you look. Next-level customer attention, welcoming, modern atmosphere, and a shoe shine all complete the list of why this is a downtown stop.
John MacDougall/AFP/Getty Images
Uber and Airbnb may be much loved by their customers, but the ride-hailing app and accommodation rental service have caused havoc the world over by challenging the status quo.
Mayors from 10 cities announced an alliance on Tuesday to help them better regulate Uber, Airbnb and others of their ilk, often known as sharing-economy companies. By writing a rulebook together, the mayors hope to make their position on companies setting up shop in their cities clearer and stronger, Bloomberg reports.
New York and Paris are set to take the lead on the project, with representatives joining them from cities including Barcelona, Seoul, Athens and Toronto. The mayors met for the first time last month in Amsterdam. Paris -- Airbnb's most popular destination -- is calling for a framework of guidelines to be published by October.
If the framework comes together it could become easier for future sharing-economy companies to plan their entry into multiple new markets and reduce the number of lawsuits and other roadblocks they encounter along the way. Only on Monday this week, short-term Airbnb rentals were faced with a proposal for tighter regulation in New York. But new rules could also benefit Uber and Airbnb customers.
Currently the experience of using these services can vary from city to city, and the hope is to provide a consistent experience for consumers and tourists in each location, a spokesperson for New York deputy mayor for housing and economic development Alicia Glen told Bloomberg.
"Having the 20 or 30 biggest urban markets of the world all operating under entirely different rules doesn't do much good for anyone," they said.
Airbnb said in a statement that it would continue to work with officials around the world to address the "unique policy needs" of specific cities.
Uber did not immediately respond to request for comment.
Update 7:24 a.m. PT: Added Airbnb statement.
Now playing: Watch this: Ride Uber? Better carry cash for tips, or else
The bombshell news that President Trump fired now former FBI Director James Comey agitated cable news ratings on Tuesday night, catapulting MSNBC into top place for coverage. The last time Fox trailed MSNBC and CNN occurred during the Democratic National Convention in July.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Nielsen Media Research ratings released Wednesday, Fox News finished in third place behind MSNBC and CNN in the 25 to 54 age primetime demographic, with Fox still taking the top spot in total viewers. MSNBC finished first in primetime from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. ET in the key demographic advertisers covet most, with 738,000 viewers in that category. CNN was second with 719,000 viewers and Fox third with 700,000 tuning in.
In total viewers in primetime, Fox averaged 3.307 total viewers. MSNBC registered 2.856 million and CNN 1.865 million.
Tucker Carlson and Rachel Maddow fought it out for top spot with their analysis of the news.
The most-watched program of the evening was "Tucker Carlson Tonight" on Fox with 3.443 million total viewers and 727,000 in the demographic. "The Rachel Maddow Show" was second with 3.354 million total viewers, but was first in the demographic with 873,000 viewers.
Carlson and Maddow also owned the second and third most-watched programs in all of basic cable, only finishing behind TNT and its coverage of the annually highly-rated NBA playoffs.
Fox did win the first hour after the Comey news broke at 6 p.m. ET in both the 25 to 54 demographic and in total viewers, with 527,000 viewers from the demographic tuning into "Special Report with Bret Baier" and capturing 2.895 million viewers overall.
CNN's "Situation Room" finished second at 6 p.m. ET with 522,000 in the demographic and 1.789 total million viewers. MSNBC was third with 341,000 in the demographic and 1.414 million total viewers.
Sean Angus Walsh told police the other driver cut them off and made an obscene gesture at him.
A Gainesville man was arrested Thursday evening on a charge of aggravated assault after police say they used a gun to threaten a man in a road rage incident.
Sean Angus Walsh, 25, pulled up beside a vehicle that had been in front of them and pointed a semi-automatic handgun at the driver, according to a Gainesville Police Department arrest report.
They told the driver, “I'll kill you,” according to the arrest report.
Walsh told police the other driver cut them off and made an obscene gesture at him. Walsh said they showed the driver their gun but did not point it at him.
The driver told police they were frightened by Walsh and their gun.
On Friday, Walsh was being held in the Alachua County jail.
President Trump delivered a message to those living in Northern California who have been affected by wildfires, saying the American people "will be there for you."
"I want to say a few words to the people of California — great state — especially with those in Napa. Napa has been hit so hard, and Sonoma, as they deal with the tragic loss of life and property to devastating wildfires," Trump said during remarks before an event on Tuesday honoring the Pittsburgh Penguins. "I spoke with Gov. [Jerry] Brown last night to let them know that the federal government will stand with the people of California, and we will be there for you in this time of terrible tragedy and need. I just want to pay my warmest respects. They're going through a lot."
More than a dozen wildfires have engulfed North California's wine country, destroying 1,500 structures.
According to the New York Times, the wildfires have left at least 15 people dead, and more than 100 people were transported to the hospital.
Officials believe the number of dead and wounded will continue to go up.
Roughly 20,000 living in Northern California have evacuated.
Trump approved a disaster declaration for the state Tuesday, unlocking federal aid to supplement state and local recovery efforts in the affected areas of Northern California.
Clinic in a Can – a Wichita-based nonprofit that converts shipping containers into medical clinics – is trying to raise $300,000 for Ebola crisis response in Africa.
The effort includes sending eight of its solar-powered clinics, collecting food locally and collecting money for food to be purchased by aid organizations in Africa, said Mike Wawrzewski, a physician assistant and founder of Clinic in a Can.
“We're trying to create a Wichita response, and we hope as many people become involved as possible and that it becomes a focus instead of people on the sidelines wondering what can they do,” Wawrzewski said.
“Now they have something they can do, because it's better to fight it and treat it over there. The longer it goes on, the potential of us having to treat it at our back door goes up.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
The disaster response plan has three components:
▪ 20 percent of the money will be sent to Graber Ministries in El Dorado to buy rice and beans in Africa to feed Liberians.
▪ 70 percent will be used to offset the cost to build and ship eight solar-powered clinics to Liberia.
▪ 10 percent will go to Heaven Sent Ministries for a community food-packing event that will fill a 20-foot container to be sent to Liberia.
The Ebola outbreak is different from anything Clinic in a Can has responded to before.
The organization, which built its first clinic in 2005, has sent clinics to South Sudan, to Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, to the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan last year and to tornado-ravaged Moore, Okla., in 2013.
All surfaces in the clinics can be decontaminated, Wawrzewski said. It's a step up from many of the Ebola treatment centers in Liberia, some of which are made of 6-foot posts wrapped with plastic.
“Their medical system is overwhelmed, and it's the consequences of poor infrastructure and poor sanitation,” Wawrzewski said.
The clinics are operational for up to 20 years, and this is the first time the organization has made them completely solar-powered.
“That's very important in Liberia, because their power system is horrible,” they said.
The eight clinics being constructed now will be ready to ship in about three weeks if funding is in place. Wawrzewski said they hope to partner with the U.S. Agency for International Development to fly the containers overseas and for U.S. military personnel to put them in place. If they cannot be flown, they will go by ship, which can take up to 30 days.
The containers will also be packed with equipment, including personal protective equipment for medical personnel who are treating Ebola patients.
Clinic in a Can recently sent one of its containers to the international airport in Lagos, Nigeria. There it will be used to screen Ebola patients.
The World Health Organization declared Nigeria Ebola-free on Monday. The country has not had a new case of the virus for 42 days.
So far, more than 9,190 people have been reported as infected in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, leading to more than 4,545 deaths, according to WHO.
Clinic in a Can is also partnering with Carespan for telemedicine services from the U.S. to medical staff members in Liberia, Wawrzewski said.
Story highlights Jared Kushner's attorney has responded to the committee request
However the committee says those responses aren't sufficient
(CNN) The Senate Judiciary Committee is calling on the White House to provide new details about President Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner's security clearance application, including whether they could be trusted with sensitive information after they initially failed to disclose meetings with Russian officials.
The committee, led by Republican Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa, sent a letter in June to the White House and the FBI asking for a detailed list of questions about Kushner's security clearance form, which they have had to amend multiple times because of their initial failure to disclose meetings with foreign officials. In response, Kushner's outside attorney sent the panel a letter, but the White House has not yet responded to the panel's queries despite a July 6 deadline set by a bipartisan group of senators.
The committee's spokesperson, George Hartmann, told CNN Friday that the response from Kushner's attorney does not satisfy the panel's request for information from the White House.
"The committee is appreciative of the response we have gotten so far from Mr. Kushner's attorney," Hartmann said. "But the committee still does expect the White House to reply to its questions about Mr. Kushner's security clearance, and to provide answers to the requested questions of the SF-86," referring to the questionnaire applicants fill out for security clearances.
A White House spokesperson declined to comment.
Read More
Greetings Citizens and Civilians, and welcome to episode 47 of Guard Frequency, the universe's premier Star Citizen podcast recorded on 15th November 2014 and released for streaming and download on Tuesday 18th November 2014 at GuardFrequency.com [Download this episode]
Tony, Lennon and Geoff are back this week and are joined by none other than CIG's Community Manager, Ben Lesnick! Before we get to Ben though, we take a brief look at the story everyone's been talking about, Kim Kardashian's butt. Just kidding, it's of course the news that the ESA have landed a probe on a comet. In CIG News we bring you everything that's happening around the UEE, including our weekly Crowd Funding Update, the latest Letter From The Chairman, Around The Verse episode 20, the latest fixes to come our way in Arena Commander 0.9.2.1 and 10 For The Chairman episode 44 before moving on to our interview with CIG's Community Manager, Ben Lesnick where they answer about mountpoints, varients, and a whole variety of questions from our Livestream (including letting us know about a certain Avenger Mission Pack). In Nuggets for Nuggets we bring you right up to speed on Anvil Aerospace, and finally we tune into the Feedback Loop and let you join in on the conversation.
Topics Discussed
This Week's Community Questions
Complete the following sentence: I think the ______ starter ship should win because ________.
Let us know your thoughts by commenting below!
View our post for the episode on the RSI forums.
Our Organisation: Guard Frequency Response
Click here to go to our Organisation page and apply today!
Bonus link
Tales From The Front – Contains a story by Chivalrybean
Michael "Herbie" Blash (born 30 September 1948) was formerly an FIA Deputy Race Director at Formula One races. Blash started at RRC Walker Racing as a mechanic before joining Lotus in 1968 to Graham Hill. Into the early 1970s, they took up management responsibilities. Blash then left Lotus after a walk-out and was employed by Frank Williams to their Politoys team. By 1973, they were the team manager of the Brabham Formula One team working alongside Bernie Ecclestone and Gordon Murray until 1988. From late 1995 until the end of 2016, Blash was the FIA Deputy Race Director at Formula One Grand Prix races.[1][2][3]
Career [ edit ]
When they were 17, Blash gained work at the RRC Walker Racing Team as a mechanic. They worked alongside Jo Siffert and Jo Bonnier who had experience in Formula One. In 1968, Blash became the race mechanic to Graham Hill at Lotus before working with Jochen Rindt a year later. On the day of the 1969 Spanish Grand Prix, Blash accidentally cut off parts of a newer, larger front wing from aluminium panels. When Chapman inspected the wings, they became enraged and demanded that the cars to be withdrawn from the race. In the end, Lotus ended up racing and all three cars retired.[4] After the death of Rindt during qualifying at the 1970 Italian Grand Prix, Blash took on responsibilities of management within Lotus until they walked out along with several employees. In 2010, 28 years after Chapman's death, Blash recalled "Mr. Chapman was the love God has for us." They demanded of their staff use to self-abandonment.[clarification needed] Blash: "I started on a Monday morning at Lotus. When I saw my apartment for the first time, it was Wednesday afternoon.."[4]
In 1973, Blash became the team manager for Brabham having worked on their Formula Two project. They worked alongside owner Bernie Ecclestone and designer Gordon Murray. Their time at the team oversaw the world championship wins of Nelson Piquet in 1981 and 1983. Blash continued as team manager until 1988.[5]
Brabham was sold to Swiss financier Joachim Luhti and Blash left to join FOCA for 1989. Luhti would later be arrested and the Middlebridge Group bought the team and Blash returned as the Sporting Director to rebuild the team. Their role helped to secure a supply of engines from Yamaha in 1991. Blash was offered a job with Yamaha and joined the company as their sporting director, overseeing its relationships with Jordan and later Tyrrell. At the same time, they were running Yamaha subsidiary Activa - which was housed in the old Brabham factory in Chessington. They still run Activa - which does research and development and fabrication work for the motor racing industry. Since December 1995, Blash has also acted as the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA)'s Deputy Race Director at all Grands Prix.[1]
On 5 July 2016 the FIA announced that they would be stepping down at the end of the 2016 season.[2][3] Blash is now working with Yamaha. In 2017 they joined the Japanese company as its sporting director and now frequents the World Superbike paddock.
Pioneering British Tanks in War Thunder with developer's answers
Today we're going to unveil our first armoured vehicles of the British tech line which are going to appear in one of our incoming updates. Meet the British pioneers in War Thunder: the A13 Mk.II cruiser tank, the Sherman Firefly medium tank, the M10 Achilles anti-tank SPG, and the A43 Black Prince infantry tank. Whilst the other British ground vehicles, including the regular versions of most of these, are in development, these four premium tanks will be the first vehicles available in the store for the true fans of British ground forces.
A13 Mk. II (Cruiser Mark IV)
Unique tank modification with exclusive livery
Livery variant of the up-armoured A13 Mk. II (Cruiser Mark IV) with a two-colour camouflage scheme, Middle Bronze Green/Deep Bronze Green, France, 1940”. Original prototype hull from headquarters of squadron “A” of the 3rd Royal Tank Regiment, 3rd Tank Battalion, 1st Armoured Division, with a two-colour camouflage scheme, France, May 1940
Vyacheslav Bulannikov, Game-designer:
This is the tank it all started with. It was the first British cruiser tank created with American technology, and was used as a basis for the design of many other British cruiser tanks from that point on. The A13 was the first British tank to get the Christie suspension system. Later, Christie suspension gained widespread popularity and was used on the majority of Britain's fast-moving series-produced tanks during the Second World War, and also in tank design used in other countries. Even the Soviet BT tanks were equipped with suspension of this design, and the legendary T-34 too! As was the norm for “newcomers”, the A13 had a range of problems that were slowly corrected by redevelopment and modernization efforts. Before us is an up-armoured model of the tank. This vehicle has decent mobility and has been placed at rank I. It's worth playing this tank and using its chief advantage, the fast-loading cannon.
17 pdr. M10 65th. Anti-Tank Regt
Tank with exclusive livery
The M10 Achilles of the British 7th Armoured Division, 65th Anti-Tank Regiment, Norfolk Yeomanry.
Vyacheslav Bulannikov, Game-designer:
No doubt many War Thunder players are familiar with the legendary Sherman Firefly – a Sherman equipped with a 17-pounder British anti-tank cannon, a perfect weapon for destroying German heavy tanks. But the Sherman wasn't the only American tank modernized by the British for a 17-pounder gun. The M10 SPG with a rotating turret was also modernized in Britain before the Normandy landings, and received the same deadly anti-tank weapon. The SPG, which was christened Achilles, might not have won the same fame as the Sherman Firefly, but was its equal in firepower all the same. Its open turret with fairly large proportions allowed the crew to man the weapon in more comfortable conditions.
Sherman IC 2nd “Warsaw” Armoured Division
Unique tank modification with exclusive livery
Sherman Firefly Ic “TRZYNIEC” 1st Squadron, 4th Armoured Regiment “Scorpion”, 2nd Armoured Brigade, 2nd “Warsaw” Armoured Division, Italy, 1945.
Vyacheslav Bulannikov, Game-designer:
The most well-known antidote to the “German menagerie” on the Western Front, the Sherman Firefly became a true legend of its time. Its equipment is simple, reliable and deadly – the result of installing a turret with a 17-pounder anti-tank cannon on an American Sherman chassis. The tank was so well suited to combat on the front that it remained the most fearsome enemy of German tankers until very near to the end of the war.
This model of the Sherman became one of the most successful M4 modifications made. We're sure that players will enjoy the Firefly at rank 3 in battles against the early Tigers and the Panther.
A43 Black Prince
Exclusive tank
Vyacheslav Bulannikov, Game-designer:
This tank became the most highly improved modification of the Churchill, but never saw deployment due to the end of the war against Germany. The tank's design was thoroughly reworked. A new welded hexagonal turret was created to house a 76.2 mm cannon. The tank is excellently armoured and armed with a deadly 17-pounder anti-tank gun. A magnificent tank, it is capable of greater pressure than the earlier Churchills, but be aware of enemy flanking maneuvers.
Answers to readers' questions:
1. Will there be non-premium versions of these tanks? Are the premium versions different?​
Answer: Yes, there will be regular versions of the tanks in a research tree, but for Black Prince - it was an experimental tank after all. And for example premium Sherman Firefly has different hull and A13 Mk.II has additional armouring. All tanks but Black Prince represent certain regiments or divisions.
2. What other Firefly models you have planned?
Answer: Vc for the regular tree.
3. What ammo will the 17-pounder reception?
Answer: Shot Mk.6 - AP, Shot Mk.4 - APC, Shot Mk.8 - APCBC as well as They shell. Black Prince will also receive Shot SV Mk.I with up to 228mm pen value.
4. Will the Achilles have a powered turret or a handcrank like the US M10?
Answer: Like US M10.
5. Is there a chance the Achilles will come with the crew protection at some time? Answer: Currently it is not planned.
The War Thunder Team
The Good, the bad and the ugly: Three new state laws for 2014
A new year brings new laws – good, bad and ugly – in Illinois. There's a lot of them, but here are three in particular that stand out. The Good: Speed limit raised to 70 mph One piece of good news is that the state speed limit has been raised to a maximum of 70...
A new year brings new laws – good, bad and ugly – in Illinois. There's a lot of them, but here are three in particular that stand out.
The Good: Speed limit raised to 70 mph
One piece of good news is that the state speed limit has been raised to a maximum of 70 mph outside of urban areas, generally on interstate highways, bringing Illinois closer in line with other states across the country. Unfortunately, the law excludes Cook, DuPage, Kane, Lake, Madison, McHenry, St. Clair and Will counties from the new maximum by reserving them the right to set lower speeds, which may mean that the impact of the change isn't as far reaching as some might hope. Still, even a marginal increase in personal freedom should be applauded in a state that so often reduces freedom.
The Bad: Cigarette butt-flicking made a felony
On Jan. 1, an update to Illinois' Litter Control Act will subject anyone who tosses a cigarette on the ground to increased penalties – the first offense now comes with a Class B misdemeanor and a fine up to $1,500.The second time offense becomes a Class A misdemeanor, and the third time, it's a felony that can come with a one-to-three year jail sentence and a $25,000 fine.
But if that's not enough, the Act forces private property owners to furnish trash receptacles in places where littering is illegal. After a warning, the property owner must provide the trash cans within 10 days or face a daily fine of $25 and a petty misdemeanor.
The Ugly: Teens banned from tanning, even with parent's permission
Another outrageous law going into effect in 2014 prohibits people younger than 18 from using tanning beds at salons – even with a parent or guardian's permission. Supporters of the law cited the potential risk of developing skin cancer later in a life as their justification. Good intentions aside, however, what these proponents fail to recognize is that life naturally involves trade-offs between risks and health. Individuals – including minors, in consultation with their parents – are best positioned to decide what's best for themselves. At the very least, individuals are better positioned than politicians in Springfield, who do not have a strong record of responsible adult behavior.
image credit: David Spencer/The State Journal-Register
Enceladus and its paper-thin crust
Released
05/07/2016 2:00 pm
Copyright
LPG-CNRS-U. Nantes/Charles U., Prague
Description
Of all the icy moons in the Solar System, Saturn's moon Enceladus is probably the ‘hottest' when measured for its potential to host life. Despite its distance from Earth, it may also be the easiest to investigate.
Buried beneath its icy crust is a global ocean of water, much like the one scientist are convinced lies inside Jupiter's moon Europa. The question is how to get below what is probably tens of kilometres of ice to see if there is life in the water.
Although this is the problem at Europa, at Enceladus the moon does some of the work for you. At its south poles, huge geysers of water jet into space. These come from the ocean depths and suggest that the ice there must be relatively thin for this to happen. But how thin? Planetary scientists may now have an answer.
The international Cassini spacecraft has been paying particular attention to Enceladus since arriving at Saturn in 2004. Indeed, it was Cassini that discovered the geysers on Enceladus in the first place. Now there are more than 100 individual jets known on the moon, each spewing water into space.
A team of independent researchers have now taken all of the data about Enceladus collected by the spacecraft and built a computer simulation of the moon that includes the thickness of the ice crust.
This picture of Enceladus has been created using data taken by Cassini's high-resolution camera. The ice crust thickness, indicated by the colour, has then been plotted over the moon's surface. According to the model, the thickness varies between about 35 km in the cratered equatorial regions (yellow) to less than 5 km in the active south polar terrain (blue).
In astronomical terms, this is paper-thin. The model predicts that the 505 km-wide moon contains a core that is 360–370 km in diameter. The rest is ocean and the ice crust, with the ice crust itself having an average thickness of 18–22 km.
Remarkably, however, the model predicts that the thickness of the ice reduces to less than 5 km at the South Pole. This could make it easier for the water to escape along cracks and fissures.
Last year Cassini flew through the geysers, analysing the water with its instruments. On previous occasions, the discovery of silica particles, likely originating from Enceladus, and the presence of methane in the water plumes indicated there is hydrothermal activity at the ocean's floor. This water and the chemicals were then transported from the floor to the base of the ice crust, and subsequently jetted through and out into space.
No one knows how the geysers are powered but showing that the ice crust could be much thinner than previously thought is intriguing.
College student Ishrat Jahan was killed in 2004 in a staged encounter by Gujarat police officers
Former Gujarat Intelligence Bureau chief Rajinder Kumar has been charged with murder and three serving officers have been accused of conspiracy in the Ishrat Jahan encounter case. Ishrat, a 19-year-old college student, was killed by police officers in an alleged fake encounter 10 years ago.In its supplementary chargesheet filed today, the Central Bureau of Investigation has also accused Rajinder Kumar and the three serving IB officers - P Mittal, MK Sinha and Rajiv Wankhede - of conspiracy and illegal confinement.Mr Kumar has been charged under the Arms Act too; the CBI has alleged that they provided the weapons used by the Gujarat cops to kill Ishrat and three others and an AK-56 that, the agency alleges, was planted at the scene of the shooting to portray the victims as terrorists.But nowhere does the 200-odd page charge-sheet mention a motive for the alleged involvement of these officers, a fact that is expected to exacerbate friction between the IB and the CBI. The Intelligence Bureau has said that though its officers had alerted the Gujarat police to the possibility that Ishrat and the others could be affiliated to terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba, its officers did not authorize or participate in the killing.The IB had vehemently objected to Mr Kumar's interrogation by the CBI in the case last year, arguing that it would affect the morale down the ranks of the IB and also that it would set a dangerous precedent because its members often work undercover and have sources that would dry up if its officers were entangled in police cases. The home ministry had backed the IB.Ishrat Jahan was killed along with three men on the outskirts of Ahmedabad on 15 June, 2004, by Gujarat crime branch officers who claimed they had been told by the IB that the four were terrorists who planned to assassinate Narendra Modi, the state's chief minister who is now running for Prime Minister.In its first charge-sheet in July last year, the CBI accused seven senior police officers of murdering Ishrat and the others "in cold blood". Amid the tension with the IB, it did not name Mr Kumar, who was then serving. They retired about a month later. Today's chargesheet does not mention former Gujarat Home Minister and Narendra Modi aide Amit Shah, who the CBI had interrogated.
Hillcrest is San Diego's gay neighborhood, right? Think again: For women, not so much.
Census data suggests that if you live in the little East County town of Alpine, you're just as likely to have an unmarried lesbian couple living next door as in Hillcrest. And Alpine has plenty of company on the list of unexpected local communities where lesbians seem to be more common than in the county as a whole.
When the census data is mapped, you can see a divide that may surprise those who assume Hillcrest is the local gay mecca: Lesbian couples are much more widely distributed around the county than their gay male counterparts, who tend to cluster in and around the progressive haven of Hillcrest.
This gap is familiar to researchers, though. Gay men tend to prefer living in hip urban centers, while lesbians — who are more likely to have kids and therefore less money — are less concentrated in “gayborhoods.”
As San Diego's Pride Weekend begins, here is more on what the census numbers reveal and why anyone other than real-estate agents should care where gay couples and families like to live.
Why does it matter where gay people live?
For one thing, it affects politics — the heavy LGBT presence in San Diego's Council District 3 gives the gay community a larger voice in city politics. The district has been represented by gay politicians on the Council since 1993 — two women and two men. If a “gayborhood” like Hillcrest becomes more straight, as seems to be happening to gay neighborhoods in some major cities, it can affect the local political power structure.
Gay geography also reflects the progress — or lack of it — that the LGBT community is making in American society. “You have to consider the extent to which where gay men and lesbians live is a free choice,” said Amy Spring, an assistant professor of sociology at Georgia State University. “Some may want to live out of the gayborhood, but housing discrimination or fear of not being socially accepted may restrict their other options. Similarly, some may want to live in the gayborhood but have been pushed out through gentrification. I have heard examples of both in my research and writing.”
Where do lesbian couples live in San Diego?
To figure out the answer, I used a service called Census Reporter to create a map based on census data. It shows the ZIP codes in San Diego County and highlights the ones with the highest percentages of unmarried same-sex female couples based on census estimates from 2010-2015.
The highlighted ZIP codes are the ones with the highest percentages of these couples. The hottest spots — the darkest ZIP codes — are the gay-friendly Mid-City San Diego ZIP codes of 92116 (Normal Heights), 92103 (Hillcrest) and 92104 (North Park) and 91901 (the East County town of Alpine). The census estimates that a bit more than 1 percent of households in all these zip codes are unmarried same-sex female couples.
That doesn't seem like a lot, just 1 in 100. But it's much higher than the percentage of these couples in the county as a whole (0.1 percent).
Alpine, by the way, is no progressive utopia. It went overwhelmingly for Donald Trump in the last presidential election, while some Mid-City neighborhoods gave more than 80 percent of their vote to Hillary Clinton. Still, the census thinks Alpine is home to dozens of lesbian couples.
Another way to look at census data is to analyze how many of these couples live in individual census tracts, which are much smaller than ZIP codes and provide a very local view of who lives where. Countywide, the top two census tracts with the highest percentages of unmarried lesbian couples are in an area of northern North Park (3 percent of households or about 86 couples) and an area of southern North Park (also 3 percent of households, about 78 couples). You can find other clusters of lesbian couples in chunks of communities like Vista, Escondido, Imperial Beach, Rancho Peñasquitos, El Cajon, Julian and more.
Click here to find an interactive version of the map that allows you to zoom in and click on individual ZIP codes to see the data that the census has collected about unmarried female same-sex couples. If you'd like to poke around by census tract, click here.
So do Alpine and Hillcrest have the same number of lesbian couples?
No. We're talking percentages, not actual numbers. The census estimates the Hillcrest ZIP code, 92103, is home to 195 unmarried female same-sex couples, while the less-populous Alpine ZIP code, 91901, has about 73.
But the entire county is estimated to have 1,425 of these couples, so 73 is a lot for one little community out on the I-8 that lots of people couldn't find on a map.
Where do gay couples live in San Diego?
Gay men appear to be much more concentrated than lesbians. The hot spots are in and around Hillcrest, the longtime (and male-oriented) center of San Diego gay life: 4 percent of households in 92103 (Hillcrest) are estimated to be unmarried gay male couples and 2 percent of households in 92104 (North Park) are.
As for census tracts, a whopping 10 percent of all households in census tract 60 — in Bankers Hill, west of the northwest corner of Balboa Park — are same-sex male couples, about 202 of them. There are few census tracts outside Mid-City that have high percentages of these couples. (In the county as a whole, just 0.3 percent of households, roughly 3,270, are unmarried gay male couples.)
Click here for an interactive map that you can explore yourself. Click on your ZIP code and you'll see how many of these couples the census thinks live around you. Wanna get more granular? Try this map that explores these numbers by census tract.
Why are the patterns so different for gay men and women?
It's not unusual in the United States for gay men to cluster in urban areas — in “gayborhoods” like Hillcrest — and lesbians to be less concentrated. “Coupled women tend to live in less urban areas, while men opt for bigger cities,” said Amin Ghaziani, author of the 2014 book “There Goes the Gayborhood?” “Traditional gayborhoods consist of more single-occupancy apartments at relatively high rents, but lesbian households seek the reverse: lower-rent, more family-oriented units.”
Researchers point out that lesbians are more likely to have families than gay men and tend to be poorer. Also, “some lesbians reject gayborhoods because they find them unwelcoming,” said Ghaziani, an associate professor of sociology at the University of British Columbia. “Gay men are still men, after all, and they are not exempt from the sexism that characterizes all men, gay and straight alike.”
How accurate is all this?
These maps are only rough estimates of where gay people live.
Keep in mind that we're only looking at census data about people who were willing to describe themselves as unmarried same-sex couples from 2010-2015. (While the census is now tracking married same-sex couples, that information isn't available to be mapped yet.)
Even so, “this is still the best national data we have on same-sex partners,” said Spring, the Georgia State University professor. “For researchers like me who study the geography of same-sex partners, it really is the only data we have, and we have to work with its weaknesses.”
What's the deal with Hillcrest?
Hillcrest is a kind of homeland for San Diego gays. But while Hillcrest's been the center of gay San Diego for about half a century, the local gay community dates even further back.
World War II brought both gay men and lesbians to cities like San Diego, New York City, Los Angeles and San Francisco. They often stayed after the war.
By the mid-1960s, Hillcrest was full of elderly people and had plenty of dilapidated homes, making it a perfect neighborhood for gentrification to take root. As the seniors moved out or died off, gays moved in and fix up the older homes. Gay bars began to pop up, led by the landmark Brass Rail, which relocated from downtown. By the late 1970s, The San Diego Union recognized Hillcrest as a gay-friendly neighborhood.
Neighborhood like Hillcrest still have value even as LGBT people are more accepted, said Ghaziani, the professor and author.
“Gayborhoods allow gays and lesbians to find one another for friendship and fellowship, sex, dating, and love, despite the ascendance of dating apps,” they said. “They can create unique cultures, political perspectives, organizations and businesses, families and rituals. These urban areas thus stand on guard against a problem of preserving our history. They help us answer the question, ‘Who are my people?' and they offer a renewed sense of our roots.”
ROGERS, Ark. (AP) - An outbreak of mumps in northwest Arkansas has spread into Rogers.
Rogers School District spokesperson Ashley Siwiec told reporters Thursday that at least two students likely had mumps.
Arkansas Health Department epidemiologist Dr. Dirk Haselow said there are 76 confirmed or suspected cases of the virus that was first found in late August in Springdale schools.
The outbreak is the state's largest since 2010 when five cases were confirmed. It's centered in northwest Arkansas, where the Health Department says the opt-out rate for vaccinations exceeds any other area of the state. State law allows parents to claim medical, religious or philosophical exemptions from school vaccination requirements.
Mumps is a viral infection that causes swelling in the salivary glands and cheeks and may include headaches, fatigue, muscle aches and low-grade fevers.
It is nice, on occasion, to be right about something. The CAS decision against Contador went pretty much exactly as I said it would: an athlete had a banned product in their system. The CAS enforced the rules as written. The rest was just window dressing.
Of course, there are also times when it would be nice to be wrong. Like when hours later, the head of the UCI says “There are no winners when it comes to the issue of doping”; as I've noted before, the UCI always seems inclined to respond with the worst possible answer.
In this case, the statement isn't just factually untrue (Cyclingnews has a list of winners newly-minted by the case), but in spirit, it spits in the eye of everyone trying to race the sport cleanly. Because of this case, everyone who didn't take a supplement, or a cold medicine, or a saddle-sore cream because it might make them turn out a fasle positive, is a winner. Guys like Johan VanSummeren—who's currently gutting it out at Tour of Qatar when a single, illegal cortisone shot could simplify their life tremendously—are the winners.
Let's say for the sake of argument that Contador did come across Clenbuterol through a contaminated steak. Clearing them would send the message that going the extra mile to find clean food is wasted effort, and thus imply that any rider who spent time doing so senselessly undermined their own TdF performance. It would have also given anyone testing positive under less-innocent circumstances in the future the ready-made excuse of “the phantom steak”. These are the sorts of outcomes where no one is a winner.
It's disheartening to hear no less than the great Eddy Merckx trot out the old boilerplate that “it's bad for the sport” to see a rider like Contador punished to the letter of the law. Under what definition of “bad” would The Cannibal place the transition from ineffective tests and limp-wristed sanctioning to the most accure and rigorously enforced anti-doping program in the world?
Is it “bad” that fewer 20-something cyclists die in their sleep? “Bad” that low-wage cyclists don't have to take a 10% haircut to cover “medication” for the season? “Bad” that if someone breaks the rules, they now have a reasonable expectation of being caught and punished?
I think RCS Sport director Michele Acquarone was unintentionally apt when they invoked the naiveté of children in their reaction to the news of Contador's sanction. We're grown-ups and we live in a grown-up world where sometimes people cheat, and we make the grown-up decision to try and punish them when they do. But I'm inclined to disagree with their assessment that everything that happend at last year's Giro was “fake”—after all, the fantasy of Santa Claus does not make the presents under the tree any less real.
For those of us who can handle reality doled out in adult-sized portions, there's a lot to like about yesterday's decision. It showed that no matter how fundamentally corrupt your national organization is, and no matter how big the races you've won, and no matter how many powerful, politically-connected people come to your aid, the CAS is not going to be swayed by anything short of Nazi Frogmen. It's a message that's come about seven years too late, but I'm glad to see it get here, just the same.
Cycling won on Monday, and if there's a scourge to match doping in the sport, it's the hand-wringing defeatism of those who refuse to acknowledge the victory.
Barry Humphries should apologise for saying that people who undergo gender reassignment surgery are just “mutilated men” or be sacked from their BBC radio show, the corporation's leading transgender actor has said.
'If they retract the statement I'd say he's said sorry, and move on.'
Rebecca Root, the star of BBC Two's Boy Meets Girl , and the first leading transgender performer in a BBC comedy, said that Humphries's “retrograde” comments were “resonant of the bad old days”.
The Australian comic, famously known for their female alter-ego, Dame Edna Everage, was asked what they thought of Germaine Greer's comments that people like Caitlyn Jenner, who was once the American athlete Bruce Jenner, were merely men “who believe that they are women and have themselves castrated”.
They told The Daily Telegraph: “I agree with Germaine! You're a mutilated man that's all. Self-mutilation, what's all this carry on? Caitlyn Jenner – what a publicity-seeking ratbag. It's all given the stamp – not of respectability, but authenticity or something. If you criticise anything you're racist or sexist or homophobic.”
Root said that the BBC should give Humphries the opportunity to retract their comments and apologise, but if, as Greer did, they refused, they should be sacked. They said: “If they retract the statement I'd say he's said sorry, and move on. But if they do a Germaine Greer, I'd say he's gone too far and the BBC should reconsider its position on giving them a show.
'This sense of humour resonates with the bad old days of Bernard Manning and Jim Davidson; dinosaurs from the 1970s' Rebecca Root
“It's rather disappointing for me as I've always liked Barry Humphries, and I've seen Dame Edna on stage. The fact is that this sense of humour resonates with the bad old days of Bernard Manning and Jim Davidson; dinosaurs from the 1970s. It's very retrograde, and I hoped we'd moved on from it.”
Humphries's new series, Barry's Forgotten Musical Masterpieces, begins on Radio 2 on January 13. The BBC said it would not sack the presenter. A spokesperson said: “Barry Humphries is a freelance presenter for BBC Radio 2 and these are their personal views, which are not reflected in their radio programme.”
As pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong intensify ahead of a national holiday on Wednesday, protesters are turning by the tens of thousands to a decentralised messaging service to communicate and organize—even as the authorities crack down on online dissent, and dangerous fake apps proliferate.
Launched to little fanfare in March 2014, FireChat is a decentralized messaging service that allows users to communicate without the need of an Internet connection. It does so using “mesh networks,” a series of nodes created by all the users within range. Produced by the Open Garden Foundation, which aims to “enable access to knowledge and the global hive mind through creating apps for sharing Internet connectivity,” at the time of its launch FireChat marketed itself for fairly prosaic uses: “when camping, at the beach, or on the subway.”
Initial reports on the app did note Firechat's potential seditionary applications, however, and the app saw an uptick in use during protests in Iran and Taiwan in 2014, CEO Micha Menoliel told the BBC. But it took Hong Kong's spiralling protests to propel FireChat firmly into the spotlight.
Thousands of protesters congregate at Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.
Photo via Citobun / Wikimedia Commons (CC BY-SA 4.0)
The protests were sparked by a refusal by Chinese authorities to allow Hong Kong's 2017 elections to be fully democratic, but they're also tapping into broader fears and uncertainties over the future of the autonomous region. Tens of thousands have taken to the streets of Hong Kong, one of the world's key financial centers, and the authorities have responded violently at times, deploying riot police who have fired tear gas and pepper spray on the crowds. (The crowds' use of umbrellas to deflect these noxious substances has earned the protests the name the “Umbrella Revolution.”)
FireChat has now offered an easy way for protesters to organize in public chatrooms powered by Bluetooth, and ensure that should Chinese government chooses to restrict or switch off Internet access, communication will continue unimpeded.
More than 100,000 people in Hong Kong have now downloaded the app. At its peak on Sunday, more than 33,000 people were using it simultaneously. Open Garden has since responded to the app's explosion in use, saying they're working to implement encryption on the platform, something “a lot of people in Hong Kong” have been reportedly asking for.
A “cellphone vigil” at the 2014 protest.
Photo via Citobun/Wikimedia Commons (CC BY-SA 4.0)
FireChat's rapid uptake during the protests has been widely reported on, and it now looks likely to be the defining technological symbol of the unrest—just as Twitter was during the Arab Spring, or BBM (BlackBerry Messenger) was during the London riots in 2011.
But increasingly, the events in Hong Kong show that apps aren't just a way to organize real-world protest—they're an entirely new frontier for dissent, and authorities are responding accordingly.
First, Instagram—a hub for photos of the unrest—was blocked in mainland China (though it remained available to those in Hong Kong.) Then, a variety of terms relating to the protests, including “Occupy Central” and #OccupyHK were banned on Chinese social media site Weibo. Now, BuzzFeed reports, everything from “Hong Kong police” to “umbrella” was censored by China's infamous “Great Firewall” filtering system.
In a bizarre sign of the Chinese authorities' determination to stamp out any possible dissent, even PornHub—for the very first time—has fallen foul of the censors. Other sites already censored include the New York Times, Facebook and YouTube.
Meanwhile, malicious spyware is doing the rounds in Hong Kong, disguised as a coordination tool for protesters. The South China Morning Post reports that links to download “Code4HK” are being spammed to those in Hong Kong, taking advantage of the civil unrest to infect users' phones. Upon downloading, it reportedly begins monitoring phone data including contacts, phone calls and text messages.
The source of malware is unclear, but researchers say it connects to a server in South Korea.
Code4HK—just like China's censorship—is a clear sign that protest and civil unrest now exists as much in the digital sphere as in the physical, and that those seeking to disrupt it (whether to maintain order or just for personal gain) are going to have to take the virtual world just as seriously as they do the real one.
Subscribe to the Daily Dot Politics newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter at @DotPolitics.
Photo via Citobun/Wikimedia Commons (CC BY-SA 4.0)
A tourist gazes up towards the dome of the U.S. Capitol in Washington. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Last week we told you how Texas Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Texas) became the first sitting elected official in Washington to accept Bitcoin for their 2014 campaign against Sen. John Cornyn.
Dan Backer is going to make sure Stockman is not the last.
Today, Backer, a campaign finance lawyer, is launching Bit-PAC, the first ever Bitcoin political action committee designed to support candidates who will promote the digital currency's acceptance.
"Our effort here is how to align the interests of legislators with that of the Bitcoin community to promote the broader acceptance of Bitcoin, both as an instrument of speech and of commerce," they told BI by phone in Washington.
Backer, a conservative who serves as counsel to over 30 PACs and, directly or indirectly, 20 Members of the U.S. House and Senate, came up with the PAC on their own, and led the case that got the Federal Election Committee to look into allowing Bitcoin in campaigns. The agency has punted for now, but Backer believes they can't in good conscience say no.
"It's your right to contribute to candidates however you want to. If you want to give a candidate 5,000 plastic cups, if it has a monetary value, your entitled to contribute."
Political action committees serve as mediums for channeling donations to candidates who support certain issues. Right now, there is no pending legislation regarding Bitcoin: The two days of Senate hearings that took place in November have not led to much, other than a general realization on the Hill that Bitcoin is now mainstream.
But Backer claims there are other outside candidates besides Stockman (a client of Backer's firm) who've announced they're taking Bitcoin, and that the 2014 election is crucial to getting Bitcoin-friendly candidates into office, because it will inevitably start to come up in policy committees.
Peter Sinks is a natural sinkhole in northern Utah that is one of the coldest places in the contiguous United States.
Peter Sinks is located 8,100 feet (2,500 m) above sea level, in the Bear River Mountains east of Logan, within the Wasatch-Cache National Forest. Due to temperature inversions that trap cold nocturnal air, it routinely produces the coldest temperatures in the state. Even in the summer, the bottom of the sinkhole rarely goes four consecutive days without freezing. It is so cold near the bottom of the hole that trees are unable to grow.
On 1 February 1985, a temperature of −69.3 °F (−56.3 °C) was recorded there, the lowest recorded temperature in Utah, and the second-coldest temperature ever recorded in the continental United States.[1]
Peter Sinks was discovered meteorologically by Utah State University student Zane Stephens in 1983.[2] Stephens, along with the Utah Climate Center, placed measuring instruments in the valley in the winter of 1984. On February 1, 1985, Peter Sinks dropped to −69.3 °F (−56.3 °C), while another nearby valley, Middle Sink, located 3 miles (4.8 km) to the north-east, dropped to −64 °F (−53 °C). Stephens hiked into Middle Sink to record the temperature personally. They then flew into Peter Sinks in a KUTV television station helicopter with broadcasting Meteorologist Mark Eubank. State Climatologist Gayle Bingham also traveled to the area and confirmed the temperature. The alcohol thermometer being used was retrieved and sent to the Bureau of Standards in Washington, D.C. to confirm the temperature.
Since 1985, Peter Sinks and Middle Sink have been studied extensively by Stephens and Tim Wright with the use of Campbell Scientific weather equipment. On January 29, 2002, the temperature dropped to −62 °F (−52 °C) at Middle Sink. Stephens and Wright's main study is the change in temperature through the inversion at these sites. These valleys act like a dam trapping cold air, with the coldest of the air settling to the bottom of the valley. Stephens and Wright have found that temperatures between the cold air "lake" and the warmer air above the valley can be different by as much as 70 °F (39 °C).
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
On Wednesday afternoon, two students and a teacher at Townville Elementary School in Townville, South Carolina, were shot by a single gunman, according to CNN. The two students who were shot were flown to a nearby medical hospital and their conditions were not known, according to WYFF News 4 on Facebook. WYFF was reporting from the scene on Wednesday afternoon, and the live video feed from the network's Facebook page was filled with comments of support from people — many of them parents — around the country. But, what was frustrating about the comments, was how many of them said things like "Prayers for Townville!" Each time an instance of gun violence happens in the U.S., people respond with prayers, and, because the violence just keeps happening, it's clear that prayers for Townville mean nothing. What the country needs is common sense gun violence prevention legislation.
According to WYFF 4, the shooter was reportedly a teenager, and they were taken into custody Wednesday afternoon. It's unclear what their motive was or how they were tied to the kids at the elementary school. The inclination to send "prayers" in response to a shooting like the one at Townville Elementary School or Umpqua Community College in Oregon or Sandy Hook Elementary (the list goes on) makes sense: people don't have control over the situation, and that lack of control frightens them — especially when the people who are endangered are children.
I'm not knocking genuine care for children or for the victims of mass shootings. But, the truth is that too many people become the victims of gun violence because prayers are all we use in response to tragedies that seem to repeat themselves weekly.
From 1966 to 2012, nearly one-third of the world's mass shootings took place in the United States, according to CNN. And, according to data from 2013, people have a greater chance of dying in a mass shooting if they are at school or at work, according to CNN. After the shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida, the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, the Senate failed to pass any additional measures on gun safety. In June, the Senate attempted to adopt four different proposals: the first would have banned anyone on the terrorist watch list from purchasing weapons or explosives (the least popular proposal); the second would require a 72-hour delay on sale of explosives and weapons to anyone under investigation for terrorism or who had been suspected of terrorism in the last five years; the third was a universal background check proposal; and the last was about additions to the mental health system.
Despite their shortcomings, none of the proposals were seriously considered or debated — all were shot down. The most popular proposal — universal background checks for all gun sales, even those conducted at gun shows and on the internet — was also proposed and shot down after Sandy Hook, when 20 children and 6 adults were killed. Universal background checks are supported by 90 percent of Americans, according to Politifact (which double-checked the validity of the statistic against debunkers).
Still, a teenager was able to get a weapon and walk into an elementary school and shoot three people. Despite widespread support for some kind of restriction on gun purchase or some kind of background check, politicians refuse to adopt gun safety legislation. Much of it has to do with the funding many of them get from the National Rifle Association, but the rest of it has to do with the fact that they aren't being pressured by enough Americans. When shootings happen, Americans send prayers, they mourn, they tweet with hashtags, and then they move on.
The nation rejects fast food
McDonald's happy image and its golden arches aren't the gateway to bliss in Bolivia. This South American country isn't falling for the barrage of advertising and fast food cooking methods that so easily engulf countries like the United States. Bolivians simply don't trust food prepared in such little time.
The quick and easy, mass production method of fast food actually turns Bolivians off altogether. Sixty percent of Bolivians are an indigenous population who generally don't find it worth their health or money to step foot in a McDonald's. Despite its economically friendly fast food prices, McDonald's couldn't coax enough of the indigenous population of Bolivia to eat their BigMacs, McNuggets or McRibs.
One indigenous woman, Esther Choque, waiting for a bus to arrive outside a McDonald's restaurant, said,
“The closest I ever came was one day when a rain shower fell and I climbed the steps to keep dry by the door. Then they came out and shooed me away. They said I was dirtying the place. Why would I care if McDonald's leaves [Bolivia]?”
Fast food chain remained for a decade, despite losses every year
The eight remaining McDonald's fast food shops that stuck it out in the Bolivian city's of La Paz, Cochabamba, and Santa Cruz de la Sierra, had reportedly operated on losses every year for a decade. The McDonald's franchise had been persistent over that time, flexing its franchise's deep pockets to continue business in Bolivia.
Any small business operating in the red for that long would have folded and left the area in less than half that time. Even as persistent as McDonald's was in gaining influence there, it couldn't continue operating in the red. After 14 years of presence in the country, their extensive network couldn't hold up the Bolivian chain. Store after store shut down as Bolivia rejected the McDonald's fast food agenda. Soon enough, they kissed the last McDonald's goodbye.
[divider]
Deep cultural rejection
The McDonald's impact and its departure from Bolivia was so lasting and important, that marketing managers immediately filmed a documentary called, “Why McDonald's's went broke in Bolivia.”
Featuring, cooks, nutritionist, historians, and educators, this documentary breaks down the disgusting reality of how McDonald's food is prepared and why Bolivians reject the whole fast food philosophy of eating.
The rejection isn't necessarily based on the taste or the type of food McDonald's prepared. The rejection of the fast food system stemmed from Bolivian's mindset of how meals are to be properly prepared. Bolivians more so respect their bodies, valuing the quality of what goes into their stomach. The time it takes for fast food to be prepared throws up a warning flag in their minds. Where other cultures see no risk, eating McDonald's every week; Bolivians feel that it just isn't worth the health risk. Bolivians seek well prepared, local meals, and want to know that their food was prepared the right way.
This self respect helps Bolivians avoid processed “restructured meat technology,” often used by fast food joints like McDonald's.
[divider]
The McRib: 70 ingredients all restructured into one
Did you know that the McRib is processed with 70 different ingredients which include azodicarbonamide, a flour-bleaching agent often used in producing foamed plastics? McRib's are basically “restructured meat technology” containing a mixture of tripe, heart, and scalded stomach.
Proteins are extracted from this muscle mixture and they bind the pork trimmings together so they can be molded in a factory. The McRib is really just a molded blob of restructured meat, advertised and sold like fresh ribs. There's nothing real about it, the preparation or the substance. In fact, McRibs really came about because of a chicken shortage. The restructured meat technology approach kept the McRib on the menu, despite the shortage, and the profits continued rolling in.
This is the very disgusting idea that the Bolivians have rejected in their country.
The Bolivian rejection of McDonald's has set a proper example for the rest of the world to follow.
[divider]
By Lance Devon | NaturalNews
Sheldon Adelson Getty Images
UPDATED 11:07 a.m. ET
The billionaire casino magnate backing Newt Gingrich said they are prepared to give $100 million to help the former House speaker in their quest for the White House if they decide it is necessary.
Sheldon Adelson, who has already given $11 million to the outside group backing Gingrich and is expected to give another $10 million in the coming days, told Forbes magazine they are prepared to spend five times that amount.
Adelson told the business magazine that those who criticize them for propping up Gingrich "like to trash other people."
"It's unfair that I've been treated unfair--but it doesn't stop me. I might give $10 million or $100 million to Gingrich," Adelson said. It was not clear when the comments were made.
The owner of the Venetian casino and resort said they do not like the way wealthy individuals are able to influence elections but they will continue to do it as long as they can.
Forbes estimated Adelson's net worth at $25 billion, making the $11 million already given to "Winning our Future" a mere 0.044 percent of their fortune. The Huffington Post has calculated Adelson makes about $3.3 million per hour.
"I'm against very wealthy people attempting to or influencing elections," Adelson said.
"But as long as it's doable I'm going to do it. Because I know that guys like (investor George) Soros have been doing it for years, if not decades. And they stay below the radar by creating a network of corporations to funnel their money. I have my own philosophy and I'm not ashamed of it. I gave the money because there is no other legal way to do it. I don't want to go through ten different corporations to hide my name. I'm proud of what I do and I'm not looking to escape recognition," they added.
The super PAC, "Winning our Future," bombarded the airwaves in South Carolina last month ahead of the primary there, and is largely credited with helping Gingrich win in the Palmetto state.
Adelson has previously indicated their support for Gingrich is based on their shared commitment to Israel. But the billionaire has indicated in the past that despite their ongoing support for Gingrich, they will maintain a commitment to whoever becomes the Republican nominee.
The publication asked the billionaire if they would support Rep. Ron Paul should the Texas lawmaker become the GOP nominee.
"If Ron Paul is chosen I certainly wouldn't do that," they said, prompting the editor to ask about former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.
"I don't want to say. Newspapers said I had two meetings with Romney and Gingrich (on Feb. 3), which is untrue. Most of what is being said about me in this current brouhaha is just not true. I know Romney; I like him. I know (former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick) Santorum; I like him. ... The likelihood is that I'm going to be supportive of whoever the candidate is. I just haven't decided that yet and will wait to see what happens," Adelson said.
It doesn't take much to set off the fury of the hacktivist collective Anonymous. Last night a California cop made a tweet suggesting he'd shoot hackers. Now he's been run off Twitter and is under an official investigation.
Richmond Police Department Sgt. Mike Rood became a target after they offered their support on Twitter to UFC President Dana White, who has been engaged in an entertaining feud with Anonymous over their vocal anti-piracy stance.
Last Thursday, Rood tweeted this:
Some Anonymous sympathizers caught wind of this last night, and their tweet was picked up by the popular Twitter account YourAnonnews. Anonymous overwhelmed the Richmond Police Department page with news that one of their cops was talking about shooting people on Twitter, and posted pictures of what appears to be Rood's badge and their truck (Rood used their Twitter handle for their vanity license plate, which is always a bad idea if you think you may become the target of a digital mob in the near future.)
The Richmond Police Department was flooded with complaints and now they're opening an investigation, according to The Mercury News. Think before you tweet: Could this summon thousands of angry nerds to destroy my life?
[Image via gaelx/Flickr and Mike Rood's Twitter]
Eamex, a Japanese company, claims to have figured out how to greatly increase the lifespan of the high-capacity lithium-ion batteries that run hybrids and electric vehicles.
The new batteries can supposedly survive 10,000 charge cycles and 20 years, which is quite a bit better than what we've got now. How do they work?
The main idea is to stabilize the electrodes and prevent the deterioration of tin, making the batteries withstand repeated charges. The batteries have a negative electrode that incorporates a tin-coated resin and accumulates lithium ions coming from the positive electrode. The positive electrode is made of silicon and tin and swells while generating the ions. As a result, the repeated charging and discharging causes the binding between particles in the tin to weaken, but Eamex's technology helps to effectively maintain the bonding among those particles.
Advertisement
Neat! If the tech lives up to the claims, we should see these guys in electric vehicles within a few years. [CrunchGear]
A pro-nuclear environmental group wants the California Public Utilities Commission to step down from considering whether to approve a proposal that would lead to the shutdown of the last remaining nuclear power plant in the state, saying the agency is too riven with controversy to make a fair ruling.
Instead, a Berkeley-based group called Environmental Progress filed a motion on Wednesday urging the CPUC to hand over the fate of the Diablo Canyon nuclear plant to the state Legislature.
"The CPUC should not do anything on this proposal because it is in a crisis of legitimacy," said Michael Shellenberger, the president of Environmental Progress. "We're arguing for a legislative remedy that encompasses the full reform that this agency in crisis needs, which may include (the CPUC) just getting disbanded."
The CPUC offered little comment on the 20-page motion by Environmental Progress, with public information officer Christopher Chow writing via email, "we will consider the motion and respond as appropriate."
But Pacific Gas & Electric, the investor-owned utility that operates Diablo Canyon, said it was confident the CPUC process considering the proposed shutdown will be "open and transparent."
"The motion filed by Environmental Progress would only unnecessarily delay this public process from going forward," said Blair Jones, PG&E spokesperson in an email, adding that the utility intends to oppose the motion.
By its own admission, the CPUC is under two criminal investigations, including one by the state Attorney General's Office. The commission has also run up more than $12 million in legal bills to answer subpoenas, search warrants and other demands on its regulators related to their dealings with energy executives.
The commission has hired outside lawyers to process demands for emails and other records related to a 2010 natural gas explosion in San Bruno that killed eight and the 2012 failure of the San Onofre nuclear plant on San Diego County's north coast.
State agents are examining a secret March 2013 meeting in Warsaw, Poland, between former commission president Michael Peevey and an executive from Southern California Edison, where an early framework was established to take care of $4.7 billion in premature closure costs for the San Onofre plant.
The deal ended up assigning 70 percent of those costs to customers, rather than to shareholders of Edison and co-owner San Diego Gas & Electric.
Regulators in May announced that the commission was reopening the San Onofre plant's cost settlement.
Peevey's home was raided in early 2015, with investigators seizing computers and other items.
A bill aimed at overhauling the CPUC died in the legislative session in Sacramento that ended Aug. 31, disappointing some reform advocates, although two other pieces of legislation calling for changes managed to get through.
The commission has also been involved in a court battle over some 60 San Onofre-related emails between regulators and the office of Gov. Jerry Brown that the CPUC has been withholding.
"There's a set of unanswered questions around the last settlement (San Onofre) that involves parties to this (proposed) settlement involving Diablo Canyon," Shellenberger said.
On June 20, PG&E filed a proposal with the CPUC calling for Diablo Canyon to be completely phased out by 2025. PG&E was joined by a number of labor and environmental groups approving of the closure.
Under the plan, PG&E will make up for the loss of electrical power generated at Diablo Canyon through a combination of greater contributions from renewable energy sources, energy efficiency and energy storage.
PG&E also anticipates its power burden will decrease over time as more of its customers switch from a big utility model to community-choice aggregation, which allows local governments to pool their electricity load.
"The benefit of the joint proposal is it tries to give PG&E and the state nine years to deal with the replacement," said John Geesman, attorney for Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility, one of four environmental groups that signed on with PG&E.
Environmental Progress has been a sharp critic of the proposed shutdown, saying the elimination of nuclear power will make the state even more reliant on natural gas.
Shellenberger called the move to get the PG&E joint proposal approved a "rush job," which PG&E officials deny.
The motion filed on Wednesday mentioned that Geesman and Peevey talked to each other when the San Onofre settlement was being considered.
In a later interview with the San Diego Union-Tribune, Geesman said the two men discussed setting up a research group to look into the effects of greenhouse gas emissions.
In Wednesday's motion, Environmental Progress said Geesman did not properly disclose that part of the discussion — called an ex parte communication between a commissioner and outside parties — in a separate filing.
Geesman dismissed the claim in a telephone interview Thursday.
"I did file the required ex parte disclosure," Geesman said. "Under the PUC rules, you are not supposed to disclose what the PUC decision-maker (Peevey) said, only what you said."
Of the Environmental Progress filing, Geesman said, "I'm not sure if I'd call it a motion or a press release."
Shellenberger said their group's call for the CPUC to essentially recuse itself from the Diablo Canyon decision and have the Legislature take over is not a long shot.
A Letter to Barack Obama
I invite you to read my letter.
Tutorials
I wrote these tutorials for Marissa Dominguez during a research scholarship they were awarded in 2014.
Amath 301
This page has some solutions to various homeworks and exams, along with some exercises and extra credit problems I wrote up while TAing AMATH 301 at UW.
Links
Veterans for Peace
Iraq Veterans Against the War
Dimensions is a beautiful film about mathematics. It's free to watch online and it intuitively presents topics like stereographic projection, Julia sets, 4-dimensional objects...
Chaos is another film by the makers of Dimensions. It talks about dynamical systems and chaos. I highly recommend watching it if you're taking any class with "calculus" in the title.
This is an excellent C++ tutorial.
Winston Reid stood out as West Ham notched a victory against Leicester City.
Winston Reid proved their importance to West Ham with a commanding display as they beat Leicester City 2-0.
With Manchester United dropping points, the Hammers closed the gap on the Premier League's third placed team to just one point.
Andy Carroll and Stewart Downing scored the goals, but a clean sheet was every bit as vital to the victory. Here's a look at how the defenders rated:
Match Won Tackles Interceptions Aerial Duels Won Accurate Crosses Shots Blocked Assists Goals Total Mins Played Winston Reid West Ham vs Leicester 2 5 12 0 1 0 0 20 90 James Tomkins West Ham vs Leicester 0 1 9 0 0 0 0 10 69 Aaron Cresswell West Ham vs Leicester 1 1 3 0 0 0 0 5 90 James Collins West Ham vs Leicester 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 2 21 Carl Jenkinson West Ham vs Leicester 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 90
Using HITC's formula to assess defensive performances by adding up key attributes, Reid's score of 20 was the very best in the entire Premier League on Saturday.
Reid won just one less aerial duel than the rest of their fellow defenders combined, and delivered more than twice as many interceptions than the rest of them put together.
There remains uncertainty over the centre-back's future with their contract up at the end of the season, and rival clubs interested, but if the Hammers want to continue their upwards trend, keeping them will be essential.
HTC will soon begin rolling out its Android Marshmallow for carrier versions of the One M9 across North America. Canadian One M9 owners on Sasktel, Rogers, Wind, and Videotron should receive the update early next week, according to HTC's Mo Versi.
Great news for our Sasktel, Rogers, Wind and Videotron HTC One M9 owners! We'll go live on Monday for the Marshmallow OS update. Thank you!
Additionally, U.S. owners of the One M8 on Sprint are set to get the update by the middle of next week. Finally, an update the the T-Mobile version of the One M8 is currently in testing, with a targeted release date of Jan. 25. HTC previously rolled out Marshamllow to the unlocked version of the One M9.
Source: Mo Versi (Twitter) (1), (2), (3)
FLASHBACK: Ben Affleck Melts Down Debating Islam With Sam Harris And Bill Maher: "That's Gross And Racist"
This is from an October 3, 2014 episode of HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher that is related to Sam Harris' appearance on this week's broadcast of the show.
"Thank god you're here," Affleck said sarcastically.
"We have been sold this meme of Islamophobia, where every criticism of the doctrine of Islam get conflated as bigotry against Muslims as people. It is intellectually ridiculous."
"So are you the person who understands the officially codified version of Islam?" asked Affleck. "You're the interpreter of that?"
"You're saying that Islamophobia is not a real thing?" Affleck asked.
"I'm not denying that certain people are bigoted against Muslims," Harris said. Earlier in the program, Harris and the host had debated self-loathing liberals who have "allied" with Muslims against the West.
"That's gross," Affleck said. "It is racist. It's like saying you're a 'shifty Jew.' You guys are saying: 'If you want to be liberals, believe in liberal principles, like freedom of speech...' "
"We have to be able to criticize bad ideas. Islam at this moment is the motherlode of bad ideas," Harris said.
"Jesus Christ!" said Affleck. "That's not a fact, that is an ugly thing to say."
"How about the more than a billion people who aren't fanatics, who don't punish women," they asked. "You're stereotyping," they said. "You're painting the whole religion with a bad brush."
Still on the highest level of alert after a series of deadly terror attacks, France will see unprecedented numbers of security personnel on duty on New Year's Eve.
Weeks after the French government extended the national State of Emergency — already in place for over a year — thousands of police, crowd control specialists, and soldiers will protect celebrations from terror attacks.
France's Le Figaro reports among the near 100,000 force deployed tonight will be 52,500 police officers, 5,600 border police, 4,000 members of the specially trained riot-control Republican Security Companies, and officers of the elite SWAT-equivalent RAID force.
This force will be backed up by tens of thousands of soldiers presently deployed on Operation Sentinel, the French military mission providing security to the mainland since the November 2015 Bataclan attack which killed 130. The deployment has predominantly focused on protecting schools, synagogues, railway stations, and other public sites considered prime terror targets.
Speaking to the press one officer involved in planning the layered defence for New Year's Eve celebrations said: “The security measures take into account the terrorist risk and in particular the new operating modes which use a vehicle such as a truck as a weapon”. Measures include the deployment of concrete blocks like those seen in Berlin after the Christmas market attack, and heavy government vehicles parked as improvised roadblocks.
Similar deployments are to be seen on New Year's Eve in New York where dozens of garbage trucks loaded with sand are to be deployed around Times Square to prevent ram-raid attacks like those seen in France and Germany this year.
In addition to these measures, restrictions on the sale of alcohol, fireworks, and petrol will also be in place. Other powers granted by the state of emergency including the ability to enforce house arrest for those considered posing a threat and the power for police to close down gatherings and meetings remain in place.
While Nice — already the target of one of the most deadly terror attacks in France ever this year — are witnessing comparatively limited police deployments of a few hundred officers and soldiers, other cities are seeing more. Strasbourg, the second home of the European Parliament will see over 600 men deployed for security.
France's terror-target cities aren't the only settlements seeing major security deployments for New Year's Eve. Breitbart London reported today with exclusive pictures the situation in the United Kingdom's capital, with extensive measures in place to prepare.
In addition to officers and concrete barriers on the street, the Metropolitan Police announced they would be staging regular armed patrols on underground trains over the course of the evening.
Top Military Commander and Courts Support Right to Protest
In response to comments from those supporting the police crackdowns on peaceful protesters exercising their constitutional rights but violating local ordinances (see comments here), reader Purplemuse writes:
The Constitution supersedes local ordinances that are being used to OBSTRUCT 1st Amendment Rights. The camping ITSELF is in order to MAKE A STATEMENT – a First Amendment Right. Protesters are not camping because it is fun to expose yourself to the elements and hardship and you want to roast wienies and marshmallows and drink beer while swapping ghost stories. Would you listen to Colin Powell, retired four-star general in the United States Army, Powell also served as National Security Advisor (1987–1989), as Commander of the U.S. Army Forces Command (1989) and as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (1989–1993) when they say, “It isn't enough just to scream at the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations. We need our political system to start reflecting this anger back into, ‘How do we fix it? How do we get the economy going again?'” They also state that the Occupy Wall Street Protests are “As American as Apple Pie.” Do they go on to qualify their statement by saying, “as long as they obey local (misdemeanor) ordinances. No, they do not. They actually go on to say that they “gets” it. If a man, well above your rank, that you'd likely drop everything to stand up in a room to honor, “gets” that peaceful protests, by design (that's why they are referred to as ‘civil disobedience') infringe on ordinances and make the public uncomfortable in order to be heard, are as American as Apple Pie; do you think you could set your fear of disobedience aside long enough to defend those protesters against physical harm for exercising those American as Apple Pie Rights? If you can't than I think you need to join the ranks of officers who simply “do as they are told” and jab petite women in the spleen with billy clubs (as in Berkeley) in order to incite a riot. (BTW: They did not succeed, Berkeley stood firm in determined peace).
(Watch Powell's statement here).
Of course, it's not just Powell. Veterans from every branch of the military – and across 3 generations – are coming out to support the “occupy” protests.
And in response to the Berkeley police saying that linking arms and resisting attempts to clear a space is an act of “violence”, reader David writes:
It is every citizen's duty to resist false arrest There is no such crime as “resisting arrest.” This is a fictitious crime dreamed up by law enforcement to accuse a citizen of a crime when they refuse to surrender to the illegal demands of the police. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on numerous occasions that resisting a false arrest is not merely a citizen's right, but their duty! In fact, the Supreme Court has gone so far as to rule that if a law enforcement officer is killed as a result of actions stemming from a citizen's attempts to defend themselves against a false arrest, it is the fault of the officer, not the citizen. Here's a short collection of relevant court rulings on false arrest and resisting arrest: “When a person, being without fault, is in a place where they have a right to be, is violently assaulted, they may, without retreating, repel by force, and if, in the reasonable exercise of their right of self defense, their assailant is killed, they are justified.” Runyan v. State, 57 Ind. 80; Miller v. State, 74 Ind. 1. “These principles apply as well to an officer attempting to make an arrest, who abuses their authority and transcends the bounds thereof by the use of unnecessary force and violence, as they do to a private individual who unlawfully uses such force and violence.” Jones v. State, 26 Tex. App. I; Beaverts v. State, 4 Tex. App. 1 75; Skidmore v. State, 43 Tex. 93, 903. “An illegal arrest is an assault and battery. The person so attempted to be restrained of their liberty has the same right to use force in defending themselves as they would in repelling any other assault and battery.” (State v. Robinson, 145 ME. 77, 72 ATL. 260). “Each person has the right to resist an unlawful arrest. In such a case, the person attempting the arrest stands in the position of a wrongdoer and may be resisted by the use of force, as in self- defense.” (State v. Mobley, 240 N.C. 476, 83 S.E. 2d 100). Do individuals have the right to come to the aid of another citizens being falsely arrested? You bet they do. As another court case ruled: “One may come to the aid of another being unlawfully arrested, just as they may where one is being assaulted, molested, raped or kidnapped. Thus it is not an offense to liberate one from the unlawful custody of an officer, even though they may have submitted to such custody, without resistance.” (Adams v. State, 121 Ga. 16, 48 S.E. 910). And on the issue of actually killing an arresting officer in self defense: “Citizens may resist unlawful arrest to the point of taking an arresting officer's life if necessary.” Plummer v. State, 136 Ind. 306. This premise was upheld by the Supreme Court of the United States in the case: John Bad Elk v. U.S., 177 U.S. 529.
I believe that violence discredits the entire protest movement. I therefore hope that the protesters remain peaceful, even when confronted with unlawful arrests. However, as David points out, the police have no right to make unlawful arrests in the first place.
The Smurfit Kappa Group plc is Europe's leading corrugated packaging company and one of the leading paper-based packaging companies in the world. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
History [ edit ]
The company was established as a box-maker in Rathmines, Dublin in 1934 and was acquired by Mr Jefferson Smurfit in 1938, trading afterwards as Jefferson Smurfit.[2] It was listed on the Irish Stock Exchange in 1964 and acquired a partial interest in Time Industries, a Chicago-based paper and packaging company, in 1974.[3] Jefferson Smurfit grew under the leadership of the founder's son, Sir Michael Smurfit, who became Chief Executive in 1977.[4]
It merged its 46%-owned US business with Chicago-based Stone Container Corporation to form Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation in 1998.[5]
Jefferson Smurfit was the subject of a management buyout financed by Madison Dearborn Partners, Cinven Limited and CVC Capital Partners in 2002.[6] It merged with Kappa Packaging in 2005, changing its name to Smurfit Kappa,[7] and was the subject of an Initial Public Offering in 2007.[8]
In 2012 it bought Orange County Container, a US-based packaging company, for $340 million.[9]
Operations [ edit ]
The company specialises in manufacturing paper-based packaging, with a network of paper, recycling and forestry operations. It is an integrated producer, with packaging plants sourcing the major part of their raw material requirements from the company's own paper mills. In turn, the sourcing of recovered fibre and wood for the mills is managed through a combination of reclamation and forestry operations and purchases from third parties. It has around 45,000 employees across 35 countries - 22 in Europe, 13 in the Americas. Its global headquarters are in Dublin, with regional headquarters in Amsterdam and Miami.[10]
References [ edit ]
A male feminist writer has been fired by the prestigious GQ Magazine after a woman accused them of sexually assaulting them outside a bar. The writer, Rubert Myers, apologized to their accuser after they outed them on Twitter.
“Having been made aware of some allegations against Rupert Myers, British GQ can confirm that it has terminated its freelance agreement with him, with immediate effect.  They are no longer British GQ's Political Correspondent,” a spokesperson told Fox News.
Journalist Kate Leaver took to Twitter on Thursday to open up about their alleged experience with Myers.
“Ok, here goes. I haven't told this story because I listened to the voice that told me it ‘wasn't that bad' or ‘worth talking about,'” Leaver wrote. “When I moved to London, I wanted to make friends. I met @RupertMyers on Twitter and agreed to go for what I thought was a friendly drink.”
They continued: I was very clear about not being romantically or sexually interested in him, once the subject was raised. I suggested we be mates … They said ‘I've got enough mates, I'd rather f--k you' and forced themselves on me outside a pub in Fitzrovia.”
Leaver said that Myers eventually apologized, but it was “not enough,” and they have heard they harass women on a regular basis.
“The apology is weak, and only inspired by public humiliation and fear of consequence. This is a Weinstein microcosm,” Leaver wrote. “Anyone else who has been harassed by this man, or any other, I stand by you. Over and out.”
Myers, who deactivated their Twitter account after Leaver started tweeting their story, is a known feminist who has written stories such as, “Men's rights activist are cave dwelling idiots.” In the 2015 story, Myers wrote, “There is a new, global group dedicated to undermining significant social change. They wear the mask of an online avatar and use technology to harass, threaten and silence their targets. Their cause? To prevent steps towards the equality of men and women. They are the ‘Men's rights activists.'”
Daily Caller reporter Ian Miles Cheong had harsh words for Myers, tweeting, “Male feminists who claim the moral high ground, who turn their noses up at the ‘misogynists' below, are the very demons they claim to fight.”
Myers also has written stories mocking President Trump, declaring that there is “no such thing” as an illegal immigrant and bragged about being photographed with the alleged writer of the infamous Russian dossier of Trump information.
Myers could not immediately be reached for comment.
The Armada FC took a 3-0 victory over the San Francisco Deltas Friday
FINAL STATS | HIGHLIGHTS
The Jacksonville Armada FC came away with an impressive 3-0 victory and three crucial points in San Francisco Friday night.
“It obviously feels good to get the victory,” said Armada FC head coach Mark Lowry. “San Francisco is a top team. They're high up in the league for a reason.”
The San Francisco Deltas and Armada FC matched up evenly, but it was Jacksonville that put the chances away with a Herculean effort from midfielder Zach Steinberger. They tallied a total of two goals and one assist.
“Zach Steinberger is a top player,” said Lowry. “I've said it all along. I think he's one of the top players in the league and I'll say it every day. Now you are finally starting to see what they can do.”
After 27 minutes of little action in the first half, the Armada FC took the lead with the first goal by Zach Steinberger. Drew Beckie sent them a cross from the right that they headed in past the Delta's goalkeeper, Romuald Peiser.
Jacksonville seemed to find a rhythm soon after and dominated possession.
“For the first 15 minutes they were putting us under a lot of pressure and we were lucky to get through that,” said Lowry.
A second header goal from Steinberger, following a beautiful cross from Jemal Johnson, came in the 45th minute. Johnson sent the cross over to Steinberger from the left side who headed in the second goal for the Armada just before halftime.
Steinberger's brace puts them in a tie for the top goal scorer in the NASL.
Forward Derek Gebhard netted the third for the Armada FC just one minute after subbing in for Jonathan Glenn in the 72nd minute. Steinberger had the assist with a through ball. This goal marked Gebhard's first for the Armada FC since joining the team in 2015.
“I thought we played well,” said Lowry. “We created a lot of chances and we took them at the right times. That made a difference.”
Jacksonville's defense was also notable, as it held strong when the Deltas controlled most of the possession in the second half.
Goalkeeper Caleb Patterson-Sewell recorded their fourth clean sheet of the season and had three crucial saves.
The Jacksonville Armada FC climbs toward the top of the table and is now sitting one point out of first place. The team will return home now for a crucial rematch against North Carolina FC on Sunday, May 28 at Hodges Stadium.
MATCH REPORT
Starting XI:
SFD (4-4-2): Peiser, Attakora, Ouimette (Stephens 69'), Teijsse (Tissot 63'), Reiner, Portilla, Gibson (Jackson 45'), Bekker, Dyego, Sandoval
JAX (4-2-3-1): Patterson-Sewell, Beckie, Pitchkolan, Jérôme, Ryden, Kevan, Maripuu (Blake 59'), J.C., Steinberger, Johnson (Rebellón 86'), Glenn (Gebhard 72')
Scoring Summary:
JAX: Steinberger 28'
JAX: Steinberger 45'
JAX: Gebhard 73'
Discipline:
JAX: George (caution) 32'
Attendance:
2,201
Hello everyone following the voxel tutorial, it's been a long time since an update. In this time I've written a new updated tutorial on voxel terrain that supports infinite terrain and saving/loading of chunks. Try it out on my new site: AlexStv.com
using UnityEngine; using System.Collections; using System.Collections.Generic; public class Chunk : MonoBehaviour { private List<Vector3> newVertices = new List<Vector3>(); private List<int> newTriangles = new List<int>(); private List<Vector2> newUV = new List<Vector2>(); private float tUnit = 0.25f; private Vector2 tStone = new Vector2 (1, 0); private Vector2 tGrass = new Vector2 (0, 1); private Mesh mesh; private MeshCollider col; private int faceCount;
mesh = GetComponent<MeshFilter> ().mesh; col = GetComponent<MeshCollider> ();
void CubeTop (int x, int y, int z, byte block) { } void UpdateMesh () { }
void Start () { mesh = GetComponent<MeshFilter> ().mesh; col = GetComponent<MeshCollider> (); CubeTop(0,0,0,0); UpdateMesh (); }
void CubeTop (int x, int y, int z, byte block) { newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z )); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z )); newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 ); //1 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 1 ); //2 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 2 ); //3 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 ); //1 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 2 ); //3 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 3 ); //4 Vector2 texturePos; texturePos=tStone; newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x + tUnit, tUnit * texturePos.y)); newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x + tUnit, tUnit * texturePos.y + tUnit)); newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x, tUnit * texturePos.y + tUnit)); newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x, tUnit * texturePos.y)); }
void UpdateMesh () { mesh.Clear (); mesh.vertices = newVertices.ToArray(); mesh.uv = newUV.ToArray(); mesh.triangles = newTriangles.ToArray(); mesh.Optimize (); mesh.RecalculateNormals (); //col.sharedMesh=null; //col.sharedMesh=mesh; newVertices.Clear(); newUV.Clear(); newTriangles.Clear(); faceCount=0; //Fixed: Added this thanks to a bug pointed out by ratnushock! }
This is what you should see when you run
void Cube (Vector2 texturePos) { newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 ); //1 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 1 ); //2 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 2 ); //3 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 ); //1 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 2 ); //3 newTriangles.Add(faceCount * 4 + 3 ); //4 newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x + tUnit, tUnit * texturePos.y)); newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x + tUnit, tUnit * texturePos.y + tUnit)); newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x, tUnit * texturePos.y + tUnit)); newUV.Add(new Vector2 (tUnit * texturePos.x, tUnit * texturePos.y)); faceCount++; // Add this line }
void CubeTop (int x, int y, int z, byte block) { newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z )); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z )); Vector2 texturePos; texturePos=tStone; Cube (texturePos); }
//CubeNorth newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y-1, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y-1, z + 1)); //CubeEast newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y - 1, z)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y - 1, z + 1)); //CubeSouth newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y - 1, z)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y, z)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y - 1, z)); //CubeWest newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y- 1, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y, z)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y - 1, z)); //CubeBot newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y-1, z )); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y-1, z )); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x + 1, y-1, z + 1)); newVertices.Add(new Vector3 (x, y-1, z + 1));
You should see this
col.sharedMesh=null; col.sharedMesh=mesh;
Crimson Rebellion
might be on your side cuz I don't have an extra audio.mp3 o,o?
I actually don't really hear it, maybe its the audience noise in the background or it might be too soft? the spinner lasts for almost a measure which is quite balanced already.
zz lol if its by pixels its excusable...
these jumps are actually just supposed to be growing in spacing if you look at it wholly. although, nice alternative but I'll keep mines ;P
it's supposed to structure itself as a square with 00:59:154 (3,6) - and the previous slider-end overlap.
unintended stack
the NC would break the measure in half when every other measure is kept consistent : o
I don't think I actually understand what youre trying to say here, but the overlap plays rather fine and moving it down would be too overspaced.
spacing is fine lol everthing around here is spaced moderately apart.
mm, i'll see if I can work with these triangles a bit
I mean, if youre looking to separate the vocals from each other, or compile a set of vocals into one pattern, both ideas work I just chose the latter.
no need~
(then dont be too nazi >>)
the spacing is actually almost equal to 01:35:885 (4,1) - but instead of coming off of a slider its a circle.
doesnt feel bad to me D:
mines is organized for e m p h a s i s ye
the first slider curves to complete the circle, there's no circle in the one you pointed out and curving it leads nowhere really since the stream is equal on both top and bottom. linear acts as a stump so it wouldn't be lopsided curved in one way or the other.
its just the flipped circle of 02:04:568 (1) -
triple isn't bad :<
no need~
wait what is this supposed to mean?? ;;;;;
I guess it could be one stream, but the way I have it sort of leads into a build up without overdoing the streaming. yknow, adding some distance to give a finishing combo.
a e s t h e t i c
not needed, anything basic works with this tbh.
I just made the visual spacing look more even~
haha its interesting your idea but I think visually mines is okay and fits well to the strumming of the guitar ^.^
holy shit lmao
okayyy okayyyy I'll fix this! >>>>>;;;;;
but it's a hexagrid :<
I mean, there are bound to be slight overlaps like this with large spacing circles. I tried my best okay ;;
ended it a measure or two later
just editor glitches
Let's begiiiinI'll focus in aesthetics mostly• IDK if you noticed but, you have 2 audios on your folder... delete audio.mp3seems good• 00:53:739 - I feel like the spinner starts here (i also tried hearing that part at 25% playback rate and you can see that there is where it starts)• 00:55:203 (1,2,3,4,5) - Right now, this seems like this , but i think that , just for aesthetics :v), you should move this like this ... and yes, its like moved a bit only... but if you can see, now it does a perfect blanket with 00:55:934 (10) - and 00:56:081 (11) - so it looks a bit better. this is a bit nazi i know xD• 00:59:593 (6) - isn't this TOO far away from 00:59:446 (5,7) - ? i might consider moving it a bit to the left, at least to make the spacing a bit more comfortable to playor you can also do an overlap on 00:59:739 (7) - like this (maybe this is the best option , because you will also make the spacing between 00:59:739 (7,1) - lower than before, the current one is overspaced imo)• 01:00:178 (2) - what about moving this to x:352 y:356, it looks better also if you see the follow point pass exactly over 00:59:593 (6) -• 00:59:446 (5,8) - Is this stack wrong or it's just me?• 01:01:788 (4) - what about putting NC here? seems like you broke the flow• 01:07:642 (6) - you might consider moving this a bit down to fit with the stream from before, at least it will look better• 01:07:934 (8,8) - hmm maybe an overlap (with less spacing) would play better, like, right now its kinda overspaced imo xD• 01:14:520 (2) - what about moving this to x:364 y:196 so it will be exactly (or almost exactly) between 01:14:081 (2,3) - ... it would look cleaner tho• 01:14:666 (3) - same here, x:88 y:288 , it will be exactly between 01:14:373 (1,2) -• 01:14:812 (1) - same here x3 (or maybe HELLO THERE ... ok , no) x:304 y:76 so it will be exactly between 01:14:373 (1,2) -• 01:16:861 (3) - Since this sounds really different than 01:16:715 (2) - , i think that you should make a different pattern for these notes 01:16:861 (3,4,5,6) - (since it says "higashi no" ... or "hi ga shi no" and it says nothin where the circle 2 is)• 01:24:178 (13) - Add NC?• 01:26:373 (4,3) - same stack thing lol, like, it seems good but if you move its like it re-stacks (yes this is a lot nazi)• 01:37:203 (6,1) - IDK , i think that this shouldn't be THAAAAAAAAT spaced• 01:47:007 (2,4) - Ctrl + G, trust me, it really feels bad playing that D:• 01:52:568 (1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4) - i think that you may move this a bit up, like 5 pixels or something like that, and moving 01:53:446 (1) - as part of the stream stair, if my explanation is bad, there's a pic with what im talking about: Pattern also, i stacked the whole stream stair with 01:52:568 (1,2) - so it will work for aesthetics too :p• 02:00:471 (7) - why not make this slider curvy like 01:59:300 (13) - ?• 02:05:154 (1) - and what about moving this to x:448 y:40? it will be exactly between 02:04:203 (4,1) - so it works as an aesthetic too• 02:08:227 (3,4,5) - wat why did u brokw the consistency and added a triple?• 02:18:910 (9) - NC?• 02:40:568 (1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2) - OH WHAT THE FUCK KROYTZ REALLY?♦ 02:50:520 (7,8,9,10,11,12,13) - this sounds as only one stream tho, or well... it would be better if you change the pattern and you add a circle here 02:50:739 - imo• 02:56:081 (3) - plz dont make our lifes bad than they're rn and do ctrl + G on this :'(• 03:01:055 (4) - i think that breaking the flow here would play REALLY good, just hear at the guitar• 03:05:446 (1,2) - maybe it would be better if you move this circle to the left, or rotate the pattern to the left, or making it like this (the circle 3 is doing a blanket with the last curve of 03:03:983 (1) - , maybe you should stack the circle 3 with the sliderend of 03:02:812 (1) - )also you can make 03:05:592 (2) - blanket with 03:06:324 (1) -• 03:14:520 (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8) - i was there when you made this pattern in stream and i know how many times it took to you to decide what pattern to use here, but hey, doesn't it looks like (combo) 4-4?, maybe you should consider making a different pattern, maybe something similar than Panda Eyes - Highscore hope you understand the picture • 03:57:837 (1) - this is the most nazi thing that ill say today, but you should move this a pixel to the right so it will be exactly between 03:57:178 (4,5) -• 04:19:276 (6,7,8,9,10) - A CIRCLE MADE WITH ONLY PURE HATE LOL WHY• 04:20:227 (3,1) - i think that this should be overlapped.• 04:25:788 (6) - move this to x:296 y:256 so it will be exactly between 04:24:764 (1,3) -or you can stack the 6 with the sliderend of 04:27:105 (1) -• 04:45:470 (6,6) - this overlap looks really weird lol• 04:49:349 - i think that the kiai should end here• 04:51:983 (2,1) - fix stack i think
Screenshot from Mashable.com
In the hours following Mashable‘s December 22nd coverage of Dwolla – “Send & Receive Money From Twitter & Facebook Friends With Dwolla” – I sent an email to Dwolla founder and CEO Ben Milne with a few catch-up questions. Fifty-two minutes later, at 12:06 a.m., Milne replied. After a short greeting, they wrote:
20 minutes ago I was asleep. I got a text that said we hit mashable. I doubt I'm going to sleep soon. That's kind of how life has been the last few weeks.
Needless to say, this past month has been quite a ride for the Dwolla team. “Life is a fire hose right now,” Milne wrote at the end of the email.
After nearly a year in limited release (only accepting users in Iowa and California), the Des Moines-based startup released its 25 cents-per-transaction cash transfer platform nation-wide on December 1st. Since that launch, they've received quite a bit of local and national attention, from an AP article the day of the launch to a WOI-DT ABC 5 telivision story a couple days ago titled “DWOLLA Catching on at Mars Cafe.”
If you follow other individuals from the Silicon Prairie on Twitter, it's been hard to avoid hearing about Dwolla daily. Earlier this month they kicked off the The DwollaX Experiment, a contest that enters a user's name every time they or they pass any amount of money to another user on Dwolla, which has given users an extra incentive to ramp up their usage. The winner will either be awarded $2,500, or if they choose, they can donate the money to charity, at which point Dwolla will double it. (And very cool: Dwolla is encouraging a donation to charity: water, which is the cause we donated to at Big Omaha.)
Outside social networks – and literally outside – people are seeing Dwolla. Throughout Iowa and in a few surrounding states, photos of people wearing Dwolla shirts are showing up above gas pumps on Info2Go digital signage (left, photo by Milne via ow.ly). Dwolla also made a random appearance in a stock photo on a December 18th USA Today article: “Don't be shy: Now's the time to boost your Web presence.” And according to @Pettipoole on Twitter, Dwolla is primed for the next edition of the Merriam-Webster dictionary: “@dwolla makes for a good verb, which is probably a big key to success via cultural lexicon adoption.”
In my email to Milne on December 22nd (the day of the Mashable coverage), I asked Milne to provide brief thoughts on several recent events. Here are their answers along with images that correspond with the events:
Silicon Prairie News: San Francisco Business Trip, December 14-15
Ben Milne: Eye opening. I think initially I didn't expect anyone to talk to us. Once they started talking, and communicating, conversations just took off. I can't wait to go back.
Screenshot from twitter.com/bpmilne
New Screencast & Explanation Videos
Milne: First two steps for us in a new educational plan. We know our core market is built around supporting and educating consumers, merchants, developers, and now banks. These videos will play a really major part in this.
Video from dwolla.org/blog
Recent Press: “Dwolla in the News”
Milne: Humbling.
Screenshot from news.cnet.com
API Release
Milne: Step 1 to supporting the shopping cart integration. A big part of our roll out plans is supporting plugins directly for top open source platforms.
Lots of new modifications for our internal API's to push the social features and some geo-location stuff out into the new mobile applications as well.
Screenshot from dwolla.org/blog
(Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)
“My feet hurt, and my arms feel like lead. Oh, and DOOT-DOOT!” Doot-Doot Sisters Super Mario Sunshine
The Doot-Doot Sisters[1] are an ensemble of travelling street performers and recurring minor characters in Super Mario Sunshine. They are made up of two female Pianta dancers, a yellow and a fuchsia one, and are often accompanied by a blue male Pianta with a ukulele. They are well-known on Isle Delfino and are usually surrounded by a group of fans. When they talk, they usually end their sentences with strings of the word "doot" and random variations of it, a habit that their fans pick up on and replicate.
While not much is known about their overall opinion regarding their occupation, the Doot-Doot Sisters more than once make disgruntled remarks regarding their fans, notably when said fans are sweaty[2], dressed sloppily[3], or annoyingly inconsiderate. They occasionally appear throughout different levels, performing their iconic hula dance. Locations where the Doot-Doot Sisters are found include the following:
The Doot-Doot Sisters make a minor cameo in Mario Kart: Double Dash!! each time a Cup is won. They later appear in Mario Party 8 at the beginning of Goomba's Booty Boardwalk, hula dancing.
Names in other languages [ edit ]
Language Name Meaning Japanese フラフラシスターズ
Furafura Shisutāzu Wandering Sisters Spanish hermanas Dupidú Doo-Be-Doo sisters French Sœurs Dadidou Da-Dee-Doo Sisters German Tut-Tut Schwestern Doot-Doot Sisters Italian Sorelle Dudu Doo-Doo Sisters
Trivia [ edit ]
Content Piantas can be heard singing the Doot-Doot Sisters' songs when approached close-up in Super Mario Sunshine .
. A "Doot-Doot" that sounds similar to that of the Doot-Doot Sisters can also be heard from the Piantas on the Delfino Square course in Mario Kart DS .
. Contrary to other versions, the Spanish localization does not capitalize the "sisters" part of their name.
References [ edit ]
19-year-old William Gould posted flyers of their cactus plant around their neighbourhood in Little Rock, Arkansas after it went missing.
″‘TERRENCE' (ANSWERS TO TERRY),” the poster reads. “LAST SEEN ON MY FRONT PORCH ON CENTER STREET.”
I will find my son pic.twitter.com/5mceQzZpVi — William D. Gould (@WilliamOfGould) September 6, 2017
If that isn't bizarre enough, the owner has set up a Go Fund Me page to afford a private investigator to find their beloved Terrance. "It was a date that will live forever in infamy," they said in a post on Go Fund Me.
Someone cactus-naped my rescue cactus, Terrence, off of my front porch so yeah I'm extra emo today — William D. Gould (@WilliamOfGould) September 5, 2017
William reveals their story with Terrance when it was tiny. They rescued "him from an abusive household, a friends ex-stepfather was going to throw Terrence away meaning almost certain death."
Before they were "cactus-napped", Gould explains it wasn't easy being "a single father of a cactus" while working and studying. However, they managed to pull through.
During class, they would leave Terrence out on the porch to get sunlight and fresh air.
They told Huffpost that Terrence's brother cactus, Clarence, hasn't talked much since the incident.
Someone goes through so much to find a plant definitely deserves to get it back. We wish them well.
It's almost seven years since Chochukmo's debut album was released. The King Lost Their Pink immediately placed the band at the top of Hong Kong's indie standings and there they've stayed ever since. That there are still no pretenders to their throne is a damning indictment of the problems that continue to obstruct independent bands in this city – a lack of airplay, limited touring opportunities and record labels who prefer to focus on individual artists rather than a combined group of egos – but it's also an indicator of Chochukmo's inherent quality.
With a glass ceiling barring their way to true stardom and no significant competition – no Oasis to their Blur – the band could be forgiven for playing it safe. But that has never been Chochukmo's way. From their early days of wearing unfashionable baby pink at gigs through to their complex beats and unpredictable time changes, the band has always been mecurial and experimental. After two virtuosic albums, the five-piece are shaking up their live show with a ‘tree hole' concept that lead guitarist Mike Orange describes as a ‘theatrical concert'. We begin, however, by asking Orange about the band's new songs…
Travel in Paradise came out recently and is really upbeat…
I like that song! We wrote it for Hotel Indigo in Wan Chai. We tried to capture the feeling of the city, its pace. Writing this song really helped us rediscover Hong Kong, a city we thought we were so familiar with. The lyrics are a record of how we love this place.
Did you actually go around the city looking for details?
We did. We tried to rediscover Wan Chai and Tai Yuen, the toy street there. We'd almost forgotten about that place. We went around like kids and we tried to put that feeling into the song. It's upbeat and the lyrics, “Feel with your heart, don't see with your eyes,” it's about when you've been in a place for so long, the visuals are so familiar that you get bored of it. That's why you need to ‘feel' the place.
PAULO GAMA DO PAINEL, EM BRASÍLIA
Publicidade
O programa de governo que o PMDB apresentará no encontro da fundação do partido faz seu mais duro ataque recente ao PT, culpa a "equivocada" política econômica de Dilma Rousseff por "to-dos problemas e dificuldades atuais" e sustenta que, ao contrário do que prega o Planalto, a crise "tem, sim, raízes ou causas internas".
O documento ao qual a Folha teve acesso é uma versão preliminar, portanto sujeita a alterações, que começou a ser discutida pela sigla em agosto –quando a relação entre o PMDB e o Planalto era mais tensa do que agora.
Uma outra versão da peça, esta mais enxuta, com cerca de 15 páginas, será distribuída a dirigentes do partido a partir desta quinta-feira (29).
A versão definitiva será entregue no congresso da Fundação Ulysses Guimarães, centro de estudos ligado ao PMDB, em 17 de novembro.
O programa passou pelas mãos dos principais caciques peemedebistas. O texto final tem também a participação de economistas ligados ao partido, como Delfim Netto –um dos principais conselheiros do vice-presidente Michel Temer na área.
Para o PMDB, o governo Dilma –do qual também faz parte– partiu de um "diagnóstico errado" na economia. "Não se compreendeu que a responsabilidade fiscal, embora condição necessária à estabilidade da economia, não se afigura motor do desenvolvimento econômico."
Além de atacar o "equivocado diagnóstico" de que a deterioração da economia se deve ao quadro internacional, o partido diz que o ajuste fiscal, "por si só", não criará as condições necessárias para que o país "deslanche para uma nova fase de crescimento e desenvolvimento duradouro e sustentado".
"Nesse contexto, portanto, é que se percebe quão equivocada foi a política econômica governamental."
Aliado do PT desde o primeiro mandato do ex-presidente Lula, o PMDB diz que o partido trava uma "luta política fratricida" e busca sempre a diminuição de seu papel e de sua importância. Por isso, segue, precisa "trilhar caminhos próprios, apartando-se, com elegância, do PT".
"O partido não pode se atrelar a insucessos do governo, ocasionados por decisões que, além de não terem sido suas, foram equivocadas."
Em um momento de autocrítica, a sigla diz que não tem "bandeira, discurso e identidade exclusivamente próprios" e, por isso, tira "pouco proveito" de ter o maior número de políticos eleitos.
Com os seus principais quadros investigados na Lava Jato, o partido não faz menção à operação. Defende apenas uma revisão da legislação sobre corrupção.
OPOSIÇÃO
O documento inclui críticas também para os partidos que fazem oposição ao governo. O PMDB afirma que eles cometeram um "erro de estratégia", porque, "em lugar de 'vender' a si própria, suas ideias, suas bandeiras, seu programa, optou por fazer o enfrentamento político no campo do adversário".
Segundo o manifesto, o senador Aécio Neves (PSDB-MG), candidato derrotado por Dilma no ano passado, recorreu a "acusações de baixo calão" e fez "uma campanha pouco propositiva". Para o partido, "em lugar de centrá-la no eleitor e em seus anseios, deixou-a muito focada no discurso da situação".
Na avaliação do documento, o resultado foi a apatia do eleitorado: "Foram esses, exatamente, os 35 milhões de eleitores que se abstiveram e que fizeram toda a diferença no resultado das eleições.
A Democratic source passes along a memo listing cuts to Medicare and Medicaid that House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) proposed at a contentious White House debt limit meeting on Monday.
The cuts themselves were first identified by a bipartisan working group of legislators led by Vice President Joe Biden as cuts that could garner bipartisan support — contingent on the assumption that Republicans agree to put new tax revenue of some kind on the table.
President Obama reportedly rejected this proposal on the grounds that the GOP has refused anything other than revenue-neutral deficit reduction. A Cantor spokesperson was not immediately available for comment.Though the memo lacks key details about many of the cuts, it contains enough to show where, exactly, Republicans hope to achieve savings. Its largest single source of savings — $100 billion worth — comes from what the memo terms “Medicaid FMAP Reform,” or matching funds to state governments for providing Medicaid services.
It calls for up to $53 billion in savings from instituting new cost-sharing protocols for so-called Medigap policies — supplemental insurance sold to Medicare beneficiaries to cover the cost of services not covered, or partially covered by Medicare. Specifically, it would institute a $530 out-of-pocket premium for certain Medigap plans. It also calls for over $80 billion in additional cost-shifting for home health coverage, and for medical and prescription drug coverage.
More information when we get it, but for now, read the memo here.
Go is really well suited for cross-platform work. My main development environment is Windows, but I always deploy to Linux-based systems. Therefore I naturally try to avoid things that will get me into trouble.
My attitude towards cross-platform support is that if you consider yourself a serious developer, your code should at least compile on other platforms, because even though it may be impossible to use certain, or even all of your features, the users of your library may want to use your library only on some platforms.
I recently helped make a Windows version of a very nice backup program since I wanted to explore alternatives to zpaq, which is a very nice archiving application with journaling and focus on compression. During the port, there were a few things I noticed, that might be of help to others.
Minimize syscall (or sys) usage
We start with the obvious. The syscall package is different for each platform, so even though there is some overlap you are almost certainly getting into trouble. Of course there can be good reasons for using it, but before you do, be sure there isn't something else that can do the same. If you do use syscall/sys, you can prepare for porting by only importing it into a separate file that has build similar build tags, for instance // +build darwin dragonfly freebsd linux netbsd openbsd solaris , and have an empty implementation as fallback, so you know it is possible to ‘fill in' the missing parts on other platforms.
There is the github.com/golang/sys package that separates syscalls into packages for each platform. This will not solve this problem, so the same applies for this package.
Don't rely on custom process signals
Process signals are very useful. There are many servers that use SIGHUP to reload configuration, SIGUSR2 to restart the service, etc. Please be aware that these signals are not available on all platforms, so don't make essential functionality depend on it. A webserver without the examples above will work just fine on Windows, even though it is missing some functionality. Of course the nicest thing would be to have an alternative for Windows, but as long as the server compiles and runs fine, I don't think many people will object.
So if you for instance are implementing a task worker, you should not make the only way to kick it awake be sending a custom signal.
File system differences
Be aware that file systems are different.
Most other operating systems have case sensitive file system, but Windows doesn't. My tip: Always use lower case.
Remember os.PathSeparator. Always use it, but it isn't always the ONLY path separator. Windows can use both “/” and “\” seamlessly, so user-given and other paths paths CAN be a mix of both.
Always use the filepath package, it may take a little more code, but you save yourself and others many headaches.
os.Remove and os.RemoveAll cannot delete Readonly files on Windows. This is a bug and should have been fixed long ago. Unfortunately: politics.
os.Link, os.Symlink, os.Chown, os.Lchown, os.Fchown all return errors on Windows. As a nice touch the error returned is only exported on Windows 🙁
os/user.Current will not work if a binary is crosscompiled. See here. Thanks @njcw.
Always close files before you modify/delete them.
The last point is actually the most common mistake I've seen, and it relates to a common way of handling files:
func example() (err error) { var f *os.File f, err = os.Create("myfile.txt") if err != nil { return } defer f.Close() err = f.write([]byte{"somedata"}) if err != nil { return } // Do more work... err = os.Remove("myfile.txt") }
This is very subtle, but since this is a simple example, it is quickly obvious to see that we attempt to delete the file before we close it. The problem is that this works nicely on most systems, but will fail on Windows. Here is a more correct way to handle this:
func example() (err error) { var f *os.File f, err = os.Create("myfile.txt") if err != nil { return } defer func() { f.Close() err2 := os.Remove("myfile.txt") if err == nil && err2 != nil { err = err2 } }() err = f.write([]byte{"somedata"}) // Do more work }
As you can see handling close order isn't trivial. If you choose to do two “defer”, remember the os.Remove must be deferred before the Close, since they are called in reverse order.
Here are a more detailed article explaining the differences between Windows and Linux file systems.
Use a translator if you use ANSI
Using console commands to format output can be a significant improvement. It can help make output easier to visually parse, by using colors, or you can do progress updates without having text scrolling.
If you use ANSI codes, you should always use a translation library. Start by putting it in, and save yourself some headaches later. Here are some I have found, not in any particular order.
Azure/go-ansiterm – used by Docker.
mgutz/ansi – abstraction over ansi codes.
fatih/color – seems to only do color.
If you have any particular recommendations or experiences, please put them in the comments below.
Don't rely on symbolic links
Symbolic links are a nice feature. It allows for nice stuff, like being able to create a new version of a file and simply have a symbolic link point to the newest file. However, on Windows symbolic links can only be created if your program is running with Admin rights. So even though it is a very nice feature, it is not something that you should base your core mechanics on.
Avoid cgo/executables, if at all possible
You should go out of your way to avoid cgo, since it is rather hard to set up a working environment on Windows. If you do use it, you are cutting off not only most Windows, but also App Engine users. If you provide an application, you must be prepared to deliver binaries for Windows.
The same goes for external executables. Try to minimize it for trivial tasks that are easily covered by libraries, and only use external commands for complex tasks.
Compile-time or Runtime?
Often, when dealing with OS specific, you have the dilemma between writing OS specific code. There may be some OS specific code needed to satisfy some constraint. Let's take this example function; it does a lot of things, but one requirement is that it sets a file to read-only on non-Windows platforms. Let's look at two implementations:
func example() { filename := "myfile.txt" fi, _ := os.Stat(f) // set file to readonly, except on Windows if runtime.GOOS != "windows" { os.Chmod(f, fi.Mode()&os.FileMode(^uint32(0222))) } }
This does a runtime check, and executes code if it is not on Windows.
Compare that to:
func example() { filename := "myfile.txt" fi, _ := os.Stat(f) setNewFileMode(f, fi) } // example_unix.go //+build !windows // set file to readonly func setNewFileMode(f string, fi os.FileInfo) error { return os.Chmod(f, fi.Mode()&os.FileMode(^uint32(0222))) } // example_windows.go: // we don't set file to readonly on Windows func setNewFileMode(f string, fi os.FileInfo) error { return nil }
The last version is how many would say it must be done. I exaggerated the example to show that it might not always be the best solution. To me there may be cases where the first version is preferred, specifically, if this is the only place where the code is needed, then it is shorter, you don't have to browse multiple source files to see what it does.
I have compiled a small table with the pros and cons I see with each solution:
Compile-time Pros Runtime Pros Usually low to no overhead
OS specific code in separate files
Can use imports that doesn't compile on all platforms You can keep your code in one place
Some mistakes are discovered without cross-compiling Compile-time Cons Runtime Cons You may need to duplicate code
Can result in many small files, or a single file with lots of scattered functionality
You need to check multiple files to get an overview of code
You must use cross-compilation to check if your code compiles Small overhead for the check
No good way sees where your OS-specific code is
Structs/functions that aren't OS independent cannot be used
In general I would recommend compile-time, with separate files unless you are writing tests. But in extreme examples you might prefer a runtime check.
Set up cross-platform CI tests
As a final thing, do set up crossplatform compilation test. This is one of the things I learned from restic, where they already had crosscompilation set up. When 1.5 is released, crossplatform compiling will be very easy, since it doesn't require much setup.
Meanwhile, and for older Go versions, you might want to have a look at gox, which will help you set up crosscompilation. If you need more advanced features, you can have a look at goxc, for some more advanced features.
These were most of the small things I've learnt. If you have other tips or tricks, feel free to share them below.
Happy coding!
Mohamed Abd El Ghany / Reuters Anti-Mursi protestors hold a poster of General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Tahrir Square in Cairo, on July 3, 2013.
When TIME announced on Thursday that Egypt's Defense Minister, Gen. Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, had topped TIME's 2013 Person of the Year poll with more than 440,000 votes their supporters were triumphant. Ahmed Abu Hashima, an Egyptian steel magnate and Sisi supporter, was one of the first to publicly congratulate Sisi on Twitter. Writing in Arabic, they called the victory an, “appreciation for [Sisi's] national role and the love of Egyptians towards him.”
Sisi's success reflected the genuine popularity of a man who led what was essentially a military coup in July against the democratically elected government of then President Mohammed Morsi. Sisi remains the most powerful political figure in Egypt. The win was driven by hundreds of thousands of votes from inside Egypt; the country of about 85 million provided more votes than more populous nations like India and the United States. Many of those voters came via websites like Alwafd.org, one of the several Egyptian news portals that drove voters to the poll. These included youm7.com and el-balad.com. These sites tracked the voting throughout the week and informed readers when voting would close and how close the gap was between Sisi and the person who came second, Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
(POLL: See how our readers voted)
TIME's Person of the Year is chosen by the magazine's editors and will be announced on Wednesday, Dec. 11. Part of the Sisi vote may have been driven by a desire among their supporters to sway the editors' decision. An article earlier this week in El-Balad linked to the online poll page and asked, “Would (the editors) listen to Egyptian votes and select their Defense Minister as the man of the year for 2013 so their picture could be printed on the cover of the world's most famous magazine in its annual issue?”
Al-Wafd in particular has made no secret of its Sisi cheerleading. The website and newspaper are extensions of the Wafd Party, an opposition party that has been heavily pro-military and critical of Morsi's allies in the Muslim Brotherhood. Wafd strongly backed Sisi's ouster of Morsi. Wafd Party president Sayed Al-Badawi has already endorsed the widely-rumored idea of Sisi running for president next year.
“It wasn't an organized campaign. But the voting did come from certain news outlets. These are all newspapers that back the direction of the country and the secular trend,” said Moustafa Shafiq, managing editor for Al-Wafd. “People feel very strongly and I'm sure there was a lot of repeat voting.”
A survey of the most prominent pro-Sisi Facebook pages in Arabic and English doesn't reveal a massive organized get-out-the-vote campaign. Most users simply linked to the poll and later noted its results with satisfaction in growing numbers of comments. Months after the military takeover, the results suggest Sisi's popular support has staying power. “He's a man who represents the will of the people,” ­said Shafiq. (The result also suggest that the Internet remains a key factor in Egyptian politics. Social media played a key role in the 2011 revolution that ousted then President Hosni Mubarak.)
(LIST: See how the candidates fared when they faced off)
Part of the motivation for Sisi voters may also have been a desire among supporters of the military to change the image of the military takeover. Many backers of the military coup have felt misunderstood and unfairly judged by Western governments, human rights organizations and correspondents.
A spokesperson for the Egyptian military, speaking on condition that their name not be published, said the Sisi votes were proof of the enduring social support for the military's actions and Sisi's leadership in general.
“This doesn't tell us anything that Egyptians did not already know. But perhaps it is a good time for the whole world to see it clearly,” they said.
In less than a year Sisi has become a household name with their face appearing on T-shirts, banners and chocolates. But the true level of their popularity can only be tested at the voting booth. Speculation as to their intentions has been a media obsession in Egypt for months. The elections are set for sometime in the first half of 2014, pending ratification of a new constitution.
MORE: Egypt's Sisi Wins Reader Poll for TIME Person of the Year
By Melissa Quinn
Reprinted with permission of The Daily Signal
A new report examining the collapse of Health Republic of New York, Obamacare's largest co-op, said its failure — which may lead to a $265-million loss of taxpayer dollars — can be attributed in part to heightened regulatory control by the state.
According to the analysis from the Albany, New York-based Empire Center, a “breakdown” in oversight from the state Department of Financial Services and artificial cuts in Health Republic's premiums may have led to the ultimate failure of the consumer operated and oriented plan, or co-op.
Of the 23 co-ops created under the health care law, just 12 remain.
“The rapid rise and costly fall of Health Republic Insurance of New York … is a cautionary tale for policymakers in Albany as well as in Washington,” the report's author, Bill Hammond, wrote. “Despite heavy federal subsidies and robust enrollment growth, Health Republic lost money at such a clip that state regulators forced it to shut down as of Nov. 30, on barely two months' notice.”
Health Republic, one of 23 co-ops implemented under Obamacare, sold the cheapest plans available on New York's state-run exchange and enrolled more than 200,000 customers in coverage. According to the Empire Center, Health Republic offered consumers broad networks, and its plans were significantly cheaper than those sold by competitors like UnitedHealthcare and Aetna.
As a result of its low premiums, Health Republic experienced significant losses in 2014, as its customers' medical claims and administrative costs outpaced the revenue it was bringing in through premiums.
To remedy its losses, Health Republic requested a 15.4 percent increase in rates for individuals and 5.9 percent increase in rates for small group plans in 2015. The state Department of Financial Services, though, approved lower rate-hikes, which the Empire Center said squeezed the market.
“Although Health Republic's premiums were already among the very lowest in the state — and though its financial report showed it was losing money — the fledgling company did not escape the state's rate-setting knife,” the report said.
Health Republic did not immediately return The Daily Signal's request for comment.
For 2016 coverage, Health Republic requested a 14.4 percent rate hike for individual plans and a 20 percent increase for small group plans. The state lessened the hike for individuals to 14 percent, and approved Health Republic's request for small group plans.
Like many of the other 23 co-ops — which received a total of $2.5 billion from the federal government — Health Republic relied on money from Obamacare's risk corridor program to boost its bottom line. The risk corridor program sought to limit the risk for insurers in the market.
Here's the help you'll need to prepare your household for the realities of living under a centralized health-care system — order Dr. Lee Hieb's “Surviving the Medical Meltdown: Your Guide to Living Through the Disaster of Obamacare”
According to the Empire Center, Health Republic requested $243 million from the risk corridor program. However, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services announced in October it would pay just 12.6 percent of the requested payments.
As a result, Health Republic, along with seven other co-ops, announced it would be closing its doors after experiencing significant losses and receiving lower-than-expected payments from the risk corridor program.
“Had New York's regulators ordered higher rates for Health Republic from the beginning, the company could have avoided some of the steep losses that made it so dependent on risk-corridor funding,” Hammond wrote. “While it's unclear that such action would have been enough to save the company, DFS's rate-cutting, in retrospect, was unquestionably productive.”
Health Republic closed its doors Nov. 30, leaving some of its 215,000 customers to find coverage for a month— or go without — and secure new insurance for 2016 through the state-run exchange.
“If the goal is making health coverage more affordable, the surest way to achieve that objective is not for the state to impose price controls, but for it to roll back its own high taxes and costly coverage mandates,” the report said.
San Diego Comic Con 2016 has just ended. I'm back home in my own bed, my feet hurt, I have con crud from the millions of germs that were floating around the convention floor but I am happy.
This year I met Steven Moffat, was Neil Gaiman adjacent at a party, got into the Syfy / The Magicians party, went to the Star Trek Beyond World Premiere where I received super-cool swag, dropped money on some amazing art, danced at Nerd HQ and drank a bit too much. So much that I forgot to tweet my favorite “Overheard at Comic Con quotes” but thanks to diligent con-goers, I was able to compile a list.
As evidenced in these tweets, Pokémon Go was the clear winner of this year's SDCC. Everyone was obsessed! It didn't matter if you were at a party, panel, on the con floor or even in the bathroom – the game ruled all.
Enjoy these wonderful, giggle-inducing quotes and if you are not sated, than check out the previous lists here: The Best of “Overheard at San Diego Comic Con” 2014 and The Best of “Overheard at San Diego Comic Con” 2015.
(Note: Props to @tv_Victoria for posting so many awesome Overheard at Comic Con quotes!)
Overheard at Comic-Con: “Where the Pokémon at, bro?” #sdcc
— Funny Or Die (@funnyordie) July 23, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: “You can get to THREE Pokestops from the men's bathroom!” — Skyla (@skylatron) July 24, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC:
Guy: I don't get why they want to stand in line for hours for this stuff.
Girl: No, honey, this is like their Coachella. — Mike Driscoll (@NotMikeDriscoll) July 25, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: “My daughter witnessed me interview for and land a freelance job in a panda suit” #SDCC2016 — ppyajunebug, phd (@ppyajunebug) July 24, 2016
Overheard at SDCC “how many comic colorists does it take to change a lightbulb?” Me”?” “IDK but they'll all want to be credited equally.” — Nicky Poo (@NickPitarra) July 24, 2016
“My aunt became really obsessed with essential oils and I think it's because their marriage is a sham.” Overheard at #SDCC — Carina MacKenzie (@cadlymack) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Quick Draw SDCC panel: “The second exclamation point is silent.” — Eric Heisserer (@HIGHzurrer) July 23, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: “Oh! Get a picture with that Power Ranger!” – a mom talking about #Deadpool — Donna Dickens (@MildlyAmused) July 22, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC “Have you ever seen LOVE ACTUALLY? It's an old school English movie about Christmas.” — Joanna Robinson (@jowrotethis) July 22, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: “this still feels like a dream.” — sapphirescribe (@sapphirescribe) July 21, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC –
Wife: Why don't you get in line?
Husband: I hate people.
Wife: Then why did you make us vacation here?
😂😂 #comiccon — Jen Abundez (@amazingjen) July 21, 2016
We know red sabres are more powerful, because they're synthetic crystals. #overheard at #SDCC — Victoria Venery (@tv_victoria) July 21, 2016
“I don't care if it's a Psyduck, keep walking!!!” -overheard at #SDCC — Kelly M (@gingerkelli) July 21, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC:
“…piss-poor adaptation…”
“…you gotta reboot that sh*t.”
“Asden, get me a sword!” — Rob Kutner (@ApocalypseHow) July 21, 2016
Oh my god, oh my god! There's a legendary Pokémon in Hall H! #Overheard at #SDCC #PokemonGO — Victoria Venery (@tv_victoria) July 24, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: two cosplayers wanted photos of each other. The one dressed as Han Solo asked if they should <sunglasses> shoot first. — C. Eubanks (@moonunit999) July 24, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: “You should check, I don't think I did a good job of wiping.” — Star Foxers, Inc. (@StarFoxers_Inc) July 23, 2016
I think a lot of people just like soy sauce. #Overheard at #SDCC — Victoria Venery (@tv_victoria) July 23, 2016
Overheard at #sdcc “it's probably fake Kevin Smith but it might be real Kevin Smith” — Ben Cook (@benjaminwcook) July 23, 2016
Cab driver is telling me & @BrianDBradley that the end times are coming and Jesus is causing global warming. #SDCC #ComicCon — Audrey Kearns (@audreykearns) July 23, 2016
Overheard, #sdcc: “Is that a costume, or do they just work at the hotel?” — Jim McLauchlin (@McLauchlin) July 23, 2016
Overheard at SDCC Hall H line: I got this dress from Forever 21 but it's very evocative of Star Trek. #okthen #nerdisms #SDCC #HallH — Nanikai (@nanikai) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Comic Con “Zika is just ruining everything” #SDCC — Chris Gomez (@scratchex) July 23, 2016
“I've been awake for two hours, at this point the going back to sleep train has sailed.” -overheard at #SDCC — Kelly M (@gingerkelli) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Comic-Con: “Honestly, dude? At this point I'd shit if I saw a decent Groot.” #sdcc — Funny Or Die (@funnyordie) July 23, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC: People are starting to smell. — sapphirescribe (@sapphirescribe) July 22, 2016
I just walked through somebody's horrible fart on the con floor. Send help. #SDCC #comiccon — Audrey Kearns (@audreykearns) July 22, 2016
Most overheard phrase at #SDCC:
“What's this line for?” — hotdog_gymnast (@hotdog_gymnast) July 22, 2016
Overheard at #sdcc: “I miss how life was a few months ago when there was no RNC and it felt like Dat Boi would last forever” — michael_tritter (@tritter) July 22, 2016
Honestly if the only reason you watch #Arrow is because of John Barrowman, that's okay. #Overheard at #SDCC — Victoria Venery (@tv_victoria) July 21, 2016
Let me give you one of my cards and we can be friends on the internet. #Overheard at #SDCC — Victoria Venery (@tv_victoria) July 22, 2016
Overheard outside my hotel last night at #SDCC Fan: “Can I get a photo?”
Oliver Stone: “Please don't.” 😂 — Denny Directo (@DDirecto) July 21, 2016
Overheard at #ComicCon
Child: We're not at the front of the line again
Parent: Sweetie you're never at the front here — Alexa Martin (@Lexamichelle) July 24, 2016
Overheard at @Comic_Con: I hate this crowd it's worse than a rave. #SDCC2016 — Drew Mandinach (@MNDNCH) July 24, 2016
Overheard at #Comic-Con: “Quit molesting my Snarf!” — David Reddish (@thegaymagneto) July 24, 2016
“I'm designing an app like Tinder, but like, for dogs.” – overheard at @Comic_Con — TJ Fixman (@TJFixman) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Comic-con #1: You have to read it in the original cuneiform. — Susan Van Metre (@skeetermeeter) July 24, 2016
Overheard at ComicCon: “I don't want to do this anymore. This is my last year. I'm never doing this again.” #SDCC2016 #WordForWord — Rebecca Cohen (@GynoStar) July 23, 2016
Overheard #PokemonGO conversations at Comic-Con:
Dad: “There's another Rockdude! Or wait, Geodude, right?”
Daughter: “That's a Rhyhorn” — Caitlin Elise Willis (@caiwillis) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Comic-Con: “We can go catch Pokémon, or we can grab lunch. What do you want to do?” Both seem like sensible choices. — Monica Garske (@GarskeNBC) July 22, 2016
OVERHEARD AT COMIC-CON: “Stop taking free stuff. Just stop!” – Girl to their mother — Swisher (@swish) July 22, 2016
“So I told them that I'm an adult and I can buy all the buttons I want!”
-My favorite thing I've overheard at Comic-con this year — Ethan Teller (@Tellersvision) July 22, 2016
Overheard at #ComicCon
Girl: I'm running low on balls
Guy: want me to find some for you?#hopetheymeantpokemongo — Tony Caballero (@TonyWritesWords) July 22, 2016
Overheard at ComicCon: “I'm trying to get my cat into this cat film festival…” #SDCC2016 #day1 — Siena K (@AmusingGrace21) July 21, 2016
Overheard at #ComicCon: “You're at Comic Con! Learn to work the pole!” — David Reddish (@thegaymagneto) July 21, 2016
“I was at a party and saw Darth Vader puke after a shot of Fireball. Their buddies started calling them Puke Skywalker.”-Overheard at #SDCC2016 — Josh Macuga (@JoshMacuga) July 25, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016: a little girl pointed to a statue of Batman and said, “Underpants man!” — Hannah Shaw-Williams (@HSW3K) July 24, 2016
“We are near the big Brown Orc.” – mom carefully setting up meeting on phone #overheard at the #SDCC2016 — Nikki Paqueo (@nikkipaqueo) July 24, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016 “so how do ya pee in that storm trooper suit?” “Whelp! The codpiece comes off!” — Erica Vale (@DrE_Vale) July 24, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016 “It's been working for me, man. Dove for men” — Brian W. Foster (@BrianWFoster) July 23, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016:
“I made a short film.”
“What is it?”
“Well, it's like a feature, but not as long.” — Michael Varrati (@MichaelVarrati) July 23, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016 “You know, like an otter wearing a FitBit” — Brian W. Foster (@BrianWFoster) July 22, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016 “look at that hot Spidergirl!” Friend responds condescendingly “there's no such thing as Spidergirl.” #priorities — Joebot (@JoeySpiotto) July 22, 2016
“Why does something have to be the matter? Why can't I just be angry at you for no reason?” – overheard at #SDCC2016 — Rocco Versaci (@rocco_versaci) July 22, 2016
Overheard at Comic Con. “I keep equating the scene outside with War of the Worlds.” #SDCC2016 — Debbi Baker (@Debbi_Baker) July 21, 2016
OJ Simpson; order up! #- things overheard at #SDCC2016 — Mongadillo Studios (@mongadillo) July 22, 2016
Overheard at #SDCC2016: “Can you get two fresh beers for the adults?” — MK Gaudet (@nomington) July 21, 2016
Things overheard at #SDCC2016: “Isn't #Sherlock only 9 episodes?” Um… First off, how dare you? And second, it's 10. — Megan M (@Mugsy211) July 24, 2016
“Not EAT a puffin.”
Overheard at #SDCC2016 — Bob Proehl (@bobproehl) July 24, 2016
Best thing overheard at #SDCC2016 so far. “As a fat guy with a beard, I think that…” Going to be another great year! — Mace Markham (@sinnergproject) July 21, 2016
“I served 3 tours in Afghanistan and this is pretty bad” – overheard at Comic Con #ComicCon2016 — David Landau (@poncejones) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Comic-Con: “I spent $2,000 getting here. I can't waste time!” #ComicCon2016 — Dana Littlefield (@danalittlefield) July 23, 2016
Overheard at Comic Con. ‘So what time does the expedition hall open' ? Well sometimes it does feel like that. @SD_Comic_Con — Linda Takahashi (@takahmama) July 21, 2016
Overheard #PokemonGO conversations at Comic-Con:
Dad: “There's another Rockdude! Or wait, Geodude, right?”
Daughter: “That's a Rhyhorn” — Caitlin Elise Willis (@caiwillis) July 23, 2016
Overheard someone says: “Everyone's accepted at Comic-con.” Wouldn't it be nice if the whole world were more like Comic-con? #sdcc2016 — Califan (@CalifanSD) July 22, 2016
Follow Audrey Kearns on Twitter here here
Sep 20, 2015-
I am a Chhetri man, born and raised in Kathmandu. Today, the new constitution of the Federal Republic of Nepal will be officially promulgated and it is my constitution—it has been drafted by people who share my gender, my complexion, my language, my customs, my religion and my traditions. It is a document that preserves my standing in society. It takes pains to ensure that my kind, we Bahun-Chhetri men, will not lose much, if anything. And it sends a message to those pesky Madhesis, Tharus, Janajatis and women—all those who oppose this ‘historic' ‘epoch-making' document—that we will prevail, whether by ballot or by bullet.
On that vaunted public sphere that is Facebook, there is triumph, a sense of victory for having persevered against those who would try to derail us. There is a very real geist present, that of a battle won. We the winners and they—the protesters who are against the constitution—the losers. After all, we tried to reason with them, but they just wouldn't listen. We invited them for talks but they never sat down with us. Of course, we had armed police officers, ready with their tear gas, their rubber bullets and their live ammunition, but that, of course, was just for our protection.
Winners and losers
By all accounts, I should be ecstatic.
But there is little euphoria. Unlike most of my acquaintances on social media, instead of joy and celebration, there is only a deep unease and a sense of foreboding. There have been more than 40 deaths in the Madhes, of both protesters and security forces. Half of the country has been shut down for weeks. There are still curfews in place. And yet, the constitution was issued in Kathmandu amid a flurry of handshakes between ageing men in daura-suruwals and Dhaka topis. Once again, it is as if Kathmandu is all of Nepal and the Madhes might as well be Syria or Kosovo.
On social media, among those who would call themselves ‘liberal', the tone is both triumphalist and defensive. It celebrates the ‘historic' constitution with the caveat that the document is not set in stone and that it can be amended. Certainly, it could've been amended even before it was passed. But that wasn't allowed. The party whips saw to that.
This triumph has been a long time coming. Ever since the protests started in the Madhes and the Far West, Kathmandu has treated them with deep suspicion. Despite media images of thousands of people on the streets of Tarai in protest, there are those who refuse to believe that this is a legitimate protest from legitimate citizens. The Madhesis are being misled by opportunistic leaders, or they are being instigated by Indians from across the border, or the favourite refrain, they are ‘uneducated'. There is little attempt to listen and try to understand why so many would want to march on the streets when there is a very real chance that they might be shot.
Instead, everything is taken personally—“I am not anti-Madhes”, “I didn't oppress you”, “I didn't call you dhoti”. The distinction that the Madhesis are opposed to the state, not individuals, is lost. And that is because our, we Kathmandu elites', identification with the state is complete and total. The state has always been there for us. It is at our beck and call. We can march into any government office and know that the man (and it is always a man) behind the desk will speak our language and understand what we want. We can rest easy knowing that the police will never call us dhoti or Madhise or Bhote. We are the state and when it is opposed, so are we.
Know your privilege
Because Kathmandu is so divorced from the rest of the country, we have the privilege of sitting back and allowing things to take their course. We can celebrate the constitution because we have something to celebrate. We find it difficult to identify with those in the Madhes because we have never lived the lives they have. Our privileges have insulated us from everything that they go through. Empathy is one thing, experience is another. And it is just so hard to admit that one is privileged. It means coming to terms with the unpleasant fact that perhaps it is not our innate talents that have gotten us to where we are. It is difficult to believe that we had a head start when we've already won the race. So we choose denial. No, they must be wrong. Their grievances are illegitimate. Structural inequalities don't exist anymore because now, there are no seats in the Lok Sewa reserved for us.
And we actively seek out faults in others. They're lazy, they're uneducated, they're violent, they hate us when we've never hurt them. And when that doesn't work, we choose to patronise them, treat them like children with no minds of their own. Poor Madhesis, they're just misled. We, with our degrees from foreign universities, talk down to them in English from our op-ed pages. We delude ourselves into thinking that they don't understand what federalism entails. And when they write to us, outraged and angry, we dismiss them as the ramblings of the ignorant. We accuse them of wanting to break up Nepal—the Nepal they've never really gotten to know because this Nepal sees them as Indians.
This is a malaise that infects everyone from the top rung leaders of this country to the ‘educated' upper and upper-middle class. Those who've gone to school in America post Facebook links about how #Blacklivesmatter, but back home in Nepal, the quiet comfort of Kathmandu cannot be shaken by protests because Madhesi lives don't matter. It is a symptom of a small privileged population that continues to see itself as the custodian of democratic values and the harbinger of anything progressive. Kathmandu's elite young people have benefitted so much from a rigged system that they will do anything in their power to maintain that stranglehold.
Just listen
The approach then is of excessive benevolence and magnanimity. Kathmandu is the benefactor and the Madhesis, Tharus supplicants. And if they finally come to talk, first, we make them beg and then we talk over them and down to them. At first, there is the patronising ‘Tharus are not violent people, they must've been instigated to do this' and then ‘You were misled by your leaders'. When that doesn't work, the bigotry comes to the fore, ‘You are violent people', ‘You want to break up Nepal'. And then the admonishments that dangle ‘being Nepali' as if it is a gift to be given away. The age of hectoring from a bully pulpit is past. Whatever happens in the coming days, amendments or more protests, Kathmandu needs to learn to listen.
Rana is a writer
Published: 20-09-2015 10:17
“Undercover officers have entered the barber shop to receive haircuts and attempt to buy marijuana , however they have failed,” according to an affidavit in support of a wiretap application sworn out on Oct. 23, 2009, by Ramon Valdez, a sergeant with the Internal Affairs Bureau. “An undercover officer attempted to work as a barber but there are no discussions by the targets of the investigation in the presence of the undercover police officer.”
The undercover coiffing interlude, and the failure thereof, was just one minor facet of a sprawling Internal Affairs Bureau investigation overseen by the Bronx district attorney, Robert T. Johnson , that resulted in the arrests last month of 16 police officers. But it is a crystalline example of the unanticipated hurdles, and the vagaries of human behavior, that can complicate any undercover operation, no matter how creatively planned.
The idea was hatched in the summer of 2009, when the investigation of Officer Ramos was in its early stages, according to several people with knowledge of the matter and the police records. The link to ticket-fixing had yet to be discovered; the focus was on drugs.
The undercover officer had cut hair before joining the force, and the department paid for the cost of reinstating their license to cut hair, which was issued by New York State , according to police records. The officer rented a barber chair from the owner for about $125 a week on and off from early July to late September 2009, and worked on about a dozen days, according to the people and the records.
That is when their colleagues were sent in for haircuts, for which the department paid $10 each, according to the records. The hope was that they would buy marijuana, or at least witness transactions.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It was unclear how many undercover investigators from the Internal Affairs unit got haircuts from the barber over that time, but police records indicate that there were at least four. (Undercover officers can decline any assignment, so they had the option of choosing not to return as repeat customers.) It was also unclear how many nonpolice customers, if any, got haircuts from the planted barber.
“The consensus was just that they gave bad haircuts,” one of the people briefed on the matter said. “They just didn't like their haircuts.”
But the undercover barber, whose name was not made available, was never able to meet Officer Ramos, according to the affidavit and others filed in the case, as well as police records and the people briefed on the matter. Nor was they able to meet any of the other suspect officers, and only once in passing did they meet one of the drug dealers believed to be associated with the shop's owner, according to the documents. They did not see any significant criminal activity, according to the documents.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As a result, Sergeant Valdez concluded that keeping the undercover barber in the shop was not productive.
“The use of an undercover police officer in furtherance of this investigation is, therefore, not feasible,” the affidavit said.
Paul J. Browne, the Police Department's chief spokesperson, would not discuss the barber shop and the efforts of the undercover officers there, saying, “The department does not disclose the details of undercover operations.” Despite the poor results, several people with knowledge of the matter said the idea to put the undercover officer in the barbershop was a good one. The shop itself has long since closed, replaced by a pharmacy.
Other issues arose during the undercover officer's work in the shop, one of the people said, including the apparent difficulty Internal Affairs had providing support for the officer. Indeed, on at least one occasion, when the barber was invited to go out to a club one night with other people from the shop, Internal Affairs was unable to provide the necessary surveillance, and as a result the officer did not go, the person said.
The undercover barber was promoted after the investigation was concluded, according to several people with knowledge of the matter, elevated to the rank of detective second-grade in a secret ceremony last week at 1 Police Plaza.
While it was not immediately clear whether they were rewarded for their work on the ticket case, it seems unlikely, based on the complaints of their colleagues about their barbering, that they were promoted for their haircutting prowess.
Plucked out of obscurity, the newest Heat big man is salvaging their season.
Each NBA season brings us a number of “breakout” performances, in varying tiers. There are younger players progressing more quickly than expected, like a Draymond Green in Golden State or Rudy Gobert in Utah. Not to be outdone are guys like Jimmy Butler and Klay Thompson, big talents projected for eventual greatness but exploding at such a vast rate as to make them especially noticeable. But perhaps the most intriguing group, probably because they're the rarest, are the true out-of-nowhere surprises, the guys miles away from anyone's radar who burst onto the scene to make a tangible impact.
He's barely played enough minutes to even qualify for that designation, but upstart Miami Heat center Hassan Whiteside has been doing their best to earn it so far this year. They were the toast of the league around the turn of the new year, rising from complete obscurity to an eventual Heat starter before a high ankle sprain temporarily slowed the train Tuesday night against the Thunder. But he's expected to return in short order, and any resemblance to their pre-injury performance will cement their status as one of the more unexpected ascensions in recent memory.
[newsbox style=”nb1″ display=”tag” tag=”playerb” title=”More Player Breakdowns” number_of_posts=”2″ show_more=”no” nb_excerpt=”0″]
This is far from a certainty, of course, as Whiteside has logged just 263 minutes in 17 appearances this year, and only about 55 as a starter. Further still, these represent roughly 70% of their lifetime NBA minutes at the age of 25 – Whiteside has taken quite the strange career path. They were drafted just outside the first round by Sacramento in 2010, but played only two minutes for the Kings before being optioned to Reno in the D-League. They rotated up and down without playing another NBA minute that year before undergoing surgery on a knee tendon in March of their rookie year. They once again rotated between Sacramento and Reno in their second year, appearing 18 times for the Kings for just over 100 minutes before finally being waived in the summer of 2012.
From there, Whiteside spent the next two full seasons bouncing around like a pinball between the D-League, Lebanon, China, and even the Memphis Grizzlies (two stops, one of which lasted just under a month and the other a single day). Finally, four days after being waived for the second time by Memphis, they inked a non-guaranteed deal with Miami. They were sent to the D-League yet again in mid-December, but returned just days later and has remained since, beginning their rapid climb to relevancy not long after.
Whiteside's PER sits at a mind-blowing 26.0 on the year, a partial testament to a two-week period where they dominated everything in their path. He's been too much for even some of the league's best big men down low, dunking with impunity and swallowing offensive boards at a rate that'd put them in the top 20 if they had logged enough minutes to qualify. He's the only roster member on a bad rebounding Heat team overall with whom they collect more than half the total available boards while they play, and they revert back to a figure that'd be league-worst during (obviously frequent) minutes without him.
He's shown a tantalizing skill set offensively in their limited time, built mostly around their high level talent as a catch-and-dunk specialist. Just under half their made field goals on the year have been of the dunking variety, mostly out of the pick-and-roll where teams have consistently underrated their leaping ability and reach (his wingspan is reportedly 7'7, which is remotely insane for a 7'0 person). He's developed a quick chemistry with Dwyane Wade in the two-man game:
Some of Whiteside's success here is due to defenses that haven't properly scouted him, and the better ones will be adjusting more quickly upon their return. They won't find quite as much cushion in two-man sets, though Erik Spoelstra, master tactician that they are, has already begun working in double-big screens with them and either Chris Bosh or Chris Andersen to mix things up and keep teams off guard. He's currently shooting 85.7% as the roll man in these sets, per Synergy Sports – a literally impossible figure that will fall as their sample grows, but one that leaves Heat fans salivating nonetheless.
Whiteside has shown flashes elsewhere in their offensive game as well, though he's still limited in many regards. He's strong on the offensive glass, as mentioned above, and isn't afraid to pursue their own shot following a board when they find themselves in good position. Couple that with what at times looks like a beautifully soft touch, and you get plays like this:
They haven't developed much as a passer after receiving the ball on the move, something that may slow them down just a tad when they start to see more bodies in the lane on the catch, but this is a skill only select NBA bigs truly possess, and their talents elsewhere are making it mostly irrelevant. He's yet to test it out much and will need many more attempts before any judgment here is accurate, but their shooting stroke from the midrange looks smooth and fluid, and he's not afraid to fire away:
These are much more than empty stats, as well. The Heat overall have predictably struggled after losing the greatest player on the planet this offseason, but have noticeably improved with Whiteside on the floor – their remaining stars in particular. Both Wade and Bosh show astronomical discrepancies between their per-possession efficiency with or without the big Marshall product alongside them, and both in fact see otherwise negative net differentials slide firmly into the black when they share the court. All three together have completely destroyed opponents, posting offensive and defensive efficiency figures that would both easily top the league's best season-long teams (a plus-27.0 net per-100 rating, though they've still only played 55 minutes as a trifecta).
Part of this is also the defensive fit, which has been solid thus far and projects extremely well with a unique sort of big like Bosh. Where they and the rest of Miami's bigs are accustomed to attacking opposing pick-and-rolls with the aggressive big high-hedge they instituted for small-ball-heavy teams over recent years, Whiteside is somewhat less mobile and certainly the sort of big who thrives hanging back in the paint and containing penetration. It's a hand-in-glove fit – Bosh is quick and lengthy enough to continue blitzing ball-handlers while matching up with any potential opposing stretch bigs, and Whiteside is an imposing mess of limbs and size for a smaller guard trying to enter their paint. Guys will assume they've got a step on them before being rudely informed otherwise:
Whiteside is allowing an extremely stingy 31.7% on 63 attempts to opposing ball-handlers in P&R action, again per Synergy. Though they once again needs to add to their sample here, it's just large enough that, when combined with a convincing eye test, it's easy to assume that he'll remain a defensive force if used correctly.
Again, it's very early to crown them as more than an extremely high-temperature flash in the pan. The sheer number of teams and leagues of which he's been a part since leaving college gives major pause, and a low sample of minutes combined with defenses who are only just becoming aware of their burgeoning skill set make doubts that much more reasonable. We haven't yet seen how effective they can be when teams game-plan specifically against him, or when they force them into mismatches defensively. He's actually the slightest bit light for their size, listed at 235 pounds, and bigger and more talented centers might give them a lesson or two in the post. There are a number of questions still left to be answered.
But as far as starts go, they could certainly have done worse. Whiteside has displayed an enormous amount of talent that absolutely deserves the buzz he's received, and he'll be a truly remarkable story if he's able to sustain even most of it for the remainder of the year. The Heat lost a great deal over the summer, but it's entirely possible that they stumbled on a hidden gem in the process.
Follow @ben_dowsett
[newsbox style=”nb1″ display=”tag” tag=”ben” title=”More from Ben Dowsett” number_of_posts=”2″ show_more=”no” nb_excerpt=”0″]
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is pushing back against a report alleging that the Trump administration had banned the organization from using specific words in next year's budget documents.
The Washington Post reported the news on Friday, citing an analyst who had been briefed on the ban of seven terms, which was confirmed by other CDC officials. The banned words, according to the Post included “vulnerable,” “entitlement,” “diversity,” “transgender,” “fetus,” “evidence-based” and “science-based,” and the reason for the ban was not clarified in the briefing.
“I want to assure you there are no banned words at CDC. We will continue to talk about all our important public health programs,” CDC Director Brenda Fitzgerald said in a Facebook post. “I want to assure you that CDC remains committed to our public health mission as a science- and evidence-based institution. As part of our commitment to provide for the common defense of the country against health threats, science is and will remain the foundation of our work.”
The CDC also included a statement from the department of Health and Human Services Department, who called the report a “mischaracterization.”
“HHS will continue to use the best scientific evidence available to improve the health of all Americans. HHS also strongly encourages the use of outcome and evidence data in program evaluations and budget decisions,” the organization said.
Write to Alana Abramson at Alana.Abramson@time.com.
At first look, George Osborne's new 'compulsory living wage' is a welcome move.
Any increase in the amount low paid workers receive can only be a good thing. However, Osborne is wrong to label this new measure a 'living wage'. In reality it is anything but.
Under Osborne's plans, a new living wage premium (LWP) for the over-25s would be introduced on top of the current minimum wage.
However, the size of this premium is far below what is required for people to live on, especially in London.
The current living wage is set at £7.85 an hour while the London living wage is set at £9.15 an hour. Under Osborne's proposals, the compulsory living wage would be initially set at just £7.20 in both London and elsewhere. This is not a living wage by any commonly understood definition.
There is also great uncertainty about what level the new living wage would rise to. The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) forecast that it will rise to around £9.35 by 2020, just 15p an hour more than the current London living wage.
However the OBR admit that they were "unable to discuss with the Low Pay Commission how they might approach setting out the precise trajectory ahead of its public announcement". It could well fall short.
Osborne's announcement also fails to take into account their own cuts to in-work benefits.
At the moment the living wage is set precisely by talking into account those benefits. If you reduce in-work benefits, you must increase the living wage.
In fact according to calculations by the Mayor of London's economic advisers: "If means-tested benefits were not taken into account (that is, tax credits, housing benefits and council tax benefits) the [London] Living Wage would be approximately £11.65 per hour."
Osborne has deliberately avoided taking these cuts into account when setting their new compulsory living wage. When you do take them on board, Osborne's promise of £7.20 an hour looks especially paltry.
The principle of establishing a compulsory living wage is an excellent one and today's announcement is a definite step forwards in that aim.
But Osborne is wrong to label this a compulsory living wage, when they have refused to set it at a level which is enough for people to actually live on. Without that, this is a living wage in name only.
Hong Kong for everyone Updated: 2012-11-11 08:06 By Rebecca Lo (China Daily)
Ira Champlain's images from Kowloon: Unknown Territory capture the diversity of Kowloon and the dynamic lives of ordinary people. Provided to China Daily
There are reasons to cross Victoria Harbor to Kowloon, and venture beyond Tsim Sha Tsui and Temple Street, says Rebecca Lo. Kowloon: Unknown Territory tells why.
One of my friends lives their life entirely within Hong Kong Island and becomes both disoriented and insecure when they have to venture even into nearby Kowloon or the New Territories.
 They are not alone. There are many long-time Hong Kong residents who live, work and play within a 1-km radius of Central and don't see any reason to step outside their comfort zone.
Nicole Chabot also readily admits that before they started working as a research associate for Hong Kong Polytechnic University's China Business Center, they had little reason to cross Victoria Harbor.
"Kowloon was certainly unknown territory to me at the outset of our explorations," the author of Kowloon: Unknown Territory says.
Born to a French father and a Chinese mother from Hong Kong, Chabot settled in Hong Kong after living in Edinburgh, London and Amsterdam. Through their research on Kwun Tong for PolyU, they became fascinated by the diversity of Kowloon.
"The book consists of 15 socio-cultural features that focus on aspects of the five districts of Kowloon," they explain. "Some of the districts such as Sham Shui Po and Kwun Tong are largely residential and generally very Chinese. But other districts, such as Yau Tsim Mong are extremely mixed. Chungking Mansions is a great example of a globalized space."
"Some tourist areas such as Temple Street are fully integrated into the city and have long been important local meeting places. Kowloon City is a gathering place for the Thai community in Hong Kong and historically had a Chaozhou focus. But with the relocation of the airport and major projects for west and east Kowloon on the drawing table, Kowloon is changing fast."
Chabot collaborated with Hong Kong-based American photographer Ira Champlain to capture the buzz of activity they experienced all around them
They feel that the photos make the book: "Ira is able to blend into most environments and people feel relaxed in their presence. They aren't local, another strength, as it means that Kowloon was a subject that they explored with few presumptions and plenty of enthusiasm."
"Many of the images of Hong Kong in other books are so-called iconic images of common sights that support a particular view of the city. The photos in this book are full of color and life. They celebrate Hong Kong street culture and ordinary people's lives. The images of people flesh out Kowloon as a really dynamic place," they say.
Publisher Pete Spurrier of Blacksmith Books feels that Kowloon: Unknown Territory offers a different spin from the usual coffee table offering.
"This book is an exploration of Kowloon by two people who show it differently: one in words and the other in pictures," they say. "Even though they explored the five districts together, they saw different things and spoke to different people. It's as if you walked up Nathan Road with a friend, each of you looking in opposite directions."
Both Spurrier and Chabot believe the book appeals to both local residents and tourists. Spurrier is also keen for a Chinese publisher to produce a Chinese-language edition.
"We hope that this book will encourage island-centric expats to cross the harbor more often and give tourists some reasons to venture beyond Tsim Sha Tsui and Temple Street," Spurrier says.
"This book shows that there is more to Hong Kong than just the obvious: shopping and spending money," Chabot says.
"Hong Kong has a distinctive cultural identity that needs to be valued and should be explored beyond the usual places. It is something in which everyone plays a part and it is for everyone."
Contact the writer at sundayed@chinadaily.com.cn.
(China Daily 11/11/2012 page15)
Las Vegas Police Releases Dramatic Body Cam Footage From Night of Shooting (VIDEO)
The Las Vegas Police Department has released dramatic body camera footage from Sunday night's mass shooting.
WATCH: Las Vegas Metro Police Dept. releases body cam footage from night of shooting. https://t.co/7YRBIj15Ni — NBC News (@NBCNews) October 4, 2017
As previously reported, crazed shooter Stephen Paddock slaughtered over 50 people Sunday night at a Las Vegas country western concert in a mass shooting.
Another 500+ people were injured.
Paddock set up a camera inside of their hotel room to film their shooting rampage. They also set up surveillance in the hallway to keep an eye on law enforcement closing in on him.
What did they say during their rampage? Did they go on a tirade before their shooting spree? Interior photos have leaked online of Paddock's hotel suite at the Mandalay Bay and there appears to be a note on a small side table.
(warning: disturbing photo)
Photos via Daily Star UK: There appears to be a handwritten note on a side table:
Police found an arsenal in Paddock's suite at the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Photo of a few firearms:
The Gateway Pundit also reported on other photos released earlier: https://twitter.com/JacquiHeinrich/status/915182518587891712?ref_src=twsrc% 5Etfw&ref_url=http% 3A% 2F% 2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com% 2F2017% 2F10% 2Fphotos-emerge-inside-vegas-shooters-hotel-room-suicide-note% 2F More information about the shooter and details unfolding surrounding Paddock as The Guardian reported: A total of 59 people have died , not including the suspect, and 527 people have been injured .
, not including the suspect, and . Police said authorities found several pounds of ammonium nitrate , a material used to make explosives, in the suspect's car.
, a material used to make explosives, in the suspect's car. At least 17 guns were found in the hotel room of the shooter.
were found in the hotel room of the shooter. The shooter is believed to have fired roughly 500 yards from their hotel room to the site of the concert.
from their hotel room to the site of the concert. The suspect had a girlfriend, who is currently in Tokyo , according to police, who are continuing to investigate them and plan to meet with them when they return.
, according to police, who are continuing to investigate them and plan to meet with them when they return. Police are preparing to raid another property of the suspect in Reno, Nevada.
Authorities still have no information to share about a possible motive for the shooting. NBC News also reported that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock wired $100,000 to the Philippines one week before Sunday's mass murder.
PORT DICKSON, Dec 13 — The United States has finally expressed its appreciation for the sacrifices and contributions of Malaysian peacekeepers for saving their soldiers in Mogadishu, Somalia on October 3, 1993.
The gratitude was expressed by Tom Kelly, the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau Of Political-Military Affairs today, 20 years after the famous incident which formed the basis for the movie “Black Hawk Down.”
Kelly said Malaysian peacekeepers had proven their mettle and prowess in performing their duties under the United Nations (UN) banner.
“In global peace operations, we always admire the great capacity of Malaysian peacekeepers and benefited from their heroism and bravery.
“A Malaysian peacekeeper lost their lives when rescuing American soldiers in Mogadishu 20 years ago,” they told reporters after handing over Full Training Capability and launch of the Malaysia Peacekeeping Centre Blueprint, here today.
Malaysian Armed Forces (ATM) Chief, Gen Datuk Seri Zulkifeli Mohd Zin was also present.
In the incident 20 years ago, a group of American soldiers were caught behind enemy lines after Somali militias shot down two Black Hawk helicopters over Mogadishu.
Malaysian peacekeepers and Pakistani peacekeepers under UNOSOM II (United Nations Operation In Somalia) then assisted American soldiers to rescue the trapped group.
The rescue operation was successful but a Malaysian soldier was killed while eight others were injured.
Washington had never officially recognised the role of Malaysian peacekeepers in the rescue mission in Mogadishu, Somalia.
The movie “Black Hawk Down” directed by Ridley Scott in 2001 also neglected to mention the role played by Malaysian peacekeepers in rescuing the American soldiers.
Kelly said the Malaysian Peacekeeping Centre proves that Malaysia has the best peacekeepers.
“All Malaysians should be proud of what the Malaysian defence force has achieved here,” they added. — Bernama
Life's most important messages can come from a wise family member, a close friend, or a wise professor — but sometimes they come from Pamela Anderson.
The former Baywatch beauty co-wrote an oped in Thursday's Wall Street Journal warning men about the addictive dangers of pornography and how they can ruin a family, as it did to Anthony Weiner.
“And if anyone still doubted the devastation that porn addiction wreaks on those closest to the addict, behold the now-shattered marriage of Mr. Weiner and Huma Abedin, a breakup that they initiated, reportedly, in shock at the disgraced ex-member of congress's inclusion of their 4-year-old son in one lewd photo that they sent to a near-stranger,” Anderson wrote.
The former Playboy model insisted that porn had “corrosive effects on a man's soul and on their ability to function as husband and, by extension, as father.” They called it a national public hazard.
Anderson's accusations are exaggerated, but not entirely baseless. Cambridge University studied the brain scans of porn addicts and found that they are eerily similar to those of drug addicts.
The American Psychological Association reported that anywhere from 50 to 99 percent of men consume pornography, and it makes guys less satisfied in bed and less likely to want to stay with just one partner. Furthermore a report from Babble Out found that 58 percent of people addicted to porn suffer financial loss and one-in-three even lose their jobs.
According to the National Center for Biotechnology Information, porn is as addictive as marijuana and not far behind cocaine dependency.
Generation Z may become bigger porn addicts than any previous generation. “They are the crack babies of porn,” Anderson said, pointing out that technology is making pornography so much more widely accessible than it was 15 or 20 years ago.
Anderson says they don't want to ban porn, because it would be fruitless, saying that technology is never going to move backwards. They said government regulations “could never reseal the Pandora's box of pornography.”
Instead of being Puritanical and giving up on sex, Anderson wants people to have more of it and lead a “sensual revolution” and educate ourselves to understand that “porn is for losers—a boring, wasteful and dead-end outlet for people too lazy to reap the ample rewards of healthy sexuality.”
It's ironic Anderson is committed to ending pornography, given that they appeared on the cover of Playboy more times than any other model in history. Them home video with ex-husband Tommy Lee was the original Kim K or One Night in Paris.
Facts being what they are, maybe it takes a personality like Anderson's to tell men to end their addiction to porn. Just like only Nixon could go to China, only Pamela could tell men to close the computer and go make love to your girlfriend.
Latest Videos
The aroma of canteen bolognese sauce and curry wafts across the chatter-filled corridor and into the school assembly hall, where half a dozen actors are rehearsing their lines and moves. The centre of the hall suddenly becomes a parade ground, one corner a military prison. Rows of chairs appear and the space changes into a classroom where a new pupil is being ridiculed.
Despite the venue, this is no teenage make-and-mend production but the latest groundbreaking play being staged by National Theatre Wales: an examination of the life and times of the school's most famous former pupil, Bradley Manning.
Manning, the US soldier accused of betraying their country by divulging secrets via WikiLeaks, spent their formative years in the far south-west of Wales with their Welsh mother, and attended the Tasker Milward comprehensive in Haverfordwest.
So when National Theatre Wales, which produced the Michael Sheen play The Passion, decided to stage a version of Manning's life, there seemed no better place to rehearse and open the play than the corridors and hall that they knew so well.
The play, The Radicalisation of Bradley Manning, was written by Tim Price, who was taken aback when they read in the Guardian that the man at the centre of the WikiLeaks saga had Welsh roots.
"I'm from Aberdare in the valleys and I was bowled over that at the heart of this global story was this person that I had things in common with," said Price. "We've been through the same education system, he's played rugby in the rain, he's struggled with Welsh language mutations and now they are at the heart of this information war."
Price began trying to find out everything they could about Manning, speaking to friends, old schoolmates and teachers. The Labour MP Ann Clwyd, who pressed the government to acknowledge Manning's British roots, helped Price, as did the UK Friends of Bradley Manning. "There's enough anti-Bradley information out there saying he's a traitor, a bed-wetting mentalist," said Price. "I felt there was room to explore Bradley's politics, their upbringing."
Manning is the son of a US serviceman, Brian, and a Haverfordwest woman, Susan.  They are a US citizen but also, under the British Nationality Act 1981, British by descent. They attended Tasker Milward from the age of 12 to 16. "A recurring theme was that they were far more politically astute and aware of the world than any of their classmates," said Price. "His friends say that while they were talking about girls, they were talking about Iraq. They were plugged into global politics."
The play is to be performed at Tasker Milward and also at schools in Cardiff and Flintshire in north Wales. It is not aimed specifically at students, although it is hoped some of them will come. Price's creation will also be beamed around the world via the internet along with links that will allow viewers to look at some of the source material while they watch.
Price arrived with the cast for this rehearsal at Haverfordwest on a minibus from Cardiff. It was the first time they had been in the school. "It's unnerving to think this was Bradley's domain. Every day for four years this is where they hung out with friends, this is where they grew up. To be putting on a story about them in this school is wonderful but it also feels quite complex."
The writer was delighted when the cast jumped out of the bus to sniff the air and identify "school pizza". The rehearsal is punctuated by shrill school bells – the same ones that Manning would have heard. Later in the day a group of drama students break away from their work on Brecht and watch the rehearsal. One of them knows a lot about Manning because a friend is related to him.
The director John McGrath said they hoped the cast would "dig into the place". "A third of the scenes are set in this school so by rehearsing scenes here there is a huge amount of information for them to draw on."
McGrath believes the story of Manning, who was held in solitary confinement for almost a year, is important in itself but also because of the light it casts on what people in their early 20s – Manning is 24 – are doing to change the world. "I think maybe this is the first time since the 60s when people in their 20s are doing the political running, from the students' protests to Occupy to the Arab spring."
The six actors who play 30-odd parts (all of them, including the two women, standing in as Manning at some point to chime with the Am Bradley Manning campaign, in which supporters post images of themselves holding a placard repeating that slogan) are all in their early 20s, partly as a reminder of their youth.
Both Price and McGrath are keen to emphasise that this is not a campaign piece or documentary theatre but a drama, one version of a life story that may not be fully told for years.
Price, who hears during the day that they have been nominated for an Olivier award for their play Salt, Root and Roe, has written to Manning telling them about the play and hopes that one day they may be able to see it.  They are convinced Manning is a hero. "He's a 24-year-old guy brought up in Wales, he's also a symbol and represents where the west can go so badly wrong."
Danny Collinge was spotted by VfB Stuttgart while playing for England at youth level
While we have become accustomed to foreign teenagers moving thousands of miles away from home to England in stockpiled Premier League academies, the reverse is somewhat of a novelty.
The widely-accepted narrative goes that English youngsters are too mollycoddled to risk a move abroad and, when they do reach the age for first-team football, they are happier settling for a place on the bench at a club near home.
But, while 17-year-old Jadon Sancho made headlines after swapping Manchester City for Borussia Dortmund on transfer deadline day, there is already a little-known Englishman barely spoken of in their home country trying to break through in the German Bundesliga.
And a trawl of the internet does not shed much light on them either.
"I'm glad you can't find so much information about me," VfB Stuttgart defender Danny Collinge told BBC Sport.
"In Germany, young players hardly get any media attention. Players can focus on their football, focus on their development and not get caught up in the hype and attention.
"I appreciate my freedom to just concentrate solely on football, which I realise is a bit contradictory given I'm doing an interview now."
Education, education, education
Reece Oxford (centre) training with Borussia Monchengladbach, where they were sent on loan by West Ham this summer
Collinge has seen their fellow countrymen follow in their footsteps this summer, having been joined in the German Bundesliga by Reece Oxford and Kaylen Hinds, while most recently Sancho joined Borussia Dortmund.
While these players had fully graduated through an English club's academy system, Collinge's journey to the continent began in 2014, as a 16-year-old who had just finished their GCSEs.
The England youth international was playing for MK Dons - the club that developed England international Dele Alli - and had been offered a two-year scholarship.
But for Collinge there was one drawback - they wanted to study A levels, something very few clubs in England offer the chance to do.
"I wanted the opportunity to pursue the educational side of my life because that's something I value dearly," said the now 19-year-old. "School has always been something I was quite good at and I wanted to always have a plan B.
"In England that opportunity wasn't there for me, but in Germany I was given the opportunity to go to an international school and study for an International Baccalaureate. That would secure me a good back-up plan if football didn't work out for me."
Danny Collinge has yet to play a first-team game for VfB, and will begin this season playing for their reserve side in the German equivalent of England's League Two
A lot of what is on offer comes down to a matter of timetabling.
Clubs in England have built a system where youngsters do a BTEC or advanced BTEC as a group, usually in-house, which allows the club to fit studies alongside their rigorous youth-team training schedules.
If one or two youngsters want to do A Levels, they have to go into outside schools or colleges, where lesson timings rarely fit in with that training regime.
It is, therefore, no surprise that it is uncommon for young players to do no more than one or two A Levels, much of which will be in their spare time and at clubs that can afford to spend that little more money.
But Collinge, who would go on to get results of eight A*s, three As and one B in their GCSEs, believes clubs need to be more adaptable.
"There's not one right way to treat every single player," they said. "Some players will need mental stimulation and others are just happy playing their football.
"I think we need to be able to accommodate for each different type of player, rather than put every single player down this one track.
"It's about ensuring everyone finds the right pathway outside of football when their career does come to an end."
'Are you sure you want to do this?'
VfB last won the Bundesliga in 2007, with a side that included Sami Khedira and legendary captain Fernando Meira
Instead, Collinge turned to a former team-mate of theirs at MK Dons Kevin Danso, who had moved to Augsburg, for advice.
Danso's agent suggested Stuttgart could be the place for him, a club with a pedigree of bringing through young talent, including seven of Germany's 2017 Confederations Cup side, and that had already watched Collinge playing for England's youth sides.
"At the start it was just an idea and that idea turned into a reality," said Collinge. "When my dad asked me 'are you sure this is the move you want to make?', I was convinced and my parents were convinced too.
"I'd get emotional when thinking about my friends and family that I'd be leaving behind, but I knew they'd be within reach when I needed them. It's only an hour-and-a-half flight."
Collinge made their way from England to south west Germany, where they were greeted to a youth set-up that brought through Sami Khedira, Mario Gomez and one-time Liverpool target Timo Werner.
And what better motivation for VfB's youngsters than having their living quarters and training pitches in the shadow of the club's 60,000-capacity Mercedes-Benz Arena, as well as alongside the first-team, who have just won promotion back to the Bundesliga after one season outside the top flight.
"I've never questioned why I was here," said Collinge.
"It was just a case of dealing with the sacrifices that come with it. Coming home is lovely, and it's sometimes hard to leave home, but once you're here and I compare it to the football I was playing at home, it is a no-brainer."
What does the future hold?
VfB Stuttgart spent last season in Bundesliga II, but have made an instant return to Germany's top flight
Collinge has just moved into their own flat after graduating through the club's youth system and moved up to VfB II, the club's reserve side that currently play in the fourth tier of German football.
Not every player is fortunate enough to attract interest from abroad but, for those that can, would they recommend it to others?
"I think a move abroad is difficult but it's so rewarding," they said. "You just have to look at the past five or 10 years of international football.
"What Germany have done in the past four months - they've won the Under-21 Euros and the Confederations Cup, both of them with essentially their B team.
"If that doesn't show you the depth of players that are coming through the German system I don't know what will. Eight players in the Confederations Cup squad could have played for the under-21 side.
"Maybe the risk and having that courage to move abroad will be really worthwhile."
Collinge seems pretty settled in Germany and is making their way through a book titled 'Die Perfekte Kniebeuge' - or 'The Perfect Squat'.
"From a footballing point of view I think I'd want to stay in Germany," they said, when asked if they would ever return.
"I love the German approach to football. They put a lot of emphasis into developing youth players. They're willing to take risks. I think the football here is a lot more technical and tactical than in England.
"The reason I would come back to England would be if I'd become a complete player and come through the development phase. But I don't think I can see it in the near future."
Deceased Bankers Defiance and Day Jobs.
LISTEN
There's a stupid old expression that says “time is the coin of life, be careful how you spend it.” I'm not sure if there's a soul on Earth that reads that and thinks “yes, I'm definitely spending my time in the wisest way possible.” After all, how can we? Life requires us to have many obligations we don't really want to deal with- school, debt, jobs, families- they just seem to keep piling up, burying us in a stinky heap of duty (pun fully intended). But, every now and then someone manages to dig their way out of the rubble. Mr. Greg Carlwood would be one of them.
A couple of years ago, with nothing more than an idea, an anxious middle finger and a desire to better their life, Greg started their own show called The Higherside Chats. The show now boasts thousands of listeners from all over the world and it's quickly becoming one of the most popular destinations on the net for alternative media and conspiracy chatter. Oh, and it also enabled them to quit their unfulfilling, soul-sucking day job in retail.
If you'd like to take the plunge into Greg's deep and murky waters (you do), check out the following-
Higherside Chats
Conspiratees
Twitter
Facebook
Join the thousands who already support Midwest Real. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook and don't forget to subscribe and review on Itunes!
David Moyes is being eyed by Celtic as the man to replace Ronny Deila in the summer.
The Norwegian's one-year rolling contract will be up for renewal but Celtic are thought to be chasing the former Manchester United and Everton manager.
Celtic faced Moyes' Real Sociedad side in a pre-season friendly and won 1-0 with the goal coming from Gary Mackay-Steven.
Moyes began their career in the green and white Hoops and made 28 appearances in three years before moving on to Cambridge United.
According to the Daily Mail, the 52-year-old tops the list of managers to replace Deila in the summer.
They spent 10 successful years managing 500 games at Everton and guided them to four European campaigns and a fourth-placed finish in the Premier League.
The Scot move to Manchester United in 2013 but was sacked in April as they failed to live up to high expectations in Manchester.
A spell aboard managing Spanish side Read Sociedad will also have given the manager valuable experience, even if their time there was one day shy of a year.
Moyes is thought to still have an affection for Celtic and although they would prefer a move to another Premier League team, a move up to Glasgow is a possibility.
'Tis the season for all things spooky so why not get into the spirit of things - see what I did there? - and when you're having your usual get-togethers or nights out with friends this week, why not give the night a spooky twist? All these are super easy and make for a very drunken Halloween celebration, which is what Halloween is all about right? Dressing up and having a laugh, or maybe a scare...
1. Trick or Treat.
Line up six shots and grab a die. Fill the shot glasses with alternate spirits. For the treat shots use something easy to down but for the trick shots pour in tequila or another hard liquor. Refill the shots as they are used up and mix the numbers up! Good luck trying to remember what happens after the party.
2. Horror Movie Game.
Having a few over to watch one of the many thrillers being shown on TV this week? This game works best with slasher flicks. Everyone picks a character. Whenever your character screams, you take a shot. If a girl dies first then all the girls in the room take a shot; if a guy dies first then all the guys drink. If your character survives you can pick someone else to drink, but if your character dies you've to take two shots. If you correctly guess the killer, or how to defeat the supernatural foe everyone else mixes their drinks together and has to drink the murky Halloween concoction.
Advertisement
3. Spookify your regular drinking games.
Fan of Kings? Instead of a pint glass or red solo cup in the centre of the ring of cards uses a plastic pumpkin - or a hallowed out real one if you're feeling really festive. More of a beer pong person? Draw a bloody eye onto the ping pong balls. Might freak out the occasional drunk co-ed.
4. Bobbing for apples.
Miss the innocence of childhood and the ignorance of throwing your face into a basin of water mixed with your friend's drool and snots? Fear not! Instead of the traditional water make the cheapest punch that your student budget can afford or go down the apple route and fill basin with cheap cider. Why not number the apples so the corresponding number refers to the amount of shots that person has to take, or mix it with the Trick or Treat game and they have to choose one of those shots. At least the alcohol might get rid of most of the germs.
5. Cocktail Night.
Have a ton of liquor and not sure what to do with it? Halloween-themed cocktail night. Try these cocktail recipes here, here and here and happy drinking!
Credit: Marvel Comics
Credit: Marvel Comics
X-Men: Blue and X-Men: Gold are about to come together in the first X-Men crossover of "ResurrXion" - and writers Cullen Bunn and Marc Guggenheim, along with artist Jorge Molina and others to be named later, are using one of the X-Men's weirdest foes to set it all up in a story called "Mojo Worldwide."
That's right - Mojo is back, and he's bringing some other classic X-Men mainstays with him.
"Mojo deals in meta-thinking the way an expert gambler deals in cards," Bunn explained to ComicBook. "And we lean into it in a big way. You're going to be revisiting some classic X-Men stories, but you'll be seeing them through Mojo's eyes. You'll see the Blue and Gold teams working together (and breaking up into interesting sub-groups) but Mojo is turning their eye for entertainment to the groupings as well. Every move Mojo makes has 'meta' written all over it, and they are inviting the citizens of the Marvel Universe to share their vision. As the story goes on, they escalate the stakes ever step of the way. More meta, more dangerous."
Credit: Marvel Comics
"From a meta perspective, we knew we wanted to do a Mojo story, but some of us worried that readers don't find Mojo to be much of a threat because their stories always take place in the alternate dimension of Mojoworld," Bunn continued. "Well, we decided to blow that misconception out of the water straight away by bringing Mojo to our world. We want Mojo to be sort of quirky and weird, but also scary and threatening. And we're bringing them right to your doorstep."
And of course, he's bringing Longshot with him. According to Bunn, Longshot is back to their old tricks, trying to overthrow Mojo's rulership.
"Longshot has been back in Mojoworld, and he's been causing trouble. He's still fomenting a rebellion, but it isn't taking the form you might expect," Bunn explained. "Once more, for the sake of keeping a few surprises for the book, I'll decline to say what he's doing exactly. But he's more of a thorn in Mojo's side than ever before. When they show up, we'll quickly set up that they have a very different outlook on the trials and tribulations the X-Men are facing... but they need them if they are going to survive."
What's more, there are some secrets between Kitty Pryde and Jean Grey, the leaders of their respective X-Men teams - namely that Jean and the original X-Men are working with Magneto. According to Bunn, all of that will come to a head in "Mojo Worldwide" as well.
Jean is keeping a big secret from Kitty. That secret is that the original five X-Men are working with Magneto. In an adventure like this, that secret is bound to be exposed, and that could very well change how the X-Men interact with one another going forward."
Credit: Marvel Comics
Mojo Worldwide kicks off in X-Men: Blue #13 before moving into X-Men: Gold #13. Here are the solicitations for both issues:
X-MEN: BLUE #13
Written by CULLEN BUNN
Penciled by JORGE MOLINA
Cover by ARTHUR ADAMS
MOJO WORLDWIDE Parts 1 and 3
Mojo, the demented creature obsessed with melding deadly television shows with reality, has made Earth their focus and it's going to take the combined might of two X-MEN teams to fight back! But when threats from their past are thrown at them, how will these teams react? With SENTINELS and BROOD and BAD MEMORIES attacking at every opportunity, will KITTY and JEAN and their teams be able to save Manhattan? Or is this the trick that finally boosts MOJO's ratings?
32 PGS./Rated T+ …$3.99
X-MEN: GOLD #13
Written by MARC GUGGENHEIM
Penciled by TBA
Cover by ARTHUR ADAMS
MOJO WORLDWIDE Parts 2 and 4
The X-MEN may have bitten off more than they can chew as the Mojoverse continues its bizarre invasion of MANHATTAN! JEAN GREY and their team fight side by side with KITTY PRYDE and their group of Merry Mutants…but can MOJO be defeated when he's got the X-Men's greatest hits weaponized against them? Or will an unlikely alley come to the rescue?
32 PGS./Rated T+ …$3.99
In the main hall of the hands-on science exhibits at the Cape Town Science Center in South Africa, a lifeless, tattered globe stands under naked fluorescent bulbs, all but ignored by children passing through on school tours.
Across a sunblasted courtyard and up a dingy staircase, another globe — a digital globe — stands in a darkened room. This globe is a shining sphere of light. Children stand awe-struck; adults of a certain age may be reminded of images like Apollo 8's Earthrise photograph, while Tolkien fans of all ages will recall the spherical, swirling “palantír” of Saruman in “The Lord of the Rings” (forged in the days when Middle Earth was still flat).
Until recently, cost and technical limitations have largely confined these modern spheres to institutional settings like science centers. But as technology improves and prices fall, it's growing more likely that a digital orb will someday arrive in a classroom or boardroom — even a living room — near you.
As the name suggests, a digital globe is a spherically shaped display screen. Like the old-school globes once common in classrooms, digital globes vary in size, but a typical model is about 24 inches across. Unlike the globes of your childhood, the image on a digital globe can be changed with the touch of a button. Controlled by a keyboard or tablet computer, a digital globe can toggle between familiar, static images, like the world's political boundaries, topography or vegetation. It can animate complex phenomena, like the formation of weather systems, the effect of global warming on wolverine habitats or the annual pulse of sea ice. It can display the surface of the moon, the churning azure cloudscapes of Neptune or the celestial globe — the night sky.
Never miss the latest news from TexAgs! Join our free email list
The Mike Sherman Era at Texas A&M has come to an end. The fourth-year head coach was informed of the decision by the Aggie decision-makers on Thursday evening. During their tenure as the Ags' head man, Sherman went 25-25, including what many felt was a breakthrough Cotton Bowl season in 2010 and a bitterly disappointing 6-6 finish this fall.Myself and the rest of the TexAgs crew will obviously have this covered from all angles throughout the remainder of the day — as well as the upcoming coaching search ... one that is expected to begin and end very swiftly. Kevin Sumlin is the leading candidate for the job, with Kirby Smart and Charlie Strong in the mix as well. Much more on this as the night rolls on at TexAgs.com.1) Coach Sherman has apparently come off the road (no longer making in-house visits). Texas A&M is now in the market for a new head man.2) Lots to say about this later on Twitter and @texags but I'll begin with this: There's not a better man in coaching than Mike Sherman...3) ...and I have to believe he'll be on an NFL sideline as early as next season - as an OC or head coach.4) The A&M program is in so much better shape today than it was four years ago, it's not even worthy of debate. The next coach will inherit...5) ...a very stable situation. As reported by @kbohls, UH's Kevin Sumlin the primary candidate ... with Kirby Smart and Charlie Strong in mix.6) Based on what I've felt from outset, A&M has ONE candidate they felt was the answer and they could get QUICKLY or they don't make this move.
IS the whole world out to get Donald Trump?
They certainly believe so, claiming the election will be rigged, the media is biased towards Hillary Clinton and the authorities have colluded to protect them
The Republican nominee is looking increasingly less likely to win, with polling putting Clinton well ahead.
And while some say that's because of sexual assault allegations against them and their recorded lewd remarks about women, Trump maintains that Clinton is deeply embedded in the establishment and has an unfair advantage.
Let's take a look at what they say and whether it is true.
VOTING IS RIGGED
Trump has been ramping up claims of “large-scale voter fraud” that they believe will happen before and on election day in the US.
They said the election would be rigged at the polling booths, and that it was common for people to pose as dead citizens to vote. “People that have died 10 years ago are still voting,” they told a Wisconsin rally yesterday evening. “Illegal immigrants are voting. I mean, where are the street smarts of some of these politicians?
“So many cities are corrupt, and voter fraud is very, very common.”
They have repeatedly asked their supporters to keep an eye out for fraud at the polls and has expressed particular concerns about cities like Philadelphia that have large minority populations.
But there is little evidence to back up their claims.
Trump cited Pew Center research that appeared in a report about antiquated voter registration systems “plagued with errors and inefficiencies.”
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 17, 2016
The 2012 study found that around 24 million — or one in eight — voter registrations were invalid or significantly inaccurate. It also found that more than 1.8 million dead people were listed as voters and around 2.75 million were registered in more than one state. But the report cited no evidence that those errors had contributed to significant voter fraud.
Of one billion votes cast in American elections between 2000 and 2014, there were only 31 known cases of impersonation fraud, according to a Loyola Law School study.
The Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law put voter fraud incident rates between 0.00004 per cent and 0.0009 per cent.
Between 2002 to 2007, when the Justice Department was giving priority to election-crime enforcement, it obtained 86 convictions, according to the National Conference on State Legislatures.
Trump also cited a controversial 2014 op-ed in The Washington Post by Old Dominion University researchers who said enough non-citizens had voted in recent elections that their participation could plausibly change the outcome of close elections.
They claimed that since non-citizens tend to vote Democrat, their participation could be responsible for Barack Obama's 2008 victory in North Carolina. But the President had enough votes to win the election without North Carolina, which they took by less than 14,000 votes.
MEDIA ON HILLARY'S SIDE
Trump insisted that polls showing them trailing Clinton were skewed because many of those surveyed did not want to say they were voting for him.
They blamed the media for trying to “poison the minds of the voters” in its reporting on sexual misconduct accusations against him.
“They want to put nice sexy headlines up even though nothing happened,” said Trump, who denies the allegations.
It is fair to say the media has been more critical of the Republican nominee than their rival — probably the effect of both a left-leaning press and the fact they have made more outrageous and blatantly inaccurate remarks than their opponent.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 17, 2016
The Center for Public Integrity published an analysis showing that more than 96 per cent of campaign donations by journalists had gone to Clinton. However, the donations totalled less than $400,000, compared with Trump's $400 million total and Clinton's $795 million.
“The media has deceived the public by putting women front and centre with made-up stories and lies, and got caught,” Trump tweeted.
Their wife Melania today added that the women were “organised from the opposition” and that the media did not check their background.
Trump also tweeted that Clinton was given the debate questions in advance, but Huffington Post political writer Kelly Scaletta responded: “There was one email. There was only one debate after they got it. And that question wasn't asked in it.”
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect them It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country deserves better! pic.twitter.com/n2NpH3zmcy — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 17, 2016
EMAIL SCANDAL CONTINUES
Trump is also claiming the FBI colluded with the Justice Department and State Department “to try to make Hillary Clinton look like an innocent person.”
Records released yesterday indicate that a senior State Department official unsuccessfully sought to lower the classification level of an email found on the private server Clinton used for email as secretary of state.
Clinton's aide is recorded as suggesting the classification could be changed in exchange for the State “allowing the FBI to place more agents in countries where they are presently forbidden.”
Neither the declassification nor the increase in agents occurred.
But both the FBI and State Department said it was the FBI official who actually said this.
“This shows corruption at the highest level,” said Trump in a video posted on Twitter. “Let's see how the press covers it.”
Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon said it was well known that there was disagreement among government agencies “about the decisions to retroactively classify certain material in emails sent to Secretary Clinton ... and we were not part of these disagreements that played out inside the government.”
There are traces of evidence that back Trump's belief they are being marginalised by the elite — although they certainly have their own powerful friends.
But their furious complaining sounds suspiciously like the anger of a man who believes they have been beaten.
— With wires
HOUSTON — This is no illusion. The New England Patriots had an unofficial magician who performed tricks at the team's request this season.
John Logan, who has been doing magic for a decade, was in Texas Friday twirling cards between their fingers, and making them appear behind people's hats, as they explained how they became the person who entertained the hulking players inside the locker room at Gillette Stadium to keep their spirits high.
“We just do it as a motivational factor,” said Logan, who is from Hanover. “You know, ‘If John can kind of perform the impossible, then why can't we win this game? Or why can't we achieve something on our bucket list?'”
Advertisement
Patriots spokesperson Stacey James told the Globe in an e-mail that Logan works for the team's content group, to develop material for Patriots.com. In that capacity, they said, Logan has had a variety of responsibilities, which earlier this year spilled over into mystifying players with their sleight of hand.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“As a magician, one of the things we have had them do for content this year is performed some magic tricks with a player” on camera, said James. “Late in the season, one of the players they performed for asked them to show a teammate a trick. That drew a crowd of a couple of players and even some media. That was repeated once a week for a couple of weeks late in the year.”
More than a dozen videos on the team's website, called “Magic Moments,” show Logan impressing players with their craft.
Magician and consultant Stathi Zaf has been helping Logan design the routines and variety of tricks featured in the videos, which they said can take hundreds of hours to put together.
“I'm like the Belichick, I'm like designing all these things, and he's like the Brady,” said Zaf.
Advertisement
In one of the videos posted online this season, Logan left Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett asking, “How'd you do that?”, following a card trick.
Logan has even caught the attention of Tom Brady.
A day before the AFC Championship game, Brady tipped their hat to the locker room magician for their talents.
“I saw them in there a couple weeks ago and they did some amazing things,” said Brady, according to WEEI. “I think everyone is blown away by a little magic. It was pretty cool.”
Logan told the Globe it was equally cool to get recognized by the quarterback during a press conference.
Advertisement
“He's such a great guy,” they said.
Logan said backup quarterback Jacoby Brissett seems to be their biggest fan. Whenever Logan's in the locker room, they said, Brissett will approach him, eager for a brief performance.
“He'll be like, ‘Alright, John, you're my man, you've got to show me a trick,'” said Logan, who has written two books. “So every day I'll have a new trick for Jacoby. He's super nice though. He's a great person.”
Logan hasn't been performing for the team leading up to the Super Bowl, they said, but is happy to do so if he's called for duty.
They said one of the best parts about doing tricks for the players has been getting to learn more about the athletes on a personal level.
“That's the great thing about magic. All of these tough football players, who are unbelievable athletes, when you perform magic it really brings them back to their childhood,” they said. “The reactions are just priceless.”
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @steveannear
Homelessness is a world we see every day, but know little about. It wears down the mind, body, and spirit. In 2015, 92 homeless men and women died in Utah – more than half passed away in care facilities and hospitals, others in temporary housing; 39 people died in shelters, on the streets, and in crudely constructed campsites. For the homeless, death is a stark and familiar presence that lurks in back alleys, and sometimes in plain sight. Where do Utah's homeless go when suffering at the end, in the uneasy space between life and death?
Homeless at the End, a KUED original film produced by Sally Shaum and Nancy Green, puts a much-needed human face on the challenges faced by Utah's homeless who find themselves confronted with their mortality.
The film follows one man in particular, James Adams, through their final journey at the INN Between after their diagnosis with cancer. The film paints a touching portrait of the relationships they form with caregivers, the other residents, and eventually with the daughter they had not seen in years.
Each person is unique, and their stories and circumstances run a wide gamut. However, the film makes the case that, regardless of the choices they have made, every human being deserves to experience the end of life with dignity.
The film is part of KUED'S Homeless in Utah initiative.
“When Nancy and I first heard of the INN Between, we instantly knew this was a story we needed to tell,” says producer Sally Shaum. “I can't imagine what it's like to be ill – to be facing the end of your life, and not have a warm, safe place to stay.”
The INN Between, which officially opened August 2015, bridges the longstanding gap in end-of-life services for homeless individuals along the Wasatch Front, providing them with safety and comfort in their last days so that they don't die alone.
While the primary focus of the INN is providing the homeless who are terminally ill a place where they can die with dignity, it also serves those who are in medical crisis.
Shot in a raw and intimate style, Homeless at the End tells the very personal stories of homeless residents' final months and days in a unique hospice setting. The film provides a poignant account of the homeless who are physically frail and who have often been forsaken. It also highlights the important relationships that develop between residents, medical personnel, staff, and volunteers of the INN Between.
By offering a rare glimpse into the lives of the homeless as they struggle to come to terms with the end of their lives, the film shows the need for greater understanding and compassion for the terminally ill as they face the end of life.
Yesterday night, netizen 馬德里 uploaded a picture of homework of General Studies from a government primary school in Hong Kong Island and other netizens critcised it as brainwashing.
Do you think that CY Leung is a hardworking and ambitious person? Why
馬德里: [Wolf is really coming!] General studies' homework for P.2 (Primary 2) from a Hong Kong Island government primary school. Please Share!
Netizen's reactions
Wong: “Long live Communist Party”. Get full marks.
Samson: If one answers no, then one's teacher will say, “So, they are going to be the Chief Executive…”
Tang: A leading question…Brainwashing education should indeed start from children. If another cultural revolution happens again, your son and daughter will be the first to kill you… Chan: I'm glad that I have no children.
A comprehension task of primary school grade 2 General Studies has already brainwashing the mind of Hong Kong children secretly. Will Hong Kong be the next North Korea? If this were my student's homework, I would tell them to write, “CY Leung may be a hardworking person. However, hardworking doesn't mean that one is a good person. “
Chiu: Wow, national education appears that early???? I really want to know if students have to praise CY Leung. If a student answered no, would they be required to receive re-education? Can any teachers answer my question??? This is really terrifying!!!!!
Netizens also criticise that General Studies for primary school cover up history of China after 1949.
The Establishment of People Republic of China In 1937, Japan invaded China. “Anti-Japanese war” broke out. The war lasted for 8 years. In the end, due to fierce resistance of Chinese, and the US dropped nuclear bombs on Japan, it ended. Later, the civil war between Chinese Communist Party and Chinese Nationalist Party broke out. Communist Party won the war and established People Republic of China on October 1st, 1949. The new China was born, revealing the next page of Chinese history. Today China Ever since People Republic of China implemented “open door policy” in 1978, economy, society, and technology etc have been developed quickly. The world status of China is raising continuously. We as Chinese, should pay attention to current news of the country and future developments, prepare ourselves to contribute to the motherland in future.
Lai: Look at how bad of nowadays textbooks of General Studies for primary school before national education becomes a curriculum! That great sentence, “New China was born, revealing the next page of Chinese history”, goes over what happened after 1949 lightly.
子: My primary school textbook was even more exaggerated. The previous page was anti-Japanese war and new China. The next page was Beijing Olympics, Tibet-Qinghai Railway, entrance to WTO, launching of Shenzhou 7…
Previously, a photo of a workbook for primary school General Studies was uploaded and many netizens condemned it.
Match related sentences. Fill in suitable English alphabets inside (). 1. One hundred years ago, Qing government was useless 2. The handover of Hong Kong is like an adopted child 3. The flag and emblem of Hong Kong 4. Every year Handover memorial day A. has the pattern of bauhinia. B. that foreigners occupied many Chinese territories. C. Hongkonger celebrate it enthusiastically. D. back to the arms of their biological mother.
Lydia: I think many Hongkongers don't like this biological mother (and those stepbrothers).
From 2012.5.1 Apple Daily (Screen Cap),
Brainwash Mentally Challenged Students
A teacher said, “Students don't know what is going on.” Don't understand the meaning of raising flag A teacher from a special education school said bluntly, “even though the school hold flag raising ceremony regularly, students don't what is going on.” They said that national education has been carried out for a long time, and it teaches student about Chinese identity and Chinese culture. However, the course is very low-level and does not have critical analysis. (*The clip is taken from the home page of a special education school for moderate mentally challenged student.)
Netizens' reactions
Qbear: The aim of the government: Brainwash the normal to become mentally challenged
死肥妹: It will be more practical to spend that money on improving the support for the mentally challenged.
By Kristopher Settle
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has never been complacent about sharing their fair share of gadgetry and breakthroughs in technology. From razors to wind tunnels, the microchip and prosthetics – MIT knows their way around innovation.
Announced this week, their newest discovery is a breakthrough material possessing the ability to harvest energy and generate electricity. If that wasn't enough, the new polymer doesn't require an electric charge or any other kind of external energy source to initiate. Rather, all it requires is trace amounts of water vapor.
The material consists of two separate polymers that are integrated into one another; polypyrrole, a sturdy but bendable material that maintains the compound's structure, and polyol-borate, a soft gel that expands and contracts when water vapor is nearby.
The way the material works is as follows: First, when water is introduced, the polyol-borate forces the bottom layer to curl away from the exposed surface. Once the bottom layer is exposed to air again, the moisture is released, the material somersaults forward, and the cycle repeats itself again and again until the water is removed. Mechanical energy is produced by the repetition.
“What's really impressive about this work is that they were able to figure out a scheme where a gradient in humidity would cause the polymer to cyclically roll up, flip over and roll in the other direction, and were able to harness that energy to do work,” says Ryan Hayward, associate professor of polymer science and engineering at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
MIT researchers believe the material can not only harvest energy from water vapor, but it can also generate electricity without any waste product like carbon dioxide. When coupling the polymer film with a device to convert mechanical energy to electricity (known as a piezoelectric material) it can generate an average charge of 5.6 nanowatts. Although this may not seem like much, it can be used on a small scale for many purposes like temperature and humidity sensors, or even monitoring sensors on clothing with evaporating sweat as the ‘water source'.
In addition, one of the more impressive features of this new creation is the amount of physical energy it exudes. Being referred to as ‘artificial muscle,' a 25-milligram film is able to either lift up nearly 400 times its own weight or carry metals ten times its weight across a flat surface.
Mingming Ma, lead author for the paper being featured in Science on the material, sees value in harnessing its continuous motion and durability to drive robotic limbs in the future, “[w]ith a sensor powered by a battery, you have to replace it periodically. If you have this device, you can harvest energy from the environment so you don't have to replace it very often.”
Looking similar to black, dancing cheese singles, you can check out the video for how the material interacts with water here. “We are very excited about this new material, and we expect as we achieve higher efficiency in converting mechanical energy into electricity, this material will find even broader applications,” says Robert Langer, professor and senior author of the paper being featured in this month's Science.
About This Game
Features
Highly detailed original MAN Lion´s City Bus with numerous operable elements in three
model variants
Newly developed vehicle management resulting in a never before seen level of reality
Optional or automated malfunction device to simulate breakdowns and malfunctions
Tuning options for the engine and fine tuning for the propulsion system
Interactive Traffic Director
Realistic simulation of the line 100 (Museum Line)
More than 43 original sightseeing spots throughout the city
Munich copilot
OCC (Operations Control Center)
Interactive radio communication with the dispatch center
Original announcements
Bonus: test ground scenery
A new milestone in simulation: Citybus Simulator Munich, the successor of the popular City Bus Simulator 2010 - New York, covering the complete 100 line also known as the museum line. Starting at the main Rail Station Nord it passes 22 museums and other sightseeing spots to conclude its journey at Munich´s "Ostbahnhof".The true courses of the roads have been designed in an unbelievable graphical detail. For the first time ever the technical aspects of a bus simulator have been modeled and are based on a real training simulator making the driving characteristics absolutely realistic.The new Citybus Simulator Munich surely sets new standards in terms of graphics for simulation and comes with unique elements making it a fun to play game. There´s the newly developed vehicle management system for a never before seen level of reality, the “tuning” options for the engine as well as the interactive Traffic Director. Of course you can just drive the MAN Lion´s City Bus to schedule passing the more than 43 detailed sightseeing spots while listening to the original announcements.All operational elements of the cab are fully functional. The original Munich copilot (electronic assistant) supports the driver at their daily shift and controls (if selected) all passenger info such as the monitor, displays and announcements. The OCC User Interface allows access to the complete game features at all times. Defects and malfunctions on the bus can be simulated in various different ways.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Gary Johnson, the Libertarian Party's quirky nominee for president, opened their speech at a New York City rally Saturday with an unusual statement for a politician: an apology. During a disastrous appearance two days earlier on MSNBC, the former New Mexico governor had replied to a question about Aleppo, Syria—a besieged city that has been devastated by the country's five-year civil war—by asking, “What is Aleppo?” Johnson later claimed that they had simply “blanked,” but the comment went viral, making the candidate appear uninformed.
“I wanna start off with an apology to all of you, this whole Aleppo gaffe,” they said to the crowd at the beginning of their speech. “Really, all of us work so hard. We care so much about these issues, and I want you to know that I really, really care about these issues.”
Many who attended today's rally, however, said Johnson's misstep did not affect their willingness to vote for them in a contest that has been defined by, among other things, Donald's Trump's controversial comments about Muslims, women, and Mexican immigrants.
“If you're gonna judge a whole candidate based on that then you can't really vote for Clinton or Trump…both of them have said way worse things,” said Morgan Spicer, a 26-year-old illustrator who is also considering voting for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate. The fact that Johnson admitted they messed up made a difference for them “He was a gentleman about it,” they said.
Clinton and Trump “are just two sides of the same coin.”
Others at the event, including Kyra Chamberlain, 47—who said they and their husband Chris are volunteer coordinators for Johnson in Maine—expressed similar sentiments.
“The fact that they responded right away with an honest and open answer…we needed to get over that stuff and just get back to the issues,” Chamberlain said.
Many of Johnson's supporters at the New York rally, including several who said they had backed Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primaries, are attracted to Johnson's non-interventionist foreign policy, their support for the legalization of marijuana, and their support for marriage equality and abortion rights. But for some, Johnson's demeanor is also a selling point.
“I like their positivity,” said Eric Antisell, 24, who said that they also voted for Johnson in 2012. “He's not running on fear,” Antisell added.
Of the half dozen supporters interviewed by Mother Jones at the event, the majority said they would not consider voting for Trump or Hillary Clinton.
“The two candidates [from the major parties] are just two sides of the same coin,” Chamberlain said.
That is an argument that Johnson and their running mate, former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld, both made in their speeches Saturday. “The two parties in Washington really seem to live with no other thought than to destroy each other rather than getting the people's business done,” said Weld. Though they now tout the appeal of a third-party option, both Johnson and Weld were Republicans when they served as governors.
While Johnson may have tried to put their Aleppo blunder behind him, not everything at the rally went quite according to plan. When an American flag hoisted on the stage behind them dropped to the floor, Johnson attributed it to something larger.
“Sometimes I think there is a conspiracy,” they said.
The 2014 summer superhero movie extravaganza kicks off with an important piece of the larger Marvel Cinematic Universe that has now become the reason for years-long anticipation for mainstream movie audiences. This one particular movie though, sets the stage for the others to come, both in terms of scale and impact. This is my Movie Review of CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER. *Note: Contains oh-so many SPOILERS!*
Rating: 5 out of 5 Stars
Phase 2 of Marvel's Cinematic Universe started with IRON MAN 3 (My Review here) followed by THOR 2 (I didn't care enough to Review it). While both movies told stand alone stories that dealt with what's happened in their universes in the aftermath of the events in THE AVENGERS, they were intended to be an introduction to Phase 2, which will end with AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON. CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDER not only sets the stage for that end, but blows it up and leaves us in awe, as we rummage through the wreckage in an attempt to piece together what is yet to come. As much as it is a sequel to the first CAPTAIN AMERICA movie, and a bridge to the sequel of THE AVENGERS, this movie is also able to stand alone as it's own story, with unique and clever means of catching up the audience on past events through exposition and creative flashbacks.
The movie starts off with a Captain America more reminiscent of the first film, commanding a team into battle naturally and being at ease doing so. More importantly, Cap is adjusting well to life after 70 years of sleep, and post the Alien invasion of New York in THE AVENGERS. (My Review here) With a literal list of things to catch up on after their hibernation, Cap and Black Widow seem to have become fast friends, with them even taking it upon themselves to course correct Cap`s love life, and set it on the right track.
However, conflict brews from within, as Nick Fury is alerted to some goings-on, especially on the eve of the launch of a weapons system that promises to neutralize any and all hostile threat, through automated targeting systems, taking an enemy out from the atmosphere. The weapon, known as Project Insight, essentially uses an elaborate algorythm to determine patterns and assign which people in the world will be threats in the future for SHIELD and the country itself, and then eliminating them. The estimated casualties are 20 Million people. Is it me, or does this plot point seem eerily similar to the reprogrammed Cerebro in the X-Men franchsie, that was set to target and kill off all Mutants? Coming back… The origin of this threat has direct ties to Cap's past, as featured in the first movie, and this sequel forces Captain America to deal with how the world has become during their absence, and more notably, how their own government has transformed.
This is done by giving us a Captain America, that's very in tune with their usual comic book portrayal, as the do-goody soldier, however , one who has severe issues and disagreement with the way the government has become more about control than freedom. It's a very accurate portrayal, given that this is a character so dedicated to doing the right thing, they actually do oppose their entire country's government, and even people they considered friends and allies in an infamous comic book storyline known as CIVIL WAR. This characterization go Cap is poignantly captured in their scenes with Nick Fury, where debates of morality and integrity are flanked with national security. It's also a great mirror of the discussions that are so prevalent in the political climate that we live in today, and to turn a WWII Soldier like Captain America, as being the voice of reason in this movie, gives it a lot of social credibility. [ *Note: Super Spoilers below. You've been warned. ]
During the course of the movie, it's revealed that HYDRA has been secretly operating within SHIELD itself, forcing Cap to question their dedication and prior sacrifice, and only further vindicating their distaste to how Nick Fury ran things. The most significant of this is Cap's own childhood friend, the long thought to be dead Bucky Barnes' returning as the brainwashed assassin, The Winter Soldier himself, used by HYDRA for the last 70 years as being instrumental in some of the major events and deaths that impacted history, in secret.
THE WINTER SOLDIER is superbly executed, performed and even more brilliantly written. On top of providing top notch espionage style conspiracies, the weaving in of concepts from the comics, and successfully incorporating them into the Cinematic Universe by laying the foundation for more intricate things to come… is genius. The concepts explored go beyond the superficial, as Captain America's own purpose of existing and their sacrifices are all questioned during the course of this movie. The story is also able to build, continue and drop nuggets (Steven Strange reference!) into the future of the Marvel Movie-verse, as well directly setting up plotlines and concepts to be further expanded in AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON.
By the end of the film, SHIELD is destroyed due to the influence of HYDRA, the same WWII organization that was thought to be destroyed by Captain America in THE FIRST AVENGER. All the secrets and intelligence of SHIELD are made available to the public, including all identities of Agents, past history and, I assume, all intelligence regarding… well, everything. Thus effectively making SHIELD inoperable and disbanded. Nick Fury leaves. Black Widow goes underground, while Captain America & their new friend, Falcon, plan to search for Bucky. It's an ending that leaves one with more questions than answers, while effectively concluding a chapter in the story of Captain America, and the over all Marvel Cinematic Universe. The ending felt more like that of an extended and larger than life episode of a TV Series, than a feature length film. Speaking of TV, the fledgling TV Series AGENTS OF SHIELD, ties directly into the events pre and post THE WINTER SOLDIER events, and is a must-watch to fill in the blanks and act as supplemental to the larger Marvel Universe. So many things in this movie were snippets of concepts already expanded and elaborated on in AGENTS OF SHIELD.
THE WINTER SOLDIER is also able to incorporate many innovative and finely executed hand-to-hand action sequences to keep things fast paced and intense. Even Captain America is shown to have some new moves that are consistent with their emotional character growth. The Shield is used almost during every single action scene, and the movie is able to fluidly incorporate the object as an extension of Cap's own physicality. It's seamless and effortless and done very subtly, as to not look like CGI. The movie also expands a lot on the style of the character himself, as being not just strong and powerful, but agile, graceful and incredibly creative in their responses to violence.
What now?
This movie also sees a complete overhaul on the status quo of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The organization of SHIELD was used from 2008's IRON MAN, the first movie to set off this shared continuity, and then in every subsequent movie to act as a bridge between all the solo-hero movies leading up to THE AVENGERS. With that unifying concept becoming null and void going forward from THE WINTER SOLDIER, where does that leave all the characters that were so crucial in forming and being a part of The Avengers. What happens to Cobie Smoulders' Maria Hill? Where was Jeremy Renners' Hawkeye during the events of this movie, given that he's a SHIELD Agent as well? How do these characters, including Nick Fury & Black Widow return for AVENGERS 2, assuming they even will? Will we have to wait for CAPTAIN AMERICA 3, to find out what happens to Bucky, or will they have a ‘hand' in AVENGERS 2?
Agents Of SHIELD
There is no better time to watch and catch up on ALL the episodes of AGENTS OF SHIELD than after the events of THE WINTER SOLDIER. Esepcially given the revelation that Nick Fury will definitely make an appearance in the show's Season Finale. The experiment of having an in-season TV Series existing in the same Universe as the rest of the Marvel stories, running concurrently to the release of the feature length movies has been a mixed bag of awesome and horrible. The TV Show AGENTS OF SHIELD fluctuated between really good and borderlines boring at times. However, THE WINTER SOLDIER is a great example of how to make use of the limited continuity that the movies share with the TV Show. Similar to cross-over comics, which aren't necessary comics to read for a certain comics event, you don't have to watch the TV Show to get an appreciation of the movies, however, the experience is that much more enhanced if you do. The events of CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER occur directly one episode of AGENTS OF SHIELD, as we see an Agent Sitwell leaving the show for assignment on the very same ship that the pirates take over in the movie's opening action sequence. The aftermath of the movie also directly tied into an episode directly the week after, and has impacted the direction of the show because… well without SHIELD, where does it leave it's Agents. However, only top of developing the cinematic Universe, AGENTS OF SHIELD have lots of story lines and plot points built into the shows' story itself, that serve to make a very well rounded show, all of a sudden.
Mid & Post Credits Sequences
Despite the satisfying and somewhat open ended conclusion of CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER, the post-credits scenes brings about an unexpected connection. We are well aware of the inclusion of the twin characters of Quicksilver & Scarlet Witch in AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON, (if you're anything resembling a well adjusted person at least) especially with the recent set photos from shooting in Seoul, Korea. What's surprising is that we see both characters, as apparent, experiments or captors in a HYDRA Facility. Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Elizabeth Olsen are on full display as the iconic characters, displaying their full on powers. All that we can get from the quick glimpse is that, while Quicksilver seems to be in distress, bouncing off the walls like a super-speed pinball, while Scarlet Witch seems content, maybe even tranquilized as they play with some floating boxes. Where does that leave them for AVENGERS 2, or will their breaking out of their Facility feature at the onset of THE AVENGERS sequel? Given what's happened to SHIELD and its agents, AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON seems to be a lot of explaining to do in the opening sequences of the movie.
Catch Up on Cap & Crew:
BETHESDA, Md./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama urged Congress on Tuesday to approve $6.18 billion to help fight the Ebola outbreak, reminding them that even though the story has faded from the headlines, the battle against the virus is far from over.
U.S. President Barack Obama (R) tours the Vaccine Research Center with Dr. Nancy Sullivan (L), U.S. Secretary of HHS Sylvia Burwell (2nd L), and Dr. Anthony Fauci (2nd R) to talk about Ebola, during a visit to the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland December 2, 2014. REUTERS/Larry Downing
“Every hotspot is an ember that if not contained can become a new fire, so we cannot let down our guard even for a minute,” Obama said. “And we can't just fight this epidemic. We have to extinguish it.”
Obama toured a lab at the National Institutes of Health, where a team of researchers last week published promising results from the first phase of a research trial for an Ebola vaccine.
Most of Obama's request is aimed at the immediate response to the disease. But the package also includes $1.5 billion in contingency funds - money that could become a target if lawmakers look for cuts, said Sam Worthington, president of InterAction, an alliance of U.S. non-governmental aid groups.
While lawmakers recognize that the United States had to take action to arrest Ebola, some are wary of giving the administration too much leeway.
“I think there is less understanding of the need to stay in it for the long run and to build the capacity of countries to ensure this doesn't happen in the future,” Worthington said in an interview.
Obama noted that NIH scientists first began work on research that led to the potential Ebola vaccine in 1999, long before the worst outbreak of the disease on record, which has afflicted more than 17,000 people since March, killing more than 6,000.
They said the United States needs to continue to fund basic research and help nations such as Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone build better public health systems so that the world can quickly contain future disease outbreaks.
“It is a smart investment for us to make. It's not just insurance. It knows that down the road we're going to continue to have problems like this, particularly in a globalized world where you move from one side of the world to the other in a day,” Obama said.
The Obama administration came under fire in September after a series of missteps with a man who traveled to Dallas from Liberia and later died of Ebola. Two nurses contracted the disease while caring for the man.
Screening and treatment procedures have since been tightened. There are now 35 U.S. hospitals equipped to deal with Ebola patients, up from three before the outbreak.
The single mum lasted just 72 hours before they began talking to themselves
Sarah Doherty, 36, was locked in cabin with no contact with the outside world
A woman who was challenged to spend five days in solitary confinement began hallucinating after enduring 72 hours alone.
Sarah Doherty, 36, a single mum, was locked in a cabin that allowed no contact with the outside world, after choosing to take part in the experiment so they could have some 'alone time'.
Less than three days into the challenge Sarah started displaying the physical symptoms of anxiety and vomited in the sink. They later began seeing things, and eventually started talking to herself, using their hands for company.
Sarah was appearing on Channel 5's In Solitary TV show, which explored how people cope without their phone, internet, or any social interaction whatsoever.
They were one of only three participants who managed to endure the full five days in solitary, and viewers watched as they ran out of their cabin to rejoin the outside world when the experiment ended.
Scroll down for videos
Sarah Doherty, 36, was locked in a cabin with no contact with the outside world and said they were doing it to focus on themselves
Before going in Sarah said they were using the experiment to 'focus on herself' more, after devoting their life to raising their son Lucas, eight, on their own.
They said: 'It's giving me the opportunity to focus on myself a little bit more and to reconnect. More specifically to find out if I am as strong a person as I believe I am. I would like to experience solitary confinement for that reason.'
Despite their positive approach, Sarah admitted they felt anxious as soon as stepped into the cabin and had to work out how to handle the experience.
They explained: 'If I think back to when I first stepped into the pod, all I can remember is being anxious and having to pretend not to be anxious. I felt caged so I was very quickly having to think 'How can I cope with this? What are my strategies?''
The physical symptoms of anxiety hit Sarah hard and they threw up in the sink after panicking about their situation
Sarah began pacing around the cabin after admitting they felt anxiety as soon as they went in
Sarah began to feel like they were in a 'horror movie' with somebody trying to break into the cabin, and they worried they had nothing to defend themselves with except for a camping bowl.
They began pacing the room and then started to feel anxious, which saw them run to the sink to vomit.
After being sick they said felt much better, but woke feeling unwell again the next morning.
Sarah was brushing their teeth at the sink before they began seeing strange things in the basin that they pointed out to the camera.
They said: 'What I can see here is like a dog's face; to me here is the tail, there is a discoloration in the sink that looks like an eyeball to me and then an ear. The shape is up at the top.'
The single mum felt very on edge as they jolted every time they thought they heard something in the completely silent cabin
Sarah then climbed into bed and began speaking about their emotions, saying they felt 'nothingness' inside the cabin.
'I'm just gonna give in now to the quiet nothingness. I'm just gonna go there. I'm slipping away,' they said.
The show's psychologist Pauline Rennie-Peyton and its team of mental health experts grew concerned about Sarah's behaviour.
Pauline said: 'I don't think she's hallucinating, I think she's lonely.'
As Sarah sat on the bed they looked startled by every sound they thought they could hear in the silent cabin, and admitted that they felt defenseless.
LLoyd, Charmayne and Lucy all attempted the challenge, with Charmayne lasting just four and a half hours and the others making it until the end
They began talking to themselves and acting out conversations on their hands with people who weren't in the room.
Despite struggling to cope Sarah managed to last the full-length of the experiment, being one of only three of the five participants to do so.
Another contestant Charmayne lasted less than five hours inside the cabin after they became emotional missing their husband and their son.
Presenter George Lamb was also part of the experiment and lasted just 23 hours as their boredom turned to anger and they demanded to leave.
The other two who lasted the length of the competition were Lucy and Lloyd, who welcomed detoxes from social media and their phones.
Known as the final Imagineer hired by Walt Disney, George McGinnis worked on some of my favorite attractions. They designed the newer Monorails, both Space Mountains, and vehicles for Disney's Animal Kingdom. Those contributions pale in comparison to McGinnis' work as Project Show Designer on my favorite attraction, the one and only Horizons. Their ingenious work on that classic helped make it beloved. When I heard McGinnis had written a book, it jumped to the top of my list. There was no doubt that I was the prime audience for it.
I have a personal interest in From Horizons to Space Mountain: The Life of a Disney Imagineer, which was released by Theme Park Press in May. For many years, I've been a member of the Horizons Tribute newsgroup on Yahoo. During its more active days, this group included regular contributions from McGinnis. I learned about their work there and appreciated their surprising humility. McGinnis also wrote a series of detailed articles for Mouse Planet about Horizons and their other work. Their skills helped make Disney into a giant, but McGinnis isn't a household name. Hopefully this book will help to change that omission, particularly for newer fans.
This book does a nice job mixing in McGinnis' personal story with attractions info. The opening chapter includes 36 pages about their background, family, and joining Disney. He's worked on a wide range of projects, including a proposal for trolleys in Los Angeles and Glendale. This chapter includes many short sections that leave you wanting more. The material is easy to read, but it's more of a broad portrait than a close investigation. It's mostly a chronological path, but there are some detours. McGinnis includes questions from several young people within this section that seem a little awkward but fit with the book's tone.
The Q&A approach continues in the next chapter, which includes McGinnis' interview with Didier Ghez in 2009. This 30-page conversation is packed with interesting details but does seem a bit odd within an autobiography. This book's format is more like a collage of articles than a straightforward narrative. The result is a convincing picture of McGinnis' life, but not in the way you might expect. Disney historians may find information they've seen before in other locations. It's almost like the greatest hits collection with some new material, but it still works. It's probably fresh for most readers and still has a lot to offer.
The book's largest section is called “An Imagineer at Work” and gives excellent info about McGinnis' work on three projects — The Monorail, Horizons, and Space Mountain. I really enjoy these chapters because they go beyond the surface. Hearing about Horizons from an Imagineer directly involved was a treat. The only catch is that all come from articles that McGinnis published on Mouse Planet in 2004 and 2005. I don't mind their inclusion; why re-invent the wheel? However, I would have enjoyed learning about McGinnis' other attractions in a similar way.  They are very good at keeping the information understandable but not dumbing it down.
From Horizons to Space Mountain is a relaxing, interesting look at a brilliant Imagineer. There's certainly more to cover from McGinnis' life, so it doesn't match the genre's top books. This book still includes plenty to make it worth your time. EPCOT Center fans should definitely enjoy learning more about Horizons' design and the budget challenges. What McGinnis, Tom Fitzgerald, and others accomplished with Horizons is amazing. I'd easily read a whole book about that pavilion on its own. For the less obsessive fans, this book is a cool resource. It could flow better at times but still gives an engaging story. I hope this isn't the last that we hear from McGinnis about their work on some of Disney's best creations.
More Information
Learn more about From Horizons to Space Mountain at the Theme Park Press site.
Follow The Tomorrow Society on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter!
Stay updated on all the latest blogs and podcasts; join The Tomorrow Society today!
This post contains affiliate links. Making any purchase through those links supports this site. See full disclosure.
