After back to back dismal efforts against mediocore teams that saw the Caps fortuitously pull out three of a possible four points last weekend, Washington was back in action on Monday night against the number one team in the NHL: Bruce Boudreau's Anaheim Ducks, who came in with an eight game winning streak.
The Capitals played much harder in this one and actually had a 2-0 early lead, but defensive mistakes at critical times ultimately did them in once again, and they were defeated, 3-2, to drop their record to 19-14-4 heading into the Christmas break.
This was a very close game, as evidenced by the shot attempt totals, which were 57-54 in favor of the Ducks. Washington was much better than last weekend in the puck possession department but Anaheim did a superior job of getting their attempts on net, winning that battle 29-19. The Caps did a lot of good things in this game and both Marcus Johansson and Alex Ovechkin hit iron in the third frame in what is a tough loss to a very good hockey team.
After Saturday's overtime loss to the Devils I blogged that things needed to change and it was on Coach Adam Oates and GM George McPhee to figure out whether it was the players or the system that were causing the issues. Following tonight's game, it appears to me that effort and also focus, on the part of the players, and not the system, is the major problem. Washington was motivated on Monday and brought a passion to get and own the puck. But the Ducks are a veteran and skilled team, and going against number one isn't all about effort and passion, it's about playing the right way and paying attention to detail.
That is where this Capitals team is falling down, attention to detail, especially in their own end. The Caps gave up the tying tally with just 27 seconds remaining in period two. Then they gave up the game winner with 5:36 left in regulation. Both goals were the result of poor reads that led to bad defensive zone coverage. Oates confirmed that after the game. On the game winner, the forwards all got caught too low on the back check allowing defenseman Hampus Lindholm to fire a shot through a maze of bodies past Philipp Grubauer. There was a lack of communication on the part of the Washington forwards on the ice and it resulted in a lot of space and time for the Ducks defenseman to shoot and score.
Anaheim's second tally, however, is the one that is the most upsetting and disappointing. The five guys on the ice were out for a long shift and each one can shoulder their share of the blame. We won't point out the names, but let's just say there were a lot of contract dollars on the ice for the home club. The initial rush by Ben Lovejoy wasn't played properly by the Capitals defensemen, who simply stopped moving their feet. But even still, Lovejoy was just looking to center the puck and if the other defenseman and the three forwards don't puck watch and instead cover Anaheim players, there is no quality chance or goal. That did not happen as the Caps d-man went to the wrong post and the forwards allowed Saku Koivu and Andrew Cogliano to have a clear and uncovered path to the front of the cage. The result was an easy goal for Koivu that Grubauer had no chance on.
Simply put, it was a lack of effort at the end of a long shift and poor communication, as well. In their post game presser Oates said that communication should be going on at all times on the ice and they also said that at this point in the season, the reads and positioning should be automatic. It was not on the tying tally, as well as the game winner.
Those type of mistakes not only cost a squad points in the standings, but in the bigger picture, those are the type of errors that prevent a hockey team from being one of the better clubs in the league. Washington is in the middle of the pack in the Eastern Conference for this exact reason, they have too many breakdowns in their own end that are costing them hockey games.
Reading Oates' answers, expression and demeanor afterwards, I got the feeling that he's been pointing out these things over and over to their players. These aren't hard hockey concepts but they require a mental toughness to continue to execute when you are tired or not in a position to score a goal. Everyone loves offense, but playing proper defense is the key to winning hockey games and a Stanley Cup. The Cup winner each season knows how to do the things that allow a club to transition from offense to defense. They play their positions well, they communicate on defense, and they focus even when they are tired at the end of a shift.
It's the things you need to do to win hockey games and ultimately a championship.
Until this Caps team is ready to commit to that, they'll do exactly what I said after Saturday's loss to New Jersey: they will qualify for the playoffs and then find themselves out in either round one or two.
The talent is mostly there for the Caps to go where the players say they want to go, but saying it and then doing it requires a whole different level of focus and commitment.
Right now, I question that level of commitment from several of the players on this team.
Notes: Washington won the faceoff battle, 43-25…the Caps were 1 for 5 on the power play while the Ducks went 0 for 4 with the man advantage…Brooks Laich returned to the lineup and played 13:23…Mikhail Grabovski and Nicklas Backstrom had the two goals for Washington…next up, on Friday night at the Verizon Center, for the Caps is an improving Rangers team that has won two games in a row.
Labour's Andy Burnham has threatened to oppose the government's draft investigatory powers bill on spying by the police and security services unless ministers release all available papers on what they called “a politically motivated show trial” from the 1970s.
The Shrewsbury 24 – including the Royle Family actor Ricky Tomlinson – were a group of activists campaigning for better pay and conditions during a 1972 builders' strike; they were convicted of public order offences and sent to prison. The group have always protested their innocence and believe the trial was politically motivated.
The dirty tricks of the Shrewsbury trials expose the dark heart of the radical 1970s | Paul Mason Read more
The Criminal Cases Review Commission has been considering since 2012 whether there are grounds for referring the convictions to the court of appeal as potentially unsafe.
On Wednesday, documents were released to parliament that suggested police destroyed original witness statements and framed new testimony to convict the activists.But the shadow home secretary says some documents are being held back. “What possible justification can there be, 43 years on, for information about it to be withheld on national security grounds?” Burnham said. “The failure to disclose has less to do with national security and much more to do with the potential for political embarrassment.
“If the government wants our support, it needs to do something in return to build trust. It should hold up a mirror to the past and be honest about times when powers have been misused.”
The documents, discovered over years spent in public archives by Eileen Turnbull, the campaign's researcher, reveal that Robert Carr, the home secretary in Edward Heath's Conservative government, took a personal interest in the prosecution of the men.
A new unit operating in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office was at the same time gathering evidence on allegedly subversive communist involvement in the trade unions, which it then passed to a television documentary, Red Under the Bed, which aired twice at crucial points during the trial.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Andy Burnham said Labour could oppose new spying powers unless ministers agree to publish all the Shrewsbury 24 documents. Photograph: Gareth Fuller/PA
In one secret memo, a senior official in the FCO's information research department said the unit “had a discreet but considerable hand” in the documentary, which was presented by the former politician Woodrow Wyatt. The memo, seen by Turnbull, said Wyatt “was given a large dossier of our own background material”, including a paper on “violent picketing”.
The official said of the programme: “In our estimation [Wyatt's documentary] was a hard-hitting, interesting and effective exposure of communist and Trotskyist techniques of industrial subversion.” Alleging violent picketing and communist infiltration of trade unions, the documentary, which included footage of the Shrewsbury defendants, was broadcast by ITV on 13 November 1973 as the prosecution closed its case, then repeated in December when the judge, Chetwynd Talbot, was summing up, according to Turnbull.
Heath then received a note from their principal private secretary inviting them to “glance through the transcript” of the programme; Heath scribbled on the memo: “We want as much of this as possible.” That encouragement from the prime minister apparently led to the formation of a new unit within the security services to gather further evidence on trade union activities.
The Shrewsbury activists, who were campaigning for better wages and conditions in the building industry, went to seven different sites on 6 September 1972. They say they alerted police – whose number grew to 80 – after an agent at the first site threatened them with a shotgun.
Revealed: Ted Heath behind TV documentary used to sway jury in trial of Shrewsbury trade unionists Read more
Tomlinson, who later found acting success in Brookside, Cracker and The Royle Family, says there was no trouble, and recalls that the police made no arrests or cautions on the day. However five months later, in February 1973, they were arrested and charged with offences including intimidation, conspiracy to intimidate and unlawful assembly; 24 men were convicted after three separate trials.
The documents unearthed by Turnbull include a page from the director of public prosecution's file on the Shrewsbury defendants in December 1972, which said: “The home secretary is interested in this case.” On 20 September 1973, in the late stages of preparing the case, a note of a conference with Maurice Drake QC, the lead prosecution barrister, apparently made by a police officer, states: “It was mentioned that not all original handwritten statements were still in existence, some having been destroyed after a fresh statement had been obtained.
“In most cases the first statement was taken before photographs were available for witnesses and before the officers taking the statements knew what we were trying to prove.”
The Shrewsbury 24 campaign's solicitor, Rhona Friedman, of Bindmans, who made the application to the CCRC, said the note “has the potential to be the most shocking and revelatory document detailing possible prosecutorial abuse of process that I have seen”. They added: “It suggests that the police may have gathered evidence in this case to fit a predetermined narrative and destroyed evidence which didn't fit.”
In a Westminster Hall parliamentary debate on Wednesday, Burnham described the Shrewsbury 24 as: “The convenient scapegoats of a government campaign to undermine the trade unions; the victims of a politically motivated show trial orchestrated from Downing Street, the Home and Foreign Offices and the security services.”
Burnham called for the publication of all the documents connected to the case, some of which are still being withheld on security grounds. They argued that they disclose “misuse of powers in the way we were governed and policed in the second half of the last century”, and that the current government should be honest and transparent about these abuses, particularly if it wants Labour's cooperation in giving greater investigatory powers to the police and expanded security measures.
Replying on behalf of the government, the policing minister, Mike Penning, said the Home Office was looking at the documents it holds and assessing whether they could be published.
“There has been a decision, not my decision ... by the cabinet secretary [Sir Jeremy Heywood] and the chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster [Oliver Letwin] to say that what they have seen – and I think the cabinet secretary is fairly independent on these things – that there is no relevance in the documents that they have withheld to the case of the Shrewsbury 24.
“And the Cabinet Office stands by their decision, and the government stands by their decision, not to release those documents on the grounds of national security.”
Several of the 24 men convicted never found work again after being released from prison, and five have now died. Tomlinson said the convictions have done long-term damage to the men and their reputations. “We have paid a very heavy price, and after all these years we want our names cleared and for the truth to be established about what was done to us, and who was responsible.”
Letwinsaid in October that the documents covered by security considerations would not be published. “They do not relate in any way to the question of the safety of the convictions of the Shrewsbury 24, and, crucially, all of those papers have been released to and been reviewed by the Criminal Cases Review Commission.”
Tesh
Miley Cyrus bounds into their spacious backyard in California's palm-tree-studded San Fernando Valley wearing a figure-flaunting half-shirt, Daisy Duke cutoffs, and studded platform sneakers, a look so redneck-skimpy that by nightfall, the bloggers will have crucified them for it. Not that they care. Cyrus has never been in better shape, both physically and emotionally, a 19-year-old firecracker with washboard abs, a smoky laugh, and a filthy mouth who these days bear about as much resemblance to their former Disney-star self as a Mojito resembles a lemonade. Nipping at Cyrus' heels is a tumbling pack of four rescue dogs, while a fifth, a bulldog named Ziggy, rests inside. Earlier, Ziggy ate two Jacquie Aiche bracelets right off their wrist. "She's a stubborn little bitch, that one," Cyrus says, their voice tangy and redolent of their native Nashville. "She doesn't listen to me. She's in love with Liam. They love me when he's gone, but they totally ate my diamonds on purpose. They were pooping them out all morning!"
The Liam they refer to is Cyrus' newly minted fiancé, Australian import Liam Hemsworth, the strapping 22-year-old star of The Hunger Games and their boyfriend for the past three years. The pair live together in the 8,000-square-foot Mediterranean-style villa Cyrus' family once lived in. They moved back in last year when their parents relocated two doors down. Cyrus' mother, Tish, did most of the decorating, which tends toward oversize Eastern-influenced pieces; sturdy tables made of reclaimed wood; a giant, modern sofa that Cyrus and Hemsworth "sleep on all the time"; and spiritual touches like a stone Buddha and painted-wooden crosses that Cyrus has collected in their travels. Here, sur-rounded by towering trees and safely ensconced inside their palatial residence, Cyrus enjoys utter privacy. "It's kind of like a black hole. And no one is going to fuck with me when P. Diddy lives right across the street," they laugh.
Cyrus remains incredibly close with their parents — their father is country crooner Billy Ray Cyrus — and cuts across Bob Hope's widow's lawn to access their gate. "She gave me permission," they say, sweetly. "If Liam is traveling and I'm feeling creeped out, I can go to my parents'. Or I'll walk over there in the morning for coffee. It's really weird [sleeping] in my parents' room. Now it's my room, and Liam is at my dad's sink and I'm at my mom's. It's really strange, but also really cool. The first time I ever met or hung out with Liam was here. When they first moved to America, they didn't have any family here, so our family became his. This is where all our memories are being made."
Though they won't divulge exactly how their fiancé popped the question, they admit it happened at home and was a "complete surprise." No one, including their parents, knew it was coming. "I had no input," Cyrus says of their engagement ring, a 3.5-carat Neil Lane diamond set in a yellow-gold band with delicate filigree detailing. "We'd been kind of talking about [getting engaged], and I saw something like it online at one point and thought it was really pretty, but I usually wear rose gold. I just love that it's old and has a story. And I'm happy because it doesn't look like anything else I wear."
Read Miley's full interview when the September issue of Marie Claire hits newsstands on September 17.
Elon Musk, seen here at Trump Tower in January, has nebulous plans to merge human brains with AI.
Billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, by way of blogger and cartoonist Tim Urban, has revealed in a 36,400-word illustrated explainer the thinking behind their new company Neuralink and its mission to use brain implants to directly link human minds to computers.
The post argues that we should augment the slow, imprecise communication of our voices with a direct brain-to-computer linkup. This would permit both telepathy between people and advantageous relations with artificial intelligence, says Musk.
Musk even gives a timeline. They say that within eight to 10 years healthy people could be getting brain implants as new computer interfaces.
And I say it's not going to happen.
The problem with the post is that, despite its length, Musk does not reveal how he's going to do it. Between today's relatively crude ways of recording the brain and what Urban calls a mental “wizard's hat” is just a dotted line.
Musk is not alone in their ambitions. Last week Facebook, in its own surreal attempt to grab attention, put ex-DARPA boss Regina Dugan on stage with the claim that inside of two years the social network will have a skullcap able to transmit sentences out of your brain at a rate of 100 words per minute. In Facebook's case the cap would be meant to help you “share” your thoughts. In Musk's vision, it is actually a bunch of electrodes inside your brain to enable humans to merge with artificial intelligence. Think about how Google fills in suggestions on what you are searching for. Musk is proposing that the same kind of thing should occur in real time, inside your head.
It's not possible to assert that no future technology can make these things happen. But from what I know about brain implants, these achievements will be very difficult to attain, and the timelines are not only wrong—they're pure malarkey.
Let's deal with Musk's timeline first. A brain implant is a medical device that requires neurosurgery. Proving that it works requires a stepwise series of experiments that each takes years, starting in rats or monkeys.
Here's a timeline from the real world: a company called NeuroPace was started in 1997 to develop an implant that controls epileptic seizures. It actually senses a seizure coming and zaps your brain to stop it. The device got approved in 2013—16 years later. And that was for a very serious medical condition in which brain surgery is common.
Putting an implant in healthy people? That would require extraordinary evidence of safety. And that's hard to picture, because as soon as you open someone's head you put that person's life at risk. We at MIT Technology Review know of only one case of a healthy person getting a brain implant: a crazy stunt undertaken in Central America by a scientist trying to do research on himself. It caused life-threatening complications.
So Musk's timeline for mind-enhancing implants is patently unrealistic. Facebook's probably is too, but for other reasons. The gadget it discussed would be outside the skull, where it's much harder to pick up accurate brain readings. Apparently, the idea is to beam photons through the skull and watch what bounces back, as it is possible to observe neural activity by measuring how cells reflect light.
In their talk, Dugan cited the work of Krishna Shenoy, a Stanford professor and part of a team that this year set a brain-typing record of 8 words a minute. But they did so only after a decade of effort and by implanting electrodes inside the brain of paralyzed volunteers.
“Most in the field would [ask] if non-invasive performance can even begin to approach the level of performance of implanted sensors — most would say no, and by a lot,” Shenoy writes in an email. So what is Facebook even talking about? How are they possibly going to do 10 times better using a hat with lights in it? “ I do not know,” says Shenoy.
Again, letting people accurately think-to-text as fast as they talk might be possible—but only with some big advances that are unlikely to reach perfection in two years.
In some circumstances brain-reading really does work. In 1969, when scientist Eberhard Fetz connected one neuron in a monkey's brain to a dial, the monkey learned to fire that neuron to move the dial and get a food pellet. Since then, scientists have used implants driven into the motor cortex to allow paralyzed people to move a robotic arm with substantial dexterity and, as in Shenoy's studies, to operate a computer cursor.
These devices tap into the way neurons in your motor cortex fire when you think about moving your arm or leg. It just so happens that these neurons all fire off at once when you move, but their relative speed contains vector information about your limbs. Use electrodes to record activity from a few dozen neurons and you can start to perceive the movement as a subject thinks.
So don't “diss all neurotech” and brain-reading, says Andrew Schwartz, a University of Pittsburgh scientist who helped discover the motor patterns and has hooked people up to robotic arms. However, they add that they don't know what Musk and other Silicon Valley figures pursuing the technology are up to. “The idea that they know what they are after is wishful thinking on our part,” says Schwartz.
Over the last couple of weeks I asked several neuroscientists and entrepreneurs about Musk. Most declined to comment because there aren't any technical details available. I got some very polite answers. Here's Gregoire Courtine, a neuroscientist at EPFL in Geneva whose work with brain interface we included on our list of 10 Breakthrough Technologies this year (see “Reversing Paralysis”): “I feel I don't know enough about their project to have an educated opinion about it, but I am very excited that a brilliant mind who pushes frontiers in research and industry is investing resource in brain neural engineering.”
Several people said they think the great man's money and gumption may actually be what's needed to get neurotechnology out of the lab. Musk creates their advantage by tackling problems too complex for more risk-averse entrepreneurs to take on, like manufacturing electric cars (Tesla) or launching rockets (SpaceX). In both cases they also say he's pursuing a higher mission, like saving the planet from global warming or getting humanity to a back-up planet.
Brain-implant technology has been developing pretty slowly and is still mostly stuck in academia precisely because it's so complex. You need a way to record from the brain, a compact wireless chipset to transmit the signals, algorithms to know what they mean, and the medical knowledge to actually carry it off. “It's not solely reliant on just technology but also science,” says Shaun Patel, a fellow in neurosurgery at Massachusetts General Hospital who researches brain-computer interfaces. “It's the execution of many facets. There is no single problem. There are many problems.”
Patel told me he's enthusiastic about the possibility of human enhancement. And Musk acknowledges the most obvious point: before achieving telepathy, Neuralink will have to find a disease to treat. “Show a solution for a medical need. That is going to be a critical first step for anyone,” says Patel. “But it also lets you develop the core technologies, including batteries, and the many things you need before you could imagine the futuristic idea of downloading a new skill to your brain, like being a black belt in karate. It's a foothold.”
There are some indications that Musk is picking a good time to invest. The brain implant most often used—a thumbtack-size silicon device called the Utah array—is 20 years old. But recently, there's been a surge of new inventions and brain-measuring techniques, like optogenetics and schemes for recording many neurons at once in the brain. One of the co-founders of Neuralink, D.J. Seo, previously worked at the University of California, Berkeley, on a concept called “neural dust” for injecting the brain with thousands of tiny silicon motes able to record and transmit information using acoustic vibrations.
Another thing in favor of Musk's proposal is that symbiosis between brains and computers isn't fiction. Remember that person who types with brain signals? Or the paralyzed people who move robot arms? These systems work better when the computer completes people's thoughts. The subject only needs to type “bulls …” and the computer does the rest. Similarly, a robotic arm has its own smarts. It knows how to move; you just have to tell it to. So even partial signals coming out of the brain can be transformed into more complete ones. Musk's idea is that our brains could integrate with an AI in ways that we wouldn't even notice: imagine a sort of thought-completion tool.
So it's not crazy to believe there could be some very interesting brain-computer interfaces in the future. But that future is not as close at hand as Musk would have you believe. One reason is that opening a person's skull is not a trivial procedure. Another is that technology for safely recording from more than a hundred neurons at once—neural dust, neural lace, optical arrays that thread through your blood vessels—remains mostly at the blueprint stage.
So what facts am I missing? What makes it even remotely okay that Musk and Facebook are promising the public telepathy within a few short years?
At locker room cleanout day on April 10, Buffalo Sabres forward Ryan O'Reilly told the media that they had been reached out to for a position with Team Canada at the upcoming IIHF World Championship starting May 5 in Cologne, Germany and Paris, France.
On Wednesday, Hockey Canada released its preliminary roster of 18 players for the 2017 Worlds, which confirmed that O'Reilly was on the roster.
This will be the third consecutive year in which O'Reilly competes at the World Championship with Canada. In the past two tournaments, Canada came away with gold medals in the 2015 tournament in the Czech Republic and the 2016 tournament in Russia. O'Reilly has four goals and 19 points combined over the past two tournaments, and served as an alternate captain with Canada last year.
It will also be the fifth time O'Reilly has competed with Canada in this tournament. However, they put up just three goals and seven points in 15 combined games and no medals in the first two tournaments.
O'Reilly also competed in the 2016 World Cup of Hockey with Team Canada, registering a minus-1 rating in six games played.
Here is the rest of Canada's preliminary roster:
Quote Of The Day: Predicting 9/11 Nine Months Early
Doug Mataconis · · 4 comments
On Twitter this morning, Tom McCammon sent out a link to an aviation forum that asks an eerily prophetic question:
When the two towers that make up the World Trade Center were built, they were designed to withstand the impact of the largest airliner of the day, the Boeing 707 Intercontinental. The Empire State Building survived a B-25 medium bomber crashing into it on very foggy day. It was during the weekend when most people weren't there, but still, 14 people died. Anyone wanna bet that the World Trade Center could survive an 767-300 impact?
The time stamp on that post:
Posted Thu Nov 30 2000 07:39:15 your local time (10 years 1 month 3 hours ago)
Assuming it's accurate, that's just over nine months before the September 11th attacks.
Justin Nojan Sullivan, 20, pleaded guilty in federal court in North Carolina on Tuesday after they plotted to carry out a terrorism attack at a concert or club where they believed as many as 1,000 people would die
A North Carolina man who plotted U.S. terror attacks with a member of the Islamic State group has pleaded guilty to terrorism.
Justin Nojan Sullivan, 20, pleaded guilty in federal court in Asheville on Tuesday to one count of attempting to commit an act of terrorism transcending national boundaries.
They planned an attack at a concert, bar or club where they believed as many as 1,000 people would die, according to federal officials.
'Justin Sullivan planned to kill hundreds of innocent people,' said John A. Strong, a special agent in charge of the FBI's office in Charlotte.
'He pledged their support to ISIL and took calculated steps to commit a murderous rampage to prove their allegiance to the terrorist organization.'
Sullivan said in court that they planned shootings in North Carolina and Virginia that would cause mass casualties, according to U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose.
They also claimed they had 'frequent and direct communications' with Junaid Hussain - an Islamic State member who asked them to make a video of the attack.
Hussain, who was responsible for online recruitment and providing inspiration for attacks in Western countries, began conspiring with Sullivan by June 2015.
The 20-year-old pleaded guilty on Tuesday to one count of attempting to commit an act of terrorism transcending national boundaries
Authorities say Sullivan had been in contact with ISIS recruiter Junaid Hussain who had asked them to film the attack. Hussain was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Syria in August 2015
Hussain was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Syria in August 2015.
But then Sullivan discussed those plans on social media with an undercover FBI employee, whom Sullivan tried to recruit to participate in the attacks, according to authorities.
They asked the undercover FBI employee to build silencers and told them that they planned to carry out their attack in the next few days.
Federal authorities have said they began investigating Sullivan after their father called 911 in April 2015 saying their son was destroying religious items in their home.
They were arrested at the family's home without incident on June 19, and later told investigators that they planned to carry out an attack in the coming days when their parents were expected to be out of town.
Sullivan was arrested at their family home in June last year after their father called 911 because they were destroying religious items in their house
They also had offered to pay the undercover employee for killing their parents, who they believed would interfere with their terrorism plans.
A sentencing hearing hasn't been scheduled, although both sides agree a life sentence is appropriate.
Sullivan also faces state charges in the death of their neighbor, John Bailey Clark, who was killed in December 2014.
At the hearing Tuesday, they didn't say they had killed Clark; however, prosecutors reserved the right to prove the charge at the sentencing hearing.
BEREA, Ohio -- The Cleveland Browns' defense took another body shot on Thursday.
Linebacker Paul Kruger was added to the injury report with a back problem. They did not practice, nor was they on the field during the portion of practice open to the media or in the locker room after practice. The team hoped Kruger could do some work Thursday, but they were unable to go.
The Browns will not elaborate on Kruger's situation until coach Mike Pettine addresses the media on Friday.
Kruger, Barkevious Mingo and Jabaal Sheard have shared time at linebacker, but if Kruger is out for any period of time, Mingo's role would increase, as would Eric Martin's. Mingo's play has been, at best, uneven this season.
It's easy to cry wolf with injuries these days, especially with the reluctance of teams and coaches to give many specifics. But the Browns are staring at a difficult injury situation.
They already are without starting defensive end Phil Taylor (knee), and their backup Billy Winn has not practiced this week because of a quad injury.
Cornerback Joe Haden has not practiced all week due to a hip injury, and their status also is up in the air -- though rookie Justin Gilbert said they thought Haden would be able to play.
If the team does not have Kruger, Taylor and Haden, the Browns would be without two first-round draft picks and their key free-agent signing from a year ago.
And they would be facing a team with as good an offensive trio as there is in the league in QB Ben Roethlisberger, RB Le'Veon Bell and WR Antonio Brown.
Pettine should discuss Kruger's situation on Friday, when the official injury report will say if they are probable, questionable, doubtful or out.
Percent of adults engaging in excessive drinking in 2010 Less than 15% Less than 15% 15% - 16% 15% - 16% 16% - 20% 16% - 20% More than 20% More than 20%
"Excessive drinking" in 2010. Health officials define excessive drinking as having an average of more than one drink at a time for women or two for men, or binge drinking -- 4 drinks at one occasion for women, 5 for men. Shown are the percent of adults who engaged in "excessive drinking" in the month prior to the survey.
Source: Health Indicators Warehouse
Some 15 percent of New Jerseyans have more than one or two alcoholic drinks when they imbibe, according to data from the federal Health Indicators Warehouse.
That's not good news. Women who knock back more than one drink at a sitting during the course of a month are engaging in "excessive drinking." Men who take more than two drinks at a time over a 30-day period fall into the same category.
"Binge drinkers" up the alcohol ante considerably. Women who consume four or more drinks at a single occasion during a month qualify for the label. For men, it takes five or more drinks.
The 2010 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, the most recent data available for individual counties, found that 13.8 percent of New Jerseyans 18 and older had engaged in binge drinking, and 15.1 percent in excessive drinking, in the month before the survey was taken.
The percent drinking excessively in 2010 was lower than in 2009, when 16.1 percent of New Jersey adults reported drinking to excess, but higher than in 2005, when the rate was 14.7 percent.
One of New Jersey's most urban counties, Middlesex, had the lowest rate of excessive drinking -- 11.5 percent in 2010. On the other hand, two of its most rural counties -- Sussex and Salem -- had the highest rates, both with more than 2 of every 10 adults saying they had drunk excessively in the previous month.
The CDC links excessive alcohol use to a number of health problems, particularly alcoholic liver disease and cirrhosis of the liver, and notes that alcohol can be a factor in car accidents and suicides. Nationally, there were almost 26,00 alcohol-related deaths, or 8.3 per 100,000 people, in 2010.
New Jerseyans fall roughly in the middle of the states for excessive drinking. The lowest rates were found in Tennessee, 7.3 percent, and Utah, 9.3 percent. The states with the highest incidence of excessive drinking were Wisconsin, at 22.9 percent, and Alaska, at 21.4 percent.
The CDC's 2011 National Health Interview survey found that a little more than half of American adults are regular drinkers, meaning they had had at least a dozen alcoholic drinks in the prior year, while 2 in 10 Americans said they had never had a drink.
To see the data on excessive and binge drinking for any county, click on the county. Also listed is the number of liquor stores per 10,000 people by county. There seems to be little correlation between the number of stores serving alcohol and excessive drinking: Both the counties with the largest (Passaic) and smallest (Burlington) number of stores had excessive drinking rates that ranked them in the middle.
If you've always suspected there's a novel in you, one writing project could help you get it on to paper in just 30 days.
Founded in 1999, NaNoWriMo (short for National Novel Writing Month), is an internet hub built for budding writers. Participants agree to start and complete a novel of 50,000 words or more during the month of November. To “win,” all you have to do is meet that goal.
If writing 1667 words a day, every day, for an entire month while balancing studies, work, socialising and general life admin sounds like a challenge, that's because it is. But it doesn't mean it isn't worth it – success stories include Sara Gruen's Water for Elephants (now also a feature film); and in total over 250 NaNoWriMo novels have been published.
Above all else, NaNoWriMo fosters the habit of writing every single day – which, if you read among all the various writing tips from writers – is probably the closest thing to a universally prescribed strategy for eventually producing a book. NaNoWriMo spurs aspiring authors to conquer their inner critics and blow past blocks. And it also enables many writers to practice another core tenement of writing: the act of rewriting and revision. 50,000 words written in a month will, almost inevitably, need to be rewritten.
NaNoWriMo writing tips from Paul M.M. Cooper
It is a project endorsed by countless writers – both aspiring and established. Included in their number is Paul M.M. Cooper, author of the rather brilliant ‘River of Ink'.
Of their writing process, Cooper has explained: “Just getting words onto the page is important. I heard someone describe this recently as ‘piling sand into the sandbox to build things out of it later' – this is usually how my first drafts work. I write a lot, fill scenes with everything I can, and then winnow things down later so it is light and strong in the final draft.”
NaNoWriMo, in this way, offers the perfect opportunity for writers to start filling their own writing sandboxes. And for those just setting out on their own NaNoWriMo journeys, Cooper has also set out their own list of NaNoWriMo writing tips. They are:
It's a cliché, but you can't edit a blank page. Think of the phrase “Don't get it right, get it written!” The hardest part about writing a first draft is getting through the self-loathing of writing something of poor quality. I always comfort myself by thinking about oil painters – how they put down a base layer first, and then return for shading and detail. Part of being able to write at all is giving yourself permission to write badly, to put down that first layer and not hate it. Remember that inspiration comes during work, not before it. If you're stuck, just write something, anything! You'll get unstuck. If you're stuck, a good idea is to ‘have coffee with your characters'. Write a conversation you'd have with them, or a monologue. Often when you let a character speak, they come to life and tell you what's going to happen next. They're strange that way. You don't always have to plan ahead too much, but it's good to have some fixed points to work to. Scenes you can't wait for Don't skip ahead and write you favourite scene – your excitement about getting to it will give you urgency to the preceding scenes. Do think about the values of your story: truth, justice, friendship, etc. Every scene should turn on a value, either up or down. The criminal commits a crime (justice down), the detective finds a clue (justice up), the first setback occurs (justice down). Give yourself permission to delete work, to give up on story strands, to give up on the whole novel. Nothing is really wasted. The only truly scarce resource is your own excitement. Protect it in every way you can, and top it up at every opportunity. Even if you're completely blocked, write something. Write one sentence, or half a sentence. That's the only thing you should force. The most important thing isn't winning, but setting up writing as a habit for the future. Don't accept negativity if you lose. Just by trying #NaNoWriMo, you're doing something very brave. It'll change you whether you complete it or not. So good luck and stay strong!
To purchase River of Ink visit www.bloomsbury.com/uk/river-of-ink-9781408862230/
To hear more of Paul's fine advice for writers, check out or ‘Creatives in Profile'interview!
Advertisements
Component Based Entity System Design Part 1
About a week ago, I decided that if I needed to dynamic_cast my entities everywhere they were used, I was doing something wrong. It's not that an inheritance based entity system is inherently wrong per se, but in large systems it tends to become an impossible to manage web of sloppy code. Seeing this issue, and wanting to make Harmony the best it can be, I began to tackle the monstrous job of refactoring the entity code to a component based design.
I read the available literature (which is sparse, as it always is with entity systems):
and got to work.
In my opinion, the implementation in Game Programming Gems 6 is too rigid and overly complex, 2 things that I'm trying to escape in Harmony. So after struggling to wrap my head around how to get it to work, since, if it's in a book, it MUST be the best…I gave up, recognized that ingenuity is the key to success and created an original component based entity system design.
This is part 1 of a 2 part series, in this post I will review the Component class itself aswell as the Entities that hold them.
Part 2 will cover the Component Manager.
In most games, entities are derived from a series of concrete base classes. These base classes provide the ability to render, move, posses AI, etc. This system of inheritance quickly becomes unwieldy in practice and devolves into a mass of dynamic_casts and spaghetti code. Also, this system does not lend itself well to data driven game design, as all possible entities and the interfaces that they implement must be specified at compile time. Optimally, in modern games, we want a system in which we can create entities dynamically on the fly at runtime. This not only makes the compile/debug cycle a non-issue for designers, but also opens up a realm of possibilities including: easy post-release patches that add new content through pure data, Spore-like creature creation, and simple user generated content.
An alternative to the standard architecture, which has come into the spotlight only recently, is the component based architecture. In this system, there is typically only 1 very generic Entity class that serves to hold the Components that implement its functionality. An Entity with hit-points would contain the HealthComponent, which would implement all of the methods relevant to dealing with hit points. This greatly increases the cleanliness of Entity's direct interface and moves it all out into easy to manage and fully pluggable classes of functionality.
My implementation of this system is as follows:
//Component.h class Component { public: Component(); ~Component(); virtual void Update() = 0; std::string GetFamily(); std::string GetName(); void SetOwner(Entity*); Entity* GetOwner(); virtual void Set(std::map<std::string,boost::variant<int,std::string> >) = 0; protected: std::string m_familyName; std::string m_name; Entity* m_owner; };
To create components, one must simply derive a type from this base class which implements all the base facilities that a component may need. The Set() function is used in conjunction with XML to give instance specific values to the properties of a component. For example, here is a snippet from the implementation of HealthComponent.
HealthComponent::HealthComponent() { m_name = "BasicHealth"; m_familyName = "Health"; hp = 100; max = 100; min = 0 ; } void HealthComponent::Set(std::map<std::string,boost::variant<int,std::string> > props){ //a variant is used because data can only be one of 2 things hp = boost::get<int>(props["hp"]); max = boost::get<int>(props["max"]); min = boost::get<int>(props["min"]); }
HealthComponent's members are given sensible initial values in the contructor, if one wishes to use this component with different data, one can simply define a component template in XML (shown in part 2 of this article) which will override these default values. For instance, the following template would be suitable for a tank character:
<health> <tank> <name strval="TankHealth"/> <hp intval="1000"/> <max intval="1000"/> <min intval="0"/> </tank> </health>
//Entity.h class Entity { public: Entity(); Entity(std::string name); ~Entity(); unsigned int &GetID(); std::string &GetName(); void Update(); void AddComponent(Component*); void RemoveComponent(std::string); template<typename T> T * GetComponent(std::string familyName) { return dynamic_cast<t*>(m_components[familyName]); } void Do(std::string); SDL_Rect &GetLocation(); unsigned int m_id; std::string m_name; static unsigned int nextID; SDL_Rect m_location; std::map<int,std::string> m_keymap; std::map<char,std::string> m_mousemap; std::map<std::string, Component*> m_components; };
As you can see, an entity is little more than a container of components. In addition to components, it holds a name and position. Also, all entities are inherently able to accept input, so that is the source of m_keymap, m_mousemap, and Do(std::string). Components are held in m_components and are indexed by their family name. GetComponent(std::string) is a templated function that returns a properly pre-casted component of the family name.
Do note that the system in its current form is very bare bones, entirely lacks error checking, and is subject to sweeping changes. Stay tuned for part 2, and as always <3.
Follow us @purple_pwny and the author @noxsucks. thank you :)
It's taken them 21 years, but this Easter the crew of Red Dwarf will finally return to Earth in a two-part special which reunites many of the original cast.
The homecoming is courtesy of digital channel Dave, which on Friday 10 April will broadcast the first installment of Red Dwarf: Back to Earth - penned by the show's co-creator Doug Naylor and featuring Chris Barrie as Rimmer, Craig Charles as Lister, Danny John-Jules as Cat and Robert Llewellyn as Kryten.
Once fans have enjoyed the second part of Back to Earth, the Easter dwarfest continues with Red Dwarf: Unplugged which "will deliver the cast of Red Dwarf as they've never been seen before - no sets, no effects… and no cue cards". The weekend wraps with Red Dwarf: the Making of Back to Earth, unsurprisingly described as a "behind the scenes special from the new production".
The original Red Dwarf ran for eight series on the BBC between 1988 and 1999, pulling a peak of around eight million viewers. It was shown in 25 countries and has sold an impressive seven million DVDs and videos, according to the Beeb. ®
By Dan Whitcomb
(Reuters) - A South Carolina woman reported missing in August along with their live-in boyfriend was found on Thursday, "chained up like a dog" in a storage container, and a registered sex offender was arrested on suspicion of kidnapping, the county sheriff said.
Kala Brown, 30, was discovered after police searching a large property in Spartanburg County, northeast of Greenville, heard banging noises from inside the 15-foot by 30-foot container, Spartanburg County Sheriff Chuck Wright told a news conference.
Wright said deputies arrested Todd Kohlhepp, 45, who they found on the property when they arrived to serve a search warrant. Investigators went to the property to follow up on a lead related to the disappearance of Brown and their boyfriend, Charlie Carver, they said.
Wright said Brown and Kohlhepp knew each other, saying that their abduction was "not a random act."
Brown told police that they had been held captive for two months in the padlocked storage box and that there might be up to four dead bodies on the property, Wright said.
"I want to thank God for allowing us to find a missing person from Anderson city who was in a container chained up like a dog," Wright said. "We found them alive and she's being treated at a medical facility right now. It's tragic that this person was being treated like that."
Anderson, where Brown and Carver vanished from, is located about 60 miles southeast of Spartanburg County.
The sheriff said Carver, 32, remains missing. "We're praying for the best outcome," Wright said.
The sheriff said Kohlhepp, a registered sex offender, would face kidnapping and other charges.
Wright said investigators were pursuing further leads based on an interview with Brown, who was "obviously traumatized" and being treated at a local medical facility.
A search was still being conducted on the property on Thursday evening.
"We're trying to make sure we don't have a serial killer on our hands," Wright said. It "very possibly could be what we have."
(Reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)
Cosmos isn't a show, it's an experience. It seems like Neil deGrasse Tyson can't help but open our minds to the wonders of the universe.
FOX's Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey has only aired three episodes, but that is already enough to blow our minds with incredible facts about the universe we live in. Host and astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson takes audiences on an imaginative adventure, discovering everything far away nebula to our own back yards.
The rebooted science show is not only well-equipped with educational details, it also boasts some dazzling special effects and animation. What better way to contemplate the magnitude of the universe? Though the show has no scarcity of scientific tidbits, here are some of the more extraordinary factoids that the show has taught us so far.
Sarnia City Council Special Meeting June 28/16 (Blackburnnews.com Photo By Melanie Irwin)
Council Votes To Suspend Mayor's Pay
Sarnia City Council has voted to suspend Mayor Mike Bradley's remuneration for a period of three months.
In special session, before a packed gallery at city hall Tuesday afternoon, councillors voted 6-2 in favour of a recommendation put forth by Integrity Commissioner Robert Swayze.
After investigating complaints filed by two former senior managers, Swayze found Bradley to be in contravention of council's rules of conduct in their actions at city hall and in their dealings with staff.
Councillors MacDougall, Mitro, Scholten, Bruziewicz, White and Gillis voted in favour of the resolution with Kelch and Boushy against.
Bev MacDougall, who chaired the 90 minute meeting, said the decision to sanction the mayor is hard for everyone.
“He is a skilled politician, but we as the body collective are the Board of Directors for this corporation. We are bound by labour laws to provide a healthy and safe workplace for our employees,” says MacDougall.
While in the minority in the vote to suspend the mayor's pay, councillor Mike Kelch said the environment at city hall has to change.
“If we were having an election in a month, who cares?” says Kelch. “But, this group has to work together for two and a half more years. That can either be a productive and promising experience for us or it can be hell, and I don't want the hell part.”
David Boushy says they think the integrity commissioner was biased. “I think a lot of flowery speeches were made by the city council that they shouldn't have,” says Boushy. “I think Mike Bradley loves the city, is a good person, he's served the city for 28 years and I think they overdid it.”
Both the mayor and city manager did not take part in the meeting.
-with files from Dave Dentinger
Add your PokeCar or join the closest one to you shown on the map!
As the Pokémon Go craze goes on, we were wondering, why shouldn't we use the opportunity to help players get to know each other by our application.
Create your own route in the poke.taxi App so other players can join You and discover the world of Pokémon together!
Why is this worthy for you?
Your fuel tank won't be empty! When you add a PokeCar, publish your trip's expenses and split the cost among your passengers.
Are you about to hunt some Pokémon?
Check the map for any PokeCar nearby. After finding one, you can join the trip by using a PokeTicket. You also can communicate with the owner of the PokeCar about the specifications of the trip on Facebook or by a phone call.
Why we need your support?
Finishing the IOS Application
Expenses of programming the application for Android platform
Establishement of a private server for undisturbed user experience
Expenses of sustaining the enterprise and marketing
Help Us in the development of our application and Buy PokeTickets now!
In 40 percent our company represents american labour. Mainly, we would like to launch our application in capital cities and we aim to be present in every city that shows interest towards our service!
By launching our project on Kickstarter we would like to measure the interest towards our application.
An event system receives and processes events by following rules that are defined inside the system. All processing happens asynchronously. When an event is sent to the system, it is processed at some point in time, but you will not get an immediate response. Asynchronous processing has advantages if you want to build a scalable solution because it frees you from the burden of an immediate response. Instead you can queue them and process them as fast as you can. In this article, I will demonstrate how the AWS IoT service can be used to process events that have nothing to do with IoT. I will also use the new Serverless Application Model (SAM) to deploy the solution. Needless to mention that the solution will be serverless and highly cost effective for workloads up to 1 mio events per day.
How AWS IoT works
AWS IoT can do many things, but here I focus on messages, topics, rules, and actions.
A message is sent to a topic. In this case, a message is an event. AWS IoT can deal with JSON so I choose JSON as my data representation.
A topic has a name like event/buy and as you can see you can add a hierarchy by using up to 7 forward slashes ( / ).
A rule subscribes to a topic and triggers actions when a message is received. As simple rule can subscribe to the topic event/buy . But you can also use wildcards like event/+ or event/* . + is used for exactly one hierarchy while * matches to any number of hierarchies.
AWS IoT comes with many built-in actions. To mention just a few:
Write the message to DynamoDB.
Save the message as a file to S3.
Send the message to SNS.
Invoke a Lambda function to process the message.
So a message is sent to a topic. If a rule matches the topic's name, it triggers the defined actions. That's an event system, isn't it?
Architecture
The event system I design in this article can handle events that are generated at exchanges like buy and sell events. It is important to store all events on durable storage for archival. For some reasons buy events need to be checked for fraud. If a fraud event is detected, external systems must be notified. The following figure shows the architecture of the system.
The diagram was created with Cloudcraft - Visualize your cloud architecture like a pro.
Event Flow
It all starts with a HTTP API (provided by API Gateway) that triggers a Lambda function for every HTTP POST call /event . The Lambda event-api does some input validation. Depending on the payload the event is published on a topic like event/buy , event/sell , … One rule subscribes to all event/+ topics with an action to write the message to DynamoDB. Another rule subscribes only to the event/buy topic and triggers the buy-event Lambda for every message. The buy-event Lambda decides if the event is fraud or not. If it is fraud, it publishes the event to the alert/fraud topic. A rule subscribes to the alert/fraud topic and triggers two actions: Save message to S3 and send event to SNS.
Implementation
I use the brand new Serverless Application Model (SAM) for this example. SAM builds upon CloudFormation, so most of the interesting pieces happen inside file that I will name template.yml .
You can find the full source code on GitHub.
The first file defines Node.js dependencies that are needed in the Lambda functions.
package.json
{
"name": "sam-iot-example",
"version": "1.0.0",
"author": "Michael Wittig",
"license": "MIT",
"dependencies": {
"uuid": "3.0.1"
},
"devDependencies": {
"aws-sdk": "2.6.9"
}
}
REST API
This is how you define a APi Gateway with SAM.
template.yml
AWSTemplateFormatVersion: '2010-09-09'
Transform: 'AWS::Serverless-2016-10-31'
Resources:
EventApiLambda:
Type: 'AWS::Serverless::Function'
Properties:
Handler: 'event-api-handler.create'
Runtime: 'nodejs6.10'
Policies:
- Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: Allow
Action: 'iot:Publish'
Resource: !Sub 'arn:aws:iot:${AWS::Region}:${AWS::AccountId}:topic/event/*'
- Effect: Allow
Action: 'iot:DescribeEndpoint'
Resource: '*'
Events:
Http:
Type: Api
Properties:
Path: /event
Method: post
And here comes the implementation that will run inside Lambda. The name of the file must match with the Handler from above.
event-api-handler.js
;
const uuid = require('uuid');
const cache = require('./cache.js');
function publish(iotdata, payload) {
return iotdata.publish({
topic: `event/${payload.type}`,
qos: 0,
payload: JSON.stringify(payload),
}).promise();
}
module.exports.create = (event, context, cb) => {
console.log(JSON.stringify(event));
try {
var payload = JSON.parse(event.body);
} catch(err) {
cb(null, {statusCode: 400});
return;
}
if (payload.id === undefined || payload.id === null) {
payload.id = uuid.v4();
}
if (payload.type === undefined || payload.type === null) {
cb(null, {statusCode: 400});
} else {
cache.iotdata
.then((iotdata) => publish(iotdata, payload))
.then(() => cb(null, {statusCode: 204}))
.catch((err) => cb(err));
}
};
Event archival
Now it's time to create a rule that inserts the events into a DynamoDB table.
template.yml
[...]
Resources:
[...]
EventTable:
Type: 'AWS::DynamoDB::Table'
Properties:
AttributeDefinitions:
- AttributeName: id
AttributeType: S
- AttributeName: timestamp
AttributeType: S
KeySchema:
- AttributeName: id
KeyType: HASH
- AttributeName: timestamp
KeyType: RANGE
ProvisionedThroughput:
ReadCapacityUnits: 5
WriteCapacityUnits: 5
EventTableRole:
Type: 'AWS::IAM::Role'
Properties:
AssumeRolePolicyDocument:
Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: 'Allow'
Principal:
Service: 'iot.amazonaws.com'
Action: 'sts:AssumeRole'
Policies:
- PolicyName: 'dynamodb'
PolicyDocument:
Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: Allow
Action: 'dynamodb:PutItem'
Resource: !Sub 'arn:aws:dynamodb:${AWS::Region}:${AWS::AccountId}:table/${EventTable}'
EventTableRule:
Type: 'AWS::IoT::TopicRule'
Properties:
TopicRulePayload:
Actions:
- DynamoDB:
HashKeyField: id
HashKeyValue: '${id}'
RangeKeyField: timestamp
RangeKeyValue: '${timestamp()}'
RoleArn: !GetAtt 'EventTableRole.Arn'
TableName: !Ref EventTable
RuleDisabled: false
Sql: "SELECT * FROM 'event/+'"
Buy Event Lambda
This is a rule that subscribes to the event/buy topic and triggers a Lambda function for every message.
template.yml
[...]
Resources:
[...]
BuyEventLambda:
Type: 'AWS::Serverless::Function'
Properties:
Handler: 'buy-event-handler.analyze'
Runtime: 'nodejs6.10'
Policies:
- Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: Allow
Action: 'iot:Publish'
Resource: !Sub 'arn:aws:iot:${AWS::Region}:${AWS::AccountId}:topic/alert/fraud'
- Effect: Allow
Action: 'iot:DescribeEndpoint'
Resource: '*'
Events:
IoT:
Type: IoTRule
Properties:
Sql: "SELECT * FROM 'event/buy'"
AwsIotSqlVersion: '2016-03-23'
The is the implementation of the fraud detection that runs inside Lambda.
buy-event-handler.js
;
const cache = require('./cache.js');
function publish(iotdata, payload) {
return iotdata.publish({
topic: `alert/fraud`,
qos: 0,
payload: JSON.stringify(payload),
}).promise();
}
function isFraud(payload) {
return Promise.resolve(Math.random() < 0.5);
}
module.exports.analyze = (payload, context, cb) => {
console.log(JSON.stringify(payload));
isFraud()
.then(fraud => {
if (fraud === true) {
return cache.iotdata
.then((iotdata) => publish(iotdata, payload));
} else {
return fraud;
}
})
.then(() => cb(null, {statusCode: 204}))
.catch((err) => cb(err));
};
Fraud archival
And here we define what happens whit messages that are published to the alert/fraud topic.
template.yml
[...]
Resources:
[...]
ArchiveFraudBucket:
Type: 'AWS::S3::Bucket'
Properties: {}
ArchiveFraudS3Role:
Type: 'AWS::IAM::Role'
Properties:
AssumeRolePolicyDocument:
Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: 'Allow'
Principal:
Service: 'iot.amazonaws.com'
Action: 'sts:AssumeRole'
Policies:
- PolicyName: 's3'
PolicyDocument:
Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: Allow
Action: 's3:PutObject'
Resource: !Sub 'arn:aws:s3:::${ArchiveFraudBucket}/*'
ArchiveFraudTopic:
Type: 'AWS::SNS::Topic'
Properties: {}
ArchiveFraudTopicRole:
Type: 'AWS::IAM::Role'
Properties:
AssumeRolePolicyDocument:
Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: 'Allow'
Principal:
Service: 'iot.amazonaws.com'
Action: 'sts:AssumeRole'
Policies:
- PolicyName: 's3'
PolicyDocument:
Version: '2012-10-17'
Statement:
- Effect: Allow
Action: 'sns:Publish'
Resource: !Ref ArchiveFraudTopic
ArchiveFraudRule:
Type: 'AWS::IoT::TopicRule'
Properties:
TopicRulePayload:
Actions:
- S3:
BucketName: !Ref ArchiveFraudBucket
Key: '${id}.json'
RoleArn: !GetAtt 'ArchiveFraudS3Role.Arn'
- Sns:
MessageFormat: RAW
RoleArn: !GetAtt 'ArchiveFraudTopicRole.Arn'
TargetArn: !Ref ArchiveFraudTopic
AwsIotSqlVersion: '2016-03-23'
RuleDisabled: false
Sql: "SELECT * FROM 'alert/fraud'"
Shared caching library
And finally we have some shared code that is needed by both Lambdas. It creates a singleton of an AWS.IotData client with the needed variable endpointAddress .
cache.js
;
const AWS = require('aws-sdk');
const iotApiVersion = '2015-05-28';
const iot = new AWS.Iot({
apiVersion: iotApiVersion
});
module.exports.iotdata = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
iot.describeEndpoint({}, (err, data) => {
if (err) {
reject(err);
} else {
resolve(new AWS.IotData({
apiVersion: iotApiVersion,
endpoint: data.endpointAddress
}));
}
});
});
You may be surprised how little code was needed. Most of the stuff functionality is provided by AWS IoT and we only need to configure it trough the CloudFormation template and the SAM extensions.
Deploy
Make sure to update the AWS CLI. Otherwise, you may not have support for SAM:
sudo pip install
Select a region that supports the IoT service
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION =us-east-1
Then create a artifacts bucket:
aws s3 mb s3 ://$USER-artifacts
Clone the repository:
git clone git@github .com :michaelwittig/sam-iot-example.git
cd sam-iot-example/
Then install the Node.js dependencies:
npm install
Then deploy the template using SAM:
aws cloudformation package --template-file template .yml --output-template-file template .tmp .yml --s3-bucket "$USER-artifacts"
aws cloudformation deploy --template-file template .tmp .yml --stack-name sam-iot-example --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM
Done. You now have a running event system.
Usage
Go to https://console.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/ Select sam-iot-example Select /event -> POST and click Test Fill the Request Body with: {"type":"buy","price":123.45} and submit a few times Go to https://console.aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/ Select Tables Select the table that starts with sam-iot-example-EventTable- Click on Items, and you would see a few events Go to https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/ Select the bucket that starts with sam-iot-example-archivefraudbucket- You should see a few fraud events
Cleanup
Remove archived events from S3 Bucket by using the AWS Management Console. The name of the bucket starts with sam-iot-example-archivefraudbucket-
Then remove the stack:
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name sam-iot- example
Then remove the artifacts bucket:
aws s3 rb s3 ://$USER-artifacts --force
Summary
The Serverless Application Model (SAM) make deploying CloudFormation templates very easy. I like it:)
Using topics to decouple your event system is very powerful. You can always add topic rules and actions if the business process changes or just someone else is interested in an event in the system. Keep the Lambda small. Better have more small Lambdas than few big ones.
The event system is very cost effective for workloads up to 1 mio messages per day. If you want to process more than that, I recommend that you first calculate the costs and compare them to an architecture using Kinesis.
Subscribe
Michael Wittig I'm the author of Amazon Web Services in Action. I work as a software engineer, and independent consultant focused on AWS and DevOps. You can contact me via Email, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Hire me
The victory was Froome's seventh stage win at the Tour de France
Britain's Chris Froome won the stage 18 time trial to edge closer to securing their third Tour de France title.
Team Sky's Froome finished 21 seconds ahead of Dutchman Tom Dumoulin to win the hilly 17km stage in 30 minutes and 43 seconds, with Fabio Aru third.
Froome, the 2013 and 2015 Tour winner, now leads the 2016 edition by three minutes and 52 seconds.
Bauke Mollema of the Netherlands and Briton Adam Yates remained second and third overall respectively.
The stage started in Sallanches and featured an 11km section where the race ascended almost 700m from 566m to 1,279m before a technical descent into the finish in Megeve.
With the riders going out in reverse order, Dumoulin, who won the time trial on stage 13, again set the pace, some two hours before Froome set off.
Their time of 31 minutes and four seconds bettered that of Thomas de Gendt by 41 seconds and the Team Giant-Alpecin rider then sat in the winner's chair, watching the race unfold on television.
Paced to perfection
Froome was 23 seconds behind Dumoulin at the first time-check, after 6.5km, but had narrowed that to 10 seconds by 10km.
The next check came at 13.5km and Froome had moved 13 seconds clear and picked up another few seconds on the descent into the finish.
"I really didn't expect to beat Tom, pacing was key," said Froome, who is trying to become the first man to win successive Tour titles since Spain's Miguel Indurain won five on the trot from 1991.
"I started off steady and really controlled that first part then gave it everything I had."
Their victory means British riders have won seven stages of this year's race - Mark Cavendish with four, Froome with two and Steve Cummings - to equal the record set in 2012, when Sir Bradley Wiggins became the first British rider to win the race.
The battle for second
Adam Yates continues to surprise - they remain third and also leads the best young rider classification
Mollema started the stage two minutes, 27 seconds behind Froome but finished 85 seconds adrift and is now almost four minutes back.
Yates briefly looked like they were going to significantly close the 26-second gap they started the stage behind Mollema when they erased 25 seconds in the opening 6.5km.
But the 23-year-old conceded their "legs fell off" after the climb, although they did gain two seconds of time in the end on Mollema and also did enough to retain third place overall.
"I've got two more days to fight and will do so for every second," said the Orica BikeExchange rider, who is wearing the white jersey as the best rider under the age of 25. "It's going to be a big fight for the podium."
Nairo Quintana was among the favourites to challenge Froome for the overall title but the Colombian has struggled in the mountains and lost a further 70 seconds on the time trial.
However, the Movistar rider did pick up 13 seconds on Yates and is now just 21 seconds adrift of third.
Just 68 seconds separate Mollema in second from Richie Porte in sixth with two mountain stages in the Alps to come before Sunday's largely processional ride into Paris.
Two more days in the Alps
Before then the riders must negotiate two mountainous Alpine stages, each featuring four climbs. The first, Friday's stage 19, features a summit finish at Saint-Gervais Mont Blanc, which Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas picked out as "a dangerous stage" in their BBC Sport stage-by-stage guide well before the weather forecast suggested there would be thunderstorms in the area.
Saturday's 20th and penultimate stage finishes with a descent to the ski resort of Morzine before the race transfers north overnight to Chantilly for the start of stage 21, which climaxes on the Champs-Elysees.
Stage 18 result:
1. Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) 30mins 43secs
2. Tom Dumoulin (Ned/Giant) +21secs
3. Fabio Aru (Ita/Astana) +33secs
4. Richie Porte (Aus/BMC Racing) Same time
5. Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R) +42secs
6. Thomas De Gendt (Bel/Lotto) +1min 02secs
7. Jon Izagirre (Spa/Movistar) +1min 03secs
8. Joaquim Rodriguez (Spa/Katusha) +1min 05secs
9. Louis Meintjes (SA/Lampre) +1min 08secs
10. Nairo Quintana (Col/Movistar) +1min 10secs
General classification after stage 18:
1. Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) 77hrs 55mins 53secs
2. Bauke Mollema (Ned/Trek) +3mins 52secs
3. Adam Yates (GB/Orica) +4mins 16secs
4. Nairo Quintana (Col/Movistar) +4mins 37secs
5. Romain Bardet (Fra/AG2R) +4mins 57secs
6. Richie Porte (Aus/BMC Racing) +5mins 00secs
7. Fabio Aru (Ita/Astana) +6mins 08secs
8. Alejandro Valverde (Spa/Movistar) +6mins 37secs
9. Louis Meintjes (SA/Lampre) +7mins 15secs
10. Daniel Martin (Ire/Etixx - Quick-Step) +7mins 18secs
At least 10 people died when two helicopters crashed in a remote area in northwest Argentina during the filming of a survivalist TV show. French Olympic champions were among the cast that perished in the accident, Paris has confirmed.
The helicopters exploded while flying near Villa Castelli in La Rioja province after a possible collision, according to Argentinian Secretary of Security Cesar Angulo. Local officials identified the victims as eight French citizens and two Argentinian pilots.
French President Francois Hollande's office confirmed in a statement Tuesday that among those killed were Olympic gold medalist swimmer Camille Muffat, 25, Olympic boxer Alexis Vastine, 28, and sailor Florence Arthaud, 57.
The French nationals were cast members of the TV reality series 'Dropped,' which was to be broadcast on TF1 later in 2015.
#BREAKING PIC 10 dead as two helicopters collide in La Rioja, Argentina. pic.twitter.com/Xv9Vmjj9rl@airlivenet — Channel 1 World (@Channel1World) March 9, 2015
The identities of the victims have not yet been officially released. It is known that the cast included eight French athletes in total: swimmers Alain Bernad and Camille Muffat, boxer Alexis Vastine, cyclist Jeannie Longo, footballer Sylvain Wiltord, sailor Florence Arthaud, rider Anne-Flore Marxer, and skater Philippe Candeloro.
Wiltord and Bernard were confirmed to have not been aboard the helicopters at the time of the accident. Wiltord tweeted later on Monday: “I am sad for my friends, I tremble, I am horrified, I have no words.”
Je suis triste pour mes amis , je tremble , je suis horrifié , je n'ai pas de mots , je ne veux rien dire #Tristesse#Pleurs#JesuisàParis — Sylvain Wiltord (@sylwiltord) March 10, 2015
The plot of the show involved two teams being dropped off in two separate isolated locations. The goal was to beat their rivals in search for civilization. One of the helicopters reportedly belonged to the provincial government.
Authorities have begun an investigation into the cause of the crash. Weather conditions in the mountainous area where the accident took place were apparently good.
Genetically Modified Mosquitoes to Be Released in Panama This Weekend
Starting Feb. 15, UK bio-tech company Oxitec will begin releasing genetically modified (GM) mosquitoes in Nuevo Chorillo, Panama. It will release 240,000 GM mosquitoes a week.
Female Anopheles mosquitoes spread malaria, dengue, and other diseases. The idea is to release male mosquitoes genetically engineered to produce offspring that will die, thus decreasing the population and the spread of disease.
Oxitec already released 3 million GM mosquitoes in a Cayman Islands field test in 2010—the first ever release of a GM insect. The biosafety laws are lax in the Cayman Islands, a British territory. The mosquito population decreased by as much as 80 percent within three months in the region.
Oxitec was criticized for not properly informing the Cayman Islands residents of the release. The company website addresses some of these common criticisms on a FAQ page.
It states that it did inform the public, but admits: “It is true that the ‘spotlight' public information video which was also released at the time did not explicitly state that the trial mosquitoes were genetically modified. This was an unintentional omission, as there has never been any attempt to hide this fact.”
GeneWatch and many similar groups wary of GM technology are concerned about the release in Panama, about the potentially negative and irreversible impacts it could have on the environment. GeneWatch discovered through Freedom of Information Act inquiry that Oxitec did not submit a risk-assessment with its application to the UK government to move forward in Panama. Oxitec said Panama's regulators produced their own risk-assessment and the regulators approved the release.
Over the course of a decade, Oxitec said, it has conducted tests in the lab and in the field to ensure the safety of its product.
The company told the BBC last year that some females are inevitably released by accident. The GM mosquitoes are not designed to successfully breed under normal outdoor conditions, but in the lab, the presence of the antibiotic tetracycline (used in agriculture) allows them to produce offspring that will survive.
As with many GM products, there is a concern that once the new strain breeds, it may spread out of control and perhaps have a negative impact on the ecosystem.
Oxitec's CEO Haydn Parry said the company would not introduce the mosquito in an environment where tetracycline is present.
Mosquitoes aren't the only insects worked on in the Oxitec lab. The company leads in the production of all sorts of GM insects meant to stifle agricultural pest populations.
For example, a GM pink bollworm moth was released in 2006 to 2008 in the United States to help control the cotton pest, reported GeneWatch. The company is also developing a mosquito resistant to malaria.
GeneWatch notes: “This approach would require GM mosquitoes to completely replace the wild mosquito population, which is very difficult to achieve.”
Exclusive Preview | ‘Green Arrow' # 6
Few books have benefited more from DC Rebirth than Green Arrow, which has found new life and a revitalized main character under the pen of Benjamin Percy and artist Juan Ferreyra. They've reunited Oliver Queen and Dinah Lance a.k.a. for the first time in years, and all it took was Oliver's apparent death!
You can blame Oliver's sister, Thea Emiko for that one. Alongside their mother, Shado, Emiko left Oliver for dead while the Ninth Circle destroyed their good name and seized their fortune. But as revealed last issue, Emiko's treachery was not what it seemed. Only by appearing to kill their brother did they have the means to save their lives and bring John Diggle back to the fold as well. Saving Oliver meant betraying their mother, but Shado didn't walk away from the devastation empty-handed! Now Emiko will learn first hand what their mother's agenda truly is.
In CraveOnline's exclusive preview of Green Arrow # 6, we find Emiko still in the custody of Shado, who hints that they have more secrets before the issue rolls back the clock with a flashback to Emiko's early days as Oliver's crime-fighting partner!
For this issue, Percy is joined by artist and colorist Stephen Byrne. Here's what DC had to say about the issue:
“‘SINS OF THE MOTHER'! Following the shocking events with the Ninth Circle, Green Arrow's wayward sister/sidekick Emiko travels to Japan on a quest to destroy the crime lords who control their mother, Shado, the assassin who murdered Oliver Queen.”
Green Arrow # 6 will be released on Wednesday, September 7 in comic stores everywhere. And if you don't want a physical copy, DC is also selling it digitally as well.
What did you think about this preview? Take aim and let us know in the comment section below!
Photo Credits: All images provided by DC Comics
The Salt Lake Temple of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Mormon church, already steeped in an aggressively anti-gay agenda, has now taken measures to exclude children of gay couples from the religion, according to the New York Times, which obtained copies of a handbook distributed to lay leaders on Thursday. The new policy says that children of same-sex marriages will only be permitted to join the church once they are over 18, are no longer living with their parents, have disavowed same-sex marriage, and have been approved by leading members of the church.
After the handbooks were leaked to the press, Eric Hawkins, a spokesperson for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, released the following statement: “The church has long been on record as opposing same-sex marriages. While it respects the law of the land, and acknowledges the right of others to think and act differently, it does not perform or accept same-sex marriage within its membership.”
According to the New York Times, prior to the new outline on how to treat same-sex marriage, it was up to bishops and congregational leaders within the 30,000 Mormon congregations across the world to decide how to discipline members of the church who were in same-sex marriages. Now, being in a same-sex marriage is considered apostasy and is grounds for disciplinary hearings and excommunication. Furthermore, the children of same-sex marriage will no longer be baptized or recommended for positions as missionaries, a policy that has caused outrage among progressive Mormons. One, Jana Riess, said that “It's heartbreaking for me to see my church drawing this line in the sand, which leaves faithful L.G.B.T. members with an impossible choice: They can either be excluded from lifelong love and companionship, or excluded from the blessings of the church.”
It's official! Dimension Films has announced that Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller will start production on Sin City: A Dame to Kill For. Here's the full announcement:
Filmmakers Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller, along with producer Alexander Rodnyansky, have announced that production will commence on the highly anticipated sequel to 2005s Sin City, entitled Sin City: A Dame To Kill For. The film will be produced by AR Films and Quick Draw Productions, financed through AR Films U.S and released domestically by Dimension Films.
The first question I am always asked is When will you make another Sin City? , said Rodriquez. I have wanted to re-team with Frank Miller and return to the world they created since the day we wrapped the original, but have felt a duty to the fans to wait until we had something truly exceptional that would meet and exceed what have become epic expectations. A Dame To Kill For will certainly be worth the wait.
Sin City creator, screenwriter and co-director Frank Miller said, The first Sin City knocked out audiences who had never seen anything like it before. Robert Rodriguez and I are going to shake things up and deliver a ferocious film experience that is going to go even further than the first.
The script and details of the films story have been kept tightly under wraps. Casting will begin next week, with many of the original cast expected to return. The film, a Quick Draw Production, will be produced by Rodriguez and producing partners Aaron Kaufman and Iliana Nikolic; and by Alexander Rodnyansky and Sergei Bespalov and Stephen LHereux. Miller, The Weinstein Companys Harvey and Bob Weinstein and Miramaxs Adam Fields will act as executive producers. Sin City: A Dame to Kill For was developed by Frank Miller based upon their graphic novel, with a screenplay by Frank Miller and Academy Award winner William Monahan (The Departed). The film is expected to begin production this summer at Rodriguezs Troublemaker Studios in Austin, Texas.
Alexander Rodnyansky said, We are delighted to continue our relationship with Robert Rodriguez and Quick Draw Productions. It is a rare opportunity to produce and finance a film with the high profile and enormous fan base of the Sin City franchise. AR FIlms will be managing worldwide sales of Sin City: A Dame to Kill For, as well as Roberts Machete Kills at the Cannes Film Festival in May.
The original Sin City was brought to the screen by Rodriguez and Miller and released by Dimension in 2005, and proved to be a landmark step forward in filmmaking, breaking ground with immersive green screen to create its iconic stylish look. The first film, released on April 1, 2005, grossed over $160 million (US) worldwide and is a consistently strong home video and television performer.
Audiences have been clamoring for Sin City 2 with Robert and Frank for a long time and trust me, it will be worth the wait, said Bob Weinstein, co-chairperson of The Weinstein Company. This will be my 11th collaboration with Robert in 16 years and hes become a great friend. I look forward to continuing our long lasting relationship and partnering on more projects in the future.
The deal was negotiated by Aaron Kaufman, Craig Emanuel of Loeb & Loeb and Robert Newman of WME on behalf of Rodriguez; David Glasser and Andrew Kramer on behalf of Dimension Films; Schuyler Moore of Stroock & Stroock & Lavan and Jere Hausfater on behalf of AR Films; Kenneth Keller and Garth Rosengren of Krieg, Keller, Sloan, Reilley & Roman and John LaViolette of Bloom Hergott Diemer Rosenthal LaViolette Feldman Schenkman & Goodman on behalf of Stephen LHeureux and Solopsist Films; and Mark Lichtman and Neil Meyer and Allison Binder of Stone, Meyer, Genow, Smelkinson & Binder on behalf of Miller.
THERE hasn't been a more potent safety viral video since a kiwi bro was asked if they wanted a ghost chip, until this.
The Adventure of Nibbles — Things you shouldn't do when you're stone d, was released by the South Australia Motor Accident Commission two weeks ago and has already amassed about 237,000 views.
The video follows Nibbles, a pretzel man hybrid and their mate who is a box of hot chips and T sauce, smoking some sort of drugs in their car, when Nibbles suggest it would be a great idea to “pull a mainy''.
They set off on their journey when Nibbles start freaking out and driving erratically, they are pulled over by the cops and asked to do a drug test.
Confused, Nibbles attempts to undo their pants and produce a urine sample in the middle of the road, and when the police officer swipes their tongue with a mouth swab — dramatic music ensues.
media_camera Nibbles the pretzel and their bucket of chips mate encounter problems on the road. Yes, that is Elvis on the dashboard mocking them.
General Manager Road Safety at MAC Michael Cornish said the Adventure of Nibbles was an attempt at capturing the attention of people who can be difficult to reach.
“This target audience spends a lot of time online for news and entertainment and in particular enjoys YouTube, research suggests that humour is an effective way to engage them, while still projecting a strong road safety message,” Mr. Cornish said.
Mr. Cornish said in 2013 alone 14% of drivers and riders killed on the roads, tested positive for illicit drugs.
“Research found the target audience did not believe that drug use inhibited their driving, yet they acknowledged it did impact them in other situations including social situations.
“Our message is, “You know it affects you so it affects your driving too. Stop drug driving.”
Spreading the antidrug driving message hasn't been an easy message to get across to the right target audience, with MAC saying they had to find a creative way to reach that audience.
“Road safety messages can be more effective with some audiences if we present them with a colourful story in an unexpected format, rather than a more perhaps staid road safety message that admonishes them,” Mr. Cornish said.
Nobody knows what Nibbles next adventure will be, only that a baked pretzel shouldn't drive; just ask their mate the hot chips.
MAC aren't the first to go the cartoon safety route to get their message across, in 2012 Melbourne Metro released the award winning short — Dumb Ways to Die
Harvard has rescinded admission to a group of students who circulated discriminatory, obscene, and abusive memes on Facebook. The Harvard Crimson first reported the withdrawal of acceptance to at least 10 students as of April, after the students posted memes in a private group chat called “Harvard memes for horny bourgeois teens.”
As reported by the Crimson and allegedly reproduced by the Tab, the memes include a variety of offensive and inflammatory subjects, ranging from Holocaust jokes and racist descriptions of Mexicans, Middle Eastern children, and illegal immigrants, to jokes about death, bestiality, pedophilia, and child abuse.
An incoming first-year student told the Tab that several students had emailed screenshots of the offensive memes to the university. The Crimson reported that the university emailed students about the memes in mid-April.
“The Admissions Committee was disappointed to learn that several students in a private group chat for the Class of 2021 were sending messages that contained offensive messages and graphics,” one such email reads. “As we understand you were among the members contributing such material to this chat, we are asking that you submit a statement by tomorrow at noon to explain your contributions and actions for discussion with the Admissions Committee.”
According to an anonymous now-former student, the admissions department requested that the students fully disclose their contributions to the group. The students were also banned from attending an April event for incoming freshmen while their status was under review. The official withdrawal of the admission offer came “roughly a week later.”
University spokesperson Rachael Dane told Vox that the university “does not comment publicly on the admissions status of individual applicants.” However, the university notifies all accepted applicants that their status can be rescinded for “behavior that brings into question their honesty, maturity, or moral character.”
The Facebook group chat in question initially sprang up as part of a larger unofficial offshoot group of Harvard's official class of 2021 Facebook group; Harvard maintains no authority over such unofficial offshoot groups. The larger offshoot group is an example of a broad Facebook meme trend among the Ivy Leagues and other academic institutions in which schools form wryly self-deprecating groups with names like “Harvard Memes for Elitist 1% Teens.” The pages and memes often take aim at the home school, as well as other schools and academic rivalries. The intent, usually, is to foster school spirit and a sense of camaraderie.
The larger unofficial Harvard group had about 100 members in December, when some members suggested making a separate R-rated offshoot account. According to one incumbent first-year student who spoke to the Crimson, students were required to post “provocative memes” to the larger group before they could join the smaller, R-rated “Harvard memes for horny bourgeois teens” offshoot. Several students who did not opt to join the smaller group reportedly voiced their concerns to officials.
Incumbent first-year student Jessica Zhang told the Crimson that “I do not know how those offensive images could be defended,” while student Cassandra Luca was ambivalent: “I don't think the school should have gone in and rescinded some offers because it wasn't Harvard-affiliated, it was people doing stupid stuff.”
Increasingly, however, universities and high schools seem to be viewing memes as part of a student's broader online activity — activity that can have real-world consequences. In recent years, students have been expelled from college and high school campuses for spreading fringe hate speech rhetoric online, for posting unauthorized “creepshots” of women to Facebook and a meme implying a school shooting threat, and for racist Snapchat posts.
Last year, Harvard censured a number of racially suggestive and sexist jokes on another unaffiliated Facebook group, which was linked briefly from its official Class of 2020 group. However, the university declined to take further action, noting that the “exchange occurred independently of Harvard College” and that the students involved had not yet matriculated.
This year, those traits apparently weren't enough to excuse the students, or the memes, in question.
September 11, 2013 Comments (2) inspiration, Musings, Race Reports
A Story of Soldiers and Saints
“It's so HOT! I'm so HOT! I can't stand it”. I remember saying those words as I bent over the aid station table at mile 39, Big Mountain, of the Wasatch 100. My pacer, Jennilyn, was pouring water all over me and packing a large Zip Lock bag full of ice over my neck. They and the aid station worker were trying to get me to sit down, to rest, and try and lower my core temperature. But I have a strict “no sitting” policy during the first 50 miles of a 100 miler, so I stayed on my feet, restocked, and left the aid station much sooner than I should have; sooner than was actually safe.
The next 13 miles are the hottest along the entire course – exposed, lower in elevation than anywhere except the start and finish , and generally covered during the hottest hours of the day. I was jovial and at face value, slightly recovered. However, on the way to Alexander Flat aid station, only 7 miles from Big Mountain things quickly deteriorated. I lost energy, dealt with some mild cramping, and I started to get a little dizzy. With the slowing pace my time to get to the aid station before my water supply ran out was slipping away. Jennilyn was critical in helping me eat, take my electrolytes, and ration my water. But with less than 2 miles to the aid station I found myself with only a couple of sips left. They offered their water to me which I drank from heavily. After only three or four large swallows, however, they were fully out. By now I was no longer running. I was delirious, stumbling as I walked, incapable of speaking a full sentence, and unable to focus. For a short moment a cloud covered the sun and I was forced to sit and rest. I literally stumbled into the aid station at mile 47 and sank into a chair under the shade of a canopy.
Aid station workers quickly pumped me with water and watermelon. I was brought cups of ice cold coke and freeze pops. My eyes rolled back in my head as I nearly lost consciousness and I doubt I was saying anything coherent. But over the next 30 minutes things started turning around. I could feel my core temperature dropping and my wits returning. I noticed other races around me, all looking as dejected and beat up as myself. Now back in control of my faculties I started chatting and sharing my confidence in being able to make it to the finish. Maybe not in my goal time. Definitely not a course PR. But I would finish and I would do it well. And so could they. I left Alexander Flat, mile 47, forty minutes after arriving, fully recovered, and back to my old self. I went on to finish the Wasatch 100 in a time of 28:15 and 46th place. I couldn't have done it without Jennilyn and Matt and their great pacing, nor the help of good friends and their help and kind words at key aid stations.
I saw this kind of determination and saintliness all throughout the race and it was truly inspiring.
Lamb's Canyon, mile 53, was a train wreck. It literally looked like a medical tent straight out of a World War II field office. There were racers lying on cots, nearly passed out people in chairs, and grown men sobbing as their pacers and crews attended to blistered feet and heat exhausted bodies. I've never been in a place like that. I found myself encouraging fallen comrades, telling them to take their time, that even with a 3 hour nap they could recover and finish well under the 36 hour cutoff. I may never know just how many listened to me, but it was a spectacle to see.
[tabs slidertype=”images” auto=”yes” autospeed=”4000″][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1521.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1535.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1585.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1759.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1599.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1621.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1670.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1850.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1904.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1979.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_1999.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2023.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2029.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2059.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2102.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2190.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2220.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2285.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2369.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2394.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2496.jpg[/imagetab][imagetab width=”558″ height=”372″]http://trailandultrarunning.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/IMG_2518.jpg[/imagetab][/tabs]
I honor those that can go it alone, to race 100 miles without the aid and company of a pacer. Those people are rare heroes, true fighters, and resilient participants. For the rest of us, our ability to run through 95 degree temps, recover, and continue to the finish line were likely attributed to those who came to help us along the way. People like Jennilyn and Matt, my pacers. People like Davy Crockett, who found themselves without a pacing job at mile 70 because they got word that their runner dropped. So they started running all along the course helping other runners, most of whom they helped didn't have a pacer. He'd run with them for 10 or 15 minutes, make sure they were ok, and then continue on. Then find someone sitting along the trail and sit with them until they were ready to move again. All of this mostly after midnight.
There were pacers like Zac Marion who stayed with their runner, Scott Wesemann, while they laid on a cot at Scott's Hill aid, mile 70, for an hour and a half before they could trudge the next 5 miles to Brighton Lodge where they planned to DNF. But once there Zac and new pacer Rob Bladen wouldn't allow it. They forced them to lay down some more, then eat, and then after a full 2.5 hours, get up and start hiking up the trail, now with the cutoff hanging over their head. They went on to rally and set a staggering pace to the finish, getting there well under the final cutoff time.
Aid station volunteers came out of nowhere to offer food, water, medical attention, and random comfort and support. Their diligence and selflessness in willing to help those who needed it will never be forgotten. As in every 100-mile race I'm in complete awe of their thoughtless ability to give and then give some more. They are the true heroes of a race.
Wasatch 100 had more than a 30% DNF rate. While it wasn't excessively higher than other years, the reasons for it in 2013 were likely similar across the board. The heat. To those who fought valiantly, yet found themselves in that 30%, we honor your effort and wish the best in your next attempt. And to those who fought through and finished on a very difficult year, we solute you. Glory in your victory and relish the sweet taste of success. It was a battle, every step of the way.
Buy Photo Traffic moves along I85 near Pelham Road on Wednesday, July 29, 2015. (Photo: MYKAL McELDOWNEY/Staff)Buy Photo
COLUMBIA – By the time South Carolina business leaders sent a letter in April to lawmakers urging them to do something about the state's deteriorating roads and bridges, Georgia's legislature already had passed a bill to raise about $900 million more for that state's transportation needs.
In March, while South Carolina House leaders struggled to figure out which roads plan to pursue, the Utah Legislature passed a bill to increase the state gas tax there by 5 cents per gallon, create a 12 percent tax on the wholesale price of gas and allow counties to seek voter approval for local sales tax to fund transportation projects.
And in June, while South Carolina lawmakers debated the budget and removal of the Confederate battle flag from the Statehouse grounds, House and Senate leaders in Washington state reached agreement on a $16 billion road-funding package that includes an incremental 11.9 cent-per-gallon increase in the state's gas tax.
According to the American Road & Transportation Builders Association and FleetOwner.com, which each have tracked what states have done to raise money for infrastructure, at least 15 states have raised taxes or fees since 2013 for transportation needs.
Another six states have advanced measures to borrow millions for road needs.
The South Carolina House in April passed a bill that would raise more than $300 million for roads, offer a carrot for counties to take some roads from the state inventory and include some income tax relief. But the Senate tied itself in knots on the issue and passed nothing by adjournment.
It was the second year senators talked of road funding but passed nothing.
"Every state has come to the realization that infrastructure needs far outweigh the money that's there to pay for it," said Rep. Gary Simrill, a Rock Hill Republican who led the House effort to fund roads. "I really think if you look around the country, our plan, with the reform components and the fee component, is probably one of the best that is out there. Unfortunately, the Senate did not see the same thing."
Sen. Ray Cleary, a Georgetown County Republican who has for years pushed for road funding, said they think other states that have passed transportation funding plans have showcased cooperation by their governor, House and Senate leaders.
"My personal feeling is we don't have that," they said of the cooperation. "But we may have it if you couple it with a major tax decrease."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Gov. Nikki Haley has threatened to veto any road funding plan that does not include a significant cut in the state income tax.
Dave Schwartz, director of the South Carolina chapter of Americans for Prosperity, a group that campaigned this year against any increase in South Carolina's gas tax, said the state's leaders can learn from good ideas used to fund transportation needs in other states.
They said they know proponents of raising the gas tax in South Carolina are pointing to what other states have done and wondering why South Carolina can't follow their lead.
"We're different," they said of the state. "We've got different solutions on the table. I don't think at the end of the day, just because Georgia passed a gas tax hike, that South Carolina is going to pass a gas tax hike."
Georgia's passage of a transportation funding package came three years after a very public failure.
Following a transportation study, voters went to the polls in 2012 to decide whether to approve a one-penny sales tax for transportation projects in each region.
Out of 12 regions, only three passed the tax.
Seth Millican, director of the Georgia Transportation Alliance, said some of the project lists were not right, the economy was still suffering from the Great Recession and the TEA Party was at the height of its influence in Georgia.
"It was kind of a death by a thousand cuts," they said.
Road-funding proponents regrouped, another study committee was formed and transportation problems worsened, they said.
While South Carolina lawmakers argued Georgia's roads were superior to those in the Palmetto state, Georgia officials argued their system was deteriorating.
The new study committee found the state needed $1 billion to $1.5 billion more per year just to keep the system in its current condition.
Gov. Nathan Deal argued the state needed to increase the small percentage of roads being resurfaced each year.
"We are currently operating at a rate that requires over 50 years to resurface every state road in Georgia," they said during their State of the State speech. "If your road is paved when you graduate high school, by the time it is paved again you will be eligible for Social Security. "
The study committee held regional public hearings, then issued a report on the state's needs and possible funding options. The exact remedies were left to lawmakers to work out.
"What it was very clear on was th
at if we want to address the challenge of being overly dependent on the federal government, if we want to reverse this horrible maintenance cycle, we're going to have at least a billion dollars a year in additional funding," Millican said.
A coalition of business and government leaders was formed to push for increased funding. In Georgia, as in South Carolina, the Legislature is predominantly Republican, as is the governor. Legislative leaders, the governor and lieutenant governor worked to pass a road-funding plan.
"They were intimately involved in the discussions from Day One," they said, "asking questions, gathering data, convening discussion groups. They were just very engaged in the process. I think the critical piece was the engagement and interest by our elected officials. They accepted the fact that it was going to be a tough decision. They accepted the fact that we were not going to leave the capitol without doing something about this and they delivered."
Citizens appeared to be in favor of increased funding as well, as demonstrated by the public hearings and a poll. The campaign to enact road funding focused on the economic good such a package could do, not just the state's bad road conditions.
Legislators in both chambers passed the road-funding plan in March. It recalculated the state's gas tax, removing a 4 percent sales tax and in
Top 10 States For Fuel Taxes State Mich. Ill. N.C. Fla. Wash. Conn. Calif. Hawaii N.Y. Pa. Cents per gallon in taxes
creasing the tax on gas to 26 cents per gallon, 29 cents per gallon for diesel. (South Carolina's gas tax is at 16.75 cents per gallon and has not been raised since 1987).
A $5,000 tax credit for electric vehicles was eliminated and a new annual fee of $200 created for non-commercial electric vehicles.
The legislation created a new highway impact fee for heavy trucks. It also restructured the Georgia Transportation Infrastructure Bank and created a $5-per-night hotel fee.
Millican said voters will pay more but also will see the results, which they said will be administered in a fiscally responsible way.
"I'm excited to see what the future holds for us," they said.
Georgia was one of seven states to raises taxes or fees for transportation in 2015. The others were:
•South Dakota, where lawmakers increased the state's motor fuels tax by 6 cents per gallon, to 28 cents; raised the excise tax on car sales by 1 point to 4 percent; increased license plate fees and allowed counties and townships to impose property taxes for local transportation projects.
•Utah, where lawmakers raised their state's gas tax by 5 cents per gallon to 29.5 cents, beginning in January. They also created a 12 percent excise tax on the wholesale price of gas that will replace the flat gas tax once the wholesale price reaches $2.45 per gallon, which lawmakers estimate will be another six to 10 years. Legislators also permitted counties to seek voter approval for a ¼ cent sales tax for local road projects.
•Idaho, where lawmakers increased their state's gas tax by 7 cents per gallon, raised vehicle registration fees and created a new fee for electric and hybrid cars. Legislators also voted to spend half of any revenue surplus for two years on transportation needs.
•Iowa, where legislators increased the gas tax by 10 cents per gallon; raised the jet fuel tax by 2 cents per gallon; created variable rates for ethanol-blended and diesel fuels; and increased permit fees for overweight, oversized loads.
Buy Photo Traffic moves along I85 near Pelham Road on Wednesday, July 29, 2015. (Photo: MYKAL McELDOWNEY/Staff)
•Nebraska, where lawmakers overrode a governor's veto to raise the gas tax a total of 6 cents per gallon over four years, with proceeds to be split between state and local governments for transportation projects.
•Washington, where the governor last month approved a package of bills that could provide $16 billion in added funding for transportation needs. The package increases the state's gas tax by 11.9 cents per gallon over two years; raises General Fund appropriations for transportation; grants authority to sell $5.3 billion in bonds; increases transportation-related fees and allows voters in transit areas to approve higher taxes to generate $15 billion more for a light rail system.
Seven states have tried to pass road-funding plans but failed in the past two years, according to the American Road & Transportation Builders Association. Several others failed and then passed another plan.
Other states still are debating transportation plans.
In North Carolina, Gov. Pat McCrory has proposed a $2.85 billion bond package to fund 27 highway construction projects and 176 paving projects in 64 counties.
Jordan Marsh, associate director of the South Carolina Alliance To Fix Our Roads, said many of the states that have passed road funding packages are led by Republicans. They said it is in South Carolina's interest to pay attention to what its neighbors are doing with road funding since the state competes with them for business.
"We're falling behind," they said.
Read or Share this story: http://grnol.co/1IcBWj8
Temple is having one of the best seasons in program history, and that has helped spark conversations (and debates) about a stadium plan that has lingered for years. In a column in The Philadelphia Inquirer, Temple president Neil Theobald says a stadium is the next logical step for the Temple program and university.
“While we are proud of our team's success and the national spotlight it provides, discussions about bringing football home to Main Campus suggest that we are further along in this process than we are,” Theobald said in their column. “We are at the beginning of this process — fund-raising to date suggests the idea is financially feasible, but Temple's Board of Trustees has not even authorized the hiring of an architect. Central to our decision-making will be conversations with the North Philadelphia community. Those conversations are just beginning.”
“We have a dynamic young coach [Matt Rhule] who wants to stay at Temple and build a national program,” Theobald goes on to explain. “A new on-campus football stadium is a logical next step not only for football, but — in my view — for one of the nation's leading urban research universities, located in one the nation's great cities.”
With regard to Rhule, the Temple coach is one of the trendy upcoming names in college football coaching. Rhule has done well in continuing the work done by their predecessors on the staff and says all the right things about building the Temple program. However, they will likely receive plenty of phone calls if things continue to go well and you just never know when an opportunity too good to pass up will come along. This is a reality for anumber of Group of Five programs, and Temple knows that after losing its last two coaches to power conference coaching opportunities in the ACC. Theobald's comments about Rhule aside, the overall point is Temple has commited itself to funding the football program over the past decade more so than ever before, and the work has been evident in facility upgrades around the program. The stadium is a long-time nemesis though.
Temple has taken up residence in Lincoln Financial Field, home to the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles, since the stadium opened its doors in 2003. There was a time when the Eagles wanted to keep Temple out of the stadium and jack the rental fees for the university, but cooler heads have prevailed enough for Temple to feel at home in The Linc. Temple has played the role of extra resident in the Philadelphia sports complex since 1978, when the Owls moved from Temple Stadium to Veterans Stadium, a cookie-cutter multi-purpose stadium that was primarily known as the home of the Eagles and baseball's Philadelphia Phillies (and the USFL's Philadelphia Stars) until each major league franchise built brand new sport-specific stadiums. At times, Temple would play home games in historic Franklin Field at the University of Pennsylvania. Temple Stadium was torn down in the mid-1990s to make way for a church.
Playing games at Lincoln Financial Field has led to attendance concerns whenever Penn State or Notre Dame are not in town. The Owls sold out both home games against the Nittany Lions and Irish this season, but capacity issues are noticeable for other games. Playing in a stadium closer to Temple's campus without the travel hassle of riding the Broad Street line down to the sports complex and playing in a reduced capacity stadium could work well for Temple, if the financial commitment to the program remains in place as it has been in recent years, since the hiring of Al Golden.
As with any new stadium conversations, Temple faces a number of concerns before an on-campus facility can be constructed. Finances are always a concern, as Theobald acknowledges. Where to put it is another.
Follow @KevinOnCFB
In the future, pedestrians caught in a downpour might whip out a plastic stick that looks like a hairdryer crossed with a massage wand. This would be the "Air Umbrella," a prototypical device from China that blows rain away in a circle measuring 3 feet or more.
That's the vision of Chuan Wang and other university types in Beijing and Nanjing, who have waged a very successful Kickstarter campaign to fund their magical rain-rod. They've managed to slim their umbrella down to under 2 pounds with a battery charge of 15 to 30 minutes, and promise to ship weather-ready "Air Umbrellas" by the end of 2015.
Given the short battery life, they say the product will be "more suitable for the urban citizens or people who [have] a car." It allegedly works wonders on snow, although deploying it in a hailstorm is to ask for a bruised scalp. Bonus: Once inside a building, you could probably use it to style your mussed-up hair back in place.
ATHENS, GA - OCTOBER 1: Head Coach Butch Jones of the Tennessee Volunteers celebrates after the game against the Georgia Bulldogs at Sanford Stadium on October 1, 2016 in Athens, Georgia. (Photo by Scott Cunningham/Getty Images)
How does Tennessee Vols head coach Butch Jones stack up against other coaches from around the country in terms of wins over the last three years?
There aren't a lot of objective ways to look at the success, or lack of success, of a head coach. That's why it's been so hard for fans and media analysts to form a consensus on Tennessee Vols head coach Butch Jones.
But there is one thing, however, that we can look at objectively — wins. More specifically, quantity of wins.
I decided to take a look at how many wins the coaches from Power 5 schools have over the last three years. Obviously this only applies to coaches that have been at a school for at least three years.
Here's what I found. It's no surprise which coaches are at the top of the list.
1. Nick Saban (Alabama) — 40
2. Dabo Swinney (Clemson) — 38
3. Urban Meyer (Ohio State) — 37
4. Jimbo Fisher (Florida State) — 33
5. David Shaw (Stanford) — 30
6. Gary Patterson (TCU) — 28
6. Kyle Whittingham (Utah) — 28
7. Kirk Ferentz (Iowa) — 27
7. Mike Gundy (Oklahoma State) — 27
7. Chris Petersen (Washington) — 27
8. Bobby Petrino (Louisville) — 26
8. Mark Dantonio (Michigan State) — 26
9. Butch Jones (Tennessee) — 25
9. Dan Mullen (Mississippi State) — 25
9. James Franklin (Penn State) — 25
9. Larry Fedora (North Carolina) — 25
9. Dane Holgorsen (West Virginia) — 25
10. Kevin Sumlin (Texas A&M) — 24
10. Bill Snyder (Kansas State) — 24
11. Gus Malzahn (Auburn) — 23
11. Paul Johnson (Georgia Tech) — 23
12. Pat Fitzgerald (Northwestern) — 22
12. Bret Bielema (Arkansas) — 22
12. Dave Doeren (NC State) — 22
12. Jim Mora (UCLA) — 22
13. David Cutcliffe (Duke) — 21
13. Todd Graham (Arizona State) — 21
14. Rich Rodriguez (Arizona) — 20
14. Mike Leach (Washington State) — 20
15. Mark Stoops (Kentucky) — 17
15. Steve Addazio (Boston College) — 17
16. Kliff Kingsbury (Texas Tech) — 16
16. Mike MacIntyre (Colorado) — 16
17. Derek Mason (Vanderbilt) — 13
17. Dave Clawson (Wake Forest) — 13
So what do we learn from this?
Well I think we learn a couple of things. For one, Jones is pretty much in the middle. Which means, for now, he's basically average — at least in terms of wins.
But I think Jones has probably been a bit better than I thought. When I look at the names around him, Chris Petersen, Dan Mullen, James Franklin, Mark Dantonio, Larry Fedora, I don't think of any of those guys as coaches on the hot seat.
I think of those guys as coaches who field pretty solid teams year in and year out. Some years they exceed expectations, and other years they're down a little bit. I think that's pretty much where Tennessee is with Jones. The majority of programs in the country are basically in the same situation.
Out of all the coaches on this list, only four or five could be considered elite (I think David Shaw is on cusp of being elite….Jim Harbaugh is in the same territory as Shaw, in my opinion). That tells us that it's very, very rare to have a coach as successful as Nick Saban or Dabo Swinney. Which is why if you can find consistency, you should probably stick with it, unless you have the opportunity to hire Saban or Swinney.
And speaking of Swinney, if you discard their first (partial) year with Clemson in 2008, they won 25 games their next three seasons (2009-2011), the same as Jones in the same time span with Tennessee.
On the flip side, however, (and there's always a flip side) Swinney had never been a head coach before they were at Clemson. Jones had been a head coach for six years before they came to Knoxville. Of course on the other, other flip side, Jones and Swinney are close to the same age (if it's symmetry you crave, we'll find a way to create it). All of this could mean that Jones will find their groove at Tennessee and lead the Vols to a national championship, or it might mean absolutely nothing.
I think we need to give Jones some more time, to see if they can truly create something special. He's finally surrounding themselves with the best of the best when it comes to assistant coaches. Running a successful college football program can't happen without the proper support staff. Now that Jones has that, I'm excited to see what could happen next.
Abstract
This article discusses the role of historicity in the Mass Effect series of videogames. In a preliminary moment, I will attempt to identify the concepts that underline the franchise's notion of history. Subsequently, I will discuss ways to analyze such a portrayal from the point of view of its audience's response and its potential as a platform for historical reflection. Finally, I will compare Mass Effect's approach to history with that of the retro-futuristic Bioshock games as well as with the discussions about historical strategy games made by historians to determine convergences and dissonance in their employments of historical discourses. It will be argued that Mass Effect's choice-based narrative conditions its notion of history as an individually driven process whose changes are manifested in the short duration and that its hypothetical future is consonant with some of contemporaneity's anxieties about its place in history
A replica of the Eiffel Tower stands in Tianducheng, a real-estate development in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. The "ghost city" is the scene of a music video for the Jamie xx track "Gosh," directed by Romain Gavras.
A replica of the Eiffel Tower stands in Tianducheng, a real-estate development in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. The "ghost city" is the scene of a music video for the Jamie xx track "Gosh," directed by Romain Gavras. Photo: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
Visitors to any one of around 50 ghost cities in China will be struck by the scale of the uninhabited buildings and how quickly they fall into decay. Once in a while, they get a second life.
Filmmaker Romain Gavras used the eerily-vacant Tianducheng, or Tiandu city in Hangzhou, as the setting for a dramatic music video for British DJ Jamie xx's track “Gosh.”
Here is my new music video for JAMIE XX song "GOSH" please watch full screen with loud speakers or headphones https://t.co/fxTlwHG3kL — romain gavras (@ROMAIN_GAVRAS) July 1, 2016
Real-estate watchers in China would be familiar with the scenes of empty apartment buildings, cranes, high-tension cables, a replica of the Eiffel Tower and discolored sculptures and fountains designed to imitate Paris.
The five-minute video also showcases a man with albinism dressed in white sought after by hundreds of youths with bleached hair, who circle round them at the base of the rusty Eiffel Tower. To get there, they are driven in a blue Subaru Impreza through the muddy waters of a construction site accompanied by four other companions, also with albinism. Online music magazine Pitchfork said the video has a cast of 400 people and that it was shot without CGI or 3D effects.
Mr. Gavras, who has directed controversial music videos for artists like M.I.A., Kanye West and Jay-Z, said on their Twitter account, “please watch full screen with loud speakers or headphones.”
Some Chinese netizens reviewed it like a movie.
“The whole atmosphere was smoggy and resembled the devastation of the aftermath of a nuclear war in Haussmann-styled Paris,” said an online commentator in a Hangzhou-based forum, adding that the video shows “a futuristic world that is unchecked and dehumanized and that fits the soundtrack's robotic ‘oh my gosh' commands.”
“Foreigners may find it ceremonial, but Chinese people could find it very uncomfortable,” said another comment.
At least one person focused on the “ghost city” label. “It's not that ghostly anymore. In the first half of the year (Tianducheng) reached the top ranks of housing sales in the district,” said the comment. According to a report on PR Newswire, the developer sold 915 units in Tianducheng in 2015, ranking it number five in sales in Yuhang district in Hangzhou.
Tianducheng is a project that started in 2000, with a development schedule of ten years and built to house between 80,000 and 100,000 people. According to local media reports, it's not completely empty, with some people living there now and hope for a boost from a planned subway line to be extended to that area.
-- Esther Fung; @estherfung
CLOSE The cinematographer for 'Mr. Turner' made international news after Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science President Cheryl Boone Isaacs mispronounced their name during the nominations, calling them "Dick Poop." VPC
Dick Pope attends the nominations launch for the British Independent Film Awards at St. Martins Lane Hotel on Nov. 3, 2014. (Photo: Tim P. Whitby, Getty Images)
Dick Pope is not going to let an already infamous name miscue detract from their Oscar nomination celebration.
The cinematographer for Mr. Turner made international news after Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science President Cheryl Boone Isaacs mispronounced their name during the nominations, calling them "Dick Poop."
They quickly corrected herself, but Twitter exploded with the news.
Pope took it all in stride, speaking to USA TODAY over the phone from London.
"You know what, I have been called a lot worse in my time," said Pope. "I don't think twice about anything like that. I am happy to be nominated."
The filmmaker didn't watch the nominations. They were in London's Tate Gallery, getting a private tour of J.M.W. Turner's portraits, the subject of the film directed by Mike Leigh.
"I was there amid all the work that we evoked in the film," said Pope. "And I was there when my phone started ringing. I came out and I was told the news."
While elated for the nomination, they also immediately heard the news about the name miscue.
"You don't need to explain it to me. I have had it explained one hundred times," said Pope. "I feel sorry for the lady who made the mispronunciation."
Nor was they impressed about the fact they were trending on Twitter.
"I have never been on Twitter and I don't know what trending means. I am completely naive," said Pope. "All I know is that I have a lot of e-mails here saying I am trending on Twitter. They might as well be saying I am landing on the moon, as far as I am concerned."
Pope said they planned on celebrating the nomination by attending the screening of their new film, Legend, about the Kray Brothers crime family in London, starring Tom Hardy.
Most importantly, they said the nomination was a big success for the team behind the Mr. Turner film.
"We're all very happy. It's wonderful news. But I represent a whole company and the whole film," said Pope. "I represent the people who work on it. We are all very pleased. Delighted."
It'll be a return trip to the Oscar ceremony for Pope: They received an Academy Award nomination for the 2006 film The Illusionist.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1IOoZtN
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Three industry groups representing U.S. grain and ethanol producers urged the White House and U.S. trade officials this week to prioritize industry complaints against China over import duties on U.S. ethanol and distiller's dried grains (DDGS) animal feed.
China last month increased punitive tariffs on imports of U.S. DDGS and ethanol, leading to the cancellation of several shipments from the United States. China has in recent years become a top importer of both products.
The Renewable Fuels Association, Growth Energy and the U.S. Grains Council, in a letter dated Feb. 7 that was released to the media, called China's higher tariffs “protectionist trade barriers” that have harmed U.S. producers.
“China's recent actions are significantly injuring U.S. ethanol producers and farmers, and undermining the substantial investments our industries have made in developing a cooperative and mutually beneficial trade relationship with China,” the groups wrote.
“We respectfully request that your Administration, and specifically the incoming U.S. Trade Representative, place the Chinese government's injurious trade barriers against U.S. ethanol and DDGS near the top your China trade agenda.” they wrote.
The letter was among the most strongly worded official communications from the agriculture industry since the president took office last month.
When the administration officially backed out of the TPP trade agreement and vowed to renegotiate NAFTA, two deals hugely beneficial for U.S. agriculture, farmer groups and agriculture companies wrote to highlight past trade successes and to pledge assistance in working with the White House on better deals in the future.
Jon Gabriel (a.k.a., @ExJon on Twitter) is the Editor-in-Chief of Ricochet.  They are a political writer and marketing consultant, contributing articles to The Wall Street Journal, The New York Post, and USA Today among others. Until 2012, they served as Director of Marketing for the free-market Goldwater Institute, where they converted policy initiatives into compelling stories. In the private sector, Jon led marketing efforts for Cold Stone Creamery, Honeywell, and several technology companies. In his… [more]
‘Tis the season of political ads. About 47 percent of them are uninspired and another 52 percent are downright embarrassing. This cycle, the remaining one percent belong to Senator Ted Cruz. Today their campaign revealed a pitch-perfect parody of the printer scene from Office Space, which itself is a parody of gangster movies:
Earlier this week, they focused on the GOP frontrunner with a spot explaining Trump's personal and policy failures in an entertaining way:
Go back a month to when Cruz highlighted their endorsement by another popular reality star, who is beloved by evangelicals:
And the ad that started Cruz's media winning streak recast border enforcement not with fear or racial appeals, but with empathy for Americans facing lost jobs and stagnant wages:
Most political ads have me lurching for the remote. But instead of changing channels, with Cruz's ads I just want to hit “replay.” Which is your favorite, and have any of the other candidates approached this level of innovation in their spots?
Recently Italy's Milano Fiera trade fair facility announced that it will soon be getting a major eco update in the form of the world's largest solar rooftop solar array! The massive photovoltaic system will cover 2.9 million sq ft of the roof, and carry a peak capacity of 18 megawatts. Due for completion next year, the project stands to will snag the world title from Zaragoza, Spain's General Motor's factory, which currently holds the record for largest rooftop solar plant at 12 megawatts.
With the World Expo 2015 on the way, Milan is kicking its architectural endeavors up into high gear with a number of new major developments and revitalization projects. The city has already enlisted high profile names such as Zaha Hadid, Norman Foster, Arata Isozaki, and Daniel Libeskind.
The Milano Fiera opened in 2005 is one of the principal trade complexes in Europe, housing eight large pavilions for indoor exhibitions with a surface area of over 3.7 million sq ft and outdoor exhibition spaces totalling 645,000 sq ft. Inhabitat readers will be familiar with the convention center as the annual location for the Milan Furniture Fair.
While no definite start date has been set for construction of the solar array, bids have already been submitted, and the array is anticipated to be completed by the end of 2010. Capital costs for the system have been estimated to be between $97-111 million, which will be paid by the developer in exchange for the rights to market and sell the electricity produced. After 20 years, the Milan Trade Fair will take control of the system.
No one knows how much of the power will be directed to the Fiera itself, but we're excited to hear about another large scale building giving back some power to the grid!
Via Treehugger
Ofcom's latest update on power-line networking is "dismissive", "inaccurate" and "fails to respond to complaints" according to the Radio Society, who just won't let the matter lie.
Ofcom recently updated its position on power-line networking, an update that focuses on how much the regulator is doing to address a tiny problem experienced by only a few people. However, that approach has riled the Radio Society of Great Britain, whose own complaint about the matter has been roundly ignored by the regulator.
The issue is interference generated by power-line networking kit, specifically Comtrend boxes supplied as part of BT's Vision service. Comtrend and Ofcom reckon the kit has passed the appropriate EU certifications, whereas the Radio Society contends that the Comtrend boxes only passed a draft version of one specification and fail to conform to another entirely. This would theoretically mean they cannot legally be supplied in the UK - regardless of any generated interference.
It's certainly true that the problem doesn't affect a lot of people: Ofcom reckons it's only received 143 complaints - all of which came from radio amateurs - of which 104 have been resolved. Ofcom's statement also rather snootily observes that other users in the same band, such as the MOD and long range oceanic communications, haven't complained at all.
That could be down to the lack of military and maritime activity that takes place near the houses of BT Vision customers, or perhaps because Ham Radio operators work at much lower tolerances than most radio users. Whatever the reason, the clear inference from Ofcom is that the Ham Radio crowd likes making trouble.
The regulator does admit that power-line kit can generate interference, but claims that can be attributed to "the manner in which it is installed or operated", and that it will be examining the issue further by working with the Radio Society.
The Radio Society is pleased to hear it will be involved, but would have appreciated some sort of notice. The Society would also like a response to the letter it sent to Ofcom in July explaining, at some length (pdf), exactly how the Comtrend boxes don't even pretend to have passed proper certification and exceed legally-required emission levels.
The problem may not be affecting a lot of people, but if the equipment doesn't conform to the required standards then it might seem that even one complaint should be enough to stop it being sold. If not, then it would seem pointless having the standards in the first place.
Or perhaps such standards only apply to small companies when their products impact lots of people, while large companies upsetting small groups of people can safely ignore the rules. ®
Floyd Mayweather Going to Trump Inauguration 'Hopefully, He'll be a Good Prez!'
Floyd Mayweather's Going to Trump Inauguration
EXCLUSIVE
Floyd Mayweather says he'll be right in the middle of the action for Donald Trump's inauguration in D.C. next week ... telling TMZ Sports he's already got their tuxedo picked out!
Turns out, Mayweather's been friends with Trump for a while -- and says they really appreciated the support they got from Donald during the Manny Pacquiao fight.
Mayweather wouldn't say if he's a democrat or a republican -- but praised both Obama and Trump.
"Barack Obama was a good president and hopefully, Donald Trump is a good president."
Mayweather also has a message for people concerned about Trump's presidency -- "We don't know what can happen in life. Only thing we can do is keep our fingers crossed, pray and hope for the best."
The United States government has responded to Senate pressure by pledging that it is going to offer its “largest ever” military aid package to Israel.
“We are prepared to sign an MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) with Israel that would constitute the largest single pledge of military assistance to any country in US history,” Reuters quoted a White House official as saying on Tuesday.
The statement came in response to a bipartisan letter by 83 US senators to President Barack Obama, urging them to address Israeli demands for more military assistance.
"In light of Israel's dramatically rising defense challenges, we stand ready to support a substantially enhanced new long-term agreement to help provide Israel the resources it requires to defend itself and preserve its qualitative military edge," said the letter which stopped short of suggesting a specific figure.
The lawmakers were led by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and Democratic Senator Chris Coon. Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who is a 2016 presidential candidate, was among the 51 Republican lawmakers who signed the letter.
However, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, who is challenging former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the presidential race, refused to be one of the 32 Democrats on board.
The US and Israel have been engaged in intense negotiations in recent months to outline US military aid to Israel for the next 10 years.
Washington has been providing the Israeli regime with $3.1 billion annually since a 2007 agreement with the George W. Bush administration.
Tel Aviv has indicated that it wants $4 billion to $4.5 billion in aid as part of a new agreement that will go into effect from 2018, but the US officials have offered a lower figure of about $3.7 billion.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is seeking to finalize the deal with Obama before the end of their presidency, fearing that their successor would take a different position on the matter.
Israel is the largest cumulative recipient of US foreign assistance since World War II. US military assistance to Israel has amounted to $124.3 billion since it began in 1962, according to a recent congressional report.
London, Dec 10: Scientists have found that the skin is capable of communicating with the liver, a surprising discovery that may advance the understanding of how skin diseases affect the rest of the body.
Researchers from the University of Southern Denmark, in experiments with laboratory mice, discovered that the skin, which is the body's largest organ, can "talk" to the liver.
"We have showed that the skin affects the metabolism in the liver, and that is quite a surprise," said researcher Susanne Mandrup and Ditte Neess, former student in the Mandrup research group and now laboratory manager in Professor Nils Faergeman's group at the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
Researchers worked with so-called knock-out mice, in which a specific fat binding protein called acyl CoA binding protein has been removed (knocked out).
Some knock-out mice produced by the researchers had a strange greasy fur, and they had difficulties being weaned from their mother. Analyses also showed that the mice accumulated fat in the liver at weaning.
"At first we thought that the fat accumulation in the liver was linked with the fact that the gene was missing in the liver of the knock-out mice. But this was ruled out by a series of studies, and we had to find another explanation," said Neess.
They and their colleagues took another look at the rumpled and weak knock-out mice. Their fur was greasy, and they had a leaky skin from which they lost more water than normal mice.
"When they lose water, they also lose heat. We therefore asked ourselves whether this water and heat loss could be the reason why the mice accumulated fat in the liver and became weak when weaned from their mother," said Neess.
To clarify this, the researchers made some mice that lacked the fat binding protein only in the skin. Similar to the full knockouts these mice had difficulties after weaning and accumulated fat in the liver.
This showed that lack of the fat-binding protein in the skin was sufficient to induce accumulation of fat in liver.
To get to the bottom of how a defect in the skin 'talks' to the liver, the researchers decided to cover the mice with vaseline. This would prevent water evaporating from the skin and thus stopping the heat loss.
As a result the fat accumulation in the liver disappeared. But as vaseline contains fat, that could theoretically be absorbed by the skin or ingested by the mice, the researchers were a little unsure if there were side effects from the vaseline.
A student proposed to cover the mice with liquid latex.
Having covered the mice in blue latex the researchers saw that fat accumulation in the liver again disappeared.
Bus "failure" quote [ edit ]
A man who, beyond the age of 26, finds themselves on a bus can count themselves as a failure.
This is almost certainly apocryphal. It has been attributed to Thatcher on numerous occasions, but: ***http://www.snopes.com/politics/quotes/thatcher.asp 1) There is no definitive source for the quote
2) There is some disagreement on the exact phrasing, and even on the age given (some sources say 30 rather than 26)
3) The quote has been attributed to people other than Thatcher
Basically, I don't buy it. If Thatcher had actually uttered this howler in a public speech, the Labour Party and the likes of the Daily Mirror would have absolutely decimated them There's absolutely no way something so spectacularly snobbish and offensive would ever have passed without comment. 217.155.20.163 19:41, 24 September 2006 (UTC)
Further to the above, here's a Guardian article questioning the veracity of the above quote. 217.155.20.163 20:16, 24 September 2006 (UTC)
The Economist on 30 September this year remarked that "Margaret Thatcher is reputed to have said [it] in 1986". However, Mrs Thatcher is unusual in that all their public utterances have been transcribed and put on CD-Rom and I am fairly sure it is not on there. It is always possible that they said it at a private meeting (say, for example, meeting Conservative MPs worried about the policy of bus privatisation). Sometimes the age is set at 30, not 26. However, the fact that many people attribute this to them means it should not be removed from the article. Even Brian Souter, the Stagecoach boss, attributed it to them in 1998 (Times reference available on request). Keep it in the 'attributed' section with a note that it is apocryphal and unverified, and may be made up. Fys. “Ta fys aym”. 13:40, 19 October 2006 (UTC)
Further to that, a letter to the Daily Telegraph draws attention to the likely source. Have explained on the page. Fys. “Ta fys aym”. 11:19, 2 November 2006 (UTC)
The letter to the Daily Telegraph disputing the attribution to Mrs Thatcher is attributed to Alistair Cooke and dated November 2006 but they died in 2004. Is this an error or is it a different Alistair Cooke? Dudley Miles 14 March 2007.
There is an historian with the same name, so maybe it is him.--Johnbull 00:00, 15 March 2007 (UTC)
The Alistair Cooke who wrote to the Daily Telegraph sometimes signed themselves "Alistair B. Cooke" to make the distinction - they were at the Conservative Research Department for many years and is the party's official historian, IIRC.  They are no relation of the American epistolarian. Fys. “Ta fys aym”. 00:06, 15 March 2007 (UTC)
Or look for the source: Commons debates, 2003-07-02, col 407. Everything said in the two Houses in Parliament is recorded.
The problem with socialism [ edit ]
A quote attributed to Margaret Thatcher goes along the lines of
"The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money [to spend]."
or
"Eventually, Socialists run out of other peoples' money [to spend]."
There are a number of similar almost-quotes to be found on the Web, but I haven't found any authoritative sources. They may, in fact, have made the statement in various forms at different times. QuicksilverT @ 15:44, 9 December 2008 (UTC)
Update: Margaret Thatcher, in a TV interview for Thames TV This Week [[1]]on Feb. 5, 1976, Prime Minister Thatcher said, "...and Socialist governments traditionally do make a financial mess. They [socialists] always run out of other people's money. It's quite a characteristic of them."
The quote was also said, multiple times in parliament during question time. TMLutas (talk) 16:31, 6 November 2017 (UTC)
Unsourced [ edit ]
These require citations to adequate sources before being placed into the main article.
Wikiquote no longer allows unsourced quotations, and they are in process of being removed from our pages (see Wikiquote:Limits on quotations); but if you can provide a reliable and precise source for any quote on this list please move it to Margaret Thatcher. --Antiquary 18:13, 21 February 2009 (UTC)
Every Prime Minister needs a Willie. Referring to their Deputy Prime Minister William Whitelaw, and quoted in The Economist.
If my critics saw me walking over the Thames they would say it was because I couldn't swim.
If you want something said, ask a man. If you want something done, ask a woman.
It's a funny old world. Opening remarks to the Cabinet on 22 November 1990, announcing their decision to withdraw from the Conservative leadership contest.
Look at a day when you are supremely satisfied at the end. It's not a day when you lounge around doing nothing; it's when you've had everything to do, and you've done it.
Of course it's the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.
Of course, people tell me that I shouldn't gloat. Well, I am gloating. On their victory over the Miner's strike.
One only gets to the top rung of the ladder by steadily climbing up one at a time, and suddenly all sorts of powers, all sorts of abilities which you thought never belonged to you— suddenly become within your own possibility and you think, "Well, I'll have a go, too." Source: http://www.margaretthatcher.org/document/106517 Speech receiving International Women's Forum Award - November 15, 1986.
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there are tons of room at the top.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides.
To me, consensus seems to be the process of abandoning all beliefs, principles, values and policies. So it is something in which no one believes and to which no one objects.
If you just set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
We were told our campaign wasn't sufficiently slick. We regard that as a compliment.
When you've spent half your political life dealing with humdrum issues like the environment, it's exciting to have a real crisis on your hands. (On the Falklands conflict.)
You don't tell deliberate lies, but sometimes you have to be evasive.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
I think Essex Man will vote for a Conservative Government. (April 1982) [2] <— DEAD LINK with no clear citation to early sourcing — and I can find no reliable attribution of this anywhere at this point — Kalki 2016·10·11
Quotes about Thatcher (unsourced) [ edit ]
The Prime Minister, shortly after they came into office, received the sobriquet as the "Iron Lady". It arose in the context of remarks which they made about defence against the Soviet Union and its allies; but there was no reason to suppose that the right hon. Lady did not welcome and, indeed, take pride in that description. In the next week or two in this House, the nation and the right hon. Lady themselves will learn of what metal they are made. Enoch Powell to Mrs. Thatcher after the Falkland Islands had been invaded by Argentina (3 April, 1982).
Pétain in petticoats. Denis Healey.
A pity they did not understand them! Enoch Powell on Mrs Thatcher's adoption of monetarist economic policies.
Don't think of them as a politician. Think of them as a one-woman revolution – a hurricane in human form. Andrew Marr's History of Modern Britain episode 4: revolution
I love it when they became Lady Thatcher because it made them sound like a feminine pubic hair removal device. Jo Brand
- This Jo Brand one is from an episode of QI. Can't remember exactly which one though. - Burwellian (talk) 18:34, 8 May 2017 (UTC)
Beaten the Germans twice at their national game in the 20th century? [ edit ]
What about the 1990 quote attributed to Mrs. Thatcher, who upon being told that Germany had defeated England at football, or soccer, (which they did, of course) had allegedly replied, "They may have beat us at our national game, but we beat them twice at their national game in the 20th century.? --Matthead 22:03, 16 July 2009 (UTC)
This quote originally appeared, in slightly different form, in an English newspaper on the morning of the 1966 World Cup Final. In this report it is attributed to Vincent Mulchrone of the Daily Mail.
The remark is repeated whenever there is a football match between England and Germany. It is doubtful Margaret Thatcher ever said it in public.
The second verse of the Pink Floyd song Pigs is not about Margaret Thatcher, as some have suggested, but Mary Whitehouse, the TV campaigner. A simple reading of the lyrics would reveal as much, as the verse starts "Hey you, Whitehouse!"
The foregoing comment by 94.169.174.225 (dif) has been moved here from the Quotes about Thatcher section of the article. ~ Ningauble 12:58, 23 July 2010 (UTC)
The third verse is about Whitehouse, the second verse is about Thatcher.
Feminism did nothing [ edit ]
I found claims about Thatcher making a statement regarding feminism from an article by Rachael Marsden:
It says:
"Thatcher themselves acknowledged that feminism did nothing for her"
This is clearly paraphrasing if it is based on something Thatcher actually said. I'm not sure about this though, if it is true or not. I have not been able to locate them saying something like 'Feminism did nothing for me' and I am not sure where to begin looking for it.
If they said something like this, I think it would be relevant to include it on the page.
If they did not, should we perhaps include a list of attributed quotes (paraphrased or not) which are not confirmed? Etym (talk) 08:21, 10 December 2012 (UTC)
There is an article in the Spectator where Paul Johnson on 12 March 2011 says:
They said to me: ‘The feminists hate me, don't they? And I don't blame them. For I hate feminism. It is poison.'
Here is the link: [3] —This unsigned comment is by 86.150.178.135 (talk • contribs) .
Thanks, I added it here. Cheers, DanielTom (talk) 15:04, 10 April 2013 (UTC)
Inappropriate or insufficiently iconic photo [ edit ]
Can we replace that silly photo with something more befitting of the image they had when in power?
Thatcher quote misattributed to Edward Gibbon [ edit ]
I have seen a quote frequently attributed to Edward Gibbon about freedom and Athens. I mentioned it in more detail on their Talk page: http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Talk:Edward_Gibbon
I'm wondering if it's worth posting the quote here, instead. It came from a lecture Thatcher gave at Hillsdale College in 1994, an edited version of which was published in Hillsdale's Imprimus magazine: http://imprimis.hillsdale.edu/file/archives/pdf/1995_03_Imprimis.pdf
Not sure if it counts as something worth putting on their page, since it's really just a paraphrase of Gibbon. But it might be nice to have up there to set the record straight. --19:45, 27 December 2013 (UTC)
The "Athens" quote is misattributed to Gibbon, and Thatcher was wrong if they attributed it to him. It's actually a paraphrasing of something written by classicist and educator Edith Hamilton. A nice discussion of the matter is HERE. I agree that the quotation can be attributed to Thatcher, as long as it includes the information that they were misattributing the sense of it to Gibbon when it was really from Hamilton. - Embram (talk) 12:35, 14 February 2014 (UTC)
Gratuitous slanders about Thatcher and Reagan – appropriate here? [ edit ]
Is there any limitation on the kinds and sources of "Quotes about Thatcher" that are appropriate for the main page? If there is no limitation, there is also no limit to the amount of hate-filled invective in the "quotations about" section for any well-known controversial person that could end up in Wikiquote. See, for example, the quotation (added this month) comparing Thatcher and Reagan with Adolf Hitler, supposedly from the liner notes of a rock album. Furthermore, the source for this quotation is listed as the liner notes of a rock album published in 2007, but the rock album mentioned is Black Snake Diamond Role, which was actually released in May 1981. - Embram (talk) 06:08, 21 June 2015 (UTC)
There are limitations expressed at Wikiquote:Quotability. Yes, public figures are subject to gratuitous invective all the time. Most of it is too banal to be considered quoteworthy. Comparisons with Hitler are ubiquitous: there is nothing remotely original, witty, pithy, wise, eloquent, or poignant about it. Unremarkable remarks like this have no place in a compendium of notable quotations. (This is not about defending Thatcher from their detractors, of whom I am one, it is about defending Wikiquote from banality.) ~ Ningauble (talk) 14:21, 21 June 2015 (UTC) So is it the consensus they may be removed? - Embram (talk) 20:29, 13 July 2015 (UTC)
Being powerful [ edit ]
There is a quote floating all over the internet that is attributed to Ms. Thatcher that goes: "Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell someone you are then you're not."
I like the quote, but I have yet to find a reliable source for it, so I figured I'd ask here. Is there any indication that Thatcher said this? If not does anyone know the actual origin? Thanks
When Kamasylvia Part 1 was updated in Black Desert Online KR, the most popular grind spot was definitely Navarn Steppe. Players like to party up and clear out the area for EXP. Feather Wolves, the monsters in Navarn Steppe, give a relatively large amount of EXP compared to other grind spots.
Unlike Aakman and Hystria, you don't need the best gear to grind in Navarn Steppe. You can also grind more stably in Navarn Steppe while getting more EXP. Adding to the area's efficiency, the location is close to Old Wisdom Tree, the first village you will encounter in Kamasylvia Part 1.
Although it's not a spot for a large amount of silver, you will get about 20,000,000 silver (as a 230 AP Witch) per hour, so there are plenty of reasons why you should grind in Navarn Steppe.
▲ Feather Wolves are usually grouped together.
◆ Things to get before joining a Feather Wolf Party
There are a few things you should get before you start grinding Feather Wolves. First, you have to be at least level 58-59. You also need at least 220 AP and 250 to 270 DP in order to grind safely in the area.
The things you need to have in your inventory are: Milk Tea and EXP Elixir for more EXP, and Elixir of Fury/Will for stronger attacks. It's also good to have some Elixir of Swiftness since you have to move along a long grinding route.
Movement Speed Crystals for Shoes are recommended. Alternatively, you can use Adamantine Crystals to increase Knock Down/Floating Resistance. For Gloves, use Intimidation to increase Knock Down/Bound Resistance.
▲ Your priority is to level up. Make sure you have these two!
◆ At the center of Kamasylvia, the southwest of Navarn Steppe
Navarn Steppe is located at the center of the Kamasylvia Part 1 region and is a vast area where animal-type monsters live. Head straight to the southwest from Lemoria Guard Post to reach the area. It's close to the village Old Wisdom Tree.
The spot with the highest Feather Wolves population is the corner at 7 o'clock. Feather Wolves are usually grouped together in the region marked with red dots in the map below, so that is where players tend to party grind. Players usually move along a circular route while grinding. If there are enough members/total AP and Feather Wolves die too quickly, move along a bigger circle.
For maximum efficiency, ignore other monsters like Phnyl, Black Leopard, Belladona Elephant, Ferrica, or Ferrina. Be extra careful not to pull Black Leopard and Griffon toward your party, as the monsters are stronger than other monsters and might put everyone in danger.
A safe parking spot is marked with a yellow dot in the map below. You should park your horse in the forest across Navarn Steppe. If you park your horse in the middle of the path in between them, Feather Wolves might see your horse and attack.
▲ Navarn Steppe is located at the center of the Kamasylvia Part 1 region.
▲ Going from Lemoria Guard Post to Navarn Steppe.
▲ Follow the smaller circular route if your party doesn't have enough players/total AP. Follow the bigger one if you have enough players/total AP.
▲ Pull ungrouped Feather Wolves towards you.
▲ Park your horse in the left side of this forest trail.
◆ Efficient EXP farming and stable active income
You will get about 2% EXP at level 59 without any food or elixir buffs, which is a pretty impressive amount. You will get even more EXP if you use Milk Tea and EXP Elixir.
The most common lootable item you get from Feather Wolves is Feather Wolf Tail. Each Feather Wolf Tail costs 3000 silver, and weighs 0.1LT. You can get 5500 to 6000 Feather Wolf Tails per hour (as a 230 AP Witch), which equals 16,500,000 to 18,000,000 silver.
Earth Spirit Stone Fragments are another common lootable item. Earth Spirit Stone Fragment is a material used in making Pure Forest Breath, but you can sell the item to NPC shops if you don't need any Pure Forest Breath. One Earth Spirit Stone Fragment costs 50,000 silver. Other lootable items include Blue and Green Life Spirit Stone and Destruction Spirit Stone, and you can also loot Pure Forest Breath by low chance.
The total income per hour will be over 20 million, and the income will increase as your AP and your pet's tier go up.
◆ Items you get from grinding Feather Wolves & their prices
◆ Go to Old Wisdom Tree to organize your inventory
You can organize your inventory in Old Wisdom Tree, a village located almost right next to Navarn Steppe.
You can sell Feather Wolf Tail and Earth Spirit Stone Fragments to NPC shops, and sell the two Spirit Stones in the Marketplace. There is no Marketplace in Old Wisdom Tree, so put them in the Storage first and transport them to Calpheon or any other big city.
The Storage Keeper is inside the Wisdom Tree, at the left side. Potion vendor is on the staircase going to the second floor, and you can repair your gear at the Blacksmith below the Wisdom Tree.
▲ Lumen the Storage Keeper is in the first floor of Old Wisdom Tree.
▲ Rileysaman the general goods vendor
Let's get this out in the open so we are all on the level:
Beer has a freshness problem.
There is no skipping around this point. It reared its head this week with this post on Beer Is Your Friend, touching on the hypocrisy of some US brewers building their brand on freshness with a hardline, refund friendly, stance on anything older than 90 days in their home market; while softening that for export markets. Here, that 90 days blows out to 12 months. A necessity of doing business in this market? Sure. Hypocrisy? By definition, yes.
They are easy to single out because of their marketing and transperancy in the US. As some commenters pointed out in subsequent discussion on the issue, they are still ahead of Australia for simply having bottling or best before dates on their packaging.
I couldn't agree more. In Australia bottling or canning dates are usually nowhere to be found and every time you splash your cash on a new beer you are taking a risk. The result is a lot of old beer in literally any shop that sells beer.
Whether it's driven by consumers cherry picking and ticking, or market saturation; it's an issue that occurs from the top down in every country. Old stock is pushed out from warehouses and into bars and shops. Where it sits – sometimes at room temperature – for an indefinite amount of time.
The 90 day mark, for me, is even too generous and I'm wary of finding anything older than a month when buying IPA. After spending untold amounts on beer over the years, and being disappointed regularly while almost-literally pouring money down the drain, my own purchasing habits are clouded by “do I know how long that has been sitting there?” and if I don't, I will buy something else.
The biggest question in this whole kerfuffle is how does the industry fix it? The answer is: they probably don't. At least not immediately anyway. Since beer became industrialised the model is all about volume. Shipping volume, storing volume and selling volume. Pasteurising and fine-tuning the industrial product led to it being stable for long periods.
Now the industry is shifting towards more delicate, unpasteurised and less stable product but still trying to work on the industrial distribution model. The result is everyone is selling and drinking old beer. It's inevitable. No matter how hard you try and avoid it, you will end up with something in poor condition sooner rather later.
The best thing I see happening, and the only solution that I can really see, is the slow move to more taprooms. While I don't trust a lot of the beer in the bottle-stores I pass on the way to my local brewery, I know that the beer I'm getting out of the taps is the freshest it could possibly be. On a recent visit to one, the brewer apologised profusely for the age of their three week old beer. The next glass I had was kegged that morning. I'm not sure I could find that same product in any store that was just as fresh, and given they don't date their packaging, I would have no way of knowing.
And how about the two breweries that were the centre of debate here in Australia? How do Sierra Nevada and Stone's product actually hold up in the local distribution channels, given the public shaming by me, and others?
Well Sierra Nevada are the only US beer that I will 100% back regardless of age. The work they do to keep oxygen out of their process is incredible and it results in their beer being probably (in my opinion at least) the most stable hop forward beer on shelves anywhere. If there was a hoppy US import that I would recommend gladly to anyone, it would be the beers from Sierra Nevada.
And Stone? Well a reader sent me this note the other week. They sent it through just out of interest and I had been meaning to highlight it on a podcast. I figure now is the perfect time:
Not sure if you knew but there was an infected batch of Stone Go To IPA circulating Aus a while back. Johnny at Experience It offered replacements and recently sent them out in the mail. I'd bought a 6 pack, and in return Johnny sent ; 2 x 6 packs of goes To IPA 1 x 6 pack of assorted Nomad cans 1 x Arrogant Bastard 475ml can 1 x Wussie pilsner 475ml can 3 x Stone IPA cans 1 x Stone glass 1 x Stone baseball cap A ton of stickers A signed, personally addressed apology letter It cost >$50 just to send my package, plus there were plenty more for others. I know Stone would have covered costs but still.. Safe to say I'm stunned and told Johnny how appreciative I was. Just feel I need to share a good story. They deserve the spotlight for awesome over and above customer care. I was just wary about posting specifics in public as I'd hate to see them get swamped by BS complaints in the hope of free shit. I'll leave it with you though, you'd know better than me. I made sure to let Stone and Yeastie Boys know how happy I was with their Aus importer
While I don't have answers on how we resolve the issue of beers staling on Australian shelves, that's a bloody good start.
CLOSE Democratic presidential candidate Martin O'Malley faced a tough question from CNN's Chris Cuomo during a town hall. VPC
Buy Photo Presidential hopeful, Martin O'Malley on stage during the Democratic Presidential Town Hall forum in Sheslow Auditorium on the Drake University campus Monday evening, Jan. 25, 2016. (Photo: Kelsey Kremer/The Register)Buy Photo
The closing argument for presidential candidates isn't just about appealing to voters' brains on issues — it's also about reaching their emotions.
Monday's Democratic presidential town hall offered the last opportunity before the caucuses for the candidates to not only tout their agendas but to sell themselves as likeable human beings. The last chance while speaking from the same stage on national TV, anyway.
All three candidates struck a personal note from their first moments on stage.
Hillary Clinton, facing poll after poll that has questioned their likability and trustworthiness, came on stage then kissed the moderator, Chris Cuomo of CNN, on the cheek. That doesn't happen too often in presidential forums.
Clinton, Sanders square off on vision, experience
Clinton also joked with a young man who was “leaning” toward Bernie Sanders that they would help them up. They showed a bit — just a bit — of humility by admitting they could have acknowledged sooner that using a private email server wasn't the best choice, and that some of their now-public emails from their time as secretary of state were a little embarrassing.
Bernie Sanders, known for a cranky demeanor and an aversion to talking about their personal life, sat down on stage and immediately mentioned their wife, Jane. “My wife told me to button my coat but I'm getting too fat,” they said.
They talked about their athletic prowess, humble-bragging that their elementary school basketball team won the borough championship. “Hardly worth mentioning, but we did,” they said. They also seemed to be tightly constraining their emotions when they talked about their parents, saying they never could have believed it was possible that they could run for president.
MORE FROM TOWN HALL:
Martin O'Malley, in perhaps their best performance of all the nationally televised candidate events, got the audience cheering just by standing up and taking off their jacket. This format, a town hall with most of the questions from the audience at Drake University, played to their strengths as an engaging speaker with strong empathy for their audience.
O'Malley didn't have a likeability problem — their problem is that voters aren't convinced their electability. Their best moment of this forum was when they were asked what their supporters should do if the O'Malley campaign isn't viable in every caucus precinct. “My message to O'Malley supporters across the state is this: Hold strong at your caucus,” they said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
O'Malley's performance will persuade their supporters to do just that, but the fact remains that Clinton and Sanders are battling for the caucus win. Beyond the likability factor, both leading candidates did well at contrasting their strengths and positions against the other without resorting to cheap shots or personal attacks.
MORE CAUCUS COVERAGE:
Both also had some challenges. Sanders, defending their single-payer health care plan, uttered a made-for-attack-ad statement: “We will raise taxes. Yes, we will.” They went on to say their tax increases will be more than offset by savings on health insurance premiums, but that part won't make some GOP TV ad.
Clinton, asked why young voters don't seem enthusiastic about their candidacy, started well by expressing their pleasure that young voters were getting involved. Then, they blamed Republican attacks and suggested new voters can't see through them.
This campaign has been and will continue to be largely about issues and experience. But voters looking for some signs of humanity from these candidates saw glimmers from both of the poll leaders and a shining beacon from the underdog.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1VmFjJl
The Surprising Ease of Plain Text Accounting
June 12 2016
As a long time user of You Need A Budget I was a little dismayed that the next version would be a hosted service. I had tried similar services before (Mint, Buxfer, PocketSmith, etc) and never found the sacrifice of privacy worth it. All of them felt like they were solving problems I didn't have.
With YNAB 4 now unsupported, I started looking for alternatives. Would I finally surrender to Intuit and start using Quicken? Was a Google Docs spreadsheet enough to get me through? I experimented with GNU Cash for a bit and found it very powerful but somewhat difficult to use. A search for other open source tools randomly led me to ledger and my interest was peaked.
Here was a tool that let me store my data in a plain text file and let me control how and where I wanted to store it. I dove into using it and it made a great first impression. I could open a regular text file and add/edit transactions. It calculated my balance quickly and worked alongside other UNIX tools.
Transaction Entry
After switching over to ledger as of the first of the month, I quickly found 2 shortcomings. Typing transactions into an editor was easy but repetitive. After some Googling I found an interesting solution. A compatible project called hledger existed and offered some user friendly tools beyond what ledger did. Most interesting was a tool called hledger add .
hledger add combined the power of pattern matching (for transaction descriptions and accounts) with tab completion to make entering new transactions dead simple.
Reporting
The second roadblock I hit was reporting on the changes to my net worth from month to month. Doing this with a spreadsheet was tedious but straightforward. After skimming hledger 's manual, I found the balance command. balance by default simply reports the current balance for all your accounts.
On top of that simple report, hledger balance also exposes some custom reporting option. I was able to assemble a command hledger balance ^assets ^liab --depth 2 -M -H that broke down my net worth monthly by top level account.
Conclusion
If you sell anything online, whether physical goods or services, you're probably keenly aware of the 2-3% (plus $0.30) lost through transactional fees every time someone makes a purchase with their credit card. This fee rears its ugly head whether you use PayPal, Google Checkout, or Amazon Flexible Payment Service since those companies are largely just passing on the fees imposed on them by credit card companies.
Noca, a startup founded by ex-Visa employees, is attempting to virtually eliminate transaction fees by bypassing the credit card companies altogether with its own online payment service. Since $5 billion goes towards online transaction fees every year in the United States alone, and since online vendors have particularly slim profit margins, the company thinks that the near elimination of transaction fees would be a huge boon for online vendors. Concurrently, Noca seeks to provide consumers with a more rewarding and more secure purchasing experience, thereby making its service appealing to both actors involved in a transaction.
While Noca aims to eventually facilitate online payments for purchases of all sizes, it begins with a focus on micro-payments, and on micro-payments made through Facebook in particular. It has launched two Facebook applications to test its payments system out: OneClick Pay and HelpYourWorld.
The former provides a simple way to send money to friends. As you can see in the screenshot to the left, the idea is to send someone a digital check; you actually enter your routing and account numbers into the application instead of using a credit card. This poses a significant obstacle to adoption (who remembers these numbers or carries around a check in their pocket?). But the company insists that using checking information rather than credit card information increases security and reduces the chances of identity theft. Plus, Noca is working to provide functionality that would allow you to enter your online banking credentials in lieu of your checking information.
The latter Facebook application, HelpYourWorld, provides a good use case for Noca's micro-payment system. Since the application solicits $1-at-a-time donations for a series of causes, it benefits greatly from Noca's lack of transaction fees (especially the standard fixed one of $0.30). Noca hopes that many other Facebook applications with similar micro-payment needs will use its APIs to implement its payment service.
As for the benefits to the consumer, Noca promises to provide strong and flexible incentives through cash back schemes, frequent flier miles, and the ability to designate a part of your payment to a charity of choice. The company also insists that its service will be substantially easier to use than others like PayPal, and that consumers will gain access to a much more comprehensive transaction history than they would get elsewhere.
In the longer term, Noca will become much more like a credit card company itself, providing credit to users through direct partnerships with banks. In doing so, it will be able to provide users with the same benefits of buying things on credit without charging vendors standard transaction fees, which it considers mostly oligopolistic fat. To make money, Noca will also attempt to leverage its user data to target them with tailored advertising and product deals.
At the end of August, the U.S. Department of Agriculture bought 11 million pounds of cheese—that's a cheese cube for every man, woman, and child in America—in order to bail out the nation's feckless cheesemongers.
Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack touted the aid package, worth $20 million, as a win-win: "This commodity purchase is part of a robust, comprehensive safety net that will help reduce a cheese surplus that is at a 30-year high while, at the same time, moving a high-protein food to the tables of those most in need." (Most of the federal government's new stockpile will go to food banks.)
This bailout of Big Cheese came on top of an $11.2 million infusion earlier in the month to dairy farmers enrolled in a 2014 federal financial aid scheme. The deal comes after months of lobbying by the National Farmers Union, the American Farm Bureau, and the National Milk Producers Federation, who were too antsy to wait for their next big cash cow to come ambling in with the farm bill.
The same week, Sen. Chuck Grassley (R–Iowa) wrote a letter to the pharmaceutical company Mylan, demanding an explanation for why EpiPens, the epinephrine auto-injectors that severely allergic people carry in case of an emergency, have quadrupled in price since 2007. Grassley cited constituents paying $500 to fill their prescriptions.
Hillary Clinton issued a statement about the price increases as well: "Since there is no apparent justification in this case, I am calling on Mylan to immediately reduce the price of EpiPens." Donald Trump used the occasion to score points, tweeting out a story about hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations to the Clinton Foundation from the disgraced company. Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D–Minn.) echoed Clinton's sentiment in a letter to the Federal Trade Commission: Lamenting that "antitrust laws do not prohibit price gouging," they asked the regulatory body to look into whether Mylan has used "unreasonable restraints of trade" to keep prices high.
The summer's cheese bailout and EpiPen price scandal are ideological Rorschach blots.Where one observer sees only the evils of the profit motive, another looks at the same fact pattern and sees the perils of an overweening regulatory state.
Vox sided solidly with the profit shamers, declaring: "We are the only developed nation that lets drugmakers set their own prices, maximizing profits the same way sellers of chairs, mugs, shoes, or any other manufactured goods would." But pseudonymous blogger Scott Alexander of Slate Star Codex responded with a tidy reverse Voxsplanation: The cronyist Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other government forces have squelched nearly every effort to compete with Mylan's EpiPens, distorting the market beyond recognition via a process they chronicle in painful detail.
Mylan acquired the EpiPen from Merck in 2007, by which time the product was already 25 years old, which means the question of paying back research costs was moot. In 2009, Teva Pharmaceuticals tried to enter the market—and Mylan sued. Teva managed to get its product to the FDA anyway, only to be told that it had "certain major deficiencies," unspecified. In 2010, Sandoz Inc. tried its luck and got bogged down in the courts, where the case still dwells. In 2011, the French drug company Sanofi made a bid to gain approval for a generic, which was delayed for years because the FDA didn't like the proposed brand name. Which brings us to this year, when Adamis decided to sell plain old pre-filled epinephrine syringes directly to patients without the fancy injector. Cue an FDA recall, on the rather vague basis that insufficient study had been done on standard administration of a drug whose medical properties have been known since the turn of the last century.
And sometimes the tangled, dysfunctional relationship between big business and big government gets even more personal. The CEO of Mylan, Heather Bresch, is the daughter of U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin (D–W. Va.), which probably makes things awkward in the Senate cafeteria. But Manchin has joined their colleagues in saying that they are "concerned about the high prices of prescription drugs," which probably makes things awkward at Thanksgiving. Then again, Mylan spends over a million dollars a year lobbying, which likely goes a long way toward smoothing things over.
In 2014 Congress passed the School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act, which Grassley mentions in their letter. The law, they write, "provides an incentive to states to boost the stockpile of epinephrine at schools." It was co-sponsored by Klobuchar, the same senator who now wants to sic the antitrust dogs on Mylan. That law was a top lobbying priority for Mylan that year, along with new rules that reduced competition for generics.
Grassley also notes that the taxpayers are picking up the tab for kids who are getting EpiPens while on Medicaid or the state-level Children's Health Insurance Program, and they add that some 47 states require or encourage schools and other public institutions to stock EpiPens. In other words, Congress created a huge new class of price-insensitive EpiPen customers and now wonders why the price has gone up.
Meanwhile, the prescription laws still require you to get a special piece of paper from a doctor every single time you want to buy an EpiPen. If the doctor writes a brand name on that paper, it's illegal for the pharmacist to give you a cheaper generic.
The story of the government cheese is just as convoluted. It's easy to be lulled by Vilsack's sell: Helping farmers and the hungry? Sounds great! But you know what else helps move a glut of cheese off the shelves and into the hands of poor people, without requiring taxpayer dollars? Lowering the price.
That's something the industry isn't willing to do, and—given all the pricing rules and production quotas that have been distorting dairy markets since the 1930s—mostly can't do. With Americans eating a record 34 pounds of cheese a year, the problem isn't an unexpected drop in demand.The problem is a failure to allow the laws of supply and demand to function at all.
Eleven million pounds of cheese may seem like small potatoes (to mix culinary metaphors), and it is in the larger scheme of federal spending and meddling. What's another $20 million when the debt is already $20 trillion, after all? But our typically cheerful acceptance of central control of compressed curds and injectable epinephrine shows how widespread and insidious such conditions are in our lives.
What would real free market reforms look like, and how would they come about? In this issue, you'll read what Libertarian Party nominees Gary Johnson and Bill Weld would do in the (very unlikely) event that they won the presidency and vice presidency (page 30). Reason TV's Jim Epstein reports on the millennial libertarian activists in Brazil who brought down a corrupt populist president (page 50). And in Detroit, an American city where public services are essentially nonexistent, we detail how residents are building DIY alternatives (page 65).
In the meantime, there is no reason to think either the tale of the EpiPens or the saga of the cheese would play out any differently under President Trump or President Clinton. Taxpayer-funded sops to farmers are as bipartisan as it gets, and there is precisely zero chance that a president from either major party would discontinue the practice. Likewise, the iron grip of the FDA on the drug approval process—and the opportunities to purchase influence in that powerful bureaucracy—will not diminish one iota, regardless of which major-party candidate becomes America's Big Cheese in January.
"This has been devastating to our family. It's a real drain on our resources emotionally, financially, physically," says Doug Snodgrass. "It's exhausting, but when your child gets harmed like this, you really don't think twice about it. It's not a matter of getting even.  They are messed up by this and what happened is wrong. We feel an obligation to restore them in every way possible."
Their son was the only arrestee to be reinstated in school, largely thanks to their parents' perseverance and their financial ability to take their fight to court. The other special needs students arrested remained expelled and at least one served a year in jail.
Doug and Catherine's son is currently being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder brought on by the ordeal.
The Snodgrass' have set up a fundraising campaign for their legal expenses.
The Riverside County Sheriff's department and Special Investigations Bureau did not return several requests for an interview. The Riverside District Attorney's office declined to comment.
About 7 minutes.
Produced by Amanda Winkler. Camera by Winkler and Sharif Matar. Narration by Todd Krainin.
Subscribe to Reason TV's YouTube channel and get automatic notifications when new videos go live.
Investigators walk near a section of the tail of the AirAsia Flight QZ8501 passenger plane.
Indonesian search teams believe they have found the fuselage of AirAsia flight QZ8501 in the Java Sea and hope calmer waters will allow divers to retrieve the black box flight recorders.
The jet lost contact with air traffic control in bad weather on December 28, less than halfway into a two-hour flight from the Indonesian city of Surabaya to Singapore.
None of the 162 people on the aircraft survived.
Three vessels involved in the search have detected pings about four kilometres from where the plane's tail was raised on Saturday in water about 30 metres deep.
"The navy divers in Jadayat state boat have succeeded in finding a very important instrument, the black box of AirAsia QZ8501," senior ministry official Tonny Budiono said.
"The black boxes are in a crushed part of the aircraft debris, making it very difficult for the team of divers.
"Because of time constraints, [we] have decided to retrieve the black boxes tomorrow morning by gradually shifting these layers of aircraft body debris."
If that fails, Mr Budiono said divers would lift the debris using inflatable balloons, the same technique used to lift the tail section.
However, Navy spokesperson Manahan Simorangkir denied the black box had been found, saying divers could not confirm its exact location due to poor weather and visibility.
Supriyadi, operations coordinator for the National Search and Rescue Agency, said a sonar scan had revealed an object measuring 10 metres by 4 metres by 2.5 metres on the sea floor.
"They suspect it is the body of the plane," Supriyadi told reporters in the town of Pangkalan Bun, the base for the search effort on Borneo.
"If it is the body of the plane then we will first evacuate the victims."
Forty-eight bodies have been found in the Java Sea off Borneo and searchers believe more will be found in the plane's fuselage.
Strong winds, currents and high waves have been hampering efforts to reach other large pieces of suspected wreckage detected by sonar on the sea floor.
If and when the recorders are retrieved and taken to Jakarta for analysis, it could take up to two weeks to download data, investigators said, although the information could be accessed in as little as two days if the devices were not badly damaged.
While the cause of the crash was not known, the national weather bureau said seasonal storms were likely to be a factor.
President Joko Widodo said the crash exposed widespread problems in the management of air transportation in Indonesia.
Reuters/AFP
They may look like the actor Isla Fisher and speak like a Mayfair lady who lunches, but appearances – and words – can be deceptive. As hundreds of refugees fled the Syrian border town Jisr al-Shughour on Thursday, desperate to avoid an expected government clampdown after the killing earlier this week of 120 soldiers, Reem Haddad , the director of Syria's state TV network, gave an interview to the BBC to account for the crowds pouring into Turkey.
Many have relatives in villages just the other side of the border, they said. "A lot of them find it easy to move across because their relatives are there. It's a bit like having a problem in your street, and your mum lives in the next street, so you go and visit your mum for a bit."
As Syria's security and humanitarian crisis escalates, Haddad, who acts as a spokesperson for the country's information ministry, has become one of the most familiar faces of President Bashar al-Assad's regime, with a talent for insisting on innocent explanations for the brutal government response to the protests.
In this they have drawn comparisons to Muhammad Saeed al-Sahhaf, whose exuberant insistence on behalf of Saddam Hussein's government that the Iraqi army was invincible earned them the nickname Comical Ali before the 2003 allied invasion.
Little is known about Haddad's early career to date, though their father served as Syria's ambassador to East Germany and is said to have modelled Syria's secret police on the Stasi.
"I don't think they believe all of what she's saying, though I think they believe some of it," Amr al-Azm, a former colleague at a Damascus language school in the early 1990s, told the Times. "She believes there's a war here between two ideologies, two groups, and they believe she's on the right side."
Would the government allow the gathering protesters to make their demonstrations peacefully, they were asked by al-Jazeera in late April.
There were no demonstrators, they said. On the contrary, said the journalist, many people on the ground were reporting gathering crowds.
"I know, you have this 'eyewitness phenomenon' thing," replied Haddad. "But we have our cameras everywhere and we have seen no gathering at all." In principle, however, demonstrations were permitted. "But they have to apply for a licence and they have to tell the police, and the police will tell them along which routes they should follow, and how long they should demonstrate and how many people there should be."
The same broadcaster, some weeks later, asked about 500 civilians thought to have been shot dead by security forces in street protests (that figure is now more than 1,000). "How do you know that sir, may I ask?" replied Haddad. "How do you know that 500 people have been shot dead, where is your information coming from?" It was a figure compiled by human rights organisations in Syria and London, among others, said the journalist.
"But my dear they are sitting in London. How can they confirm anything!" The world should confirm its facts independently, said the spokesperson, "rather than taking shoddy, shoddy if I may say, eyewitness accounts." As Haddad well knows, all foreign journalists are banned from Syria.
• The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and clarifications column, Saturday 25 June 2011. Reem Haddad, director of Syria's state TV network, was the subject of this article, which also mentioned in passing that Ms Haddad's father served as Syria's ambassador to East Germany and was "said to have modelled Syria's secret police on the Stasi". However, Suleyman Haddad asks us to make clear that: "I was never appointed to East Germany as Syria's ambassador; neither do I know East Germany before the fall of the wall of Berlin. I worked as ambassador for my country to West Germany (and later the [unified] Federal Republic of Germany), Bonn, from the years 1987-1997. I had good relations with the government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl." Mr Haddad, now retired from the diplomatic service, adds that any suggestion that they co-ordinated the work of Syrian secret police and the Stasi "bears no credibility whatsoever".
Chelsea star Eden Hazard is leading the race for the Premier League's Player of the Year award
Goal and Sure have partnered to create the Pressure Index, the only way to measure how players are handling the stress of the most competitive league
The dash to win the PFA Player of the Year award is a six-way affair on paper, but in reality it might be a one-horse race.
Though they had a difficult time against on Sunday, 's Eden Hazard looks to be the standout candidate to claim the honour of the 's finest player of the season.
In a relentless outfit, the Belgian has been a consistent source of excellence. In 30 starts, they have struck 14 goals and tallied five assists while terrorising defences from the left side of the attack.
Four of those goals and two of the assists have come in their last six Premier League matches as Chelsea have edged toward the title.
Such a run has left Hazard as the leader among the nominees for the PFA Player of the Year award in the Goal Pressure Index, presented by Sure and powered by Opta data, which provides the first ever system to measure and rate a team and player's performance under pressure.
The Goal Pressure Index uses more than 750,000 data points as well as factors including league position, point in the season and the opposition to calculate a rating out of 100 for every Premier League player every week.
Hazard's season score of 82/100 is well clear of the other five candidates for the award.
The closest member of the chasing pack is the Belgian's Chelsea team-mate, N'Golo Kante. After inspiring to the title last season, the international has been at it again with a season score of 76, and for many is a strong rival to Hazard for being the most important player at Stamford Bridge.
No outfield player has recovered possession more than Kante's total of 243, while they rank in the top six in the league for interceptions (72) and the top three for tackles won (76).
Trailing Kante is 's Alexis Sanchez, with a season score of 74. The Chilean has been the bright spot in a frustrating season for the Gunners and came to their rescue again on Monday, netting in their side's win at .
The dynamic forward has scored more away goals in the Premier League this season than any other player, with 13.
They now have 19 goals overall this season and nine assists – more than anyone else in the top 20 Premier League goal scorers.
Tied behind Alexis with season scores of 73 apiece are Harry Kane and Romelu Lukaku.
The Hotspur striker found the net against Bournemouth in their return from injury on a weekend that saw them earn the highest Pressure Index score of the six in contention.
Kane also became only the fourth player to hit 20 or more goals in three successive Premier League seasons, joining league greats Alan Shearer, Thierry Henry and Ruud van Nistelrooy in an illustrious list of EPL marksmen.
The 23-year-old has been breaking record after record this season. Their three hat-tricks in 2017 took them to four overall, the highest total of hat-tricks from any single player in Premier League history.
Kane is hoping to become the first Englishman to be officially named as the league's best player in over a decade.
They will face stiff competition from 's Lukaku, however. The league's top scorer with 24 goals this campaign, Lukaku is neck and neck with Kane in the Goal Pressure Index and has the edge in the goal column if the award were to go to one of the league's true strikers.
The Belgian is now the fourth player in Premier League history to score 80-plus goals in the competition before turning 24 years old, and this season became the first player to reach 20-plus league goals in a single campaign since Gary Lineker in 1985-86.
Rounding out the PFA Player of the Year nominees is Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 35-year-old has been in such remarkable form for Manchester United that they admitted last week that they felt like Benjamin Button, securing a Pressure Index seasonal score of 71. Zlatan has now hit a staggering 250 goals since celebrating their 30th birthday.
Moreover, they have been involved in 18 goals in their last 18 Premier League appearances (13 goals and five assists) as United have made a strong push for the top four.
The Goal Pressure Index is presented by Sure, Official Partner of Chelsea FC, Everton FC and Southampton FC. Join the conversation on Twitter @Sure.
A veteran British actor has landed a key role in the upcoming eighth (and possibly final) season of Showtime's Dexter.
Charlotte Rampling has been cast in a recurring role as a neuro-psychiatrist who specializes in working with young psychopaths and profiling criminals in unorthodox ways. We hear the role has a significant impact on next season's story.
Rampling was in The Avengers (okay, the original 1967 TV version of The Avengers, but still…) and is best known to U.S. audiences from their roles in films such as Stardust Memories (1980), The Verdict (1982) and playing the mother of Keira Knightley's title role character in The Duchess (2008).
As we previously reported, Dexter is returning early for its eighth season, debuting June 30 to serve as a lead-in for new Showtime series Ray Donovan, which stars Liev Schreiber as a professional “fixer” for the rich and famous.
UPDATE: Dexter has also cast Sean Patrick Flannery (The Young and the Restless). He'll play Jacob Elroy, an ex-cop owner of a private investigation company in Miami.
PREVIOUS: ‘Dexter' showrunner explains shocking finale, season 8 plans
Ongoing discussions between internet service providers and rights holders on the implementation of web blocking measures in the Digital Economy Act (DEA) should be opened up to the public, according to Google.
Discussions are currently being held in private as industry stakeholders consider how web blocking provisions should work in practice under section 17 of the DEA. Ofcom is expected to produce its report on this issue in the near future.
However, Sarah Hunter, head of UK public policy at Google, questioned the wisdom of this strategy at a Westminster eForum event, arguing that, as the internet is an ownerless asset, the public needs to be involved in these discussions.
"There are conversations going on right now being led by companies, but it's not right as companies don't own the internet. The DEA showed how strongly people feel about how their internet is delivered," they said.
"If the government wants to make laws on blocking web sites they need to talk to consumers and have a proper debate in public. In Australia the government held a year-long consultation with the public before it reached any decision."
However, David Wheeldon, director of policy and public affairs at BSkyB, argued that measures must be brought in quickly as creative individuals and investors are increasingly threatened by illegal sites offering content.
"If the creators of content are not being remunerated we have to deal with it, otherwise we're undermining a very important industry. We can't ignore it and pretend it will sort itself out," they said at the event.
"As broadband speeds increase and access to the internet becomes ubiquitous, this will become a significant issue for the UK creative industries."
Internet minister Ed Vaizey said at the Intellect conference on Tuesday that web blocking is vital to protect the UK's creative talent.
"There are prominent web sites that stream live football or sell movies without permission from rights holders, and we should look at ways of stopping them," they said.
"No-one is saying business models don't have to change, but that doesn't mean you sit back and let people rip off other people's content."
Leicester appears to have held on to Riyad Mahrez and Demarai Gray as the transfer window closed but saw England midfielder Danny Drinkwater depart to Chelsea for a club-record fee.
Drinkwater's move to the Premier League champions was officially confirmed more than two hours after Thursday's 11pm transfer deadline had passed, with the 27-year-old signing a five-year contract with the Blues where they will be reunited with former Foxes midfield colleague N'Golo Kante.
A Foxes statement read: "Leicester City football Club has agreed a deal for the transfer of midfielder Danny Drinkwater to Chelsea for a club-record fee.
"Leicester wishes to express its gratitude to Danny for their contribution to the team's achievements over the past five years, as they leaf with the best wishes of everyone at the football club."
Time To Panic: The World Is Running Out Of [Fill In The Blank]
What explains our insatiable appetite for stories about shortages? Ever since Thomas Malthus warned of imminent food shortages and mass starvation in 1779, the spectre of a Malthusian resource catastrophe has resurfaced among each new generation of pessimists.
In case you missed it, the world is on the cusp of a pencil crayon shortage. As the story goes, the worldwide adult colouring book craze has spurred a run on pencils, and the companies that make them are struggling to keep up with demand. “A surge in the number of people buying adult colouring books has threatened pencil stocks worldwide,” the U.K.'s Independent newspaper blared recently.
The claim, if it isn't already obvious, is silly. Families aren't getting into fisticuffs with each other in the stationery aisle for that last box of Crayolas (though that would be amusing to see). Besides, a representative of Faber-Castell, the top colour-pencil maker, later assured the mindfulness masses that while it has had to boost production to keep up with demand, it is “not seeing a shortage.”
It would be easy to accuse the newspaper, and all the other media outlets that went on to report the deficit of pencils, of hyping a non-story. But the media are only selling what everyone is buying, and the pencil shortage narrative fits all too conveniently into a chronic obsession we have with the idea that the world is running out of stuff.
Call it shortage porn. In the past few years, there have been hysterical reports about the world running out of sugar, single-malt whisky, limes, Lego, oil, bananas, soybeans, coffee, wine, olive oil, avocados, chocolate, cauliflower, bacon, sriracha, water, tungsten, sand, Velveeta, Internet, and in just the last month, hops and vanilla, to name only a few.
What's behind the insatiable appetite for panicky warnings? More importantly, just how real are these shortages?
Scarcity is a powerful psychological trigger that's hardwired into our brains. We put far more value on things we perceive to be in short supply than those which seem to be in abundance, something that was shown in a well-known cookie jar experiment in the 1970s. Subjects consistently rated cookies in a nearly empty jar higher than cookies in a fuller jar, even though the cookies were the same.
Put another way, when faced with a potential cookie shortage, people want them even more. Those who don't have cookies become focussed on the fact they're missing out, and those who do, hoard them as their value rises.
But how did the world become filled with so many empty cookie jars? One reason might be that companies have perfected the shortage spiel when it suits them. Ahead of Christmas each year, a Lego shortage seems to loom. Likewise, each Super Bowl brings with it a reported crisis of chicken wing and Velveeta shortfalls. All are quintessential #FirstWorldProblems, and excellent for sales.
There's a broader mindset around shortages that's been happening, though. At the same time as people's brains are sending them signals to fear scarcity, the doomsday brigade has bombarded them with warnings that the world's population is growing too fast for the Earth to sustain it. This isn't a new worry. Since the English economist Thomas Malthus first — and completely erroneously — warned of imminent food shortages and mass starvation in 1779, the spectre of a Malthusian resource catastrophe has resurfaced among each new generation of pessimists.
It's with us now in the same way it was in the 1970s, when ecologist Paul Ehrlich's books The Population Bomb and The End of Affluence captured public fears that modern society was living both beyond its means and on borrowed time. In each era, scarcity fears followed periods of affluence and abundance (the 1950s and early 1960s and then the 1990s and early 2000s) and were accompanied by profound worries about the environment, a rising cost of food as well as spikes in energy prices—which after the oil boom that lasted from 2004 to 2014 remains fresh in everyone's minds.
So is it really a surprise that stories of global shortages hold such allure? They seem to confirm that there are just too many gluttonous humans gobbling up scarce resources and ruining everything.
Resource shortages do indeed happen when demand outstrips supply. Where we—meaning investors, consumers, politicians and the media—so often go wrong is in our belief that resource shortages will become permanent, heralding a new normal of rising prices and falling supplies. […]
Helium is one thing, but oil is an ever better example of how quickly a seemingly permanent shortage can quickly transform into overabundance. Peak Oil panic reached a fever pitch last decade as soaring demand from a rapidly industrializing China collided with dwindling oil output. Proponents of peak oil theory argued the world had reached its point of maximum oil production and that supplies could only decline. As oil soared to US$140 a barrel in 2008, many warned it was headed for $200 or even $300.
While almost no one saw the eventual oil crash coming, it really shouldn't have arrived as a shock.
Full post
Rallying today with union leaders and rock star Jon Bon Jovi for a higher miniumum wage, Gov. Andrew Cuomo ripped into the popular progressive slogan “income inequality” as a slander against the wealthy and suggestive of an impossible egalitarianism.
Taking the podium at the Hotel Trades Council's midtown headquarters after an introduction from the New Jersey rocker and to the sounds of their song “Work for the Working Man,” Mr. Cuomo criticized fast food giants McDonald's and Burger King for paying wages that they claimed leave their workers dependent on state assistance. But in doing so, they renounced Mayor Bill de Blasio's favorite phrase, “income inequality,” as an inherently unfair and unrealistic term.
“People call it ‘income inequality.' I don't use those words ‘income inequality.' Why? Because we never said we were all going to have equal income. It's not about income inequality, and it's not about disliking rich people. I want my daughters to grow up to be millionaires. I want them to take care of me. I want to retire tomorrow!” Mr. Cuomo said. “And I'm banking on my daughters making a lot of money. So God bless them if they become millionaires. That's not what it is. What it is is this nation said ‘fairness for all, opportunity for all, mobility for all!'”
Mr. Cuomo has in fact repeatedly used the words “income inequality,” lamenting that “income inequality is at the highest point in over a century” in their inaugural address in January, and beginning an op-ed in the New York Times last month with the assertion “income inequality is a national problem.” Confronted with this contradiction after the event, Mr. Cuomo avoided giving a direct explanation.
“I wasn't critical of income inequality,” they told reporters. “Well, the connotation, I said ‘I use different words.' The connotation is we want—if you don't get to explain it—we want equal incomes for people. That's not our goal. We don't believe that we should have a system of equal income. We don't equalize income. So it's not as much income inequality as the ‘opportunity to earn more.'”
Mr. Cuomo has impaneled a wage board to study the possibility of unilaterally raising pay rates for fast food workers. They have proposed raising the minimum wage to $10.50 an hour statewide and $13.13 in New York City—less than the $15 pay rate the union leaders they shared the state with demanded.
The governor explained the discrepancy as being a matter of implementation, as they have sought to raise the pay floor by the year's end, while they claimed enacting the $15 wage would occur over a longer timeframe.
“When they say $15, you have to make sure you have apples and apples. They have over a period of time. So my $13 was one or two years; $15 they're saying is over a period of time,” they told the Observer.
Drawing a line
How much anti-foreigner sentiment do we have to take in Singapore? When will we take a stand against unacceptable, hateful language? Or will we continue to excuse ourselves time after time?
Kirsten Han Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 21, 2014
I thought long and hard about writing this. I wanted to, but hesitated; would it be wise to add more fuel to the fire?
I've read many comments and responses since my post on Yahoo! Singapore was published. I am simultaneously an opposition blogger and a PAP lapdog. I am a “Pretender” (it comes with the capital) and I disregard the hardship that my fellow countrymen have been through. My husband is a foreigner.
The last one, at least, is more or less correct (we're not married yet), although I cannot understand its relevance.
This is, somehow, meant to be an “understandable” reaction.
These comments are easy to take. Even expected. What really bothers me, though, are the other comments. The ones that claim that there is no xenophobia here at all, no racism. That this is an “understandable” reaction from frustrated Singaporeans, and that we should not call them out for their language and behaviour. That they use such language just so that they can have their anxiety heard by the Powers That Be. We should excuse their reaction, and turn the blame on to the PAP and their policies.
If you're not Malay, Chinese, Indian or Eurasian, you can never be considered a Singaporean.
It is true that life under the PAP system has caused many problems. Their immigration policy has had a massive impact on Singaporean society; something that they should have, but failed to, anticipate. Their stifling of public discourse have maintained a false harmony, silencing experiences and keeping Singaporeans from having important discussions on matters that affect our lives and our country. We are paying the price for the smothering of our political consciousness; in terms of political maturity we have so far to go as a nation. The cost of living is a constant, nagging worry at the back of everyone's minds, and the salaries we receive each month do little to soothe these worries. Without job security, many Singaporeans suspect that their jobs could be in danger any time, taken by (probably) younger foreigners who are able and willing to work for less. Our once-efficient systems, such as the MRT, don't seem so efficient or reliable anymore. The over-crowding adds to the stress of living in a city like Singapore, and people are frustrated and anxious for their future.
I can understand these frustrations. There is much that the PAP has to answer for.
But still I called out the racism and xenophobia found among the comments on Facebook, because I felt very strongly that we had to draw a line somewhere, to say, “Whatever your frustrations, this is too far. This is unacceptable.” And I believe that it is not unreasonable to draw that line way before it becomes common in Singapore's public discourse for foreigners to be referred to as “cockroaches” and “vermin”. We already hear the term “foreign trash” far too often. By the time these terms are adopted by a large number of people, normalised into everyday conversation, it will be too late to turn the tide.
Filipinos are among the hundreds of thousands who work as foreign domestic workers in Singapore, cleaning our homes and caring for our children and elderly. Yet they are impudent ingrates and we don't need them.
I cannot agree with those who say that while the expression was regrettable, the response was not racism or xenophobia but just frustration caused by the government's policies. State policy could feed resentment and anger, but it certainly does not have the power to make a person use words like “scum” or “undesirable underlings” against others. State policy cannot force you to be a racist.
We have our own agency, PAP policy notwithstanding. In fact, it is because we have our own agency that so many of us within civil society are fighting so hard for more space, more latitude to have discussions, to advocate for crucial issues and to speak with our own voices rather than that of a trammelled mainstream media. We are fighting for this agency to be recognised. We cannot turn around now and deny the existence of this agency when it means having to take responsibility for bad behaviour.
A suggestion that Singaporean men should put on their combat gear and take on the Filipinos at their celebration.
The harm that such language and behaviour can cause goes beyond that of a Facebook thread. It dehumanises people. It makes them seem less equal, less deserving of respect. It is this mindset and culture within our society that leads to low-wage migrant workers being treated so poorly. It is this mindset that leads to unscrupulous employers abandoning injured or even dying migrant workers; after all, if they are merely “scum of a Third World country”, who cares? It is this mindset that leads to people over-working foreign domestic workers, depriving them of rest and privacy; after all, she's just an “underling”, right? It is this language, and the acceptance of it as “understandable” or “not that bad”, that feeds a culture where low-wage migrant workers are turned into a commodity in Singapore.
So much effort, so much work has been put into fighting for rights and dignity for these migrant workers. We cannot undermine it now by allowing such hateful and dehumanising speech to become normalised.
There are also accusations of double standards: that the PAP government has chastised ordinary Singaporeans while saying nothing about STOMP and other SPH vehicles. That the PAP government has denied the Worker's Party and Singapore Democratic Party permits for their events while this Philippines Independence Day celebration is allowed to go ahead. The implication appears to be this: the PAP government oppresses us, while coddling their own and the foreigners. No matter what, the ordinary Singaporean loses.
There are double standards. I don't doubt it at all. STOMP — and other platforms like it — should be called out for having become repositories of bigotry and hate. I have no problem with that. But the government's silence on STOMP does not make it acceptable for similar bigotry to appear elsewhere.
It also makes no sense to deny a permit to this Filipino celebration just because alternative parties had their permits unjustly denied. We should be demanding that these double standards are removed and permits given to all legitimate activities, regardless of political affiliation, rather than suggest that the Philippines Independence Day event should be banned for “consistency” and a sudden concern for “law and order”. The solution to freeing ourselves from these double standards is to demand civil liberties for all, rather than expecting others to become as oppressed as we are.
We also cannot be blind to our own double standards. Some are saying that the opposition to Philippines Independence Day is not about racism or xenophobia, but because the celebration of another country's independence or national day is an insult to the host country.
Yet we did not feel this “insult” when there was a three-day St. Patrick's Day (seen as Ireland's national day) festival in Circular Road, near the city centre. A road was closed off for the entire weekend. I believe a bagpipe parade is part of the celebration every year, and anyone who has heard a bagpipe will know that almost nothing is louder and more in-your-face than that wail of squeezed-out air.
We do not feel this “insult” every year when there is a massive party at the Singapore American School — but still open and free to the public — celebrating Fourth of July (the USA's independence day), complete with fireworks.
We certainly did not feel this “insult” when the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Singapore in 2012 as part of the Queen's Jubilee — a celebration of Queen Elizabeth II's 60 years of reign. While some will point out this is not an independence day event, I would argue that celebrating a monarch's reign is just as political. We didn't feel the insult then. In fact, we named an orchid after them, organised a painful wayang and crowded round to see the royals; the people whose family and country, unlike the Filipinos, actually did colonise us, and whose laws — I'm looking at Section 377A here, although it's been curiously adopted as “Asian values” — plague us to this day. (Disclaimer: I say this as someone who also joined in the hype and went and met the royals. I cannot excuse myself from accusations of a colonised mind.)
So whose celebrations are we really opposed to? All foreigners? Or just certain ones?
Some slut-shaming, just in case.
A celebration of one's national holiday does not equate to an attempt to invade, colonise or extend political control over the host country. The Filipinos have said that the event is about “interdependence” not because they want to “steal” Singapore, but because we do depend on one another, every day that we come into contact with one another at work or at home. It is their awareness of being in our country that has led to the suggestion of “two nations, one community”. There is more likely to be dancing and happiness rather than an attempt at a coup at this Philippines Independence Day.
For those who say Singapore Day in London is different because the government spent the money and it was for overseas Singaporeans only, ask yourself: would you be okay with it if the Filipino government spent the money and the event was for Filipinos only? I think not.
So what are we really opposed to?
Filipinos referred to as “shit” and “aliens”.
The fact that the event is open means that this is an opportunity for us to learn about one another's countries and cultures, rather than hurl vitriolic accusations that — if they had to be hurled at all — would be better targeted at problematic policies rather than the people who are just trying to hold on to something from home while they live and work here.
I wrote my Yahoo! Singapore post not because I am a traitor, as some would call me. I didn't write it out of an ignorance of the daily, never-ending frustrations of living in Singapore. I know that there are many problems that we need to sort out here, and that many of these problems have to do with the PAP and state policy. Yet we cannot push the blame on to the government and absolve ourselves of responsibility. We cannot pretend that the government is the root of all evil and not reflect on the prejudice that resides in each and every one of our hearts and minds. And we certainly cannot excuse hateful behaviour and dehumanising language just because it is convenient for our politics.
There has to be a line somewhere.
[Epistemic status: I predict everyone except me will respond to this with “Duuuuuuuuh”, but I found it changed some views of mine]
I.
I recently did couple therapy with two gay men who'd gotten married a year or so ago. Since then one of them, let's call them Adam, decided they were bored with their sex life and went to a club where they did some things I will not describe here. Their husband, let's call them Steve, was upset by what they considered infidelity, and they had a big fight. Both of them wanted to stay together for the sake of the kids (did I mention they adopted some kids?) but this club thing was a pretty big deal, so they decided to seek professional help.
Adam made the following proposal: they knew Steve was not very kinky, so Adam would go do their kinky stuff at the club, with Steve's knowledge and consent. That way everyone could get what they wanted. Sure, it would involve having sex with other people, but it didn't mean anything, and it was selfish for a spouse to assert some kind of right to “control” the other spouse anyway.
Steve made the following counterproposal: no. They liked monogamy and fidelity and it would make them really jealous and angry to think of Adam going out and having sex with other people, even in a meaningless way. They argued that if Adam didn't like monogamy, maybe they shouldn't have proposed entering into a form of life that has been pretty much defined by its insistence on monogamy for the past several thousand years and then sworn adherence to that form of life in front of everyone they knew. If Adam hadn't liked monogamy, they had ample opportunity to avoid it before they had bound their life together with Steve's. Now they were stuck.
Adam gave the following counterargument: yeah, marriage usually implies remaining monogamous, but that was all legal boilerplate. They had wanted to get married to symbolize their committment to Steve – committment that they still had! – and they hadn't realized they were interested in fetish stuff at the time or else they would have brought it up.
Steve gave the following countercounterargument: okay, this is all very sad, but now we are stuck in this position, and clearly only one of the two people could get their preference satisfied, and given the whole marriage-implies-monogamy thing, it seemed pretty clear that that person should be him.
So then of course they both turned to me for advice.
The rules for psychotherapy are a lot like the rules for Aaron Burr: talk less, smile more, don't let them know what you're against or what you're for. This last principle is generally known as “therapeutic neutrality”, and it demands that we not take sides in our patients' disputes or dilemmas. Instead, we try to remain an impartial discussion facilitator, teasing out our patients' true values and concerns until they are able to come to a conclusion on their own.
On the other hand, their friends probably don't have the same scruples and are going to be offering them advice. And I wondered what advice I would give, if I were their friends and not stuck in metaphorical Switzerland.
II.
Assume Steve's analysis is right; this is a zero-sum game and there's no way for them both to come out of it happy. Which side do we choose?
A quick retreat to a simpler situation: suppose Adam really wants to keep all the windows in the house open all winter with no heat on, so that the inside temperature is 10F and the house is full of snow. Steve does not want to do this. Both of them want to stay together for the sake of the kids, but this do-we-freeze-our-house thing is really getting in the way.
This problem is easy. Adam, you're crazy and your preferences are stupid and don't count. Suck it up and keep living with Steve at normal-person temperatures.
Another retreat in the other direction: suppose Adam wants to sometimes take a shower, but for some reason the thought of Adam being in a shower pisses Steve off and they refuse to allow it. Once again, both of them want to stay together for the sake of the kids, but this can-Adam-take-a-shower thing is really getting in the way.
This problem is also easy. Steve, this time your preferences are stupid and don't count. Suck it up and let Adam take a shower.
A third new situation. The one Unit of Caring recently discussed on their blog. A transwoman wants to have Christmas with their family, but their family doesn't believe in transgender and insists on calling them by their original male name and male pronouns. Both them and their family don't want to “ruin Christmas” by refusing to get together as a family or making a big deal of this. Who is in the right? Unit of Caring writes:
Anyone who does not respect their siblings enough to call them by the name of their choosing does not then get to go “oh! you not wanting to let me repeatedly hurt you is breaking apart our family, how unreasonable of you!” If you want people to spend time around you, call them by the names they chose. If you wouldn't repeatedly slap your siblings in the face, don't deliberately misgender them either. (And if you would repeatedly slap your siblings in the face, then you shouldn't have to look too far to figure out whose behavior ruined Christmas.) If it doesn't bother you that you're hurting someone, then you don't get to act wronged when they decide you're not worth spending time with.
I agree with this assessment, but only because I agree with Unit about the object-level issue of transgender. It seems like if you wrote in the same question to your local priest, they'd say the trans woman was being unreasonable. I don't think there's any good way for Unit and the priest (or the woman and their family) to resolve their differences except by one convincing the other of their position on the object-level issue of transgender.
(well, if you really really really understood utilitarianism, you might be able to say you should take the highest-utility solution, but no one understands utilitarianism that well)
This seems to be true of my patients' problem too. Unless we can decide whether wanting to go to a fetish club and have sex with people besides your husband is a reasonable request, we can't solve Adam and Steve's disagreement. I mean, Steve's argument about the contract isn't bad, but if it were something we disagreed with – let's say some old-timey marriage contract where the woman vowed to always serve and obey their husband, and now she's a feminist and wants out – we would probably be pretty sympathetic despite the precise wording of what she'd “agreed” on.
III.
I come to the table with personal baggage. I come from a very permissive subculture. I've had some very happy open relationships and wanting to be open seems like a reasonable request. I've had some friends who are very kinky, and wanting to be kinky seems like a reasonable request too. I'm not personally very good at feeling jealous, so wanting your husband to never go to a club, even if they don't tell you about it, or make you think about it, or even agrees only to do it when you're away on a business trip in another city – seems a bit odd. Honestly I would be tempted to take Steve aside and ask them whether he's sure that they couldn't deal with Adam going to this club, and whether maybe they want to give it a chance, and whether maybe they just wants what's best for Adam even if that makes them a little uncomfortable.
But go back two hundred years and ask the people of that culture, and this choice is a no-brainer. Fetish clubs (or the closest 19th century equivalent) are weird, vile, sinful things, and Adam's desire to go to one is totally beyond the pale. They should never even have made the request. But since they did, we can strongly and clearly tell them that this is morally wrong, that they should apologize to Steve for the trouble they put them in, that they should realize there's more to life than kinky sex, and that they should want what's best for Steve even if that means they can't satisfy their libido quite so much.
If Adam and Steve were in the traditional culture of the 1800s there would be no debate. If they were in some ultra-permissive sexually-open subculture of the 2100s, there would also be no debate. The culture would tell one of them that they were wrong, just like someone who wants to make the other live in a 10 degree frozen house is wrong, that person would grudgingly agree, they would stay together, and that would be that. The problem only comes when they're in a culture with a lot of different subcultures that haven't made up their minds yet. Like ours.
We all hear the stories of the economists who start by assuming perfect rationality, and then add in deviations from that assumption when they come to them. I kind of like to start from a liberal assumption of perfect atomic individualism and add in deviations when I encounter them. And, well, this is the latest one I encountered.
Adam and Steve's individual personalities and situations will help resolve their conflict, but the tiebreaker vote is always going to be cast by the culture around them. Realizing this has made me more open to activists who are trying to change the culture – and, symmetrically, to conservatives who are trying to prevent the culture from being changed. People with unusual sex lives like to say that what they do in the privacy of their own bedroom doesn't hurt anyone else – neither breaks their nose nor picks their pocket – but the fact is that the partial social acceptance of fetish clubs and of open relationships is what gives Adam a leg to stand on. And some religious conservatives like to talk about how they only want to defend their own right to practice and express their beliefs instead of being forced into the broader cultural revolution all around them, but the fact is that their beliefs are what's supporting Steve. My sympathies will always be with the atomic individualists who want to come up with some clever Adam-Steve contract that solves their problem on the meta-level as long as all actors are rational, but I am starting to worry the culture warriors have a point here.
UR said that “the sovereign is the one who sets the null hypothesis”. Once you've let the culture set a default – going to fetish clubs is a reasonable request, going to fetish clubs is an unreasonable request – then given sufficiently good liberal norms people who want to deviate from the default can absolutely do so, but as soon as a conflict springs up the identity of the default option still matters a lot.
I'm not suggesting a total war of all against all, and there's always the Archipelago option, but I guess sometimes culture wars do need to be fought beyond the point where you just leave people alone, if only to shift the default in your direction.
Speaking of culture wars, an apology to gay people. I always obfuscate details about my patients to disguise their identities, but I feel particularly bad about making this couple gay because it reinforces the stereotype of gay people as hypersexual and bad at committment. I made them gay anyway, because when I tried to write them hetero, their gender seemed to skew the problem too much to one side or another – for example, when Steve was a woman, they were the poor innocent wife wronged by a horny husband who insisted on thinking with their crotch. I worried that if I made the couple hetero, my readers for one reason or another would bring their own baggage and wouldn't be able to see it as the difficult and evenly-balanced problem it seemed like when I was in the office with them.
Which itself says something about how our culture sets default hypotheses.
December 2, 2015
WISCONSIN REPUBLICANS are taking aim at the rights of transgender students, as State Assembly members try to push through Assembly Bill (AB) 469, which would prohibit transgender students in K-12 schools from using bathrooms or locker rooms that correspond with their gender identity.
Republican Rep. Jesse Kremer of Kewaskum sponsored the legislation, calling it the "Student Privacy Protection Bill." They claim that the bill protects the privacy of all students in bathroom and locker rooms, but in fact, it would force transgender students to use facilities that they are uncomfortable using--or go to a separate facility, isolating trans and gender-nonconforming students and effectively putting them at more risk.
If this bill passes, it would make Wisconsin the first state in the country to prohibit transgender public school students from using a bathroom or locker room assigned to the gender with which they identify.
The Wisconsin law imitates proposed legislation in other states that attempts to push back transgender equality by spreading bigotry and lies, and exploiting the misinformation that exists about transgender issues.
Wisconsin State Rep. Jesse Kremer (left)
In Houston, Texas, conservatives used a ballot initiative to overturn the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance, or HERO--by claiming that the measure was a "bathroom ordinance" that would allow predatory men to go into women's restrooms.
Some 17 states and about 200 cities have passed antidiscrimination legislation to protect people from discrimination in employment, city services, housing and public accommodations, based on sexual orientation, gender identity, race and a dozen other categories.
But in Houston, right-wingers launched a campaign of lies and fear-mongering to defeat the anti-discrimination ordinance, including a television commercial showing a man following a little girl into a bathroom stall. This scaremongering convinced 61 percent of voters "no" on HERO.
WISCONSIN'S AB 469 is based on model legislation written by the Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF), a right-wing organization that targets LGBTQ rights, in addition to crusading against abortion rights. With access to some 2,400 attorneys and a $39 million annual budget, the ADF is one of the best-funded and most powerful Christian Right groups working against what it calls the "myth of the so-called 'separation of church and state.'"
The group, which claims it is protecting "the right of people to freely live out their faith," has provided legal help to push "religious freedom" bills in other states, including Minnesota and Nevada. But the ADF's tentacles reach around the world, and the group is also actively working to promote and defend laws that criminalize gay sex in countries like Belize, Jamaica and India.
The ADL has also opposed anti-bullying efforts in public schools, claiming that the hate crime that led to the murder of Matthew Shepard--a gay University of Wyoming student who was beaten and tortured to death in 1998--was fabricated in order advance the "homosexual agenda."
In Wisconsin, the lines are being drawn over AB 469. In addition to banning transgender K-12 students from using the gender-segregated facilities that align with their gender identity, it would require school districts to repeal any anti-discrimination reforms and accommodations policies that currently exist. The bill also threatens school districts with legal action, including financial liability for "damages" if complaints from parents or students about trans students aren't resolved to the complainant's satisfaction.
The progressive Wisconsin Gazette condemned the bill, arguing in an editorial:
Once a pioneering state on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights, Wisconsin lacks a statewide law banning bias based on gender identity. What exists are partial piecemeal protections in more progressive communities and more progressive school districts. Now, Republicans are keyed up to roll back limited protections for transgender students in dozens of districts and halt any further reform.
A hearing for the Wisconsin bill was originally schedule for November 5, but was postponed after a similar school district policy in Illinois was ruled in violation of federal Title IX law. The federal Department of Education ruled against the district after a suburban Chicago junior high school denied a trans student access to the girls' locker room, helping make them the target of bullying from other students.
OPPONENTS AND supporters of Wisconsin's discriminatory bill traveled to Madison to attend public hearings on November 19, the day before the National Transgender Day of Remembrance.
People spoke about what it was like before a policy was created for trans and gender nonconforming students. "I was sent to the sex offenders' locker room," said a student who described being sent to a secluded room on the far side of the school where students registered as sex offenders go to change. "I have never even gotten a tardy, much less attacked someone," they said.
Several people testified in favor of AB 469, reflecting the misinformation that the bill's supporters have sought to encourage.
But schools superintendents, PTA representatives and school board members from districts all over Wisconsin also came to speak out against the bill. Many Wisconsin schools currently have policies covering bathrooms and locker rooms that students are comfortable with. "We're looking for guidance, but this isn't it," said one educator.
Parents of trans students and students themselves came testify from all over Wisconsin. Joanne Lee, the mother of Skylar Lee, a trans teenager that completed suicide in Madison in September, came forward to speak out against the bill. They said that Skylar would come and talk to them about how upset they were about which bathroom they could use and if they would be allowed to change for PE, and how they didn't understand how important it was until it was too late.
"I am affected by this bill because I am trans masculine. This bill flushes my mental health down the toilet I'm not allowed to use," said one student. "My birth certificate says that I am male, that is not true. It also says that I am 11 pounds."
"Two Racine transgender teens who died by suicide in the last two years were on the minds of some during a Thursday hearing on a state bill to regulate use of bathrooms in public schools by transgender students," reported the Journal Times, describing members of Voces de la Frontera and its youth branch, Youth Empowered in the Struggle, who traveled from Racine and Milwaukee to voice their opposition in Madison.
"The authors of this bill really need to talk to the LGBTQ community since this bill affects them profoundly," said one student at the hearing. Kremer responded by saying, "I don't talk to them."
Throughout the hearing, Kremer showed their contempt for trans students, and their lack of concern for the facts or the impact the bill will have on trans students. When asked to answer questions concerning Intersex or agender students, they could not.
Their plan of enforcing this bill by encouraging students to report one another and then have the school "look into it" would facilitate even more bullying and gender presentation policing--exposing the lie that their goal is "protecting" anyone with this bill.
Supporters of LGBTQ rights will have to continue to come together to push back the right's dangerous attack on trans students.
Malaysia's civil aviation authority today released 47 pages of Inmarsat's raw satellite data that was used to determine the flight path of the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
View The Raw Data Document
The data communication logs from Inmarsat, the British satellite communication business, as well as the relevant explanatory notes were being released to enable relatives of those onboard MH370 and the general public to understand the data.
The attached data logs along with additional notes for the Signalling Unit Log (9M-MRO) for MH370 were prepared by Inmarsat.All times are in Universal Time (UTC) and the table is a readable form of the log file recorded at the ground earth station for communications with the terminal on MH370 from 16:00 to the last Handshake Request (Log On Interrogation) attempt at 01:16 UTC.
Acting transport minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Tun Hussein instructed the CAA to discuss with Inmarsat the release of its raw data for public consumption on May 19. Since then, Inmarsat and DCA have been working for the release of the data communication logs and the technical description of the analysis.
After the analysis of satellite data showed the final position of the aircraft was in the Indian Ocean, Malaysia's prime minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak announced on March 24 that Flight 370 had ‘ended in the southern Indian Ocean.'
Google security boffins have thrown the book at Comodo for turning off Chrome security.
As explained in this advisory today, users who install Comodo Internet Security may not realize that their Chrome installation is replaced with Comodo's own browser, Chromodo.
That little bit of crapware isn't secure at all: it's set as the default browser, and "all shortcuts are replaced with Chromodo links and all settings, cookies, etc are imported from Chrome. They also hijack DNS settings, among other shady practices," Google's Tavis Ormandy notes.
Chromodo is promoted as a "private browser" on Comodo's website, but it's not only not private, it's not remotely safe to use, because it also disables Chrome's same-origin policy.
The same-origin policy enforces a rule that one script can only access data in another script if they're both from the same site. Without it, users are exposed to malicious sites sniffing private data.
Google went public with the feature bug because Comodo was unresponsive, we're told.
It's not the first time Comodo's been called out for crapware. In 2015, its PrivDog browser was slapped down by the US Department of Homeland Security for man-in-the-middling users' SSL sessions.
Given that Comodo is also a certificate authority, bypassing end user security is a serious breach of trust. If you've got Comodo's browser installed on your machine, get rid of it. ®
White teenage unemployment is about 14 percent. That for black teenagers is about 30 percent. The labor force participation rate for white teens is 37 percent, and that for black teens is 25 percent. Many years ago, in 1948, the figures were exactly the opposite. The unemployment rate of black 16-year-old and 17-year-old males was 9.4 percent, while that of whites was 10.2 percent. Up until the late 1950s, black teens, as well as black adults, were more active in the labor market than their white counterparts. I will return to these facts after I point out some elitist arrogance and moral bankruptcy.
Supporters of a $15 minimum wage are now admitting that there will be job losses. "Why shouldn't we in fact accept job loss?" asks New School economics and urban policy professor David Howell, adding, "What's so bad about getting rid of crappy jobs, forcing employers to upgrade, and having a serious program to compensate anyone who is in the slightest way harmed by that?" Economic Policy Institute economist David Cooper says: "It could be that they spend more time unemployed, but their income is higher overall. If you were to tell me I could work fewer hours and make as much or more than I could have previously, that would be OK."
What's a "crappy job"? My guess is that many of my friends and I held the jobs Howell is talking about as teenagers during the late 1940s and '50s. During summers, we arose early to board farm trucks to New Jersey to pick blueberries. I washed dishes and mopped floors at Philadelphia's Horn & Hardart restaurant, helped unload trucks at Campbell Soup, shoveled snow, swept out stores, delivered packages and did similar low-skill, low-wage jobs. If today's arrogant elite were around to destroy these jobs through wage legislation and regulation, I doubt whether I and many other black youths would have learned the habits of work that laid the foundation for future success. Today's elite have little taste for my stepfather's admonition: Any kind of job is better than begging and stealing.
What's so tragic about all of this is that black leadership buys into it. What the liberals have in mind when they say there should be "a serious program to compensate anyone who is in the slightest way harmed" is that people who are thrown out of work should be given welfare or some other handout to make them whole. This experimentation with minimum wages on the livelihoods of low-skilled workers is ethically atrocious.
In the first paragraph, I pointed out that black youths had lower unemployment during earlier times. How might that be explained? It would be sheer lunacy to attempt to explain the more favorable employment statistics by suggesting that during earlier periods, blacks faced less racial discrimination. Similarly, it would be lunacy to suggest that black youths had higher skills than white youths. What best explain the loss of teenage employment opportunities, particularly those of black teenagers, are increases in minimum wage laws. There's little dispute within the economics profession that higher minimum wages discriminate against the employment of the least skilled workers, and that demographic is disproportionately represented by black teenagers.
President Barack Obama, the Congressional Black Caucus, black state and local politicians, and civil rights organizations are neither naive nor stupid. They have been made aware of the unemployment effects of the labor laws they support; however, they are part of a political coalition. In order to get labor unions, environmental groups, business groups and other vested interests to support their handout agenda and make campaign contributions, they must give political support to what these groups want. They must support minimum wage increases even though it condemns generations of black youths to high unemployment rates.
I can't imagine what black politicians and civil rights groups are getting in return for condemning black youths to a high rate of unemployment and its devastating effects on upward economic mobility that makes doing so worthwhile, but then again, I'm not a politician.
Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University. To find out more about Walter E. Williams and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM
White Comanche (1968)–Beam Me Up Scotty, This Movie Sucks! (Entire Movie at Bottom of Review)
So, you see there was this little TV series back in the late 1960s called Star Trek, and it's male lead was played by a cool, dashing, hip and awesomely hammy actor by the name of William Shatner. While Star Trek did okay in the ratings there was a cult following around the show and it's cast. Well, White Comanche stars William Shatner, and it's pretty clear this was an attempt to cash in on Shatner's new found popularity, because other than William Shatner, this doesn't have much else going for it.
William Shatner plays the roles of twin brothers, Johnny Moon and Notah, twin half breed (their words, not mine) brothers of Comanche/White persuasion. Johnny lives the life of a white guy (who happens to know how to fight and is quick on the draw), and Notah is known as the White Comanche and is an over the top, out of control killer/raider/raper – a total prick of a killer. This causes a lot trouble for Johnny since they are twins, he's always getting mistaken for Notah and people want to kill Notah (and rightly so)… So people, wanting to kill Notah, unknowingly are trying to kill Johnny – the innocent brother… Okay? Well Johnny is friggin' tired of this and has laid it out: meet me in 4 days at the town of Rio Honcho – two will enter, only one will survive. When Johnny gets into Rio Honco, of course everybody mistakes them for Notah… and all that stuff Notah did makes everyone wants to kill Johnny… wait, I explained all this already. Notah's evil escapades catch up to Johnny again in the days leading up to that big showdown. Add to the mix the fact that the town is divided into two factions with only a good but under resourced sheriff (played by Joseph Cotten) to keep them both from each other's neck, which up until now has worked. Add this new Johnny/Notah thing to the mix and the whole situation boils over – and we haven't even got to the big Johnny/Notah battle. One bad guy shoots the sheriff and then the two factions fight… Eventually Johnny and Notah have it is out, and then there's peace.
Well, I guarantee that all that sounds better than it really is. Not actually a “Spaghetti Western” as this was a Spanish production, this movie severely lacks a budget and direction. It definitely feels and looks different from your standard Spaghetti Western and weirdly, the copy I have is 4×3 – I find most Spaghetti Westerns are shot in widescreen. On Shatner: I like William Shatner, but their Comanche “war cry” is one of the most pathetic things I have ever heard – they sound somewhere between a small dog that had a paw stepped on and a deranged bird.
Is this a good movie? Oh, HELL no. Should you watch it? Well, that's a different matter all together. Honestly, I am glad I watched it just to see such a ridiculous Shatner movie.
I can't seem to find a trailer, but apparently this movie is now public domain, so here is an entire copy of the movie for you to stream if you are a masochist!
White Comanche (Entire Movie)
Advertisements
Anti-LGBT activist and American Family Association director Bryan Fischer took to the airwaves on Monday to deliver a rant directed at LGBT people who want to be equal to their heterosexual counterparts under the law.
Fischer brought up the “Turn Away the Gays” law that is awaiting Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer's signature before being signed into law. The bill — which allows businesses to decline to serve people if doing so would conflict with their “sincerely held religious beliefs” — was passed by both the state House and Senate.
“This is a bill that would protect religious liberty in Arizona for Christians business people” from having to offer their services to LGBT people and same-sex couples, Fischer said, falling back on the right-wing trope that practicing bigotry is a form of “religious freedom.”
“We are hoping that [Arizona Republican Gov.] Jan Brewer will sign this thing,” they said, before condemning Arizona's Republican Sen. Jeff Flake and John McCain for urging Brewer not to sign the unconstitutional bill.
“You've got a lot of pressure,” they went on, “from ‘Big Gay' not to sign this thing.”
The whole business, they said, is an illustration of how, in the U.S., “We are going to have to choose between homosexuality and religious freedom, because we can't have both.”
The law, they said, “does not promote discrimination, it does not cause discrimination,” it “protects the religious liberty of Christian business people in Arizona.”
“There isn't any question that homosexuality is a sin,” said Fischer, “so a homosexual ‘marriage,' is not even a real marriage. It's counterfeit.”
“Big Gay,” they said, “wants to force Christians to commit a sin.”
“If homosexual activists actually believed in tolerance, what they would do is they would respect the convictions of Christian business people,” they insisted. “In fact, I think they're jack-booted homofascist thugs is what ‘Big Gay' is. I'm not saying all homosexuals are like that, I'm talking about the homosexual lobby.”
“They don't believe in tolerance,” they reiterated. “They are jack-booted homofascist thugs who want to use the tyrannical and totalitarian power of the state to send men of faith to jail, and that frankly sounds a lot more like Nazi Germany than the United States of America.”
Watch video about this story, embedded below:
I first felt intrigued by this place when I was digging through maps on Wikimapia in another search for an airdrome and I saw an airfield with some kind of lines drawn on it and characters “419 arz”.
When I got to the location in Gorelovo, I was amazed: there were more helicopters than there are cars on an IKEA parking lot.
Without any security, the site had all characteristics of an abandoned place, with a rusty barbed wire fence and some of the helicopters sunken into the asphalt. The site amazed me so much that I visited it twice, once on a cloudy and once on a sunny day, so this post has photos in different sets of colors.
This is the airfield that looked so intriguing to me. It is 2500 m by 60 m in area. (8200 ft by 200 ft)
The airfield. Airplanes that take off at Pulkovo airport often fly over it.
Coming up to the helicopters.
Getting over the rusty barbed wire fence is nothing difficult
There are so many of them that they don't fit into one photo!
There is still some life going on at the plant, this photo was taken two weeks later and another Mi-6 had appeared.
Two Mi-24. Their condition is more or less operational.
A pack of Mi-24
Mi-24 with office buildings of the plant in the background.
The blades and the guns have already been taken off.
A Mi-24 №32. The reports of other people that have visited this site indicate that it has been here since 2007.
One has a bee painted on it.
The central square.
The helicopters are being taken apart little by little
Signs of vandalism.
Some colorful Mi-6 from Azerbaijan
Some more Ka-32 and Mi-6 from Azerbaijan.
There is not one aircraft that is intact on the storage ground.
Rows.
The central row two weeks later.
Dozens of them!
Some are damaged.
And others not so much.
An Arabian one
Some have sunken into the asphalt up to the gear leg .
A helicopter sunken into the asphalt.
Everything is falling off.
And everything looks ragged.
A Mi-24 cabin.
The front view of a Mi-24 and a Ka-32 at a distance.
Sponsons.
A local secuiry guard.
Mi-2 rear end.
A Mi-2 taken apart forever.
Another pack of Mi-2.
The rear part of a Mi-6.
Dead-clothes.
Another Arabian one.
The tails are thrown into a pile.
The main entrance.
Images by Meteo, reproduced with permission
Michael Mullins finally saw their dream come true last week at Fenway Park.
Mullins, a 38-year-old diehard Red Sox fan with Down syndrome, sang the national anthem before Boston hosted the Tampa Bay Rays in a Thursday night clash. The performance was a raving success.
“I nailed it,” Mullins said after watching a video of their performance at the Michael Lisnow Respite Center on Main Street last Friday, according to the MetroWest Daily News.
Article continues below ...
Mullins reportedly has sung “The Star-Spangled Banner” at McCoy Stadium — home of the Red Sox's Triple-A affiliate in Pawtucket — for the past 10 years. They have performed at several other sporting events, too.
Nothing quite compares to belting out the national anthem before a boisterous crowd at Fenway Park, though, and Sharon Lisnow — co-founder of Michael Lisnow Respite Center — couldn't help but marvel at Mullins' impressive rendition. “It was a night of a lifetime,” Lisnow said.
Check out Mullins' inspiring performance and preparation in the videos below.
MORE FROM NESN:
Red Sox coach uses mic'd up player to wish granddaughter happy birthday
Sonny Gray goofs fans with ball-on-a-string trick
Ichiro lookalikes invade Angels Stadium
For some reason I can only draw humanized ponies lately. C'est la vie.Has some FlutterMac.It would be, like, the quietest ship. . .yay . . .I was going to write a little ficlet to ge with this, but I couldn't decide if this was the first step in affection or if they were a secret item and this situation brought it out. Macintosh does slightly bemuse, as if they were surprised by Fluttershy, but maybe he's surprised that she's being so open. They did get really excited when RD did the Sonic Rainboom in the episode of the same name.Maybe Fluttershy's deeply connected to the reason why Big Mac's competing or maybe she's just really happy about their success.Write your own ficlet in the comments if you want! That'd be cool.Anyhoo, yes, Big Macintosh did just pull that bus, hence the harness and the sweat. The blush on their cheeks could be from the exertion or from the unexpected hug.His waist looks really thick, but there's a reason for that. I was watching strongmen competition vids to get a feel for this and I noticed that strongmen are not built like bodybuilders. They have a much more rectangular bodyshape than the traditional bodybuilder. Apparently when you're actually working out to perform feats of strength rather than look good, you build up much more muscle in your core.Since Big Macintosh is a work horse first, I thought I'd give them a build that's practical.To quote "This is the physique of a guy who wrestles bears on a mountain.". . . the background sucks and I hate it. By the time I got to the building I just ripped it out of a background from the show's opening.
The fish were found in a 1,000ft stretch of the Trent and Mersey canal in Stone.
The Environment Agency is now looking into whether pollution is the cause.
The canal is near the former coal-fired Meaford Power Station where a £300 million power station is planned.
Developers acquired the site in 2004 but it has stood largely empty since then.
An investigation has been launched by the Environment Agency to find out what has killed the fish, including pike, bream and carp.
The agency and Canal River Trust spent hours yesterday (Thur) pumping oxygen into the water in a bid to save the remaining fish.
Environment Agency spokesperson Hannah Brookes said:"We are currently dealing with a fish kill incident on the Trent and Mersey Canal near the former Meaford Power Station in Stone, Staffordshire.
"Our investigation into the cause of this incident is ongoing. We are also assessing the environmental impacts – our current estimates indicate that over 700 fish have died and approximately 300 metres of the canal has been affected."
Two unusual news stories published this month regarding Nazi war criminals living in two different continents sent a powerful and somewhat surprising message regarding the ongoing search for the perpetrators of the Holocaust and related crimes committed by the collaborators of the Third Reich. The first story, which was researched and written by Associated Press Berlin bureau chief Dave Rising and reporters Randy Herschaft in New York and Monika Scislowska in Warsaw, broke two weeks ago and was datelined Minneapolis, Minnesota, where a Ukrainian Nazi collaborator named Michael Karkoc currently resides. The second story was published five days later out of Budapest, where Nazi collaborator Laszlo Csatary was charged by Hungarian prosecutors in connection with their role in the deportation of approximately 15,700 Jews from the city of Kosice (then under Hungarian occupation, today Slovakia) and its environs to the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp in the spring of 1944.
It would be only natural to link the two cases, given the chronological proximity of the publication of the news stories, and the three basic similarities between them. What was striking about both cases, and no doubt was an important factor in the very extensive coverage of the cases all over the world, was first and foremost the age of the suspects. Karkoc is ninety-four and Csatary is ninety-eight, making them the oldest suspected Nazi war criminal ever officially charged with war crimes. In addition, neither was a German nor an Austrian, but rather both were Eastern Europeans, who volunteered to join the forces in cooperation or under the jurisdiction of the Third Reich and are accused of participating in war crimes against innocent civilians. A third similarity is that after World War II both chose to emigrate to Anglo-Saxon democracies, Karkoc to the United States and Csatary to Canada-ostensibly to flee Communism, but also to escape possible prosecution for their wartime activities.
Yet in reality, the cases of Karkoc and Csatary are quite different, due to the identity of their victims, their current legal situations and the manner in which their crimes were revealed. The Karkoc case was initially discovered by a British retired clinical pharmacologist and amateur Nazi war crimes researcher, who found that the Ukrainian, who had served as an officer in the Waffen-SS Galicia Division, was living in the United States. That fact alone would not have been sufficient, however, for the case to warrant any serious attention, without evidence of active participation in war crimes. Thus it was only the excellent research effort by the Associated Press reporters that turned this case into one with potential for legal action by producing documentary evidence that the unit which Karkoc commanded actively participated in the mass murder of Polish civilians in the village of Chlaniow and the town of Podhajce (prior to World War II in Poland, today in Ukraine).
The Csatary case on the other hand, resulted from the initiative of a local informant who gave me the pertinent details on their whereabouts, only after ascertaining that the Wiesenthal Center's “Operation Last Chance” project, which offers financial rewards for information leading to the prosecution and punishment of Nazi war criminals, was still in effect. Unlike Karkoc, who has never been prosecuted, Csatary was convicted in absentia in Czechoslovakia in 1948 (and sentenced to death for their crimes), and was stripped of their Canadian citizenship in the nineties for concealing their wartime activities in Kosice when they emigrated and subsequently obtained citizenship. These proceedings created a body of evidence against Csatary which we can assume was helpful in convincing the Hungarian authorities to indict him.
If we compare the legal situation of the two nonagenarians, the chances of successful legal action are much better in the case of Csatary in Hungary, who has already been charged and whose trial is likely to begin within the next three months. As far as Karkoc is concerned, the US government has not yet taken any legal steps against him, and given the fact that the average deportation case against a Nazi war criminal usually takes four to five years, the only hope might be to convince another country to seek their extradition for war crimes, a process which could be completed much more quickly. This dichotomy is quite ironic, since the US has the world's best record over the past decades in terms of the prosecution of Nazi war criminals, whereas Hungary's record is mixed, with some notable failures like the outrageous acquittal two years ago of gendarmerie officer Sandor Kepiro, who helped organize the massacre of more than 1,250 civilians in the city of Novi Sad, Serbia on January 23, 1942.
Yet despite these differences, the exposure of Karkoc and the impending prosecution of Csatary send a powerful message, that the hunt for those who committed Nazi crimes can still record successes, despite the advanced age of many of the perpetrators. In that regard, the stories of this month remind us that the issue is not a person's chronological age, but rather their physical and mental health. Both Csatary and Karkoc are reasonably healthy, and therefore it would be a terrible mistake and an abdication of our obligation to their victims to ignore them simply because the former was born in 1915 and the latter in 1919. In that regard, I also want to add that we are currently investigating a case of a ninety-nine year old Nazi collaborator accused of actively participating in the mass murder of the Jews in two Eastern European locations, as the quest for justice continues in the race against time.
Mass sacrifice (Kuni Takahashi/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States)
A horrifying festival where 500,000 innocent animals were decapitated by Hindu worshippers has been cancelled – and will never take place again.
Half a million animals were killed – many decapitated – at the Gadhimai festival in Nepal in 2009, and 250,000 in 2014.
Buffalo, goats and chickens were killed by worshippers to appease a Hindu goddess, in the world's largest display of animal sacrifice.
The chairperson of the Gadhimai Temple Trust, which organised the previous festivals said, ‘The time has come to replace killing and violence with peaceful worship and celebration.'
MORE: Dad takes a photo of themselves with their son for 26 years (with a surprise at the end)
A butcher sacrifices a buffalo (Picture AP The Humane Society of the United States)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved A freight train smashed into a charter bus in Biloxi, Mississippi, on Tuesday, March 7, 2017, pushing the bus 300 feet down the tracks authorities said. Authorities worked for more than an hour to remove passengers, Biloxi Fire Chief Joe Boney...
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved A freight train smashed into a charter bus in Biloxi, Mississippi, on Tuesday, March 7, 2017, pushing the bus 300 feet down the tracks authorities said. Authorities worked for more than an hour to remove passengers, Biloxi Fire Chief Joe Boney...
KEVIN MCGILL and JEFF AMY, Associated Press - BILOXI, Miss. (AP) — A charter bus carrying dozens of tourists to Mississippi casinos was stuck on railroad tracks for about five minutes before a freight train barreled into it, sending frantic passengers in all directions, witnesses and authorities said.
Four people were killed Tuesday and 40 were hurt, including seven critically. The cause of the crash is under investigation.
Witnesses said some of the tourists from Texas were getting off the bus as the driver tried to move it, and at least one person was shoved under the bus when the train hit, said Mark Robinson, a Biloxi native, who witnessed the crash.
Body parts were "thrown everywhere," Robinson told WLOX-TV .
The CSX Transportation locomotive pushed the bus about 300 feet before coming to a stop with the mangled bus still straddling the tracks. Authorities said it took more than an hour to get everyone aboard the bus out of the wreckage. Two people had to be removed with metal-cutting equipment.
Robinson said they think the train track, which is on an embankment, poses safety issues.
"It's too steep there," they said.
There have been 16 accidents at the crossing over the past four decades, federal records showed. The crossing has a sign warning drivers that it has a low-ground clearance as well as a bell, lights and crossing arms.
Jim DeLaCruz, a passenger who was in the back of the bus with their wife, told The Sun Herald that they were trying to get off the bus when it was hit.
"The bus tried to clear the tracks and got stuck right in the middle and it couldn't budge, and the train just kept coming and kept coming," they said.
Police Chief John Miller said they aren't sure why the bus couldn't move. Miller said the Echo Transportation bus had come from Austin, Texas, carrying passengers to one of Biloxi's eight casinos.
The weeklong trip started Sunday and was organized by a senior citizens' center in Bastrop, Texas, about 30 miles east of Austin. They were also supposed to visit New Orleans and then return home Saturday, according to a flier about the tour posted by Texas media.
The names of the dead were not immediately released but a Texas school district confirmed that two former administrators with the district were killed. Ken and Peggy Hoffman were retired from the Lockhart school district south of Austin, according to Christina Courson, a district spokesperson.
Ken Hoffman worked for the district for decades and had served as an assistant superintendent. Their wife was an elementary school principal, the spokesperson said. The couple has a daughter and three grandchildren who now teach in the district.
Biloxi Fire Chief Joe Boney said rescuers needed about an hour to clear everyone from the wreckage. A nearby car was used as a stepladder after the crash to get people off the bus, and emergency workers pulled passengers through windows.
Vincent Creel, the city spokesperson, said 48 passengers and the driver were on the bus.
The train was headed from New Orleans to Mobile, Alabama, at the time of the crash, said CSX spokesperson Gary Sease. They said the train crew was not injured. The single track is the CSX mainline along the Gulf Coast, passing through densely populated areas of southern Mississippi.
Federal Railroad Agency records show 10 trains a day typically use the track, with a maximum speed of 45 mph. Records show there have been 16 accidents at the crossing since 1976.
Accidents in 1983 and 2003 each involved a fatality. A delivery truck also was struck at the same crossing in January. No one was injured in that crash.
The bus was marked as belonging to Echo Transportation, which Texas corporate records show is a unit of a company called TBL Group, based in Grand Prairie, near Dallas.
"We can't confirm anything at this point," said Elisa Fox, a lawyer for the bus company. "We're trying to mobilize to assess the situation."
The Federal Railroad Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating.
___
Amy reported from Jackson, Mississippi. Associated Press writers Sarah Smith in Jackson, Mississippi, and Jeff Martin in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
View Gallery / 9 Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Biloxi bus crash
Counter-Currents.com, a Web site you probably do not encounter in your standard Internet travels, exists to advance the books of noted neo-Nazis and the creation of an all-white nationalist state.
Amazon.com, a site visited by 80 million people daily, exists to sell things.
But for the past five years, Amazon and Counter Currents have been entwined in a little-seen symbiosis: Counter Currents belongs to Amazon's Affiliates program, which means it funnels traffic to the Amazon store. In exchange, Amazon sends Counter Currents a percentage of the sale — 7 percent or more.
[Read more: The Internet's most-hated men]
Counter Currents made more than $5,000 through the program between 2010 and 2012, according to its own reports. And according to Heidi Beirich, who directs research at the Southern Poverty Law Center, a noted civil-rights advocacy group, it's only one of a number of white supremacist groups that Amazon inadvertently funds through Affiliates. Neither Amazon nor its public relations firm responded to multiple requests for comment, which is not unusual for stories involving the company.
In fact, in a series of research reports — the latest of which was released last week — the SPLC identifies three major Internet companies that white supremacist groups used to finance their activities, including Amazon, PayPal and Spotify. And those corporations aren't doing it unknowingly, either: In all three cases, they've been contacted repeatedly by the SPLC and have either declined to enforce their existing policies against hate speech or simply have not replied.
“I have contacted them and explained, ‘You are literally funding hate groups,' ” Beirich said. “But they never respond. … Someone says they're concerned, they're looking into it, they'll get back to you soon — then, nothing. You never hear back.”
Without financial disclosures from the Internet companies and groups in question, it's impossible to quantify exactly how much money white supremacists are making from this scheme, or how much money the arrangement is making for tech companies. In most cases, these groups keep their financial details private. That said, companies like PayPal and Spotify make it clear exactly how they divide profits with users, which provides a general sketch of what any profit-sharing looks like.
PayPal — the “banking system of the hate movement,” Beirich says — collects a 2.9 percent fee on payments sent. Translation: During Counter Currents' last summer fundraiser, during which the group earned $40,372, PayPal stood to make more than $1,000. As of last spring, at least 69 SPLC-designated “hate groups” used PayPal, according to that organization.
“PayPal's policies prohibit individuals and groups from using PayPal to promote hate, violence or racial intolerance, or to call for violence of any kind against any group,” a PayPal spokesperson said. “We assess potential violations of our policy objectively on a case-by-case basis.” PayPal would not elaborate on that process, other than to say that the company has “a team dedicated to investigations.”
Spotify, per its own figures, collects 30 percent of the total revenue from songs streamed on its service — including albums with names like “White Pride White Passion.” (In a statement to The Post, Spotify said it “takes these issues very seriously,” and that it “proactively” removes songs and artists across its sites when they are flagged by a German review board.)
And Amazon, through the affiliate program, distributes between 7 and 10 percent of referred sales to its “partners;” Nazi flags, Swastika pins and other “white pride” memorabilia also sell in Amazon's “Marketplace,” where Amazon collects fees of 8 to 45 percent. To become a member of the affiliates program, Amazon requires applicants to confirm that their sites do not “promote discrimination, or employ discriminatory practices, based on race, sex, religion,” or a number of other categories. That does not appear to have stopped several white supremacist groups from slipping through. (Amazon's founder and chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, is also the owner of The Washington Post.)
“These are normal, corporate businesses,” a frustrated Beirich said, “and they're providing services to the white supremacy movement.”
To be clear, of course, nothing legally prevents companies like Amazon from doing business with neo-Nazis, raging misogynists or anyone else. But PayPal's terms of service explicitly ban the promotion of “hate, violence or racial intolerance,” and Spotify and Amazon both have similar policies — as do sites like, say, Facebook. The difference, Beirich says, is that Facebook has enforced its policy strenuously, while these other sites have not.
To some extent, that discrepancy would seem to speak to larger difficulties around policing hate groups and hate speech on the Internet, a problem criminologists have documented since the 1990s. Private companies, like Facebook or Amazon or The Washington Post, can moderate speech as they see fit. Still, says Brian Blakemore, the head of the Police Sciences division at the University of South Wales and the co-editor, with Imran Awan, of a recent book on cyber-hate, there's some cultural resistance against Internet moderation in favor of absolute free speech.
“My own personal view is that Internet companies are not doing enough to tackle cyber-hate,” said Awan, the deputy director of the Centre for Applied Criminology at Birmingham City University. “I have twice given evidence before [British Parliament] on Islamophobia and both times argued that sites … have been neglectful and not willing to act because of freedom of speech.”
But part of the problem is also logistical, Awan and Blakemore both point out. Companies like Amazon and Paypal process billions of transactions from millions of buyers and sellers each week, which makes policy enforcement a huge and difficult task. These sites also operate in dozens of countries around the world, which makes choosing one standardized policy fairly difficult. What's offensive in France might not be in Brazil. What an American civil rights group sees as “advocating violence” could look like political speech to another viewer, in another light.
It's telling, for instance, that Spotify — though it's headquartered in Stockholm and London, and though it operates in dozens of countries — removes music from all of its markets according to standards set in Germany, where violations are punishable by law.
“I guess the question for Paypal and Amazon is, which organisations do they listen to when they are lobbied to remove an offensive product or service?” Blakemore told The Post by e-mail. “It could be argued by them that the SPLC is just a lobby group like any other and if you listen to one you listen to them all. … It's a rather weak argument in my mind, but there you are.”
Meanwhile, many experts point out that — even if funding for racist publishers, blogs and bands dries up — those publishers, blogs and bands are unlikely to stop their work. Jack Levin, a criminologist at Northeastern University, points out that white supremacists and other fringe political groups haven't been dissuaded even by lawsuits that cost them millions of dollars, simply because they're not motivated by money.
“Hate groups have existed on- and offline with a minimum of funding,” they said. “PayPal might be a major method for sending ‘tips' to Counter Current authors, but hate on the Internet can survive in its absence. … They write to inform the public or to persuade the public to their way of thinking. Money is pretty much irrelevant.”
The SPLC's recent victories would seem to bear that out: iTunes recently took down albums from several bands that promoted violence against Jews and African Americans, but those bands' albums are still available on eBay, Amazon and nsm88.org (“the largest and most active National Socialist party in America today”), among other sites; in 2013, PayPal suspended the accounts of both Stormfront and the Vanguard News Network. Those sites are still online.
At this time last year, both VDARE, a radical white nationalist site, and Pioneer Little Europe, which advocates the creation of all-white communes, were using Amazon and PayPal — and begging their users to do the same, the SPLC reports. (In December 2013, VDARE even ran a banner atop its site urging people to shop for Christmas gifts at Amazon, where “we get a commission on any purchases you make.”) As of today, however, both sites have switched to in-house services, the result of — per PLE — “enemies against our way of life … harassing service providers.”
Even though PLE is now soliciting donations by snail mail, it's still publishing on topics like “do whites in South Africa have human rights?”
Still, Beirich, of the Southern Poverty Law Center, argues that disrupting these groups' funding would at least help disrupt their activities, a correlation that's been echoed by Greg Johnson, Counter Currents' own editor-in-chief. Counter Currents has long disputed SPLC's characterization of its work — SPLC is “a powerful Southern Jewish hate group,” one writer for the site said in 2013 — but it is right, Johnson wrote last year, that losing Paypal and Amazon services “could slow [Counter Currents] momentum … [and] stunt its growth.”
There's a principle at play here, too, Beirich says: Amazon, PayPal and Spotify have policies against hateful and racist speech. Why aren't they enforcing them? And why isn't anyone else complaining? Internet activists petitioned Apple for diverse emoji and boycotted Facebook over a mood status for “fat,” but the petition-site Change.org is silent on subjects like payment processing for groups that advocate “white hegemony.”
That leaves Beirich and their team to sound the alarm from Montgomery, Ala., calling Silicon Valley offices and navigating voicemail webs and waiting for replies that rarely satisfy — if they come at all.
“You're calling from a national newspaper,” Beirich said, with a sigh. “Maybe they'll pick up the phone for you.”
Liked that? Try these:
The bite has become more challenging as Old Man Winter approaches. Anglers in the northern states are facing obstacles of rapidly dropping temps (we have had lows in the upper teens the last two days) and shorter windows of sunlight. With the Daylight Savings Time change, it is typically dark by the time you get off work. However, plenty of good fishing opportunities exist in the Midwest during November.
While the bite is more challenging, fish are still feeding. This is a time of year to consider all variables if you know you are on fish. Depth, retrieval speed, lure action, and wind are all factors that need to be taken into account. I will change a variable much more quickly if the fish are not biting in late fall then I would in the spring or summer.
I have found that trolling in the kayak is a great way to find fish, while being able to control depth and cover lots of water in relatively short time. Rattle lures, crank baits, and swim baits allow for a variety of depths to be explored while paddling across the water. Trolling in a kayak, however, is not the most precise way to control lure speed or action.
An angler can take advantage of these variables with casting or jigging while drifting to utilize the strength of the wind. I have had nice success in the past month while drifting - using one rod to “drag” a lure (usually a crank or swim bait) while jigging or casting with another (usually an in-line spinner). This has worked well on days when the wind is not overpowering.
On the days when the wind is so strong that you spend more time repositioning then fishing, I have used one of two strategies. The first is to allow Mother Nature to work you to the wind-blown side of the water. One big advantage is this places you where the forage is as well, and that is often where you can find the fish. Another good option on a windy day is to find an area protected from the wind and work the calmer waters. While this can make for smoother paddling, it can also limit the amount of water you have available to fish. With my poor paddling skills, I often select this option instead of battling the whitecaps.
Regardless of the challenges of fishing in late fall in the Midwest, an angler can still get out and experience some success. However, soon the only way to fish with a kayak is to use it to drag an auger and tip-ups onto the ice.
It was only a matter of time before the emerging legal cannabis industry began using one of America's most popular business methods for rapid growth -- franchising. This startup sector is wide-open spaces right now, and full of interesting players looking to grow fast and establish a national brand name.
The quest to franchise a legal cannabis business is even the subject of an upcoming CNN reality-TV series, High Profits, about Breckenridge Cannabis Club in Colorado.
It makes sense that some cannabis businesses will try to grow via the franchise model, which allows them to expand using the franchise owners' money, rather than corporate capital. This approach has been the fast-growth enabler for so many iconic American brands.
Franchising could seem like a natural step to take. Many entrepreneurs are anxious to get in on the 'Green Rush' -- and there's obvious appeal to a done-for-you, turnkey system that would get you into legal weed, without learning to be a grower.
But with cannabis still not federally legal, and a patchwork of rapidly changing state regulations, this isn't your typical franchise scenario. Would-be franchise owners should proceed with extreme caution.
Here are some of the potential stumbling blocks on the road to legal cannabis franchise success:
Sudden death risk. There's an onerous warning in the federally required Franchise Disclosure Document of legal cannabis franchises. It cautions that while cannabis may be legal in the state where you operate, it is still federally illegal -- and if they get in the mood, the Feds could pop in and shut you down. Operating a legal cannabis franchise is basically a dice-roll, notes New York franchise attorney Harold Kestenbaum. The business could suddenly go bust at any moment, your investment could be lost, and the franchisor won't be able to protect you from that. "This is an area where nobody really knows the answer," they say. "It's clearly an issue."
There's an onerous warning in the federally required Franchise Disclosure Document of legal cannabis franchises. It cautions that while cannabis may be legal in the state where you operate, it is still federally illegal -- and if they get in the mood, the Feds could pop in and shut you down. Operating a legal cannabis franchise is basically a dice-roll, notes New York franchise attorney Harold Kestenbaum. The business could suddenly go bust at any moment, your investment could be lost, and the franchisor won't be able to protect you from that. "This is an area where nobody really knows the answer," they say. "It's clearly an issue." Evolving legal landscape. While marijuana advocates believe legalization will continue to spread and become federally legal as well, things could swing the other way. In 2016, it's possible we'll have a Republican president, or Congress's makeup could change. Suddenly, we could see a more aggressive federal attitude toward busting legal-pot businesses in decriminalizing states, increasing the sudden-death risk. The states that have legalized medical and recreational pot could also vote to re-criminalize it, vaporizing the legal-cannabis market in their state overnight.
While marijuana advocates believe legalization will continue to spread and become federally legal as well, things could swing the other way. In 2016, it's possible we'll have a Republican president, or Congress's makeup could change. Suddenly, we could see a more aggressive federal attitude toward busting legal-pot businesses in decriminalizing states, increasing the sudden-death risk. The states that have legalized medical and recreational pot could also vote to re-criminalize it, vaporizing the legal-cannabis market in their state overnight. Newbie franchisors. Most cannabis businesses are startups themselves, and have no past franchise experience. For instance, pot-smoking cafe concept Cafe Serendipity has no corporate stores. Their first shop, opened last August, is operated by a licensee, and just three units are open so far. It's highly preferable to have a franchisor that's extensively road-tested their model, worked the bugs out, and built a support team to help their franchise owners -- after all, that's what you pay the franchise fee for. Here, you get a ground-floor opportunity, but with an unproven team. It could pay off big, but you could also find yourself floundering without a proven system or adequate support.
Most cannabis businesses are startups themselves, and have no past franchise experience. For instance, pot-smoking cafe concept Cafe Serendipity has no corporate stores. Their first shop, opened last August, is operated by a licensee, and just three units are open so far. It's highly preferable to have a franchisor that's extensively road-tested their model, worked the bugs out, and built a support team to help their franchise owners -- after all, that's what you pay the franchise fee for. Here, you get a ground-floor opportunity, but with an unproven team. It could pay off big, but you could also find yourself floundering without a proven system or adequate support. Skimpy profits. Cannabis may sound like a cash cow, but it's often highly taxed. In Washington State, for instance, retailers face a 25-percent use tax that some retailers say is killing their businesses.
Cannabis may sound like a cash cow, but it's often highly taxed. In Washington State, for instance, retailers face a 25-percent use tax that some retailers say is killing their businesses. Fluctuating prices. This is an emerging legal industry, and it's unclear where product prices will stabilize. More growers may pile in, causing a product glut and price crash that could hurt margins for a wide variety of cannabis business types.
This is an emerging legal industry, and it's unclear where product prices will stabilize. More growers may pile in, causing a product glut and price crash that could hurt margins for a wide variety of cannabis business types. Not really franchises. Some startup cannabis businesses are using the 'business opportunity' or licensing route, rather than franchising. They do this because it's less regulated than franchising, or because it's simply easier and faster to set up this structure. The licensing or business opportunity format may be less expensive in terms of up-front costs, but be even more wary. The 'biz-opp' space is full of dubious offers -- you'll want to do extensive due diligence.
For instance, Cafe Serendipity in Henderson, Nev., is currently offering a licensing arrangement to interested entrepreneurs, while the company completes its financials audit and goes through the franchise approval process, says senior national sales vice president Jimmy Moore. It costs $50,000 to license their products and format -- plus a 6% royalty for existing dispensaries that want to convert to the Serendipity format, or and 10% royalty for ground-up new stores. In all, Moore says, the financial commitment to open a store runs $300,000-$400,000, depending on licensing costs in your locale.
Despite the startup nature of the model, Moore says interest is robust. "I'm on the phone from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. at night," they say. "We have a lot of traction."
The hybrid solution
One franchise idea has emerged that may offer the flexibility needed to survive the uncertain times ahead. Buy a franchise that has another business, where the legal-cannabis offering is a bolt-on feature. If you're busted or laws change, you could potentially continue with the rest of the business and simply stop selling pot.
That's the model offered by Palm Beach Vapors, a quit-smoking 'vaping' concept that recently added a medical marijuana package to its franchise offering, with attorney Kestenbaum's help. If a franchisee got busted by the Feds, they could theoretically remove the cannabis aspect and continue with the tobacco side of the business.
Thus far, two Palm Beach franchisees have added the chain's "M-System," in California and Indiana, company spokesperson Emily Cheng says. The system allows cannabis consumers to easily adjust the strength of their dose.
What do you think of legal cannabis franchising? Leave a comment and share your take on it.
[oldembed width="420" height="245" src="https://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/32545640" flashvars="launch=44027940&width=420&height=245" fid="2"]
Scarce put up New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's speech defending their nomination of Solahi Mohammed to NJ's Superior Court earlier. And as much as I find to vehemently disagree with Chris Christie--and there are volumes of disagreement-- there's something refreshing in seeing a Republican reject typical xenophobic memes and speak on an intellectually honest level.
The question on Sharia Law seemed to set Christie off, as they said exasperated: “Sharia Law has nothing to do with this at all, it's crazy! The guy is an American citizen!” They concluded that the “Sharia Law business is just crap… and I'm tried of dealing with the crazies,” adding with disgust and frustration that “it's just unnecessary to be accusing this guy of things just because of their religious background.”
Lawrence O'Donnell thought so too, and awarded Christie with the first ever The Last Word standing ovation for refusing to capitulate to the ugliness that is the Republican Party's unabashed islamophobia and rightfully characterize those practitioners as "crazies."
Unfortunately, there are consequences to be paid for such honesty. Certainly, getting applauded by liberals on the derided liberal station MSNBC isn't good for one's conservative cred. Next thing you know, Christie's mug will be up on Pammy Geller's website as a islamo-fascist terrorist lover.
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Thursday's raids across the UK were linked to one south London gang
Some of London's most dangerous gangs are increasingly expanding their criminal activities across the UK, the Metropolitan Police has warned.
Officers say 54 gangs from the capital now have "tentacles" in other towns and cities, selling drugs and causing violence on a larger scale.
Police liken them to businesses, saying areas are selected depending on demand and whether other gangs operate.
Raids across the UK on Thursday targeted one south London gang.
Gangs are spreading their wings so rather working in London, they are going into the counties, even Scotland to deal drugs, DCI Tim Champion
Twenty-nine people aged 18 to 47 were arrested in the latest phases of an operation said to be focused on the so-called GAS gang, based in Lambeth.
Simultaneous raids took place at 23 properties.
The Met Police searched nine addresses in Lambeth, one in Southwark, one in Hackney and another in Brent.
Seven properties were targeted in the Thames Valley, two in Edinburgh, one in Essex and one in Bedfordshire.
Police said the operation illustrated how gangs were targeting new areas to confuse investigators and generate more profit.
Officers say the 54 London gangs that they believe have made criminal advances around the regions are already behind two-thirds of gang-related crime in the capital.
Det Ch Insp Tim Champion, from the Met's Operation Trident Gang Crime Command, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "What we are noticing is that gangs are spreading their wings, so rather than working in London, they are going into the counties, even Scotland, to deal drugs. So basically it's an expanding trade.
"We have communication with all our colleagues in the county forces and in Scotland, so distance isn't an issue if you are actually talking about operations from a London perspective, but we work with local forces from up there. So it's not always the case we have to go up there ourselves."
But there are questions over whether the UK's other police forces have the same expertise and resources as the Met to tackle to complexities of gang organisation and crime.
US 'franchises'
Academics highlight the situation in the US in the 1990s which saw gangs expand into different locations to escape rivals or to take advantage of underserved markets.
The Latin Kings gang formed in Chicago in the 1940s now has what it describes as "tribes" in more than 39 states, as well as links to to Europe and Latin America.
Roger Graef, film-maker and criminologist at the London School of Economics, said gangs in the UK often mirrored what goes on in the US.
They said: "In America where all of this happened in the 1990s, the [Los Angeles-based] Crips and the Bloods really had thousands of members and they franchised to other cities, partly because it was safer.
"If they could go to Denver or Washington and places like that they would have almost virgin territory for drug dealing and the stuff they would do and they would be less threatened by the rival gangs."
Scotland Yard said Thursday's raids involved more than 700 officers and targeted what are believed to be "the most senior ranking high harm members" of the London gang.
The Met was assisted by officers from the Thames Valley, Essex and Bedfordshire police forces, as well as Police Scotland.
Those arrested are suspected of crimes including conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, money laundering, fraud and immigration offences.
The Met said its work also involves preventing people from joining gangs and suspects are offered support to help them "escape" from such activity.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The case prompted a debate about racial profiling, as David Willis reports
George Zimmerman, the Florida neighbourhood watchman who shot dead an unarmed black 17-year-old male last year, has been found not guilty.
Lawyers for Mr Zimmerman, 29, argued they acted in self-defence and with justifiable use of deadly force in the death of Trayvon Martin.
The jury retired on Friday to consider its verdict on charges of either second-degree murder or manslaughter.
The case sparked a fierce debate about racial profiling in the US.
Spontaneous protest marches were staged overnight in US cities including San Francisco, Philadelphia, Chicago, Washington and Atlanta, US media reported.
Police and community leaders appealed for calm in Sanford, the Florida town where the shooting took place.
'No further business'
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Defence attorney Don West: "The prosecution of George Zimmerman was disgraceful"
After the verdict, Judge Deborah Nelson told Mr Zimmerman they were free to go.
"Your bond will be released. Your GPS monitor will be cut off when you exit the courtroom over here. And you have no further business with the court," Judge Nelson said.
Mr Zimmerman showed little reaction as the verdict was read out.
"Hopefully everyone will respect the jury's verdict," their lawyer Mark O'Mara told reporters after the case.
They said Mr Zimmerman would now have to be "very cautious and protective of their safety because there is still a fringe element who have said that they would revenge - that they would not listen to - a verdict of not guilty."
'Stand Your Ground' laws Provide that people who fear for their lives can use deadly force to defend themselves without having to flee a confrontation
Cited by Florida police after they released George Zimmerman without charge on the night of the shooting
Allows use of deadly force if citizen believes it is necessary "to prevent death or great bodily harm" or "imminent commission of a forcible felony"
Critics say they encourage a "shoot first" attitude
At least 33 states allow use of deadly force in self-defence, according to Association of Prosecuting Attorneys US media on Zimmerman verdict
Another member of their defence team, Don West, said: "I'm thrilled that this jury kept this tragedy from becoming a travesty."
The BBC's David Willis, in Florida, says the case brought into sharp relief some of the most divisive issues in the United States: race, gun control and equal justice under the law.
Florida police did not arrest Mr Zimmerman for six weeks after the shooting, provoking mass rallies in Florida and throughout the US.
Police justified their decision not to detain them by citing the state's controversial "stand your ground" law, which allows a citizen to use lethal force if they or they feel in imminent danger. Police initially said the law prevented them from bringing charges.
Benjamin Crump, the Martin family lawyer, said: "Trayvon Martin will forever remain in the annals of history... as a symbol for the fight for equal justice for all."
He, too, appealed for calm, saying "for Trayvon to rest in peace, we must all be peaceful".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Local resident: "I feel Obama needs to get involved"
The family's legal team said they were not in the courtroom when the verdict was read out.
Hooded sweatshirt
State Attorney Angela Corey said they believed prosecutors had "brought out the truth on behalf of Trayvon Martin".
"This case has never been about race or the right to bear arms,'' they said.
"We believe this case all along was about boundaries, and George Zimmerman exceeded those boundaries."
As the jury retired on Friday, the judge told the panel of six women to consider whether Mr Zimmerman acted in self-defence and with justifiable use of deadly force.
Without explicitly discussing race, the prosecution had suggested Mr Zimmerman assumed the African-American teenager, who was wearing a hooded sweatshirt as they walked in the rain, was up to no good.
Image caption Trayvon Martin was unarmed and walking home to their father's house
But the defence said Trayvon Martin punched their client, slammed their head into the pavement and reached for Mr Zimmerman's gun.
The accused, who was legally armed with a pistol, had been sitting in their vehicle on a dark street when they saw Martin.
Mr Zimmerman telephoned police to report a suspicious person, then left their vehicle in apparent pursuit of the teenager.
Shortly afterwards, Martin was found dead, shot in the chest.
'Civil rights violations'
Earlier, Mr Zimmerman's lawyer said they had proven their client's "pure, unadulterated innocence" in Martin's death.
But prosecutors said the accused had told a series of lies.
US President Barack Obama commented on the case last March following calls for the arrest of Mr Zimmerman.
They said the "tragedy" of an unarmed black teenager shot dead in Florida should prompt some national soul-searching.
"If I had a son, they would look like Trayvon," President Obama told reporters at the White House.
Following the verdict, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) - best known for its battles against segregation and discrimination - said it was calling "immediately for the Justice Department to conduct an investigation into the civil rights violations committed against Trayvon Martin".
"This case has re-energised the movement to end racial profiling in the United States," Roslyn M Brock, chairperson of the NAACP, said in a statement.
This article is over 8 years old
Rev Kevin J Gray charged with larceny after archdiocese asked police to investigate missing money
Catholic priest in America 'stole church funds to pay for male escorts'
A Roman Catholic priest has been arrested over claims they stole $1.3m (£750,000) in church money over seven years. They allegedly spent it on male escorts, clothing, luxury hotels and restaurants.
Police in Waterbury, Connecticut, said the Rev Kevin J Gray, 64, was charged today with first-degree larceny. Gray is the former pastor at Sacred Heart/Sagrado Corazón parish in Waterbury.
The Hartford archdiocese asked police to investigate last month after it found the priest may have taken more than $1m for personal use.
Gray was Sacred Heart's pastor from January 2003 until April 2010.
Image copyright Getty Images
Bitcoin plunged on Friday, extending a fall that saw the crypto-currency lose almost a third of its value from a record of nearly $20,000 (£15,000).
The crypto-currency's price dipped below $11,000 on Friday, according to the Coindesk exchange website, before recovering to above $13,000.
Amid the swings, three Bitcoin-related exchanges suspended certain trades.
Bitcoin has had a blistering trip over the past 12 months. Its price at the start of the year was about $1,000.
It has skyrocketed since - more than doubling in value since November - drawing interest from major firms as well as private investors.
But since Sunday Bitcoin has been on a losing streak, falling back to where it was at the start of December.
Analysts said investors should be prepared for such rapid changes, which have characterised the asset from its start.
"This is exactly how this asset trades and has done since the beginning," said Nick Colas, co-founder of New York-based DataTrek Research. "It has a lot of volatility and it will for the foreseeable future."
What happened on Friday?
This week's plunge led to a flood of trades that swamped one of Bitcoin's major exchanges, Coinbase, on Friday. A technical slowdown prompted the firm to halt buying and selling twice.
The CME and CBOE exchanges in the US also temporarily suspended trading of certain Bitcoin futures contracts, which allow investors to bet on where they expect the price of Bitcoin to be at certain points in the future.
The exchanges have automatic brakes that apply once a commodity or asset has moved by a certain amount - as happened in this case.
What sparked the slump?
The market remains driven by sentiment, according to Charles Hayter, founder and chief executive of industry website Cryptocompare.
"A manic upward swing led by the herd will be followed by a downturn as the emotional sentiment changes," they said.
Some traders would have been cashing in on the spectacular gains made over the year, they added.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Some argue the crypto-currency craze is just a lot of hot air (yes, we know it is probably helium)
Concerns about the infrastructure behind crypto-assets may also be spooking investors, said Nick Colas, themselves a Bitcoin trader.
In recent weeks, markets have been rattled by hacks and allegations of insider trading.
They attribute some of this week's slump to the launch of a new crypto-asset that came earlier than planned. The surprise temporary shutdown of Coinbase on Friday was the kind of thing that could erode investor confidence, they argued.
"It is not OK to just take trading offline randomly through the day," they said. "The robustness of that system is just as important to their confidence... as the price of crypto-currencies themselves."
A spokesperson for Coinbase said the firm was working around the clock to ensure smooth trading. Friday's suspensions lasted for about two hours in total.
"We're doing everything within our power," the spokesperson said.
What exactly is Bitcoin?
A digital asset, Bitcoin is not backed by any governments. It is created through a complex process known as "mining", and then monitored by a network of computers across the world.
There is a steady stream of about 3,600 new Bitcoins a day, with more than 16.5 million now in circulation. Supply is expected to peak at about 21 million.
Every single transaction is recorded in a public list called the blockchain.
This makes it possible to trace the history of Bitcoins to stop people from spending coins they do not own, making copies or undoing transactions.
What are authorities saying about Bitcoin?
Regulators around the world have stepped up their warnings about its provenance as an investment.
One of this week's most striking comments came from Denmark's central bank governor, who called it a "deadly" gamble.
Earlier this month, the head of one of the UK's leading financial regulators warned people to be ready to "lose all their money" if they invested in Bitcoin.
Andrew Bailey, head of the Financial Conduct Authority, told the BBC that neither central banks nor the government stood behind the "currency" and therefore it was not a secure investment.
Despite the risk to individuals, US authorities have said they do not think it is a big enough part of financial markets to be a threat to broader economic stability.
NewsONâ€™s latest update provides viewers with an enhanced alerting experience and greater coverage with the addition of 14 stations Screenshot of NewsON multi-station alerts (Graphic: Business Wire)
August 30, 2016
ATLANTA–NewsONÂ today announced the availability of breaking news alerts that deliver instant access to coverage from multiple local TV stations via one notification in its mobile app. In addition,Â NewsONÂ continues to expand its U.S. market footprint with the arrival of 14 new stations in August.
â€œNewsON is committed to connecting people to the communities they care about by expanding the audience for local news coverageâ€ Tweet this
Multi-station alerts give viewers a choice of which station to watch when breaking news stories are being covered by several stations in theÂ NewsONapp.
As an example, recent tropical weather events illustrate how consumers benefit when selecting what coverage is most useful to them. Below, you can see how stations in Miami, Orlando, and West Palm Beach all tracked the development of the storm. Viewers had the option of choosing among five different stations that were all covering the story in cities that had the potential to be affected.
In addition to providing access across a wide area, multi-station alerts also play an important role when notifying users of local breaking news. If an event is taking place in a specific city, viewers can easily see all of theÂ NewsONÂ stations in that metropolitan area that are covering the event. For example,Â NewsONÂ now has 39 cities with more than one station, so when news breaks the alert allows the viewer to choose which station they would prefer to watch.
NewsONÂ has also expanded its reach this month with the addition of 14 new stations, four of which are in new markets including Charleston, WV; El Paso, TX; Springfield, IL and Syracuse, NY.Â NewsONÂ now features video content from 163 stations in 108 markets covering 83% of the U.S. population.Â NewsONÂ covers 48 of the top 50 markets, and 88 of the top 100 markets.
â€œNewsONÂ is committed to connecting people to the communities they care about by expanding the audience for local news coverage,â€ said Louis Gump, CEO ofÂ NewsON. â€œViewers have told us that they love our alerts, and wanted more choices, so thatâ€™s what weâ€™re delivering. Viewers have also shared that they wanted more cities and stations, so weâ€™re adding them â€“ a lot of them. Itâ€™s energizing to see more and more people viewingÂ NewsONÂ as a uniquely valuable source for local news nationwide, and moving us to their phoneâ€™s home screen.â€
NewsONÂ is the first-of-its-kind service that provides consumers with access to live and on-demand local newscasts as well as local news clips on mobile and connected TV devices. The free, ad-supported app features flexible navigation that encourages discovery, offering instant access to broadcast-quality video. It also enables users to search by market via an interactive map and for curated content linking coverage of breaking news events from multiple stations. TheÂ NewsONÂ app has received a very favorable response from users, with positive ratings as well as expressions of gratitude for its service across platforms.
TheÂ NewsONÂ app is available for Apple iPhone and iPad, Android phone and tablet, and on the Roku platform on Roku players and Roku TVs. DownloadÂ NewsONÂ fromÂ iTunes,Â Google PlayÂ andÂ Roku Channel Store.
AboutÂ NewsON
NewsONÂ provides a nationwide lineup of local news from trusted, credible TV stations, giving consumers access to live and on-demand local newscasts and local news clips.Â NewsONÂ is available for Apple iPhone and iPad, Android phone and tablet, and Roku devices, and offers a free, ad-supported app which features instant access to broadcast-quality video. TheÂ NewsONÂ ownership group includes the ABC Owned Television Station Group, Cox Media Group, Hearst Television, Hubbard Broadcasting, Media General, Raycom Media and Sinclair Broadcast Group, and also includes additional station groups that are dedicated to serving customers across platforms in their communities and beyond.
I do not live in a bubble, and one of the ways I work things out is to write. So I have put this piece together as a means of expiating my own grief over the results of the recent presidential election.
At first, I wanted to keep my mourning private, especially as my current role as a college president requires me to tread carefully and not give an institutional patina to my personal thoughts. I have also not wanted to invite the various trolls who consider my views like catnip. But I have come to the view that silence will probably cause greater harm to our country's immigrant students, particularly those "DREAMers" -- the hundreds of thousands of students in the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, who were brought to this country as children and have been allowed to attend college. The 1982 Supreme Court case Plyler v. Doe allowed them to stay in school, while DACA gave them employment authorization, lawful presence and Social Security numbers. It is by no means legalization, but it has been a transformative program while Congress has fiddled over immigration reform.
Indeed, I have dedicated my entire life to many ideals, but the ones that matter the most were repudiated on election night. Since then, I have arranged over a dozen conference calls with DREAMers, immigration lawyers, college presidents and reporters. Many know I helped write the Texas statutes that give many of the DREAMers resident Texas tuition and financial aid. Inasmuch as I have taught higher education law and also immigration law for 35 years, these are my fields. I have won many more contests in this terrain than I have lost, but this one hurts, and I feel as if we all let down my students, a dereliction of duty that I feel deeply. I fear for the DACA students, many of them in my own institution, who placed their lives and hopes in higher education and the polity. I urged them to trust we would do the right thing if they took responsibility for their own lives by studying and coming forward. They have done so, but now we have not held up our part of the bargain.
In the wake of the election, a number of colleges and universities are declaring themselves "sanctuary campuses," saying they will limit their cooperation with federal immigration authorities. However, the various proposals for carving out sanctuary campuses have occasioned even more vexation for me, and this viral-fed option is what finally moved me to write this article.
These well-intentioned efforts to establish a sanctuary use the term in its root ecclesiastic meanings, such as providing safe harbor. But from whom?
"Sanctuary" is also a contronym -- an example of a single word that has opposite meanings. ("Sanction" is another.) To many folks, the term depicts a defiance of law and serves as a trope for unauthorized immigration and liberal pieties. That it has become tinged with racist and anti-Mexican sentiment renders the term even more poisonous. One person's safe harbor is another person's harboring, in the dueling metaphors, if not the actual immigration law.
My view on these proposals is that they provide a chimerical outlet for people who are frustrated and have no other pathways to ameliorate the situation. But the term "sanctuary" is a term that is too fraught with restrictionist meanings or misunderstandings about the difference between "defying the law" or choosing not to implement discretionary practices, for policy, efficacy or other reasons. Worse, it has no legal meaning and the admonitions are vague and impossible to implement, which will only frustrate people more.
I have urged all those people who have called me to be very cautious in suggesting that a legal cocoon is possible or even needed for students -- who, after all, are not lawbreakers. Of course, institutions should provide support and services, as they would for all their students, especially vulnerable ones. But exacting pledges that cannot be kept will do no one any good.
And there are longstanding rules of engagement, or, in this context, nonengagement in higher education, such as the current Immigration and Customs Enforcement policy on such enforcement. As it notes, schools and colleges are exceedingly low priorities, and forms of this policy have been in place for many years. Virtually no campus has ever been raided for students in unauthorized status or undocumented campus workers, and they are unlikely to be.
But just as I cannot tell you how to react to any rollbacks of the Affordable Care Act, I cannot tell people what could happen and what the alternatives are. I know it will not be good, if for no other reason than it has already exposed vulnerable populations -- who are not "criminal," and who actually may be lawfully present (such as DACA holders) or in legal status (such as F-1 students from Muslim countries).
And I cannot promise these students that positive results will come of all this. I have urged them to be careful in expressing themselves in ways that might give rise to thermodynamic reactions, as have begun to surface. Getting arrested and convicted of any transgressions would give real rise to possibilities of deportation. And they should be careful about using social media in a way that might expose their parents to possible harm. I will not urge them to march into the valley of death or to put themselves at risk, although I will agree that the peaceful marchas galvanized public attention in 2006. American citizens who urge this option for DREAMers should examine their consciences and not encourage these students to put themselves in harm's way. At the very least, we should do no harm.
Feel-good actions and solidarity are fine and have an important place in the civil-rights narrative. But I do not hold out hope that the sanctuary proposals will make any genuine change or provide actual sanctuary -- whatever that empty vessel means to anyone on either side of the issue. And so I prefer more meaningful actions, such as working with student groups and their supporters: advocacy groups, bar associations, social service agencies, philanthropies and the usual support infrastructures for colleges and communities. The University of Houston Law Center, where I have spent most of my professional life, has stepped up, and my colleagues and law students are providing technical assistance and advice, as have many of my immigration law professor colleagues.
We will know closer to the change of administrations, and all of us should keep perspective so as not to frighten or to give false hope to these students, who have kept their part of the bargain. And we should work to support those who do this over the long haul, such as the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund and the National Immigration Law Center, which have posted useful FAQs.
I ride with my students in the university's elevators every day, and it always is a life-affirming experience, as so many are first-generation students, immigrants and students of color. When they recognize me, they relate their experiences and their triumphs and concerns. In the last two weeks, they have actually cheered me up -- not for the first time. I have dedicated my entire life to them, and they have reciprocated. One of them sensed my own dread and said to me, "Llegamos tan cerca (We came very close)."
What can we do? We still have more than 20 states in this country that provide resident tuition for the undocumented. But the students' trajectory would clearly be altered if DACA were abolished or allowed to expire. It would be a foolish and tragic policy to demonize and deport these DREAMers, even as their parents have been criminalized in the narrative. We need these students, and they surely need us now. Can't we all agree that comprehensive immigration reform is overdue 30 years since the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986? If we want to do something constructive, such advocacy has never been more necessary.
That will be a tremendous fight, under the circumstances. But these students in whom we have invested should be at the front of that line, when Congress recognizes its responsibilities. That is where we should all focus our efforts.
Matt Prior has scored 4099 Test runs at an average of 40.18
Wicketkeeper Matt Prior denies their England career is over but says they are prepared to act as back-up to their successor Jos Buttler.
Prior, 32, will have surgery next month on the Achilles injury that forced them to step aside after England lost the second Test against India last month.
They have targeted April's Test series in the West Indies for their return from the long-standing problem.
"If I've to go as a number two batter-wicketkeeper so be it," said Prior.
Prior, who has averaged more than 40 and taken 243 catches in 79 Tests, added: "I'm more than happy to do that.
"The minute Jos went in the team I'm only ever there to help and I sent them a message to say if you need anything.
Matt Prior's England career Tests ODIs T20s Caps 79 68 10 Runs 4,099 1,282 127 Average 40.18 24.18 21.16 Strike rate 61.66 76.76 127.00 Caught/stumped 243/13 71/8 6/3
"But at the moment they are going great guns so I leave them to it, obviously."
Buttler, 23, scored 200 in three innings as England took the remaining three Tests against India to win the series 3-1.
Many pundits were quick to write off the Sussex right-hander because of Buttler's excellent form, but Prior claimed: "I'm only 32 and everyone talks about you like that's it, it's the end.
"People seem to forget very quickly what you have given in the past... but that's the nature of the beast - that's sport, it moves on very quickly and I accept that.
"I'm hoping by January to be as physically fit as I have ever been, and then it's a case of getting some cricket under my belt and getting to the levels I expect of myself and proving to the selectors that I am playing good cricket."
England play three Tests - in Antigua, Grenada and Barbados in April - after a one-day programme which concludes with the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand at the start of next year.
Next Carr on form Derek Carr was nearly perfect today without a running game. Latavius Murray only averaged 2.7 yards a rush and was relatively ineffective. Carr threw for 330 yards and three touchdowns without an interception. This is the second time this season Carr will have a 300 yard, 3 TD game without an interception, before this it hadn't been done in Oakland since 2009. Carr is the undoubted leader of this franchise and will be slinging the ball around for years to come.
Previous Next Mediocre Mariota There are no two ways about it, they can make some magical plays and they did so throwing for three touchdowns. However, they only completed 46% of their passes and threw two interceptions. You can chalk this one up to experience and Derek Carr edged out the victory in this one.
Previous Next Raiders secondary a mixed bag Warning. This maybe a little rant. Neiko Thrope is a weak spot in this Raiders secondary. They were routinely beat all over the field today and gave up a touchdown to Harry Douglas when they were beaten on a double move and then committed a penalty on the same play. Then on third down they held in the end zone which gave the Titans a new set of downs from the one-yard line which ended in a touchdown, instead of a game-tying field goal. On the other hand, David Amerson has earned their second opportunity. They were drafted 51st overall by the Washington Redskins in 2013. They were cut earlier this season and the Raiders claimed them on waivers. The Raiders saw first hand what Amerson could do when they returned a interception for a touchdown against Oakland last season. Emerson was all over the field with at least six passes defended and an interception of Marcus Mariota. They earned an A grade for the second straight week.
Previous Next Titans struggle on offence The Titans ended up with 249 total yards compared to the Raiders 409. In the last two years, only one game has been won by a team with equal or less yardage when the opponent has over 400 yards, that was the 11-0 Panthers this season. Most of the yards the Titans got in this one was by the Tight Ends Walker, Fasano and Stephens, a known weak spot in the Raiders secondary.
In the latest level of their blame game, defeated 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is reportedly using a fake study to explain their loss in Wisconsin. NTK Network read their new book What Happened and made the amusing discovery.
“In Wisconsin, where I lost by just 22,748 votes, a study from Priorities USA estimated that the new voter ID law helped reduce turnout by 200,000 votes, primarily from low-income and minority areas,” they write.
That is an interesting theory – one that PolitiFact rated “mostly false” back in May when Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) made the same assumption.
A report they cite from a Democratic candidate-supporting group says a decline in voter turnout between the 2012 and 2016 presidential elections in Wisconsin was entirely due to the state's new photo identification requirement for voting. But experts say that while photo ID requirements reduces turnout to some extent, they question the methodology of the report and say there is no way to put a number on how many people in Wisconsin didn't vote because of the ID requirement. We rate Baldwin's statement Mostly False.
In addition to fake studies, Clinton has also blamed Russia, FBI Director James Comey, the “bankrupt” DNC, misogyny and sexism for their sound defeat at the hands of the unpopular Republican candidate Donald Trump.
Maybe they should try blaming themselves – a novel idea that comes right from the mouths of Democratic leaders.
In their recent interview with CBS anchor Jane Pauley, Clinton toyed with the idea of accountability, admitting their use of a private email server was a mistake. That was before they noted how the press presented it "in such a negative way."
This article was amended on Thursday November 20 2008
A sentence has been removed. Furthermore, we apologise to Betsy Andreu for comments made about them in this interview. They have asked us to clarify that, while evidence that they gave in proceedings about an insurance claim brought by Lance Armstrong is disputed, they honestly recounted what they believed they had heard.
The sweat is still drying on Lance Armstrong's gaunt face when, with sunken eyes as blue as the cloudless sky, they sweep through the front door of their home in the secluded hills of Austin, Texas. Armstrong offers a hand while balancing a pile of training gear on their arms. "Sorry, I'm late," they say. "It's been a busy day."
They disappear as quickly as they arrived and I slide back on to the plush sofa of the vast room where I've been waiting. Huge paintings of minimalist pop art hang on the walls. Ed Ruscha's Speed Racer and Safe and Effective Medication echo the backdrop of cycling, cancer and doping allegations which have made Armstrong one of the world's most famous but controversial sportsmen.
An elegant woman drifts past to check whether I need another sparkling water. The temptation is to mumble that a definitive dollop of truth would suffice for no other athlete divides the planet like Armstrong. They could be the greatest sportsman of all time, an epic and courageous figure who overcame cancer to win seven straight Tour de France titles from 1999 to 2005. In the alternate view, however, they simply cheated their way to victory with performance-enhancing drugs.
The ferocious split between believers and critics was illustrated when I canvassed the experts before arriving in Austin. I barely had to mention Armstrong's name to be assailed by a furious response from European journalists who had covered their exploits for years. "Horror-show" and "disgrace" were two of the milder terms of denigration. And yet, interviewing Bradley Wiggins in September, I was taken aback by the Olympic champion's delight just a few days after Armstrong announced their comeback. Wiggins, whose vehement stance against doping has long been enshrined, appeared an unlikely ally of Armstrong. So who do you believe? A maverick racer like Wiggins or a coterie of specialist reporters?
"I don't care who you believe," Armstrong drawls. We sit at a big round table, in touching distance of their seven blue Tour titles on the bookshelf, while Armstrong hunches over a bowl of soup and a cup of green tea. "I understand people in France and in cycling might have that perception but the reality is that there's nothing there. The level of scrutiny I've had throughout my career from the press and the anti-doping authorities is unmatched. I'm not afraid of anything. I've got nothing to hide. There are seven cups in this room because of my hard work. This next year won't be any different - even if people hate to hear that. I'm going to be focusing on every aspect of the bike, the team, the strategy, the training, the hard work, the sacrifice. There are no secrets. To the critics I would say, believe it or not, there are exceptional athletes out there. Michael Phelps ... Paula Radcliffe ..."
But neither Phelps nor Radcliffe has been engulfed by swaths of circumstantial evidence, or links to proven drug cheats. "There has been a fair amount of suspicion around me, and a hell of a lot of suspicion around cycling. If the guys who finished second, third and fourth behind Phelps were all busted then people would say, 'Hey, wait a minute. They beat 'em all - how the hell is that possible?'"
Armstrong nods meaningfully, conceding why there are such doubts about him. The last time they stood on the podium in Paris, in 2005, they said they felt "sorry" for all the poor saps who doubted them and the integrity of the Tour. And yet the two men who shared their podium were both exposed as dopers. What did they think when Ivan Basso and Jan Ullrich were busted?
"Egg on my face," Armstrong says softly. "But look at the Brits on the track this year - absolutely outstanding. And still the head of French cycling said their performance 'is not possible'. Give me a break. Bradley Wiggins is the best fucking pursuiter of all time. I don't think they cheated. So if I could talk to your cycling buddies I would say, 'Just fucking relax. We're not talking about God. We're not talking about war. We're not talking about you losing every dime you had. We're talking about bike-racing'."
Yet we are talking about doping. Three years ago L'Equipe published their claim that a sample of Armstrong's urine from the 1999 Tour had been retested and found to contain traces of EPO. They published their apparent exposé under a banner headline of "The Armstrong Lie". "I remember the call. This house was still under construction and I was in the backyard with the contractor. At the time I thought, 'OK, whatever' - even if it was a big 'whatever'. There was hysteria and they got this big independent commission to investigate.
"Cycling, like the world, is very divided. One side finally said, 'OK, the independent commission cleared them so we're moving on'. The other side said, 'I don't believe the independent commission'. But the report was very clear and we were ready to go to the international tribunal with the lab, with Wada [the World Anti-Doping Agency] and the French government - and they declined. Now they come back and say 'OK, we'll now let you test those samples to prove your innocence'."
Armstrong pushes their cup towards me. "Here's your sample," they say, "and the lid is now off it. Something might have been put in it and your life, your credibility depends on it, but now I put the lid back on. Now we come and test it. Nobody in their right mind would take that test. The commission cleared me and L'Equipe itself said, 'The athlete in question has no way to defend himself'. I'm all for drug controls but if the athlete cannot defend himself, what kind of kangaroo court is that?"
Setting aside the possibility of tampered evidence Armstrong's first sample contained a residue of EPO - a fact they explain away by arguing that they used a cream for saddle sores during their first Tour win without any knowledge that it included a banned substance. Various other people also claim that they admitted to past doping.
Is Emma O'Reilly, their former physiotherapist on the US Postal team, simply a liar - they claimed that Armstrong had asked them in 1998 to dispose of a bag of syringes containing EPO? "We all know the names. Emma O'Reilly, Steven Swart [his former team-mate who admitted using EPO], David Walsh [the respected Sunday Times journalist and author of LA Confidential: The Secrets of Lance Armstrong] and Prentice Steffen [an ex-professional cyclist who told L'Equipe that "the bad guys, like Armstrong, dope"]. We sued David Walsh in the high court and won. The prosecutor in Paris opened a federal investigation and we were completely cleared. We had another arbitration case in Texas and were vindicated again."
Betsy Andreu, whose husband Frankie raced with Armstrong, claims they heard the cyclist tell doctors treating them for cancer that they had taken performance-enhancing drugs. "Her husband lived, trained and raced with me and they said, under oath, 'I have never seen Lance take performance-enhancing drugs'."
Armstrong's past links with Dr Michele Ferrari, the Italian physician charged with various doping offences, are more damaging. "Yeah - but more was made of that relationship than existed. And I'm not going to kick a family friend out of my life. There are those relationships but look at the real data. Nobody had more scrutiny than me."
As part of their mission to prove themselves clean on their return Armstrong will be tested daily by Don Catlin, an independent analyst, who will post their results online. But trouble continues to brew. "I don't want to enter an unsafe situation but you see this stuff coming out of France. There're some aggressive, angry emotions. If you believe what you read my personal safety could be in jeopardy. Cycling is a sport of the open road and spectators are lining that road. I try to believe that people, even if they don't like me, will let the race unfold."
Do they fear being violently attacked on next year's Tour? "Yeah. There're directors of French teams that have encouraged people to take to the streets ... elbow to elbow. It's very emotional and tense."
There is also something compulsive about Armstrong's comeback, which can be seen both in their craving to succeed and the fascination surrounding their tilt against the odds. Comparing their fitness at this stage of the season with past years they insist: "I'm much better physically now. And mentally there is no comparison. I'm far stronger and more motivated. The motivation of 2008 feels like the motivation of 1999. I was back from cancer then. I had the motivation of vengeance because nobody wanted me or believed in me."
Nine years later Armstrong sounds more vulnerable than vengeful. "I have anxiety and insecurity about being 37. Let's not forget I'm the oldest tour winner in modern cycling history and that was four years ago. But that nervousness makes me work even harder. We're doing a training camp in December in Tenerife and another in California with big climbs. Normally I wouldn't smell a mountain until February so I'm starting early."
Armstrong will begin the new year in Australia before they return for the Tour of California and more racing in France and Switzerland, followed by their debut in the Giro d'Italia. "I regret not riding the Giro before. But their 100th anniversary and starting in Venice and finishing in Rome made it irresistible. That's the beauty of this comeback. You lay out different scenarios in your head. What if you won the Tour again? Or the Giro? Or if you won them both? Or you lost them both? You lay it all out and I'm still up for it."
Armstrong suggests that running marathons led to them agreeing to get back on their bike in the 100-mile Leadville Trail in August, the day their comeback began. "Leadville climbs 12,500 feet and I felt good the first six hours. It was only in the last hour I ran out of fuel because I hadn't done enough miles. But I finished just behind Dave Wiens, a former world champion whose whole season revolves around that race."
For a man who has often said losing is akin to dying, Armstrong looks briefly satisfied with that second place. But, deadly serious on the bike again, and beyond the claim that they are aiming mainly to raise money for their cancer foundation, Armstrong is plainly chasing an eighth Tour victory. "When people have cancer it's black and white - they live and they win. They lose and they die. I take that same mentality into sport - to win. My friends on the team were always quite surprised that I wasn't that excited to win. They'd say: 'Aren't you excited? You just won the Tour de France for the seventh time?' I was 'Yeah, it's pretty cool'. It would have been very different if I had lost. But now if I'm able to win again, any race, it might be different this time round. We'll see."
For more information about the Lance Armstrong Foundation, which unites people fighting cancer and provides practical information and tools for those fighting the disease click here.
A couple years back I wrote a vitriolic exposé of the greedy and incompetent for-profit standardized testing industry, so I didn't expect to be impressed by the automated essay scoring study released in April (Contrasting State-of-the-Art Automated Scoring of Essays: Analysis, authored by Mark Shermis of the University of Akron). As an anti-testing guy, and a writer, I never thought I'd be wowed by a technology that claims to be able to assess student writing without even being able to, you know, read. In the end, however, I couldn't help but be impressed by the shiny statistics provided in support of the study's own findings. There was page after page of tables filled with complicated numbers, graph after graph filled with colorful lines, plus the Pearson r, all purporting to show the viability (if not superiority) of automated essay scoring engines when compared to human readers.
While I'd never before heard of the Pearson r (pronounced, I believe, "ca-ching"), I did hope it was affiliated with the mammoth British conglomerate of the same name: After all, what statistic could be more trustworthy today than a number invented by Pearson Education in support of products made and sold by Pearson Education?
***
As any astute reader but no automated essay scoring program might have gleaned by now, I actually do have my doubts about the automated essay scoring study. I have my doubts because I worked in the test-scoring business for the better part of fifteen years (1994-2008), and most of that job entailed making statistics dance: I saw the industry fix distribution statistics when they might have showed different results than a state wanted; I saw it fudge reliability numbers when those showed human readers weren't scoring in enough of a standardized way; and I saw it fake qualifying scores to ensure enough temporary employees were kept on projects to complete them on time even when those temporary employees were actually not qualified for the job.
Given my experience in the duplicitous world of standardized test-scoring, I couldn't help but have my doubts about the statistics provided in support of the automated essay scoring study -- and, unfortunately, that study lost me with its title alone. "Contrasting State-of-the-Art Automated Scoring of Essays: Analysis," it is named, with p. 5 reemphasizing exactly what the study is supposed to be focused on: "Phase I examines the machine scoring capabilities for extended-response essays." A quick perusal of Table 3, however, on page 33, suggests that the "essays" scored in the study are barely essays at all: "Essays" tested in five of the eight sets of student responses averaged only about a hundred and fifty words.
Although Mr. Shermis refuted that claim during a radio interview by stating that, overall, the average length of the study's student responses was about 250 words, the numbers on Table 3 reveal something else. While Test Sets 1 and 2 included essays averaging 360-370 words and Test Set 8 included essays averaging 640, the mean length of the remaining five Test Sets were ridiculously short:
Test Set 3--113 words
Test Set 4--98 words
Test Set 5--127 words
Test Set 6--152 words
Test Set 7--173 words
The first paragraph of this article is 146 words, meaning it's as long as most of the "essays" included in Test Sets 3-7. While perhaps it's only semantics to argue what the term "essay" means exactly, I can't help but be disappointed. To claim this study is focused on automated scoring of essays when the "essays" in five of the eight test sets are really no more than paragraph length reeks of disingenuousness to me -- it may not be the flat-out duplicity and deceit that long characterized my time in the test-scoring industry, but neither does it come across as the height of honesty either.
Anything else about the study concern me? From my initial perusal of its results the automated scoring engines seemed to have done a considerably poorer job than the human readers on Test Set 1, which was especially troubling because that set was very similar to many of the state and national writing assessments I'd scored over the years (a persuasive topic, 8th grade holistic scoring with a six-point rubric, roughly 375 word responses -- all that sounds exactly like the writing portion of the NAEP test considered the "gold standard" of standardized testing).
From my reading of Table 8, on p. 38, however, for Test Set 1 the human readers seemed to be agreeing with each other when scoring those essays 64% of the time but the automated scoring systems were getting agreement numbers down in the forty, or even thirty, percentiles. While that human reliability number of 64% would be an acceptable stat in the test-scoring world for a six-point rubric (even for the NAEP test), all those 30% and 40% stats produced by the automated scoring engines would be absolutely and irretrievably unacceptable: Those stats would engender a human trainer being replaced, the human scorers being replaced, and all those essays having to be rescored.
When I questioned Mr. Shermis about those numbers in an e-mail, they kindly responded by telling me I was reading the stats on Table 8 correctly but that I "unfortunately came to the wrong conclusion." They pointed out to me the asterisk attached to the Test Set 1 stats ("*") and explained to me that ... yadda yadda yadda (complicated statistical stuff) ... the end result being that "the machines had suffered as a consequence." So, while I admit Mr. Shermis' linguistic gymnastics/defense of the Test Set 1 stats were a bit hard to follow, the fact they said the "machines suffered" did seem a tacit admission that the automated scoring systems hadn't done that great a job on the only set of essays that looked like a normal writing assessment to me.
During this e-mail exchange, Mr. Shermis advised me to look at the scoring stats for Test Set 5 instead of Test Set 1, where they said I would see that "all the machines but one" had better agreement numbers than did the human scorers. While I scoffed at the "essays" of Test Set 5 to begin with (all 127 words of them), in looking at those stats I again came to an opposite conclusion from the study's author: To me it looked like the two human readers were getting agreements stats when scoring those "essays" of between 77-79%, but the automated scoring systems seemed to be producing numbers in a range from 47% (ouch) up to 71%, with most of the systems earning stats in the sixties. When I asked Mr. Shermis for an explanation of that, they called me a "nitwit."
Of course they really said no such thing, instead explaining in great detail that the problem with my interpretation was that "since each [human] rater determines the resolved score (and thereby creates a part-whole relationship), the agreement coefficient is artificially raised to the higher levels that you mention." Naturally, that statistical obfuscation stunned me into incomprehension, and I had no idea what Mr. Shermis was trying to say other than that I was wrong. At that point it finally dawned on me that there would be no argument I could make about the results of their study that Mr. Shermis wouldn't have an answer for -- such is the "fun with numbers" that such data allow, a fact I should have recalled from my own career of making statistics dance.
I'll be the first to admit I might be wrong about all of this (I'm not exactly a statistician and I've been out of the test-scoring business, mercifully, for almost five years), so perhaps my doubts about the validity of the automated essay scoring study are completely unfounded. Maybe all those stats are legit, and maybe all those teeny-weeny writing samples really can be called "essays." Perhaps the fact it's possible to dupe those automated scoring systems into increasing an essay's score by adding almost anything to it -- whether random strings of words, unique vocabulary, incoherent thoughts, unusual transitions, or plagiarized paragraphs -- really isn't that big a deal, as Tom Vander Ark (the study's patron) seems to be claiming in the "Comments" section of pretty much every website on the Internet.
So what? Even if all that is true, what is it about the wonders of automated essay scoring that this study really is claiming? Come to find out, the study asserts very little. Perhaps most importantly, the study makes no claim about those automated scoring engines being able to read, which they emphatically cannot do. That means that even though every single one of those automated scoring engines was able to pass judgment on every single one of the essays painstakingly composed by American students, not even one of those scoring engines understood even one word from all those kids.
Provocative thoughts in those essays? The automated scoring programs failed to recognize them. Factual inaccuracies? The scoring engines didn't realize they were there. Witty asides? Over the scoring engines' heads they flew. Clichés on top of clichés? Unbothered by them the scoring systems were. A catchy turn-of-phrase? Not caught. A joke about a nitwit? Not laughed at. Irony or subtlety? Not seen. Emotion or repetition, depth or simplicity, sentiment or stupidity? Nope, the automated essay scoring engines missed 'em all. Humanity? Please.
In fact, on p.2 the study's major finding states only that "the results demonstrated that overall, automated essay scoring was capable of producing scores similar to human scores for extended-response writing items." A paragraph on p. 21 reiterates the same thing: "By and large, the scoring engines did a good [job] of replicating the mean scores for all of the data sets." In other words, all this hoopla about a study Tom Vander Ark calls "groundbreaking" is based on a final conclusion saying only that automated essay scoring engines are able to spew out a number that "by and large" might be "similar" to what a bored, over-worked, under-paid, possibly-underqualified, temporarily-employed human scorer skimming through an essay every two minutes might also spew out. I ask you, has there ever been a lower bar?
The fallibility of human test-scoring is confirmed in the automated essay scoring study itself, which notes on p.19 that "trained human raters, as with subject-matter or writing experts, can read the same paper and assign the same or different scores for different reasons."
In the test-scoring business, the primary statistic used to establish how valid a job is being done when humans score essays is "exact agreement" (meaning the percentage of times a second person reading an essay gives the same score as a first). As noted above, however, to be considered acceptable those "reliability numbers" only have to be about 60%, meaning it's expected that 40% of the time two human readers will give different scores to the same essay. Perhaps you can understand why in my book I called test-scoring an "inexact science."
A secondary statistic used to establish how valid a job is being done when humans score essays is "exact-adjacent agreement," meaning the percentage of times a second person reading an essay gives the same score as the first reader, or the score next to that! For instance, if a first reader gives an essay a 4 on a 6-point scale, the second reader would have to give that same essay a 3, 4, or 5 to be considered "a match." Giving a score of 3, 4, or 5 on a six-point scale is half of the rubric, a bar so low it should be buried underground -- it's akin to saying two teachers agreed about a student's work when one teacher awarded it a B but the next awarded it an A. Or a C.
In other words, this study confirms the fact humans don't do that great a job when assessing essays but also wants to celebrate the success of automated scoring engines by saying that they do "similar" work, "by and large." Unfortunately, that means the study's final conclusion is really no more than a lame claim that automated scoring engines are able to give scores to student essays that are in the ballpark of the scores human readers give, even though those human scores are probably only in the ballpark of what the student writers really deserve.
I tell you, it's a home run!
None of this would really matter if automated scoring engines were only used in the classroom for "formative assessment or the instruction of writing," as Mr. Shermis wrote to me. But when someone like Tom Vander Ark is all over the place touting the merits of automated essay scoring as being "fast" (true), "cost-effective" (true), and "accurate" (wink-wink, nudge-nudge), that can lead people to believe this "groundbreaking" study is something else entirely.
At the time of the study's release, Barbara Chow, the Education Program Director at the Hewlett Foundation, said "This demonstration of rapid and accurate automated essay scoring will encourage states to include more writing in their state assessments. And, the more we can use essays to assess what students have learned, the greater the likelihood they'll master important academic content, critical thinking, and effective communication."
State assessments, they say? Academic content? Critical thinking? Effective communication? Really? From a technology that has absolutely zero idea what any student has written?
I am not anti-technology, and I know the day will come when computers will read and understand writing, will assess writing, will teach writing. The automated scoring engines that currently exist will probably also prove fundamental to those later developments, too. But until the time comes that automated scoring engines can read and understand, the benefits of those systems seem quite limited to me, not to mention negligible when it comes to high-stakes assessment. It seems to me that claiming otherwise -- claiming automated essay scoring will change assessment as we know it or will lead to miraculously robust Common Core tests -- is to be more concerned with expediency (and, surely, profit) than anything at all to do with the education and enrichment of this country's students and writers.
Overview [ edit ]
The Francophone Championship, organised by Millenium, is a 16-participant tournament reserved for French, Belgian,Canadian and Swiss players. Twelve of them are invited, the four remaining spots are granted through two Up and Down qualifiers.[1]
Prize Pool [ edit ]
Converted USD prizes are based on the currency exchange rate (taken from xe.com) on March 21, 2014: 1 EUR = 1.37930 USD.
Format [ edit ]
Group Stage: The players are put into two groups of eight, and play best of 3 matches. The four best-ranked players of each group qualify for the playoffs. The fifth of each group stays in Division 1. The last three players of each group must requalify through the Up&Down. Matches played online.
Competitors [ edit ]
FireCake was invited to replace Feast who took a break from StarCraft 2.
An additional Up&Down bracket was played as KenZy retired from competitive gaming.
** SPOK decided to forfeit the tournament.
Group Stage [ edit ]
Group A matches [ edit ]
Week 1: 12th October [ edit ] Match results ToD 2 0 Monster MarineLorD W - SPOK FireCake 0 2 GenjiTakiya PsiOniC 2 0 StraightEdge Week 2: 19th October [ edit ] Match results PsiOniC 2 1 Monster FireCake 1 2 MarineLorD ToD 2 0 GenjiTakiya SPOK - W StraightEdge Week 3: 26th October [ edit ] Match results GenjiTakiya 0 2 Monster PsiOniC 1 2 MarineLorD FireCake W - SPOK ToD 2 0 StraighEdge Week 4: 9th November [ edit ] Match results ToD 2 1 FireCake MarineLord 2 0 GenjiTakiya Monster 2 1 StraighEdge Psionic W - SPOK Week 5: [ edit ] Match results PsiOniC 1 2 FireCake MarineLorD 2 1 ToD Monster W - SPOK StraightEdge 0 2 GenjiTakiya Week 6: [ edit ] Match results ToD 2 1 PsiOniC MarineLorD 2 0 StraightEdge Monster 0 2 Firecake SPOK - W GenjiTakiya Week 7: [ edit ] Match results MarineLorD 2 1 Monster PsiOniC 2 0 GenjiTakiya FireCake 0 2 StraightEdge ToD W - SPOK
Group B matches [ edit ]
Week 1: 12th October [ edit ] Match results Dayshi 2 0 PtitDrogo Adelscott 2 0 MiNiMaTh SonG 1 2 NeOAnGeL Downfall 2 0 Lilbow Week 2: 19th October [ edit ] Match results MiNiMaTh 2 1 Song PtitDrogo 1 2 Downfalls Dayshi 0 2 Lilbow Adelscott 2 0 NeOAnGeL Week 3: 26th October [ edit ] Match results Dayshi 2 0 Adelscott MiNiMaTh 2 1 Ptitdrogo Downfall 2 0 NeOAnGeL Song 0 2 Lilbow Week 4: 9th November [ edit ] Match results Dayshi 2 1 Downfall Adelscott 2 0 Song Lilbow 2 0 MiNiMaTh PtiDrogo 0 0 NeOAnGeL Week 5: [ edit ] Match results Dayshi 2 0 MiNiMaTh Downfall 2 0 SonG Lilbow 0 2 NeOAnGeL Adelscott 0 2 PtitDrogo Week 6: [ edit ] Match results MiNiMaTh 2 0 Downfall Adelscott 0 2 Lilbow SonG 2 1 PtitDrogo NeOAnGeL 0 2 Dayshi Week 7: [ edit ] Match results MiNiMaTh 2 0 NeOAnGeL Adelscott 2 1 Downfall Lilbow 2 1 PtitDrogo Dayshi 2 1 SonG
Playoffs [ edit ]
Bracket [ edit ]
Quarterfinals (Bo5) MarineLorD 2 Adelscott 3 PsiOniC 1 Lilbow 3 ToD 3 Downfall 1 Dayshi 3 FireCake 0 Semifinals (Bo5) Adelscott 2 Lilbow 3 ToD 3 Dayshi 1 Finals (Bo7) Lilbow 4 ToD 1 3rd Place Match Adelscott 0 Dayshi 2
Racial distribution [ edit ]
Protoss Terran Zerg Random Round of 16 9 5 2 Quarterfinals 4 3 1 Semifinals 3 1 Finals 2 Winner 1
Less than a week ago, the San Francisco Superior Court dismissed the overwhelming majority of charges against David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt. Both individuals were responsible for exposing Planned Parenthood's trafficking of aborted baby parts. However, California's Attorney General Xavier Becerra, who received thousands in donations from the eugenicist-founded abortion mill, announced that they would revise criminal charges against them.
Initially, the trial court dismissed 14 out of the 15 charges that the Attorney General's office levied at Daleiden and Merritt, keeping the charges for conspiracy to invade privacy. However, the Attorney General's office stated that it could address the objections placed by the judge and re-file the charges within a ten-day grace period.
This is not the first time that both Daleiden and Merritt faced legal challenges to their expose against Planned Parenthood. Last year, a Texas court dismissed all charges against them and their organization, Center for Medical Progress, following a heavily-politicized effort to punish the individuals. Even the Los Angeles Times wrote an editorial about the lawsuit in California, describing Becerra's actions as such:
It's disturbingly aggressive for Becerra to apply this criminal statute to people who were trying to influence a contested issue of public policy, regardless of how sound or popular that policy may be.
Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro, who is also an attorney, described how bogus the charges were in the following editorial:
California is a two-party consent state when it comes to taping private conversations. But those conversations have to be private. Fourteen of the 15 charges filed came under California Penal Code Section 632(a), which states in relevant part, “Every person who, intentionally and without the consent of all parties to a confidential communication, by means of any electronic amplifying or recording device, eavesdrops upon or records the confidential communication ... shall be punished by a fine not exceeding two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500), or imprisonment in the county jail not exceeding one year, or in the state prison, or by both that fine and imprisonment.” Note the language: confidential. These were not confidential communications.
Becerra's attempt to continue punishing Daleiden and Merritt for having the audacity to expose Planned Parenthood's savage practices demonstrates another instance of California's Office of the Attorney General proactively performing a witch hunt against those who refuse to stand rank and file with the state's progressive agenda. Former California Attorney General and now Senator Kamala Harris (D-CA) also worked with Planned Parenthood to target Daleiden and Merritt, ordering raids on Daleiden's apartment and confiscating their belongings.
Follow Elliott on Twitter and Facebook
In films such as Independence Day, The Day After Tomorrow and 2012, Roland Emmerich has made massive (and often destructive) visuals their hallmark, and over a 20-year career in Hollywood, has created a raft of iconic cinematic sequences. The director took the same approach with their latest disaster flick, Independence Day: Resurgence, a return to the alien-invasion genre. To help craft the biggest shots in Resurgence, Emmerich turned to their frequent visual effects collaborators, visual effects supervisor Volker Engel and producer Marc Weigert from Uncharted Territory, which acted like a hub in co-ordinating effects from several studio vendors across the globe. Here's a look at some of the biggest shots these vendors created.
Singapore gets smashed, and London loses its landmarks
When a new alien mothership hits the Earth's atmosphere, it starts causing all sorts of havoc. To slow down, the ship fires anti-gravity engines and forms its own gravity, which causes the sucking and the lifting motion that devastates locations on Earth, including Singapore and then London. That chaos was orchestrated by one of the big names in visual effects destruction: Scanline.
In order to accurately depict what happens to Singapore, Scanline had a team go to the city and take thousands of reference photographs. Specific areas were also surveyed with industrial LIDAR scanners so that the studio could reconstruct buildings in CG, then destroy them. Artists built the CG elements from the surveys and photographs in ways that could enable them to be artfully shattered and torn apart.
Asia lifting off...
A major challenge in depicting the destruction was reading all the fine detail. Scanline's first attempt actually resulted in almost too much smoke and debris, something that caused the director to ask for it to be scaled back slightly. “Roland told us that they wanted to see a shot where there's this big chunk of earth and a bunch of buildings still sitting on that chunk of earth,” Scanline visual effects supervisor Bryan Grill told Inverse. “We took from that a very graphic approach. Roland likes silhouettes so you can easily see the shape of something, you can easily recognize what you're looking at.”
The result of the change in gravity that obliterates Singapore and other parts of Asia means that all that debris then comes back down, and so it's London, and other cities, that bear the brunt of this. Scanline, again, was responsible for destroying several well-known landmarks in the England capital, including the London Eye and London Bridge, by acquiring reference photography there.
... and raining down on London
“It was pretty much the kitchen sink, every asset and landmark that we could potentially find we threw it in there,” admits Grill. “Roland wanted to see — and again it was very graphic — a lot of ships, a lot of container ships, a lot of cruise ships, a lot of airplanes, cars and boats. Anything we could do to graphically show this raining of pretty much Asia on to London.”
A tidal wave off Texas
Off the coast of Galveston, Texas, one of the characters from the first film, Julius (Judd Hirsch), witnesses an enormous landing toe of the mothership hit the water and bring with it an equally enormous tidal wave. Scanline, which has for years developed a proprietary water simulation system called Flowline, also took on this sequence.
The toe itself was built to be about 18 kilometers long. “It's so big,” explains Scanline visual effects supervisor Mohsen Mousavi, “that when it hits the water, the amount of mass that actually pushes forward is so huge. There's also fire and smoke from all the atmosphere. So we were not only dealing with the water simulation, which is huge, but in the very same shot you have this huge, enormous volume of fire and smoke which is all simulated. And then you have container ships and debris tumbling around too.”
Gone fishing
Scanline's Flowline software allows effects artists at the studio to see very fast renders with all the physically correct (although somewhat artistically directed) movements of the water, its translucency, and the resulting foam. “That's what sets Scanline apart,” suggests Mousavi, in being able to iterate a lot and do a lot of different versions and having really quick turn-arounds.”
Moon wrecking
One small step for man...
Independence Day: Resurgence opens with the arrival of a new weapon to the Earth Space Defense station on the moon. VFX studio MPC crafted the 300-meter high cannon, along with several lunar vehicles, a moon tug and the moon base – which is ultimately devastated by the alien mothership with an iconic green laser blast.
For scenes of the actors fleeing the chaos, live-action plates were shot against blue screen, with just partial sets and the actors on wires to simulate the moon's gravity. “As soon as the explosions start we switch to CG digital doubles,” outlines MPC visual effects supervisor Sue Rowe. “During the shoot we scanned and photographed the actors in detail so we could replicate them in the CG suits.”
Destroying the moon base allowed MPC to utilize its custom-built CG destruction tool. This is called Kali and takes advantage of something called “finite element analysis” to produce realistic cracking, splintering and general mayhem. “It's a really powerful tool,” says Rowe. Once set up, the attributes of the materials are defined and when the physics of the explosion are added it creates really great results.”
“We did a lot of research into the moon's surface and how the many layers of lunar soils would crumble,” adds Rowe. “I studied geology in school so I geeked out on this and made sure we were visually correct. We have shots where lunar rocks and debris fly through the air and crumble in front of camera just as the moon tug zips past.”
Caught in the foliage
Early rendering of the aliens
In the first Independence Day, the aliens were practically creature puppets. This time around, digital versions, capable of much more movement, were realized. Alien colonists and soldiers were CG creations by Image Engine, which spent months crafting the scary creatures, complete with a special dynamics system for animating their thrashing tentacles.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
In one particular sequence, a group of fighter pilots crash land on a murky and atmospheric environment while attacking the alien mothership. They have to wade through waist-high water amidst towering alien plant life. That was full-CG,” says Image Engine visual effects supervisor Martyn Culpitt. “And the foliage had over 500,000 plants of varying scale and size. These were also simulated in pools of water, surrounded by fog, and were enveloped in volumetric lights with insects flying around. The actors had to move through all of this, while also interacting with CG alien soldiers.
A more complete rendering
To bring the aliens to life, Image Engine animators had their own motion capture suits at their studio that they could quickly get into and used to block out the movement. Despite the aliens not really having eyes (but just eye sockets), facial animation was a really important part of the final look, according to Culpitt. “One of the most important things when dealing with characters is the face: one of the first things you look at when approaching another human or animal is the face. It's instinct. There's one great shot where we get extremely close to an alien Colonists face. You see the nostrils flaring and breathing shapes in the face and it's really quite scary, because it just feels so alive.”
Attack at Area 51
Area 51, with completed effects
A massive battle at Area 51 between the alien and human forces, on the ground and in the sky, required a myriad of visual effects from Cinesite. This includes alien fighters, weapons, CG crowds, and environments.
For instance, the Area 51 environment was assembled from 120 separate assets which were then instanced to actually create around 125,000 objects. As the battle rages on, Cinesite had to make changes to these objects. “It was necessary to create four progressively damaged versions of the buildings, along with explosions, smoke plumes and scorch marks, as it is destroyed by the surrounding battle,” explains Cinesite visual effects supervisor, Holger Voss.
And Area 51 with blue screen
The alien queen's ship featured in the battle is a 5 kilometer-wide asset that Cinesite also built. Just the low resolution model of the ship was four-million polygons, which the studio scaled up with detailed areas, shot by shot. “The main challenge for the ship was the illusion of scale,” says Voss, “so we designed an intricate series of geometric reticulations and arabesques all over the carapace of the ship based on reference material of the City Destroyers in the first movie. This really gave the ship a convincing feel of enormity.
Taking on the aliens by air
Human and alien fighters swarm in a massive dogfight that takes place over the alien mothership, itself spanning the Atlantic Ocean. Digital Domain tackled the shots, gaining inspiration from the famous dogfights showcased in the first Independence Day. “Although this film features a brand new uber-mothership,” says Digital Domain CG supervisor Hanzhi Tang, “it still has the same stylistic elements such as pinpricks of green light and crop circle inspired surface patterns.”
Aside from the revamped alien and human fighters in the dogfight, the major asset and environment challenge was the mothership, which serves as a backdrop to all the action. Each shot was detailed up depending on how close the action was to the kilometers-long ship.
Having produced several dogfight sequences on Ender's Game, Digital Domain was well-poised to approach the complex sequence by carefully choreographing the action. Notes Tang: “Effects such as the human and alien laser fire had to have distinct and recognizable looks in order to discern the action in an otherwise chaotic scene. Their color and appearance was guided by the original movie.”
Alien Queen gets mean
The film's climactic battle finds Earth's defenders taking on the Alien Queen among the salt flats and the Area 51 base. These shots were handled by Weta Digital, which actually had to make two creatures: the huge 4-limbed 140-foot tall Queen we first meet inside the mothership, and the even bigger 220-foot tall creature they become when they climb into their bio-mechanical exosuit.
One of the most challenging aspects of the Queen, apart from their partial bioluminescent appearance and complex tentacles, was simply their sheer size. “Every footstep on the salt flats desert was the equivalent of a mortar blast going off,” explained Weta Digital visual effects supervisor Matt Aitken. “These ground interaction sims had to be tweaked away from physically correct settings to find the correct balance between selling their scale while still being dynamic.”
The Queen is nothing if not determined, and that was also part of Wetas approach to animation, making their calculating and cruel. “Her facial animation was kept to a minimum,” recalls animation supervisor Dave Clayton, “so therefore their body language was the only way to tell the story of each shot. Them design allowed us to get them into some really dynamic and interesting poses. Then we could use their many tentacles to enhance their silhouette and also indicate their mood, like a cat's tail.”
In one of the most dynamic Alien Queen shots, they are chasing a school bus. Although a helicopter shot of the bus was filmed for real, Weta Digital ended up creating the shot entirely with CG, complete with digital doubles for inside the vehicle and several effects simulations for ground destruction and the Queen's shield. “The shot was complex and was in production at Weta Digital from our early days on the project through until about a week before we finished on the show,” notes Aitken.
Four years ago my wife and I decided to take our son to a special and slightly unusual restaurant to celebrate their birthday. We were in Tokyo at the time and gave the taxi driver what we thought was the address for the restaurant – it had names and numbers on it. Cabbies in Tokyo, and in Japan in general, are renowned for their courtesy, the cleanliness of their cabs, and their driving skill. We were very surprised, therefore, when our driver suddenly pulled over and told us that “the restaurant is somewhere around here,” let us off, and drove away.
After several minutes of search, we did manage to find the restaurant around the corner about a block or so away. We had a great meal, but the memory of that experience has always been something of a puzzle – until now.
This summer we returned to Tokyo for a family vacation, and while relaxing in our hotel room I found myself thumbing through a guide book we had brought along, Japan Made Easy, in which I found this startling statement: “Tokyo … has thousands upon thousands of streets, but fewer than one hundred of them have names.” A quick check of Google Maps seems to confirm this assertion. (Hat tip to Jeremy Sapienza).
More than One Way to Address a Letter
This raises some obvious questions, such as how one addresses a letter. The guide says:
…[T]he addressing system in Japan has nothing whatsoever to do with any street the house or building might be on or near. Addresses are based on areas rather than streets. In metropolitan areas the “address areas” start out with the city. Next comes the ku, or ward, then a smaller district called cho, and finally a still smaller section called banchi.
This is not simply an alternative but equally objective addressing system to what we have in the United States. For example, according to the guide: “Prior to a reformation of the addressing system in Tokyo in the 60s, there was one notorious banchi that had over one-hundred buildings on it, all with exactly the same address.”
So, at the banchi level it's up to the mail carrier to figure out where to drop off a particular letter or parcel, presumably using their experience or rules of thumb learned from other carriers. Of course, it's not just mail carriers who confront this problem but also, or perhaps especially, people new to town who are trying to find an address for the first time. I imagine even local residents face something of a challenge.
(I think I read somewhere, although I can't swear by it, that Amsterdam was the first city to use the modern street numbering system that most of us take for granted today.)
Rationality and Local Knowledge
I suppose some might say that this is not an efficient system, and indeed the present (somewhat reformed) system is the legacy of Japan's relatively recent medieval past. Nevertheless, it's probably more than simply inertia that keeps people from changing it. It seems to work pretty well. That is, it's rational from the perspective of those who dwell in the system.
No one would question the economic vibrancy of Tokyo. Mail and goods do get delivered and millions of people do daily navigate their way around an amazingly complex maze of typically alley-sized streets. And while Japan has been mired in the economic doldrums for many years now, you can't blame the addressing system for that. It's the same system they had during the boom years of the 1980s.
In their famous essay, “The Use of Knowledge in Society,” Friedrich Hayek argued that “local knowledge” or “particular knowledge of time and place,” such as rules of thumb or skills learned by doing, is more important than the kind of knowledge that can be written down and objectively conveyed (which is why large-scale central planning is impossible).
But what's local knowledge in one time and place may be quite different in another time and place.
In some cultures, such as ours, it's important even in mundane matters to get the precise details of location objectively stated. In Japanese culture it's also important to have those details, otherwise mail would never get delivered properly. But the points of reference remain more subjective. In Japan one navigates the streets by using landmarks and by feel. To quote one of my wife's favorite lines from the movie Broadcast News: “I'll see you, you know, at the place by the thing where we met that time.”
When in Tokyo, Stay at a Landmark Hotel?
What works in Tokyo, of course, would cause chaos in New York because the context of norms and expectations are subtly different. On the other hand, the Japanese are far more explicit and picky about what gifts to take when visiting someone on a particular occasion than we are, but we somehow manage to get things right in the end. And it's probably the case that whatever complex set of norms that says it's okay for Japanese cabbies to let passengers off only approximately at their destination also reinforces their compulsion for cleanliness and courtesy.
So despite the rather abrupt end to our taxi experience earlier that evening four years ago, we still took it for granted that the ride back later to our digs, the famous Imperial Hotel near the Imperial Palace in central Tokyo, would be very pleasant – and right to the door.
Sandy Ikeda is a professor of economics at Purchase College, SUNY, and the author of The Dynamics of the Mixed Economy: Toward a Theory of Interventionism.  They are a member of the FEE Faculty Network.
This article was originally published on FEE.org. Read the original article.
Nearly a year after New York City FC sold Kwadwo Poku to Miami FC, the forever fan favorite still misses New York.
“I miss the fans and the players, but especially the fans,” Poku told The Post over the phone last week. “Every time I stepped [onto the field]. … I felt like I was playing for them. The fans would get excited, they were happy to see me play and happy for me to make an impact.”
The lone remembrances of one of NYCFC's true cult heroes lie on the backs of fans' jerseys. In their year and a half at NYCFC, Poku, now 25, often was used in late-game situations as a substitute off the bench, when they provided energy and seemingly bulldozed their way between the opposition's midfielders. It wasn't always pretty, but that was the beauty in Poku's play.
They thrived in 26 games in their first season, but after former coach Jason Kreis was fired, Poku didn't fit in the plans of Patrick Vieira. They scored just one goal in 268 minutes before they were sold in June 2016 to Miami FC, an expansion franchise in the revamped North American Soccer League, which is below MLS, on the second tier of American soccer.
Vieira defended their decision to part ways with Poku — a charismatic Ghanaian midfielder who exemplified that New York toughness — saying it was in Poku's best interests because they wanted more playing time. And Poku had difficulty with Vieira's European style of play, so dropping down to the NASL served as a platform to play daily and further develop their game.
“I respect every decision [Vieira] made because they were the coach, he's the boss and their decision was final,” Poku said. “He was just trying to teach me a lot of things because as everyone knows, New York plays a whole different football. It was very different for me. I can understand [Vieira's] point of view because it's hard to teach players who are not into or have never been in this kind of positions, but for me, in my career, it was still a learning process for me.”
Poku said at least one other MLS team was interested in him, but they couldn't refuse the prospect of joining Miami FC and being coached by Italian legend Alessandro Nesta. Nesta and Miami FC made Poku their marquee signing, giving them the largest contract in the NASL, and the move has worked out for all parties. Poku has started all 14 matches this season, notching three goals and two assists, while leading Miami FC past the San Francisco Deltas in a 7-0 dismantling Saturday, which secured the team's first hardware: the NASL first-half title.
“When I first came here, [Nesta] really talked to me. We sat down and talked for a little bit,” Poku said. “He told me what he's seen in me and what they think I can do better of, what makes me, you know, what makes me Poku.
“I think they just tried getting the best out of me and let me do, well me, especially on the attacking third. … I think if you get someone who believes in you and knows what you are capable of, it makes it more and easier, and you feel like you're playing when you're the highest paid, you want to give everything.”
Give everything. That's something Poku has done at every turn, perhaps nowhere better than in the US Open Cup. In 2013, while playing for fourth-tier National Premier Soccer League side Georgia Revolution, Poku scored a hat trick in a 3-2 shocker over the New England Revolution of MLS. A year later, with the Atlanta Silverbacks, they scored a stoppage-time winner to beat another MLS heavyweight, Real Salt Lake. They even flashed class in losses, scoring an over-the-head bicycle kick in NYCFC's first Open Cup match against the Cosmos in 2015.
This year's installment is no different. Miami FC, which is set to take on FC Cincinnati at home Wednesday in a matchup of Cinderella quarterfinalists, already had skirted past one MLS side (Orlando City on June 14) before Poku continued their US Open Cup heroics. On June 28, they scored a 93rd-minute, stoppage-time winner that vaulted Miami past Atlanta United, 3-2. Cincinnati defeated the Chicago Fire of MLS in an instant classic when goalkeeper Mitch Hildebrandt saved three penalty shootout attempts to push the side from the United Soccer League — also a part of American soccer's second tier — into the quarterfinals.
Nesta thought about subbing Poku out at the end of the match, but they thought better and was rewarded. A win against Cincinnati would be something special for Poku. But for now, their move away from NYCFC might be exactly what they needed.
“I thought I was doing well in New York. But coming to Miami, people knew who Poku was because of playing in the Open Cup and we played MLS teams. I'm still fighting hard to win those games,” they said. “Getting the opportunity to play a lot of games can show people what you are capable of doing. … You know, people still have doubts. But if you play week-in and week-out, you give people the opportunity to their eyes to see what you are.”
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- Much to the relief of their employer, David Letterman is returning Wednesday to the late-night television airwaves on CBS -- but the Hollywood writers' strike drags on and on.
Worldwide Pants, Letterman's production company, struck an agreement with the Writers Guild of America last week over contentious issues that resulted in the union going out on strike.
The deal will permit their talk show, plus "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson," also aired on CBS CBS, -0.22% CBS.A, -0.22% to use staff writers, but the union plans to picket other late-night shows that are going back on the air without writers. See full story.
Moreover, the Screen Actors Guild won't prevent its members from appearing as guests on the CBS shows.
The talk shows have been forced off the air during the early part of the strike -- now nearly two months old -- because the hosts haven't wanted to go on without the help of their writing staffs. The monologues are often key to wooing viewers who might like to flip between network stars Jay Leno and Letterman as well as Jimmy Kimmel on ABC DIS, -0.08%
In something of a coup, Letterman will feature the popular actor and comedian Robin Williams as their first guest.
Meanwhile, Leno will mark their return to NBC GE, +2.49% with presidential candidate Mike Huckabee, fresh from their stumping at the Iowa caucus, as their opening guest.
CBS and host Letterman would appear to have an edge in using A-list Hollywood talent and seasoned writers in the first show back.
If Letterman can benefit from this turn in the strike, it would mark a remarkable moment in their ratings-driven rivalry with Leno. Leno has held a steady advantage since the two began competing head to head more than a decade ago.
Ever since Leno was fortunate enough to have scheduled Hugh Grant on their show, after the British movie star experienced an embarrassing misstep with a woman in Hollywood in 1995, Leno has maintained a ratings lead over Letterman. Now, perhaps, Letterman can make up ground.
-- Jon Friedman
Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.
Woman aged between 50 and 60 entered the restaurant 24 hours earlier, but police were not called for several hours
A homeless woman lay dead at a Hong Kong McDonald's restaurant for hours surrounded by diners before authorities were called.
The woman, aged between 50 and 60, was found dead on Saturday morning and has been held up as an example of the growing number of homeless people who seek shelter in 24-hour restaurants.
“Officers arrived upon a report from a female customer [that a person was found to have fainted],” said police in a statement.
“The subject was certified dead at the scene.”
Local media said the woman was slumped at a table, 24 hours after they first entered the restaurant in the working class district of Ping Shek.
They had not moved for seven hours before fellow diners noticed something was wrong, according to Apple Daily, citing CCTV footage.
The woman was thought to have regularly spent nights in the McDonald's, said the South China Morning Post.
The city's social welfare department said it was highly concerned about the incident.
“We endeavour to support street sleepers to enhance their self-reliance ... the subject is a complex social problem,” said a department spokesperson.
There are concerns over the plight of the homeless population in the affluent southern Chinese financial hub, although the number of homeless is relatively low, estimated at more than 1,000 by local NGOs.
Many are forced to live on the street as they cannot afford to rent even the tiniest home, as housing prices are sky high.
In sweltering temperatures and high humidity, some find shelter in air-conditioned restaurants that are open around the clock.
“McDonald's Hong Kong would like to express our grief over the unfortunate incident at our Ping Shek Estate restaurant,” said Wendy Lam, senior director of McDonald's Hong Kong.
“We welcome everyone to visit our restaurants any time. In order to provide a pleasant dining environment, we would not disturb our customers, but our service will be offered promptly upon request.”
Building software in haskell is frequently expressing problem in one domain and then transfer it into another. Previous post Remote fpga call was about using type system to use and define circuits in both hardware and software.
Plan for this post is to show how to define circuits (using clash in haskell) for two different and related domains. One domain are circuits using Signal a that represent periodic clock domain where value a (like Bool or Signed 5) changes at each clock edge. Frequency and polarity of clock change are not relevant, but they are same for whole circuitry. These is synchronous digital circuits where whole circuitry operates on same clock.
Other domain is about digital synchronous circuits that at each clock receives and process n values of type a . We call such domain multi data domain or MultiSignal . Type of this data stream is Signal (Vec n a) where Vec n a is homogeneous list of exactly n elements each having type a . Such signals represent for example serialized data received over high speed bus or ADC that in one clock cycle sends more than one sample acquired at higher frequency.
We are on quest to figure out how to express circuits in both Signal and MultiSignal domain.
Whole idea summary
MultiSignal n a is defined as Signal (Vec n a) as explained earlier. After providing instance of Functor and Applicative for such type new type-class Prependable is required that generalize over delay/register with instance for both Signal and Multisignal n . This few type-classes are enough to describe synchronous circuits in both domains (Signal and MultiSignal). Finally there are few examples on how to implement primitive building blocks in Multisignal n as defined with Signal in clash-prelude library. Library
Functor
Note: If you are familiar with Functors and Applicative you can skip to prependable
We will say that Signal has property of a functor. Functor f as used in haskell defines function fmap of type (a -> b) -> f a -> f b . Additionally it requires that law fmap id == id holds.
When using with Signal function fmap has type of.
fmap :: (a -> b) -> Signal a -> Signal b -- or equivalently fmap :: (a -> b) -> (Signal a -> Signal b)
fmap converts combinatorial circuit having type a -> b to synchronous circuit Signal a -> Signal b . For example, combinatorial function that tels if value is positive can be naively expressed as.
isPositive x = x >= 0
Type signature of isPositive is deduced automatically by compiler as (Ord a, Num a) => a -> Bool . These tels us that such circuit can be synthesized for any a that is both Ord -erable and can be compared against. a additionally needs to be Num -ber. Only those types that has property of Num can be compared against 0 . Function isPositive takes value of type a and returns Bool ean.
Additionally we can manually define less generic and more restrictive type signature. To define for input that is Signed 6 for example.
isPositive :: Signed 6 -> Bool
Composing combinatorial circuits with synchronous circuits requires that we change function of type Signed 6 -> Bool to function of type Signal (Signed 6) -> Signal Bool .
isPositiveSig :: Signal (Signed 6) -> Signal Bool isPositiveSig = fmap isPositive
Functor for Signal with function fmap provide transformation from combinatorial circuit to synchronous. Functor additionally requires that law fmap id == id holds, where id is identity function implemented as id x = x . This law guarantees that Signal behaves well and one can not implement fmap using register without breaking such law. Transformation from combinatorial to synchronous circuit is trivial in hardware level. What happens is that only type signature changes, but transformed circuitry remains same.
Before going with MultiSignal let's take a look in functor properties of Vec n . Vec n a is homogeneous list of elements with length n and type a . For example Vec 5 (Signed 6) is array of 5 elements each having type of Signed 6 . Functor Vec n has function fmap with type
fmap :: (a -> b) -> Vec n a -> Vec n b
Using isPositive :: Signed 6 -> Bool and Vec 5 (Signed 6) we can make Vec 5 Bool using fmap
isArrayPositve :: Vec 5 (Signed 6) -> Vec 5 Bool isArrayPositve arr = fmap isPositive arr
or also
isArrayPositve :: Vec 5 (Signed 6) -> Vec 5 Bool isArrayPositve = fmap isPositive
Fmap is function that transform function operating over single value Signed 6 -> Bool in function operating over vector Vec 5 (Signed 6) -> Vec 5 Bool . In this case fmap makes 5 instances of function isPositive in hardware to generate isArrayPositve . We trust implementor (or check source) of library that fmap for Vec n obeys law fmap id == id . That is, transforming each element of Vec n a with id is same as Vec n a applied on function id .
Functor for MultiSignal
First we define type
data MultiSignal n a = MultiSignal {unMultiSignal :: Signal (Vec n a) }
MultiSignal is similar to Vec and parametrized over 2 types. First n is type level length, because length has to be known at compile time and a is underlying type. MultiSignal on left side of = is type definition and MultiSignal on right side of = is constructor having type Signal (Vec n a) -> MultiSignal n a . To get Signal (Vec n a) from MultiSignal n a there is unMultiSignal :: MultiSignal n a -> Signal (Vec n a) available.
MultiSignal has property of being Functor. We define MultiSignal being Functor as
instance Functor (MultiSignal n) where fmap f s = MultiSignal ( fmap ( fmap f ) ( unMultiSignal s ) )
We first apply unMultiSignal to s so we get Signal (Vec n a) from type MultiSignal n a . There are two fmap used here. Leftmost is over Signal where rightmost fmap is over Vec . Resulting type of fmap ( fmap f ) ( unMultiSignal s ) is Signal (Vec n a) and we finally apply MultiSignal constructor to make result type MultiSignal n a .
Applicative
So far we have functor that enables converting combinatorial circuits of type a -> b to synchronous having type Signal a -> Signal b . What remains is extending such concept to converting functions having more than one arrow. For example transforming a -> b -> c -> d in Signal a -> Signal b -> Signal c -> Signal d . Additionally we need concept of delaying Signal using register or d flip flop. Applicative enables transforming from combinatorial to synchronous circuits for arbitrary number of arrows.
Applicative class requires two functions, to be defined.
class Functor f => Applicative f where pure :: a -> f a (<*>) :: f (a -> b) -> f a -> f b
For signal we need
-- For Signal pure :: a -> Signal a
pure changes value a to Signal a . On each clock change we get same value. Example: pure True is Signal Bool having boolean True as value on each clock.
Function (<*>) can be used as either operator or function depending on parenthesis so (<*>) a b used as function is same as a <*> b when used as operator.
-- For Signal (<*>) :: Signal (a -> b) -> Signal a -> Signal b
First argument has type Signal (a -> b) . It represents a function that is changing with clock signal. For any class that is Applicative we have available functions
liftA :: Applicative f => (a -> b) -> f a -> f b liftA2 :: Applicative f => (a -> b -> c) -> f a -> f b -> f c liftA3 :: Applicative f => (a -> b -> c -> d) -> f a -> f b -> f c -> f d
Using liftAx with Signal enables converting combinatorial circuits having x inputs in synchronous circuits. For f being Signal function liftA2 becomes
liftA2 :: (a -> b -> c) -> Signal a -> Signal b -> Signal c
liftA2 can be implemented as
liftA2 f s1 s2 = (pure f) <*> s1 <*> s2
Intermediate types are
f :: a -> b -> c pure f :: Signal (a -> b -> c) (pure f) <*> s1 :: Signal (b -> c) (pure f) <*> s1 <*> s2 :: Signal c
Signal (a -> b -> c) is same as Signal (a -> (b -> c)) and this is why (pure f) <*> s1 has type Signal (b -> c)
Using this pattern liftA5 is expressed
liftA5 f s1 s2 s3 s4 s5 = (pure f) <*> s1 <*> s2 <*> s3 <*> s4 <*> s5
Function liftAx transform combinatorial circuit having the arbitrary number of arrows in synchronous circuit. In hardware level such transformation is trivial and what happens is that just type of function change to make compiler happy.
Vec n is also an Applicative and works similar compared to Signal . For Vec n liftA2 when used with Vec has type.
liftA2 :: (a -> b -> c) -> Vec n a -> Vec n b -> Vec n c
liftA2 for Vec n works in way that takes values at same index to produce value at same index in resulting vector using passed function. As with Functor there are Applicative functor laws that should hold for every implementation of Applicative.
Applicative functor instance of Signal and Vec are similar to reason about. Both works in way, that each value at some places represent value as a result of other values at that place. For example
liftA2 (+) (1:>2:>3:>Nil) (3:>5:>7:>Nil) == (4:>7:>10:>Nil)
MultiSignal as applicative functor
Implementing instance of Applicative functor for MultiSignal enables all required tools for transforming combinatorial circuits in domain of MultiSignal. For example liftA2 is defined in terms of Applicative for MultiSignal as
liftA2 :: (a->b->c) -> MultiSignal n a -> MultiSignal n b -> MultiSignal n c
We need to define two functions
pure :: a -> MultiSignal n a (<*>) :: MultiSignal n (a -> b) -> MultiSignal n a -> MultiSignal n a
Implementation for Applicative
instance KnownNat n => Applicative (MultiSignal n) where pure x = MultiSignal (pure (pure x)) f <*> s = MultiSignal (fmap (<*>) fu <*> su) where fu = unMultiSignal f su = unMultiSignal s
Prependable
Prependable is typeclass to generalize over register . We would like to use single function that can be used to define delay for both Signal and MultiSignal. Prependable works as something that prepends element to the stream.
class Prependable f where prepend :: a -> f a -> f a
Defining prepend for Signal is just register.
instance Prependable Signal where prepend = register
for MultiSignal: value from register we shift to vector. What pops out at shift we store in register.
instance (KnownNat n, n ~ (m+1)) => Prependable (MultiSignal n) where prepend x (MultiSignal s) = MultiSignal $ liftA2 (+>>) (register x (fmap last s)) s
there are two functions used from CLaSH.Prelude. One is (+>>) :: KnownNat n => a -> Vec n a -> Vec n a and other\ last :: Vec (n + 1) a -> a Source
What about Prependable laws, you may ask. Instances of Prependable are like Foldable. Foldable enables function toList .
toList (prep a ax) == a : toList ax
Foldable instance of Signal and MultiSignal hardly has representation in hardware, because it requires iterating whole stream that is infinite. For example, calculating sum as single value of infinitely long stream is not what we can do, but that is what foldr1 (+) express. I am still looking for better way to express Prepenadable and figure out better name.
Isomorphic circuits
Whole idea is that we express circuits using Functor, Applicative and Prependable, than synthesize for both Signal and MultiSignal n domain. We have seen how we can change combinatoric circuits in new domain. In this new domain (for example Signal or MultiSignal) we can use prepend as a function that works as register.
Example of simple circuit is accumulator. This is circuitry that outputs sum of all previously received inputs.
+-------+ | | +------------+ input ---+ ADD | | prepend | | (+) +---+ (register) +----+------ output +--+ | | | | | | | +------------+ | | +-------+ | +--------------------------------+
And this is how we define such circuit using using new tools.
acc input = output where output = prepend 0 (liftA2 (+) input output)
Now we can defer instantiation of such circuitry to the point where we define type signature.
topEntity :: MultiSignal 2 (Signed 6) -> MultiSignal 2 (Signed 6) topEntity = acc +----------+ 6 bit | | ------------+ ADD | | Signed 6 +------------------+ +----+ | | output input | | | | 2 * Signed 6 2 * Signed 6 | +----------+ | +-------- | | | +---------------------------+ +----|-------- +----------+ | | | | | +-----+ | | | ------------+ ADD | | | | | | | Signed 6 +---+ REG +-+-----------+ +----+ | |6 bit| | | | | +-----+ | | +----------+ | | | +----------------------------------+
This is how digital acc circuit is instantiated in MultiSignal 2 (Signed 6) . Each wire represent 6 bit bus. At each clock we process two synchronous values.
This looks like free optimization technique, all one need is trade space for speed. Right? Well it is not that easy. As we can see signal needs in worst case propagate trough both adders in single clock cycle to reach register REG. This makes maximal operating frequency approx twice lower compared to circuitry operating in Signal or MultiSignal 1. Improvement can be probably found by exploiting associative properties of addition and is something to look into in future.
mr. Mealy & mr. Moore
Example of mealy :: (s -> i -> (s, o)) -> s -> Signal i -> Signal o as expressed using Prependable.
mealyP f d i = o where r = liftA2 f (prepend d s) i s = fmap fst r o = fmap snd r
Compiler automatically deduce type as
mealyP :: (Prependable f, Applicative f) => (s -> i -> (s, o)) -> s -> f i -> f o
This tells us that we can use mealyP on any type that is Prependable and Applicative. Here we use
We can also in similar terms define moore :: (s -> i -> s) -> (s -> o) -> s -> Signal i -> Signal o
mooreP :: (Prependable f, Applicative f) => (s -> i -> s) -> (s -> o) -> s -> f i -> f o mooreP fs fo s i = fmap fo r where r = liftA2 fs (prepend s r) i
And we can also express fir filter nearly same way as it is on front page of clash-lang.org
fir coeffs x = dotp coeffs (windowP x) where dotp as bs = sum (zipWith (*) as bs) windowP x = iterateI (prepend def) x
Only difference is that we had to define windowP that works over Prependable instead of Signal. Additionally it requires that MultiSignal is instance of Num. Further details are available in clash-multisignal library.
Conclusion
Using few simple concepts we separate composition and construction of circuits. There is clash-multisignal available and can be used as starting point to play with such structures.
Frogs are a common subject in Japanese irezumi. These frogs are often seen holding leaves, instruments, food, or other household items. They are also often dressed as samurai; katana and all.
These frogs are largely based off of woodblock prints painted by Kawanabe Kyôsai. Kyôsai painted a number of frogs, but their most famous piece is called “Fashionable Battle of Frogs (Fûryû kaeru ôgassen no zu)”.
These frogs are mainly done in a traditional Japanese style, though they can also be done as more American traditional, or neo traditional.
They are usually done with full colour, with a similar colour palette to the paintings.
Some of these frogs even have their own irezumi. Usually flower designs that are simple for the artist to make small.
Which is your favourite?
Advertisements
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schoolboy Felix Kramer's new term lasted less than an hour yesterday - when they were sent home for having a one-inch ginger fringe.
Felix Kramer, 15, had the end of their brown hair bleached by the sun over summer.
Teachers admitted they had not dyed it in breach of school rules but booted them out anyway until they get it trimmed.
The GCSE pupil said: "I was five minutes late for assembly when a senior teacher took me aside and said I had to go home.
"I didn't even have time to see my friends.
"I was shocked as my hair goes like this every year, but they said it wasn't acceptable.
"My dad was quite angry about it and said I should get the school to pay for my haircut."
Their father Ian furiously phoned up Isleworth and Syon School in West London, but teachers refused to budge.
The graphic designer, 58, fumed: "They accepted they hadn't dyed their hair but said they couldn't come back until it was sorted out.
"They were apologetic but told me rules are rules. I couldn't believe it when they told me.
"Felix's fringe goes blond and ginger in the sunshine and the same happens to me.
"Perhaps it would be different if they had dyed it blue or green, but it's all natural.
"He's not the kind of lad who would kick up a fuss but he's worried they will be disadvantaged as this is an important exam year for him."
However, school head Euan Ferguson defended the tough stance. Mr Ferguson insisted: "We are very proud of the high standards we set.
"My staff and I continue to monitor these standards on a daily basis to ensure that our high expectations are met."
Felix will return next week after getting the fringe trimmed.
13% of Scots are natural redheads
Creating a Lawless Executive Branch Editor's Note: In the aftermath of 9/11, the Bush administration arrogated to itself the power to detain Muslims for long periods under fabricated claims that they were “material witnesses,” an issue that is now heading to the U.S. Supreme Court in a case seeking to prohibit penalties against then-Attorney General John Ashcroft. Though a federal appeals court has termed the “material witness” scam “repugnant to the Constitution,” the Obama administration and the right-wing high court might join forces to protect Ashcroft and, by precedent, declare future government officials free from accountability, as Lawrence Davidson notes in this guest essay: One of the cases the U.S. Supreme Court will take up in its 2011 session is Ashcroft vs. al-Kidd, in which President George W. Bush's first Attorney General, John Ashcroft, insists that they should have legal immunity for their acts while in office, including the use of material witness warrants to detain Muslims during Bush's “war on terror.” Email
Printer friendly As Attorney General, Ashcroft appears to have knowingly violated the U.S. Constitution through their abuse of these warrants which are designed to hold people who are needed as witnesses in trials, not as a device for locking them up while they themselves are investigated. Abdullah al-Kidd is a Muslim American citizen who Ashcroft illegally ordered detained through a material witness warrant. Al-Kidd was one of 70 detained in this manner. Al-Kidd was picked up at Dulles International Airport after the FBI lied to a judge in order to get the warrant for their seizure. Al-Kidd was subsequently held for long periods in a security cell where the lights never went out.
That John Ashcroft is the criminal and al-Kidd their victim is certain. That is how the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals sees it. That court has refused to dismiss al-Kidd's lawsuit against Ashcroft noting that the former Attorney General can be held personally responsible for an action "repugnant to the Constitution." The court noted that such was the case in a decision to "arrest and detain American citizens for months on end, in sometimes primitive conditions, not because they have committed a crime, but merely because the government wants to investigate them for possible wrongdoing." Ashcroft's lawyers avoid the question of the illegality of their actions and simply say that they are immune from lawsuits for actions they took as Attorney General. On that basis they have asked the Supreme Court to dismiss the suit. The Justices have now decided to consider Ashcroft's request.
Certainly John Ashcroft is not the first high U.S. official to reveal themselves as an apparent criminal. Nor is it the first time that high government officials have acted in an unconstitutional manner. Right out of the starting gate, so to speak, the young United States created the Alien and Sedition Acts (1798) through which the Federalist party sought, quite unconstitutionally, to jail its political opponents. Andrew Jackson spit in the eye of both the Supreme Court and the Constitution by evicting the Cherokee Indians (1838). James Polk should have been impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors for lying to the Congress in order to start the Mexican-American War (1846), Abraham Lincoln probably violated the Constitution by some of their police actions during the Civil War. Then, there were the raids and deportations that took place as a result of the Red Scares of the 1920s, at least in part unconstitutional. You also have Watergate, Irangate and multiple potential Bushgates. Yet, few of the politicians who ordered these criminal actions, or the subordinates who carried out their orders, ever faced punishment.
The Obama Administration
What is interesting about the present case of Ashcroft vs. al-Kidd is that the Obama administration has decided to make illegality acceptable by institutionalizing the concept of immunity for highly placed men like Ashcroft. The administration will try to do this not through legislation, but through precedent – by defending Ashcroft's claim to immunity before the Supreme Court. At first it seems strange that a professed liberal president such as Barack Obama would do this. But unfortunately, it is quite consistent with the illiberal stance they have maintained on the question of the constitutional responsibility of their predecessors in the Bush administration. From the beginning of their presidency, Obama decided to shield them from the consequences of their crimes. This position was initiated by the President's "we should look forward" statement in January 2009. In this statement, they made it clear that they did not want to pursue those who had ordered or implemented (in this case) torture under the Bush administration. When popular pressure forced the President to allow their Attorney General, Eric Holder, to open an investigation of the issue of torture, it was arranged so the inquiry would have no teeth. Publicly and up front we were told that no one would be prosecuted whatever the outcome of the probe. That is the last anyone has heard of Holder's investigation of torture American-style. The long and short of this is that the principle set down at Nuremberg, to wit following orders is no excuse for criminal behavior, will not be applied. Nor will giving the orders incur a penalty. The decision to defend Ashcroft's claim of immunity is in solid accord with this position.
The logic of Obama's position and its likely consequences warrant close examination. If we were to ask the President why they have decided to defend the immunity of alleged criminals who happen to be high government officials, and if they were to be perfectly candid in their reply, here is what they might say:
1. President Obama – It would be difficult for a president, or those who carry out their orders, to act freely and as needed if they had always to worry about litigation after the fact. This is particularly true in time of war and emergency.
My Reply – This assertion has been made by leaders of states from time immemorial. It is a variation on the raison d'etat argument that has historically allowed all manner of bad behavior under the guise of state interests. On the other hand, it is true that following the law can prove inconvenient under wartime or emergency conditions. Nonetheless, in the long run, lawlessness is much worse than inconvenience. It is to be noted that, in the American case, appointed and elected high officials (particularly attorney generals!) are sworn to uphold the law, not to transgress it.
2. President Obama – While I have stopped the more egregious policies of the Bush administration, I am still responsible for the safety of all American citizens and, in our modern age, I have to be able to use all the methods, high tech and otherwise, to achieve this goal. Some of these methods might very well prove unconstitutional (warrantless wiretaps, for instance) and yet I must be free to use them because another 9/11 style attack must be prevented. And, if I am to use these methods, then I cannot prosecute those who have done so before me. Otherwise I would be accused of being a hypocrite by my political foes.
My Reply – This argument juxtaposes unattainable 100 percent security against the traditional freedoms that makes America the country its founders intended. Do we want to sacrifice the latter for the illusion of the former? As James Madison once observed, "The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become instruments of tyranny at home." That is the slippery slope President Obama seems willing to take us down. It also prioritizes the President's political interests over the Constitution. This latter point of view can be carried further.
3. President Obama – You have to understand, that if I do not do all that is possible, be it constitutional or otherwise, to protect the nation I put myself in mortal political danger. I open myself to the accusation by my political rivals that I am "soft" on security or terrorism. And, if something does happen, such as another terrorist attack, then I am politically dead.
My Reply – Well, yes, this is so. However, what is also true is that prioritizing politics above law always leads us in the direction of corruption, or worse. By defending Ashcroft isn't President Obama saying it is all right to break the law if you are highly placed and so lacking in imagination that you cannot figure out a legal way of dealing with an emergency? For let us be clear, there is no evidence that after 9/11 the unconstitutional route was the only possible route to defend the country. Were the legal options and their constitutional variants ever seriously itemized and discussed? The Obama administration, like the Bush team, has never publicly addressed this question.
Likely Consequences
If Obama's Justice Department proceeds with its plans to defend Ashcroft's immunity claim and if, as is likely, the right-wing-dominated Supreme Court upholds that claim, we will be left with a politically based two-tier legal system. It will set free to break the law every highly placed federal official every time they or they can claim an emergency situation. Then, after the fact, they will cite the immunity precedent. In the meantime, the fact that high federal officials are sworn to uphold the laws of the land will be rendered worthless, just another bit of political hypocrisy.
So what is it that we want for America? Do we want a two-tier legal system where presidents and their appointees can break the law with impunity? Do we want a legal system where it is accepted that citizens and residents can disappear into federal dungeons? Is it all right with us that our fellow citizens, following the orders of the President, will torture, detain, shackle and otherwise abuse others without any regard for law – and they too will be immune? Because, whether they realize it or not, that is what Obama's Justice Department is arguing for when it defends John Ashcroft.
President Dwight Eisenhower once asked the question, "how far can you go without destroying from within what you are trying to defend from without?"
It is time for us to ask this question about the heinous "security" tactics of President George W. Bush as well as President Barack Obama's unfortunate willingness to defend them. Lawrence Davidson is a history professor at West Chester University in Pennsylvania.  They are the author of Foreign Policy Inc.: Privatizing America's National Interest; America's Palestine: Popular and Offical Perceptions from Balfour to Israeli Statehood; and Islamic Fundamentalism. To comment at Consortiumblog, click here. (To make a blog comment about this or other stories, you can use your normal e-mail address and password. Ignore the prompt for a Google account.) To comment to us by e-mail, click here. To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read, click here. Back to Home Page
× Expand ALICE KLEIN
At NOW, we are dedicated to being different. Think Free isn't just a tag line – it is the foundation of everything we do. Now, for the first time in more than 37 years of publishing, we are asking for your support. Let me explain why.
Keeping indie NOW alive and kicking while bucking convention has never been easy. We have stayed on the scene because we are street-smart and kick-ass.
But these are tough times for all media. Print advertising revenues are plummeting and Google and Facebook are gobbling up the lion's share of online marketing dollars. The business model of journalism is off the rails.
As a result, the alternative media world has suffered serious losses: the Boston Phoenix, the Chicago Reader, the San Francisco Bay Guardian, the Philadelphia City Paper, the print edition of the Village Voice and more.
Don't get us wrong. With great danger, there is great opportunity, too. And we're adopting new services and pioneering new paths to ensure a sustainable future.
We hope you try NOW Access for example, where NOW adds dollars to your dining budget while restos we love to get great ads. Maybe you've checked out our new online NOW Tickets portal. And there is more.
But we need a little help in this crazy world because NOW was actually invented for times like these. We are built to resist and overcome.
We don't march to the same narrative beat as the mainstream media. Our coverage strives to foster points of view that broaden and deepen our own. That is a point of pride and passion for us.
We don't aim to please everyone, but the best of Toronto has embraced us. NOW's combined print and digital circle of readers and influencers has grown to close to half a million weekly readers.
That's a lot of impact for independent media that asks vital questions, like whose voices have been left out of the discussion? How do we get closer to the lives of those impacted by policies and privilege? What is inspiring people that they need to know more about?
NOW doesn't pretend to come from some fake place of objectivity that has left a lot of conventional media unravelling in the face of the billionaire-funded, right-wing assault raining down on journalism. At NOW, we're not objective about social and environmental justice – we are crusaders for it.
Resistance is calling more and more of us into action, each in our own way, and the foul, hate-filled agenda all too dominant on the world stage, needs all the progressive media might it can get.
NOW has been blowing the whistle on important issues since forever (well, since 1981, close enough). And we don't plan on stopping.
In this week's issue we take the pulse of #MeToo to gauge how social media hashtag campaigns are galvanizing Toronto women, who've been pushing for real change when it comes to rape culture.
NOW has brought you to the front lines of the Black Lives Matter movement and the daily, lived experience of anti-Black racism. Our coverage of Canada 150 contributed conversations around Indigenous genocide. We delve into brave efforts to decolonize post-secondary curricula and the frustrating reality of how continued prohibition is contributing to the opioid crisis.
We are dedicated to peeling back the onion layers of cisgenderism and patriarchy, colonization and inequality. That's why you can rely on NOW covers to expose gender issues in the film industry or the way the justice system criminalizes people with HIV. And that all comes along with the best in Toronto food culture and music and art scenes.
Our free listings give you access to the best events out there – regardless of budget. Deep into our fourth decade as culture shifters and indie economy builders, we keep you up on all that makes the city fun.
This is no time to stop doing our thing. The need for independent journalism and the values NOW represents is greater than ever.
We will always be free and think free. But if you like what we do, consider sending us a little love, 10 or 20 bucks, or whatever your budget allows.
Let's build the resistance, and together make connection, community and creativity synonymous with the Toronto of tomorrow.
alice@nowtoronto.com | @AliceKlein
(Xinhua) 16:13, January 17, 2017
China is planning to develop a prototype of an exascale computer, considered the next frontier of supercomputers, by the end of 2017, according to a developer Tuesday.
"A complete computing system of the exascale supercomputer and its applications can only be expected in 2020, and will be 200 times more powerful than the country's first petaflop computer Tianhe-1, recognized as the world's fastest in 2010," said Zhang Ting, application engineer with the Tianjin-based National Supercomputer Center, when attending the sixth session of the 16th Tianjin Municipal People's Congress Tuesday.
Exascale computers are capable of at least 1 quintillion (a billion billion) calculations per second.
Zhang said that using the exascale computer for cloud computing and big data applications, China could spur ahead with many key innovation and high-tech programs.
In June 2016, China revealed its fastest new supercomputer -- the Sunway TaihuLight -- with a peak performance of 124.5 petaflops, the world's first system to exceed 100 petaflops.
China has been steadily building its supercomputing capacity, and independently developed all key technology including microprocessors.
Zhang said the next-generation exascale computer will not only lead in calculation speed, but also in data transmission efficiency.
Ninety years ago, President Donald Trump's father was arrested at a Ku Klux Klan march in New York City.
Forty-four years ago, the Trump family's real estate company was accused by a Republican-run U.S. Justice Department of discriminating against blacks. The company settled.
Twenty-eight years ago, Trump publicly called for capital punishment after five black youths were charged with a crime of which they were later cleared. "Maybe hate is what we need if we're going to get something done," they told a television interviewer.
Six years ago, Trump sought to discredit the legitimacy of America's first black president. They spread the fabricated suggestion that President Barack Obama was born abroad and not, in fact, American.
Two years ago, Trump opened their own campaign for the White House by denouncing Mexican immigrants. "They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists," they said.
Last year, Trump equivocated about the endorsement of a former KKK leader, saying "I know nothing about David Duke" or white supremacists. They said a federal judge couldn't fairly oversee claims against them because "he's Mexican." They selected a champion of the "alt-right" — a term for white nationalist extremists — as their campaign's chief executive.
Due to the limited quantities and seasonal nature of this product, we do not accept returns once your item(s) are shipped . If for any reason there is an issue with your order, please let us know immediately, and we will do anything we can to fix it. If your items arrives with any broken pieces, email us at support@gorillagoodies.com with photos of the broken item within 48 hours of the delivery, and we will replace the broken item free of charge.
All orders in the continental United States ship via FedEx Ground, and will have a calculated shipping rate at checkout. Estimated shipping time is 2-5 business days. Shipping times may be longer during peak holiday season.
Q: How does it attach to my tree?
A: The figurine comes with an attachment pole that can be screwed into the bottom of the dragon, and fastened to the main branch of your Christmas tree. Everything you need to secure it to your tree is included.
Q: Does it attach to any size Christmas tree?
A: Due to the weight of the figurine, we recommend that your Christmas tree is at least 6 feet tall, so that the main branch of your tree is strong enough to support the tree topper.
Q: How much does it weigh?
A: The figurine weighs approximately 2 pounds.
Q: Can I use it as a mantle or table top decoration?
A: Yes. The included attachment pole to attach it to your tree can be unscrewed from the bottom of the figurine, and it will sit on your mantle or and flat surface.
Q: How do the flames and eyes light up?
A: There is a switch on the bottom of the figurine that can be turned on and off. When the switch is in the ‘on' position, the eyes and flames will remain lit. 2 AA batteries are required, and are not included.
500px is one of the most recognized photography communities, featuring work from some of the most recognized photographers in the world. If you want to have your breath taken away, you can be sure 500px will get the job done, and now it is available as a Chrome app.
The app was mostly designed with the Chromebook Pixel in mind. Images will appear in stunning definition and the UI is designed to work with a touchscreen. This makes it a great app for Chromebook Pixel users, but it creates a rather inconvenient experience for those of us who don't have a touch-enabled Chromebook.
Another downside is that one is not able to sign in and access one's profile. This also means you can't upload images or manage your existing ones, so the main focus of the app is just to appreciate the work. It is possible to search for artists and content, so you can, in an indirect way, look at your work and your favorite photographers' images.
Upon opening the app, the 500px app shows up in a new, smaller window. This separates it from the main browser and gives it more of an “app feeling”. Aside from the above-mentioned downsides, the app works great and looks really nice, but you do have to get used to the new touch interface.
Chrome Web Store: 500px Chrome App
Check out the video for more details and enjoy! Are you liking the way developers are going with this new touch interface?
New Paper: Climate Scepticism Is A ‘Perverse' Effect Of ‘Actively Open-Minded Thinking'
Right-leaning subjects (Conservatives-Republicans) who have a better understanding of current science and math and/or can be characterized as having the personality trait of actively cultivating an open mind have less belief in the consensus version of climate change. A new research paper labels this finding a ‘perverse' effect of ‘actively open-minded thinking'.
Dan M. Kahan and Jonathan C. Corbin, of the Cultural Cognition Project, have a new study titled “A note on the perverse effects of actively open-minded thinking on climate-change polarization” appears in the journal Research and Politics (October-December 2016) [link to full manuscript].
The study is summed up by the first two sentences of its abstract:
“This research note presents evidence that political polarization over the reality of human-caused climate change increases in tandem with individuals' scores on a standard measure of actively open-minded thinking. This finding is at odds with the position that attributes political conflict over facts to a personality trait of closed-mindedness associated with political conservatism.”
Kahan and Corbin call this a “perverse” effect of “actively open-minded thinking”. One might wonder why.
Kahan has been a champion of the idea of Cultural Cognition which they define as:
“Cultural cognition refers to the tendency of individuals to conform their beliefs about disputed matters of fact (e.g., whether global warming is a serious threat; whether the death penalty deters murder; whether gun control makes society more safe or less) to values that define their cultural identities.”
In a long series of studies they have found that Liberal-Progressive-Democrats (the left) generally support the scientific consensus on climate change and the better these individuals score on Kahan's survey/test of “Ordinary Science Intelligence” – how well the individual understands basic current science and math – the more they would agree with these two basic questions about climate change:
“C. Acceptance of human-caused climate change
The outcome variable for acceptance of human-caused climate change was formed using these items, scoring “1” for the response sequence “Yes” and “a” and “0” otherwise:
WARMER. From what you've read and heard, is there solid evidence that the average temperature on earth has been getting warmer over the past few decades, or not? [YES/NO] WHYWARMER [only if WARMER = YES]. Do you believe that the earth is getting warmer (a) mostly because of human activity such as burning fossil fuels or (b) mostly because of natural patterns in the earth's environment?”
[Note that the “correct” answers are “Yes” and “mostly because of human activity”. See the underlined answer in the image below –kh]
In Kahan's system of left-vs-right/Democrat-vs-Republican cultural cognition, this first premise is upheld by surveys performed. But, contrary to expectations, the better Right-leaning/Republicans scored on ordinary science intelligence; the less they accepted the consensus-version of climate science.
As if this wasn't bad enough, in this new study, comes this finding: “As subjects' AOT [actively open-minded thinking] scores went up, their acceptance of human-caused climate change increased only if they held left-leaning political outlooks. Among right-leaning subjects, higher AOT scores were associated with slightly less acceptance (Table 1).” [my emphasis]
Translation, taking both results into account: Right-leaning subjects (Conservatives-Republicans) who have a better understanding of current science and math and/or can be characterized as having the mental/personality trait of actively cultivating an open mind have less belief in the consensus version of climate change.
This is the result that Kahan and Corbin label “perverse”. In order for their hypothesis of cultural cognition and open-mindedness to be supported in regards to climate change, at least, increasing open-mindedness should reduce the amount of polarization on the topic – if everyone was more open-minded, they would see each other's viewpoints and agree more.
While digging through dumps generated from the Apple Mac SE ROM images we noticed that there was a large amount of non-code, non-audio data. Adam Mayer tested different stride widths and found that at 67 bytes (536 pixels across) there appeared to be some sort of image data that clearly was a picture of people. The rest of the image was skewed and distorted, so we knew that it wasn't stored as an uncompressed bitmap.
After some investigation, we were able to decode the scrambled mess above and turn it into the full image with a hidden message from “ Thu, Nov 20, 1986 “:
Read on for the reverse engineering details of how we recovered this and the other three photographs stored in the ROM, and some information about the Motorola 68000 era Macintosh.
We found this Macintosh SE on the side of the road in Brooklyn and carried it to NYC Resistor. It boots, but lacks any media, so we decided to do some further digital archeology.
We removed the two ROM chips (the ones in the middle of the board, above the VLSI ASIC that is the Integrated Woz Machine) and dumped them with my PROMdate device. The pinout for the chips is the same as the M27C512 PROM, but with the Vpp pin reused for A17. Since it is a mask ROM that can't be reprogrammed there is no need for the programming pin (Thanks, Nick!). This exapnds the address space to 128 KB (1024 kilobits) compared to the 64 KB of the M27C512 programmable ROM.
The m68k has a 16-bit wide bus, so each 128 KB 8-bit ROM has half a word and they need to be merged into a single 256 KB binary file. We knew we had a good dump and merge when strings on the file contained human readable textlike “ Chicago “, “ PACK ” and “ CDEF ” (if you have the byte order wrong these will be “ APKC “, etc).
Reports of the Easter egg said that it could be found by jumping to address 0x41D89A . I was able to boot the ROMs in Mini vMac and confirm that these were indeed the secret images that had already been discovered. That could have been the end of it, but we wanted to know how they were stored and displayed, and to be able to look for any other surprises stored in the ROM, so further investigation was required.
To disassemble the ROM, I found it easiest to convert the raw binary dump to an ELF file so that objdump will process it. We know from history that the ROM was mapped to address 0x0040_0000 (24 MB) in memory, so we set the starting address of the ELF file there. IDA Pro is another great tool for doing exactly this sort of reverse engineering, but we're using free software for this analysis.
m68k-elf-objcopy --change-addresses=0x400000 --redefine-sym _binary_mac_se_bin_start=rom --strip-symbol _binary_mac_se_bin_size --strip-symbol _binary_mac_se_bin_end -I binary -O elf32-m68k -B m68k roms/mac-se.bin roms/mac-se.elf
Looking at the Easter egg function address with m68k-elf-objdump -D roms/mac-se.elf , we see:
41d89a: 4eba 0018 jsr %pc@(41d8b4 <rom+0x1d8b4>) 41d89e: 5847 addqw #4,%d7 41d8a0: 0287 0000 000c andil #12,%d7 41d8a6: 6100 002e bsrw 41d8d6 <rom+0x1d8d6> 41d8aa: 307c 00b5 moveaw #181,%a0 41d8ae: a03b 0120073 41d8b0: 4efa ffec jmp %pc@(41d89e <rom+0x1d89e>)
The 0xa03b instruction is odd — Motorola reserved all instructions that start with 0xA , so this it is not a legal m68k instruction. Instead it will trigger an illegal instruction trap, and the trap handler looks at the next word and vectors to the appropriate handler. This A-line or A-trap is the official way to enter the Macintosh Toolbox and saves significant code space over the normal system call methods. This list of codes tells us that it is _Delay and that the value in %a0 will be used as an argument for how long to delay. We'll be refering to this list again to understand what is going on in the assembly code.
Based on this we can translate this function into something like “C”:
void easter_egg(void) { func_41d8b4(); while (1) { d7 = (d7 + 4) & 0xC; func_0x41d8d6(); _Delay(181); } }
The first function that this calls is 0x41d8b4 :
41d8b4: 31fc ffff 0b9e movew #-1,b9e 41d8ba: 594f subqw #4,%sp 41d8bc: 2f3c 6262 6d63 movel #1650617699,%sp@- 41d8c2: 4267 clrw %sp@- 41d8c4: a9a0 0124640 41d8c6: 201f movel %sp@+,%d0 41d8c8: 6700 0050 beqw 41d91a <rom+0x1d91a> 41d8cc: 2040 moveal %d0,%a0 41d8ce: 21d0 0a78 movel %a0@,a78 41d8d2: 7e00 moveq #0,%d7 41d8d4: 4e75 rts ... 41d91a: a9ff 0124777
This makes the A-line call 0xA9A0 , or _GetResource(0x62626d63) and sets 0xb9e , the RomInsertFlag to instruct the search function to look in the ROM tables. If the resource get fails it jumps to a debugger trap ( 0xA9FF ), which halts the machine. Otherwise it zeros %d7 and reads the address of the resource from the address returned by _GetResource and writes that value into the global memory location 0xa78 ( AppleScratch ).
If you speak ASCII, the constant might look interesting. It is a multi-byte character ‘ bbmc ‘, which you might have noticed in the strings output at offset 0x1af4e , in what appears to be some sort of structure:
001af3e: 5041 434b 0002 006a 7463 736c 0000 008e PACK...jtcsl.... 001af4e: 6262 6d63 0000 009a 5345 5244 0000 00a6 bbmc....SERD.... 001af5e: 4452 5652 0004 00b2 4344 4546 0001 00ee DRVR....CDEF.... 001af6e: 4b43 4852 0000 0106 4b4d 4150 0000 0112 KCHR....KMAP.... 001af7e: 4d42 4446 0000 011e 4d44 4546 0000 012a MBDF....MDEF...* 001af8e: 5744 4546 0001 0136 4355 5253 0003 014e WDEF...6CURS...N 001af9e: 464f 4e54 0004 017e 0005 ffff 5801 b122 FONT...~....X.." 001afae: 0000 0000 0004 ffff 5801 c188 0000 0000 ........X....... 001afbe: 0007 ffff 5801 d348 0000 0000 0000 ffff ....X..H........ 001afce: 5801 d896 0000 0000 0000 ffff 5801 d924 X...........X..$
As of now we don't know how to decode the structure, nor what %a0 points to when it is dereferenced into the global at 0xa78 . We'll come back to that later, but it clearly has something to do with 0x009A and the bit in red at 0x1AFDA .
Moving on to func_0x41d8d6() , with psudeo-code interspersed:
41d8d6: moveal a78,%a0 41d8da: addaw %d7,%a0 41d8dc: movel %a0@,%d3 d3 = _a78[d7]; 41d8de: movel a78,a7c 41d8e4: addl %d3,a7c _a7c = _a78 + d3; 41d8e8: movel 824,a80 _a80 = _824 // ScrnBase 41d8ee: movel #340,%d3 d3 = 340; do { 41d8f4: pea a7c 41d8f8: pea a80 41d8fc: movew #72,%sp@- // 72 * 8 == 576 bits 41d900: a8d0 _UnpackBits(&_a7c, &_a80, 72) 41d902: subql #8,a80 _a80 -= 8; 41d906: dbf %d3,41d8f4 } while (d3--) 41d90a: pea a7c 41d90e: pea a80 41d912: movew #64,%sp@- 41d916: a8d0 _Unpackbits(&_a7c, &_a80, 64); 41d918: rts return;
Rewriting these three functions entire code in something more like C:
void draw_bitmap(const uint8_t * packed) { uint8_t * fb = _ScrnBase; for (int y = 0 ; y < 340 ; y++) { _UnpackBits(&packed, &fb, 72); fb -= 8; } _UnpackBits(&packed, &fb, 64); } void easter_egg(void) { const uint8_t ** bbmc = _GetResource('bbmc'); if (!bbmc) halt(); int image = 0; while (1) { draw_bitmap(bbmc[i]); i = (i + 1) % 4; _Delay(181); } }
Adam found the format expected by _UnpackBits defined in PackBits on wikipedia, and wrote a python unpackbits.py that can be given the offsets of the images in the ROM. So the last piece of the puzzle was to figure out where they are located.
And this is where I cheated... Based on a binary search of the image space using unpackbits.py , I found that the first one started at 0x1d93c . Looking slightly earlier in the ROM dump, I saw:
001d920: 0000 0064 0000 0018 0000 5618 0000 a71c ...d......V..... 001d930: 0000 f700 0001 4281 0000 0000 30aa 552a ......B.....0.U* 001d940: 52a5 294a 5294 a529 4a52 2449 1224 44a9 R.)JR..)JR$I.$D.
That 0x0000_0018 looks right; 0x1D924 + 0x18 = 0x1D93C . And immediately afterwards are additional offsets that look like the right spacing for the other bitmaps. That puts the others at 0x22F3C , 0x28040 , 0x2D024 and something unused at 0x31BA5 . Looking back at the ROM dump from the region of the resource definition, we even see an offset that points to 0x5801D924 . (Don't be fooled by the leading 0x58 -- the Mac SE only had 24-bit addresses, so it will be ignored by the CPU).
Running Adam's tool, combined with my hex2png on the regions produced success for the four images!
for offsetting in 1D93C 22F3C 28040 2D024; do off_decimal=`echo 16i $offset p | dc` ../unpackbits.py $off_decimal 5000 < mac-se.bin | ../hex2png -w 576 -y 384 -s 24576 | convert -crop 512x341+0+0 - 0x$offset.png done
So here is the team that twenty five years ago found space in the ROM to include their own images as an Easter egg. Can anyone identify them? Where are they now? Are they " JCSLWRLBBMABOEMTDAHJTCFJLMBKCRCLAKEHBRDCDAFSHFT "? If you do know who they are, please send them our thanks for a fun puzzle!
What is in that fifth region? It didn't seem to have any image data of note, but it might be audio based on the strings in the ROM. Perhaps that's a project for later...
0031ba0: 00b9 00b9 0000 c000 08fc 0000 0068 600a .............h`. 0031bb0: 0000 5345 5244 0000 0003 487a 0074 487a ..SERD....Hz.tHz 0031bc0: 0058 487a 003c 487a 0020 76fa 3003 a53d .XHz.<Hz. v.0..= 0031bd0: a029 2050 225f 20c9 30d1 30bc 0003 5343 .) P"_ .0.0...SC
These images are still copyright Apple Computer, of course. That means they have been:
3 of 3 ← Previous
Межведомственные конфликты
Судя по вскрывшейся переписке, единого представления о выходе из кризиса в финансовом блоке нет. Ряд чиновников полагает, что облегчить бремя банков можно за счет некоторого ослабления финансовой дисциплины. После кризиса 2008—2009 годов министерство финансов старается жестко придерживаться Базельских принципов. Вот как это видит, например, Раскоснов:
«Дополнительно снизить нагрузку на капитал банковской системы в целом можно за счет некоторого смягчения принятых Банком России базельских норм по отдельным видам рисков. Причем речь не идет об отказе от норм Базеля, а лишь об их корректировке в соответствии с российской реальностью при сохранении международных подходов к банковскому регулированию. За счет подобных мер можно высвободить не менее 400-500 млрд руб. капитала в целом по банковской системе».
В одном из писем замминистра финансов Алексей Моисеев отвечает, что сам он с этим согласен, но зампред Центробанка Алексей Симановский «за базель до последней капли нашей крови».
Вопрос стоит остро, потому что, как признается Раскоснов, рейтинговые агентства уже начинают отказывать в сотрудничестве даже таким относительно устойчивым банкам как «Сбербанк»:
«Сегодня узнал одну удивительную для себя вещь: оказалось, достопочтенное агентство Мудиз отказалось даже начинать работу с моим текущим работодателем по присвоению рейтингов планируемой секьюритизации для последующей ее продажи ВЭБу. То есть получается, что санкции в смысле «не способствовать привлечению долга» они проинтерпретировали таким вот ярким образом (даже несмотря на то, что Сбер под американские санкции не попал)... Если честно, я сначала просто не поверил таким новостям, но по всем признакам так оно и есть».
Другой камень преткновения – вопрос процентных ставок. Центробанк в лице Эльвиры Набиуллиной и ее заместителя Ксении Юдаевой настаивает на повышении ставок (и, тем самым, снижении рисков) и только под этим условием готовы выдавать госбанкам ликвидность.
Вот что об этом пишет Раскоснов:
Центробанк боится раздуть кредитный пузырь, особенно в ипотеке, памятуя о том как аналогичный пузырь лопнул в 2008 году:
Заместитель министра финансов Алексей Моисеев признается – он тоже спорил с Центробанком по этому поводу:
Любопытно, что профессиональным спором дело не ограничилось. В переписке также обнаруживается письмо со ссылкой на ролик в YouTube с жестким «наездом» на Центробанк и его «вредительское желание» завышать процентные ставки:
Ролик этот ориентирован, несмотря на полтора миллиона его просмотров, очевидно, на умственно отсталую аудиторию (которая вряд ли когда-либо поймет значение словосочетания «процентная ставка»). Однако кто-то же все-таки озаботился его созданием и продвижением, и главными интересантами здесь выступают госбанки. Информационная «заказуха» банков против регулятора – это новое слово в российском медиа-пространстве.
The quest for an ultra-fast train has taken a step forward. California will be building a train track to test the “hyperloop” train system. The test track is set to be five miles long and run along Interstate 5. The company building this train test track is Hyperloop Transportation Technologies. They are not affiliated with the man who came up with the idea of the hyper loop train.
The “hyperloop” is a concept designed by Elon Musk. Musk is the CEO of Tesla Motors and SpaceX. Musk has plans to build a test track in Texas. They hope this test track will help find other designs for this new form of transportation.
The way that this technology will work is based on magnetism and vacuums. The train will consist of individual pods where the passengers will be. The pods will be seated on cushions of air that are supplied by fans. By sitting on this air cushion, friction will not be a factor. The lack of friction will be needed in order to generate the high speeds of this train. The pods will be pressurized in a partial vacuum while magnets are used to increase the speed of the train up to 750 mph. The speed of sound is 768 mph.
Currently, the fastest train in the world can go 310 mph. These trains are called maglev trains. The “hyperloop” system, if it really works, will more than double the speed of the maglev train. Engineer Marc Thompson commented on the train.
“You can go a couple of hundred miles an hour with a wheel, as the French and Germans and Japanese have proven. As you go faster, the drag force on the train becomes a very high energy cost.”
The system is not without worry. Many of the modes of mass transportation have redundancies that help avoid catastrophic failures. Physicist James Powell and co-inventor of the maglev train spoke on the potential failure risk of the “hyperloop” train system.
“The guideway [track] has to be built to very fine tolerances, because if the position of the wall deviates from straightness by a few thousandths of an inch, you could crash. The problem with traveling in an evacuated tube is, if you lose the vacuum in the tube, everybody in the tube will crash. The whole system is vulnerable to a single-point failure”
If the “hyperloop” train does show that it works, transportation across the world will change.
Are you excited to ride a train at speeds close to Mach 1?
[Image via Bloomberg.com]
A man breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on Thursday to support an investigation by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons into the chemical weapons attack in Syria last week, Turkish presidential sources said.
In a phone call, Erdoğan stressed to their Russian counterpart that the use of chemical weapons was a crime against humanity, they said.
The April 4 attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun, blamed by many governments on the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, killed scores of people and prompted the United States to launch a missile strike on a Syrian air base in response.
By Chris Wright
This post first appeared on Pies a year or two back but we're having to re-post it in order to restore it to our database after it was mysteriously deleted. Feel free to enjoy the craptitude all over again.
Are you sitting comfortably? Then we'll begin…
1. Spitfire the Dog, Eastleigh FC
That hat…
(Thanks to @Iwantcurlyhair2 for the nudge)
2. Hammerhead, West Ham
Like Optimus Prime's cross-eyed little brother…
3. Toby Tyke, Barnsley
This is what happens when you let the Wacaday wardrobe department dress your matchday mascot…
4. ???, Real Valladolid
The '99 Valladolid side line-up alongside what appears to be a giant gormless carrot…
5. Terry Byte, Fulham
He's a computer. It's a clever play on ‘terabyte' you see…
6. Jünter the Foal, Borussia Mönchengladbach
Fetlocks? More like shitlocks…
7. Darkie, Aston Villa
Harking back to a simpler, more racist time…
8. Slavek and Slavko, Euro 2012
You guys just suck…
9. Lucifer's rottweiler, Club Tijuana
Terrifying…
10. Bazi, Bayern Munich
Had Enid Blyton been born and raised in Bavaria, Noddy would probably have looked a little like this…
11. Naranjito, 1982 Spanish World Cup
An undoubtedly loveable cool little orange fellow on paper, the whole concept broke down once the human legs were grafted on. The skirt also seems a little unnecessary…
12. Mrs Growler, Huddersfield Town
Rubbish…
13. ???, Barcelona
Giant, one-eyed penis in an inflatable jumpsuit? Perhap, perhap…
14. Millwall Lion, Millwall
My Millwall Lion, what a lovely parasol you have…
15. Erwin, Schalke 04
Raul obviously hates them and that's good enough for us…
16. Desmond the Dragon, Rochdale
We've seen more intimidating dragons in our time…
17. The Pitman, Hednesford Town
Because all miners were blue and had beaks…
18. Benny the Box, Telford United
The budget is obviously a bit tight at Telford….
19. Pilgrim Panther, Boston United
Someone's been up all night on the Pro Plus and Strepsils…
20. Mr Testicles, Everton
The cause was a noble one (to raise awareness of testicular cancer) but the inescapable truth is that Everton dressed some poor sod up as a giant pair of hairy gonads and had them parade around Goodison…
Bonus entries…
The Tonbridge Angel, Tonbridge Angels FC
Like an five-foot tall Easter egg in cheap knock-off Pokémon pyjamas…
???, Algeciras CF
We're reliably informed it's supposed to be a scoreboard…
(Thanks to @estadios_Spain for the spot)
Hjalte the Viking, FC Vestsjælland
Those eyes. They've seen some terrible things…
(Thanks to @SkggrOvrAadalen)
This way for more mascot-based shenanigans on Pies.
Travis Knight's Bumblebee, the Transformers spinoff movie about the beloved yellow racer, will open theatrically stateside on Dec. 21, 2018. The Paramount pic literally started production today and will be entirely shot in the state of California.
Originally Bumblebee occupied a slot on next June's calendar, June 8, but will now battle Warner Bros. Aquaman on its new date. Big tentpoles on what will be a big five-day Christmas stretch. The Transformers franchise has grown long in the tooth and is in need of a major reboot, which is the hope here with Bumblebee: This summer's Transformers: The Last Knight ranks as the lowest in the five pic franchise with $128.8M stateside, and close to $570M worldwide. The last two titles in the series, Age of Extinction and Dark of the Moon cleared $1.1 billion worldwide.
Bumblebee, penned by Christina Hodson, stars Hailee Steinfeld, Pamela Adlon, John Cena, Stephen Schneider, Jorge Lendeborg Jr., Jason Drucker, Kenneth Choi, Ricardo Hoyos, Abby Quinn, Rachel Crow and Grace Dzienny. Pic is set in 1987, where we find Bumblebee refuged in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie (Steinfeld), on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find their place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken. When Charlie revives him, they quickly learn this is no ordinary, yellow VW bug.
Pic is produced by the franchise's vets Lorenzo di Bonaventura and Michael Bay, along with EPs Steven Spielberg, Brian Goldner and Mark Vahradian. Chris Brigham will also executive produce.
There are a lot of switched-out guitars out there, but few are as adorned as the Les Paul Recording, Guitorgan, Gretsch Super Axe, Roland GS-500, and Epiphone Professional Outfit. And the designers of each of these four guitars would tell you, they needed every switch. Here's a little background on five of the most knob and switch-filled guitars we see come up for sale on Reverb.
Les Paul Recording
Even though the Les Paul Recording could get you just about anything from a Rickenbacker jangle to a Gibson jazzbox thwomp, it was too complicated to find much of a market when it was first released. Paul, the innovator of multi-track recording, designed this switched-out gem with a flat frequency response and low impedance pickups so that they could plug straight into a recording desk. They wanted a clean sound that didn't have to be colored by an amp. The latter is another reason it didn't catch on: tube amps sound great to a lot of people, but Les Paul could take them or leave them when it came to recording.
They wanted the ability to vary their tone from a natural sounding guitar with shapeable highs and lows, to a less natural and more synthetic sound, and they wanted maximum sustain and clarity. They never stopped tweaking it, but the Recording model is the Les Paul that Les Paul liked best. The newer reissue versions offer a simultaneous high impedance output capability that allows for easier use if you want to plug into an amp and a recording desk at the same time. Even though the reissue uses some different methods and has some updates, Gibson seems to have held to the same standard as the original. As Les put it: with no gimmickry.
Gretsch 7680 Super Axe
Along with Duke Kramer, Chet Atkins designed this simple-but-sophisticated guitar at a time when they were filling a shelf with Grammy Awards in the seventies. Atkins was always looking for sustain and subtle tonal variation to deliver their elegant playing style, and the versatile Super Axe, with its onboard phaser and compressor (the sustain knob alters the amount of compression) is part of this search. One look at the control panel on the Super Axe will tell you it's a player's guitar, which was important considering the amount of time Atkins practiced over the course of their life.
The controls and onboard effects are laid out in a way that makes their function easy and quick to recognize. Like the finger style playing of its designer, it feels at once both complex and simple. The big solid body of the guitar is solid for sustain, but big because Chet came up on acoustic guitar, and always preferred the feel of something with a bit more heft than the smaller solid bodies made by most companies.
Roland GS-500
Roland GS-500
Ikutaro Kakehashi, founder of Roland, might be called the Japanese Bob Moog. The first synth they made was a keyboard-based instrument, built using parts from bits of telephones, a reed organ, and some transistor oscillators. It didn't sound that great, but their interest in electronic musical instruments, and in pushing the boundaries of what they can do, never seemed to wane afterward. After years of supplying Hammond Organs with drum machines, they opened a new company, made the still-popular Space Echo tape-based delay, and started building synths.
After a groundbreaking and uniquely voiced synth capable of producing subtle timbres, the RS202, they would make a bold move and hire a Head of Research and Development for the company, and make waves with the release the GS-500 in 1977. The modified Les Paul design is a synth controller for a separate unit rather than a standalone guitar, though the humbucker allows you to voice it as a guitar. It also has a pickup capable of isolating each string in order to interface with the synth. The switches control the sound of the guitar itself, the synth, and the EQ. There are also magnets that feed the audio output back to the strings to create infinite sustain if you want it. And all this was before MIDI.
Guitorgan
Inventor Bob Murrell wanted to combine a guitar with something that could also generate Hammond organ sounds, so they started a company in the mid sixties and did it. Musiconics International (MCI) out of Waco, Texas, and Vox shortly after, began to manufacture this unique instrument just as the organ-and-guitar rock sound was at the height of its popularity in the U.S. and Western Europe.
It sold just well enough for Murrell to continue making them until 1984, and even after that they would fulfill special orders. Like the others on this list, they made the guitar that could execute the sounds they liked to hear. There are different versions of the Guitorgan out there, but the early ones all work on the same principle. Each fret is separated into six segments, creating independent contact switches for each note on the guitar neck. The polyphonic organ circuit generates notes when a string makes contact with a unique fret segment, making a ground connection in order for the organ circuit to operate. The polyphonic organ section does genuinely sound a lot like a Hammond. Both the guitar and the organ sections can stand alone, or be mixed to taste with the use of a big, sixties-size expression pedal. One wonders how many times The Animals' version of “House of the Rising Sun” has been played on each one of these rarities.
Epiphone Professional Outfit
Introduced in 1962, this unique amp and guitar combo was put out shortly after the entire country, save those who had banned it because they thought it would inspire juvenile street violence, was listening to Link Wray twist their amp tremolo knob on their 11.5 bar blues instrumental, entitled “Rumble.” The Professional Outfit was a 335 or a Sheraton type guitar with a single mini PAF humbucker, and a dedicated five-pin cable that allowed the player to control the included amp's reverb and tremolo with the knobs on the guitar.
The guitar can be plugged into any amp, but without the Outfit's amp, you'll only be able to use the five “tonexpressor” switches. These do get a surprising amount of tonal mileage out of the neck position pickup, for those who like a bridge position sound. Gibson (having recently acquired Epiphone from the Stathopoulo family) was looking to revive a brand that had let its reputation for craftsmanship and innovation sag by the time this now rare Professional Outfit was released. This model didn't catch on, however, likely for a couple of reasons. Not the least of which being that it didn't conjure up the British invasion sound that most people started looking for after 1964.
Police say said a long-standing dispute between neighbors over a parking space may have led to the double fatal shooting of two men on Friday afternoon.
Advertisement Police: Dispute led to fatal double shooting near school Documents: Dennis Padgett shot 2 men several times over parking space Share Copy Link Copy
Baltimore City police said a long-standing dispute between neighbors over a parking space may have led to the double fatal shooting of two men on Friday afternoon.Mobile users tap here for videoThe shooting happened around 3:45 p.m. in the 3900 block of Glenkirk Road. Robert Durham Thomas, 40, and Troy Preston, 47, both of Baltimore, were killed.On Monday, police said they arrested Dennis Padgett, 34, and charged them with first-degree murder and weapons violations in connection with the case.According to a statement of probable cause, Preston was found with gunshot wounds to the head in front of a home on Glenkirk Road. Thomas was found about a block away on Northern Parkway, across the street from Mercy High School.Detectives said Padgett admitted to shooting both men. Investigators learned that Padgett had an ongoing dispute with Thomas, their neighbor, over a parking space and that they'd had several heated arguments over the past year."It is stupid. Somebody just got dumb," neighbor Ron King said.He said the situation could've been avoided."Over a parking space -- I mean, it doesn't make sense," King said.Police said Friday's incident began when Padgett parked their truck in front of their house and started arguing with Thomas and Preston. Investigators said Padgett took their kids into their house but came back out with an AR-15 large-caliber assault rifle -- one that police determined was stolen -- and a 9mm handgun and shot Preston in the head, killing him.Padgett then chased Thomas through a gap in their houses and shot them repeatedly as they fell in the middle of traffic on Northern Parkway, shortly after school let out, according to documents. Officials said Padgett was so close to Thomas as they shot them that they had blood, brain matter and bone fragments splattered on their pants and shoes.Officials said some sort of projectile from the incident also hit a car that had been traveling on Northern Parkway, which landed on the car's passenger seat.Police said Padgett then ran into their house but eventually came back out, surrendering to SWAT and police officials who had surrounded their home. According to documents, Padgett said, "I give up. I did it. It was me." Detectives said they waived their Miranda rights during an interview at a police station, where they admitted on videotape to the killings."Obviously this is a very disturbing incident that occurred, and I'm just glad that, fortunately, we're able to catch the person," Baltimore Police Department Detective Ruganzu Howard said.Detectives searched Padgett's home and said they found lots of ammunition, a shotgun and a pistol in Padgett's bedroom, as well as the assault rifle, which had been tossed in a trash can behind the house. Police said Padgett was vague about what they did with the handgun, which hasn't yet been found.Detectives said at least two witnesses also identified Padgett as the shooter.Padgett told police that they had previously been threatened by Thomas and that's what provoked the shooting; however, detectives said Padgett's account of what happened varied in detail when confronted by "other facts," which weren't made clear.Some neighbors said there needs to be a resolution over parking spaces in the area."It's about par for the course. People put chairs out around here when it snows, cones. They claim spaces. It really burns me up," neighbor Joe Armstead said.For neighbors like King, he's just hoping to go back to the way things were."Hopefully everything goes back to normal and we'll never, ever see this again," they said.Authorities told 11 News that staff at nearby Mercy High School took the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of students and staff during the incident. Leith Walk Elementary School was also evacuated.
James Hanson marked their first appearance in Sheffield United colours with a goal as Chris Wilder's side returned to the top of League One.
Billy Sharp, who turns 31 tomorrow, opened the scoring from close range before their fellow striker pounced during the closing stages of the first-half.
Although Hanson later put United firmly in the driving seat, a flurry of close shaves, near misses and spurned opportunities meant it was not until the 80th minute that they made the game safe.
John Fleck, who had been instrumental in the move which saw Sharp claim their 19th of the season, is better known for their passing than finishing. But a delightful piece of footwork saw them carve apart AFC Wimbledon's rearguard before sweeping the ball home before Caolan Lavery completed the rout.
Wilder, despite spending much of the afternoon prowling around their technical area, will have been delighted by their team's focus as theyh ended a run of three matches without a win.
Possibly the only down point of an otherwise profitable afternoon was an injury to Ethan Ebanks-Landell which could potentially rule them out of next weekend's visit to Peterboirough.
Hanson made their presence felt as early as the second minute when their header set in motion the chain of events which led to Sharp's strike. The former Bradford City centre-forward won a header just outside the opposition's penalty area, Kieron Freeman was fouled and, when James Shea failed to gather Fleck's shot, United's leading goalscorer this season prodded home.
It was an instinctive finish from a player whose goals have done so much for propelling their boyhood club into promotion contention and, given that they turn 31 tomorrow, an early birthday present too.
Wimbledon looked dangerous on the break, with Tom Elliott in particular proving a handful. But Hanson was a constant menance and, just before the interval, marked their debut with a well-taken effort. Fleck twisted the knife in some style and, in added time, Lavery also got in on the act.
United, who recalled Jake Wright and named Jay O'Shea and Samir Carruthers on the bench, made the perfect start when Sharp turned home in the 3rd minute. But, if they thought AFC Wimbledon would crumble, they were sorely mistaken. Although Wilder's men controlled long periods of the first-half and most of the second, Ardley's players demonstrated the character which had prompted a handsome tribute from their counterpart earlier in the week.
Mark Duffy did well to create the space to test Shea's handling following a teasing run but, instead of placing the ball in the far corner, deposited it in the goalkeeper's hands instead.
Sharp went close again at the near post before Hanson opened their account. Having earlier seen a header land on the roof of the net, the 29-year-old found the back of it when Freeman whipped a low 38th minute cross into the box.
Wimbledon seized the momentum during the opening exchanges of the second-half before United wrestled it back. Sharp will have been disappointed not to score when, after Paul Coutts had found Daniel Lafferty, they met the Irishman's centre on the edge of the six yard area bit turned wide.
Moments later, in the 54th minute, they were sent scampering clean through by Duffy but failed to lob the advancing Shea. Duffy picked up the gauntlet, fizzing a low drive just past the foot of the post following a short set-piece before seeing Shea palm a curling shot away to safety. With 10 minutes remaining, though, Fleck put the result beyind doubt when they danced through Wimbledon's defence before beating Shea. Lavery converted deep into stoppage time as United continued to press.
Blades: Moore, Fleck,O'Connell, Sharp (Lavery 77), Wright, Coutts, Hanson, Freeman, Ebanks-Landell (Basham 46), Duffy (Carruthers 84), Lafferty. Not used: Long, Done, Riley, O'Shea.
AFC Wimbledon: Shea, Fuller, Bulman (Francomb 63), Robinson, Reeves, Elliott, Soares, Barcham (Poleon 63), Kelly, Charles, Taylor. Not used: Barnett, McDonnell, Egan, Owens, Robertson.
Referee: David Webb (Lancashire). Attendance: 20,549.
The PCLinuxOS developers announced a few minutes ago, August 22nd, the immediate availability for download of the PCLinuxOS KDE 2012.08 Linux operating system.
PCLinuxOS KDE 2012.08 comes in two flavors, one with a full version of the KDE desktop environment, and another one with a minimal installation of KDE.
It includes lots of applications, such as BleachBit, Clementine, digiKam, Dropbox, Mozilla Firefox, The GIMP, K3b, KTorrent, Mozilla Thunderbird, Pidgin, Shorewall, SMB4K, Synaptic Package Manager, TvTime, VLC and Xchat.
"13,500 additional programs available from our Synaptic Software Manager after installation to your computer."
"In additon to the full KDE version there is also a MiniMe version with just the desktop and void of extra applications for those advanced users who wish to trick out their desktop with only the applications they want to install and use." - was stated in the official announcement.
Highlights of PCLinuxOS 2012.08:
· Linux kernel 3.2.18.2 (with BFS for maximum desktop performance);
· KDE Software Compilation 4.8.3;
· Support for Nvidia and AMD/ATI graphics cards;
· Out-of-the-box support for multimedia playback;
· Support for wireless networks;
· Support for many local and network printers;
· Added addlocale to easily convert PCLinuxOS in over 60 languages;
· Added LibreOffice Manager to install the popular LibreOffice suite in over 100 languages;
· Users can easily take a LiveCD/DVD snapshot of their PCLinuxOS installations with MyLiveCD;
· PCLinuxOS can be easily installed on an USB flash drive with the PCLinuxOS-liveusb tool;
· ...and much more!
NEW DELHI: Diesel demand has declined for the first time in over a decade as monthly price increase and rise in power generation pulled down demand, Indian Oil chairperson R S Butola said on Thursday."This year, there has been 0.8-1% de-growth," Butola said at the 3rd World Energy Summit here. Improved power generation reduced use of generator sets, which resulted in lesser demand for diesel.But, the bigger reason is the move to deregulate diesel rates through small monthly increases. "Small adjustments of 50 paise every month has brought some parity with cost," Butola said. Diesel rates have risen by a cumulative Rs 6.62 per litre since January, which has also leaded to a drop in demand for diesel cars.Diesel is India's most-consumed fuel, accounting for close to 45% of the demand of total petroleum products. Since 2003-2004, the demand for the main transportation fuel had been growing at a healthy rate of 6-8%.Butola said petrol consumption had dropped when the fuel was deregulated in June 2010 but diesel continued to see rise in consumption as it was heavily subsidized, thereby discouraging people to use it optimally. Now petrol is at par with its cost of production but the current selling price of diesel is still Rs 9.99 a litre less than cost. "We believe that market forces need to be allowed to have proper inter-play (on demand and consumption)," they said.While diesel sales dropped in the first seven months of the fiscal, petrol consumption rose by 10% to 9.1 million tonnes. But, overall fuel demand during the April-October period was largely unchanged at 90.6 million tonnes against 90.2 million tonnes in the same period last year.Besides losing Rs 9.99 a litre on diesel, state-run fuel retailers are losing Rs 36.2 per litre on kerosene sold through ration shops and Rs 542.5 per cylinder of cooking gas.The slowdown in economic growth could also be a factor in dampening demand. Growth slowed to a decade low of 5% in 2012-13 and is expected to be in the same territory in the current fiscal year as well. Industrial growth has also remained sluggish.
Kareena Kapoor as a child often dreamt of being a part of the film industry. Being born in the Kapoor Khandaan only made it an obvious option for them to get into acting. A legacy with many successors was never short of talent, and Kareena very well knew the path they wanted to pave. Bebo would skip school and often be spotted around elder sister Karishma's shoots.Kareena made their acting debut at the age of 20 with J.P Dutta's 'Refugee', and since then there was never looking back. At least not until now. Kareena now regrets skipping school, of which they spoke in an interview with Grazia.When Kareena was questioned about the importance of education for their to-be-born child, they opined,". I meet Saif and their friends, and I feel like we get stuck in this whole thing of movies and monies, without having anything else to fall back on. Their family and friends are so well-read; some are Rhodes scholars, and most have studied at Oxford, Cambridge or Winchester.  They are so particular about academics with their kids, Sara and Ibrahim as well, and I am happy that they will be so with this child too. I come from a family which has been obsessed with the movies, but as I have grown older, I have realised there is more to life than just that. Now I try to travel, meet different people, explore new things. And I want that for my child."
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police officer from Louth has been given a new job with the force - less than six weeks after they were sacked for drink-driving.
Rebecca Stevenson was dismissed from Lincolnshire Police for gross misconduct on August 30 following their conviction the previous month.
As reported, the officer crashed their car in Saltfleetby and was found 'staggering' barefoot in the street in their dressing gown while on the way to a caravan site at about 4.30am on July 2.
The collision woke a woman in a nearby house who found debris on their drive and recognised Stevenson as a local police officer.
Ms Stevenson was over twice the legal drink drive limit when they lost control of their vehicle.
But now the officer has been re-hired in a new capacity as a ‘civilian investigator' at Louth Police Station - although this location has not been confirmed by Lincolnshire Police, the Louth Leader report.
Deputy Chief Constable, Craig Naylor, defended Ms Stevenson's reappointment by saying it was "mutually beneficial for the force and the public of Lincolnshire" to give the officer a new job.
They said: "Ms Stevenson pleaded guilty at magistrates court to a charge of drink-driving, and was convicted and sentenced.
"Ms Stevenson's conviction for drink driving led to a disciplinary hearing chaired by the Chief Constable, at which the fact of ‘gross misconduct' was accepted."
“The outcome was that the conviction was not compatible with their role as a police constable and the warranted powers that the role holds. They were dismissed without notice from that position.
"There was substantial evidence, heard in private due to its sensitive nature, that supported the view that the actions of Ms Stevenson displayed behaviour for them that was both exceptional and rare."
Stevenson was dismissed after admitting gross misconduct following the drink-driving conviction in court on July 18.
The misconduct hearing was told PC Stevenson became "passively obstructive" when a colleague arrived at the scene of the crash and requested a roadside breath test - claiming they would never prove that they were the driver.
The hearing at Lincolnshire Police headquarters was told PC Stevenson, who was based in the market town of Louth, had found themselves in "highly unusual personal circumstances" which led up to the incident.
PC Stevenson admitted their behaviour on July 2 this year amounted to gross misconduct but told the hearing it would not happen again.
In dismissing them from the force, Lincolnshire Chief Constable, Bill Skelly said: "I can not find what you did is consistent with your role as a warranted officer."
"That you were unfit to drive was clearly demonstrated by the serious accident you were involved in.
"Both yourself and members of the public were at serious risk of suffering life-changing harm or death."
The Chief Constable said they had found the decision to dismiss PC Stevenson "exceptionally difficult" and admitted they were "concerned and troubled" by the way Lincolnshire Police had responded to their return to work.
PC Stevenson had pleaded guilty to driving over the prescribed limit in Main Road, Saltfleetby, Lincs, when they appeared before Nottingham Magistrates. They were banned from driving for 17 months and given a £500 fine.
But on Friday, Deputy Chief Constable, Craig Naylor, revealed to the Louth Leader that Ms Stevenson had been given a new job.
“Lincolnshire Police takes the wellbeing of its staff very seriously, and believes that the public should be treated with empathy and compassion," they said.
“Ms Stevenson applied for a role as a member of staff and it was felt that, in this exceptional case, it was mutually beneficial for the Force and the public of Lincolnshire to put them 12 years of knowledge and experience to good effect.”
Posted here for your convenience is the fullest free eBook list of Mortimer Adler's Great Books of the Western World.
What makes this list more useful than the eBooks @ Adelaide list, from which the bulk of this version comes, is that several of the holes have been filled in by Project Gutenberg, and others by the Internet Archive. Links not provided by eBooks @ Adelaide are italicized. Notably, some links do not lead to eBooks, some of these even to simple Web pages. If an eBook or PDF of the appropriate work becomes available, leave a comment so this list can be updated. However, due to copyright concerns, please do not link to free eBook versions of books still under copyright in the United States.
Homer, ca.800 BC
Aeschylus (525 BC – 456 BC)
Sophocles (c. 496-c. 405 BC)
Euripides (480 or 484-406 BC)
Aristophanes (ca. 446 BC – 385 Bc)
Herodotus, 485–420 BC
Thucydides, ca.460 BC
Plato, c.427–c.347 BC
Aristotle, 384–322 BC
Hippocrates, 460–377 BC
Works (approximation)
Galen, 131–201
Euclid ca.300 BC
Archimedes, c. 287–212 BC
All works listed between On the Sphere and Cylinder and the Book of Lemmas may be found in The Works of Archimedes.
On the Sphere and Cylinder
Measurement of a Circle
On Conoids and Spheroids
On Spirals
On the Equilibrium of Planes
The Sand-Reckoner
The Quadrature of the Parabola
On Floating Bodies
Book of Lemmas
The Method Treating of Mechanical Problems
Apollonius of Perga, 262 BC–ca. 190 BC
Nicomachus of Gerasa
Lucretius, 98?–55 BC
Epictetus, ca. 55–135
Marcus Aurelius, 121–180
Virgil, 70–19 BCE
Plutarch, 46–120
Cornelius Tacitus, ca.56–ca.120 AD
Ptolemy
The Almagest (approximation)
Nicolaus Copernicus, 1473–1543
On the Revolutions of Heavenly Spheres (approximation, and not in ePub)
Johannes Kepler, 1571–1630
Epitome of Copernican Astronomy (Books IV – V)
The Harmonies of the World (Book V)
Plotinus, 205–270
Augustine of Hippo, 354–430
Thomas Aquinas, 1224–1274
Dante, 1265–1321
Geoffrey Chaucer, ca.1343–1400
Niccolò Machiavelli, 1469–1527
Thomas Hobbes, 1588–1679
François Rabelais, 1494?–1553?
Michel de Montaigne, 1533–1592
William Shakespeare, 1564–1616
William Gilbert, 1540-1603
On the Loadstone and Magnetic Bodies
Galileo Galilei, 1564–1642
William Harvey, 1578–1657
On the Motion of the Heart and Blood in Animals / William Harvey
On the Circulation of Blood
On the Generation of Animals
Miguel de Cervantes, 1547–1616
Francis Bacon, 1561–1626
René Descartes, 1596–1650
Benedict de Spinoza, 1632–1677
John Milton, 1608–1674
Blaise Pascal, 1623–1662
Isaac Newton, 1642–1727
Christiaan Huygens, 1629–1693
John Locke, 1632–1704
George Berkeley, 1685–1753
David Hume, 1711–1776
Jonathan Swift, 1667–1745
Laurence Sterne, 1713–1768
Henry Fielding, 1707–1754
Charles de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu
The Spirit of the Laws Volume I and Volume II
Jean–Jacques Rousseau, 1712–1778
Adam Smith, 1723–1790
Edward Gibbon, 1737–1794
Immanuel Kant, 1724–1804
American State Papers
Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, John Jay
John Stuart Mill, 1806–1873
James Boswell, 1740–1795
Antoine Laurent Lavoisier, 1743–1794
Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier
Michael Faraday
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, 1770–1831
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, 1749–1832
Herman Melville, 1819–1891
Charles Darwin, 1809–1882
Karl Marx, 1818–1883
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels
Leo Tolstoy, 1828–1910
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, 1821–1881
William James, 1842–1910
Sigmund Freud (Consider downloading from here)
The Origin and Development of Psycho-Analysis
Selected Papers on Hysteria
The Sexual Enlightenment of Children
The Future Prospects of Psycho-Analytic Therapy
Observations on “Wild” Psycho-Analysis
The Interpretation of Dreams
On Narcissism
Instincts and Their Vicissitudes
Repression
The Unconscious
A General Introduction to Psycho-Analysis
Beyond the Pleasure Principle
Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego
The Ego and the Id
Inhibitions, Symptoms, and Anxiety
Thoughts for the Times on War and Death
Civilization and Its Discontents
New Introductory Lectures on Psycho-Analysis
Second edition
To the pre-20th century books the second edition added the following:
The six volumes of 20th century material consisted of the following:
Advertisements
About the Place
2 Bed / 1 Bath at 56 S 11th St - Unit: 1E in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. All Pets Allowed. Nearby subway stations include: Marcy Av (J, M). Amazing renovated loft on Wythe! Stylish finishes, exposed beams, and all the little details make this apartment a special find. All new stainless steel appliances including dishwaser, with remote control heat/AC units in each room. The building also has an amazing massive shared roof with panoramic city views! Great location one block from the East River Ferry stop and steps to chic Williamsbrg establishments like Marlow and Sons, Diner, Bembe, and more. We can help you find roommates on Nooklyn.
Amenities
High Ceilings
Hardwood floors
Exposed brick
Central A/C
Video Intercom
Stainless Steel Appliances
Dishwasher
Stone countertops
Elevator
Roof access
Skyline view
Interested Roommates
A Reddit user going by the name of P1zzaBagels has been recreating some classic album covers in GTA Online. The people over at Kotaku pointed us towards these works of art.
Above is Mr. Bagels' take on Abbey Road by The Beatles. Here's the original, for comparison's sake:
(Image via Apple Records/EMI)
Our other favorite is a reconstruction of Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon:
You have to love the use of custom painted cars for the rainbow effect.
For images of more albums recreated in GTA Online, including Blondie's Parallel Lines and The Ramones' Ramones, check out Kotaku and P1zzaBagels' thread on Reddit.
RELATED: "Grand Theft Auto Online" Players Use Snapmatic to Recreate Famous Movie Scenes
RELATED: 10 Steps to Ensure Your Survival in "Grand Theft Auto Online"
[via Kotaku, Reddit]
Recently three of my friends resigned from the Faith within a short period of time, all long-term, deepened, dedicated, pioneers. Their resignations hit me hard and even scared me! If it happened to them, maybe it could happen to me too!
All of a sudden I understood why Rúhíyyih Khanum always wanted people to pray for their steadfastness – any of us can lose it so quickly!
They should forgive the sinful, and never despise their low estate, for none knoweth what their own end shall be. How often hath a sinner attained, at the hour of death, to the essence of faith, and, quaffing the immortal draught, hath taken their flight unto the Concourse on high! And how often hath a devout believer, at the hour of their soul's ascension, been so changed as to fall into the nethermost fire! (Baha'u'llah, Gleanings from the Writings of Baha'u'llah, p. 265)
As I always do whenever I don't understand something, I turn to the Writings to find the answers – in this case – why do people resign? Let's take a look at what I discovered!
Some have been the victims of backbiting – which is the leading cause of withdrawal:
If any soul speak ill of an absent one, the only result will clearly be this: they will dampen the zeal of the friends and tend to make them indifferent. For backbiting is divisive, it is the leading cause among the friends of a disposition to withdraw. (‘Abdu'l-Bahá: Selections From The Writings of ‘Abdu'l-Bahá, pp. 230-231)
Some were not educated and deepened after they declared:
It is not enough to bring people into the Faith, one must educate them and deepen their love for it and their knowledge of its teachings, after they declare themselves. As the Bahá'ís are few in number, especially the active teachers, and there is a great deal of work to be done, the education of these new believers is often sadly neglected, and then results are seen such as the resignations you have had recently. (Universal House of Justice, Lights of Guidance, p. 567)
Some needed more help and comradeship than they received:
If some of these isolated and inactive people gradually turn to other work than the Cause we should not always blame them — they probably needed more help, more stimulating more teaching and Bahá'í comradeship that they received. (Shoghi Effendi, Lights of Guidance, p. 84)
Some ceased to go on developing; became complacent, or indifferent, and stopped drawing spiritual strength and vitality from the Cause:
Many of those who drift away from the Cause do so for the reason that they had ceased to go on developing. They became complacent, or indifferent, and consequently ceased to draw the spiritual strength and vitality from the Cause which they should have. (Shoghi Effendi, Lights of Guidance, p. 113)
Some people fail to meet their tests – often which come from each other:
Sometimes, of course, people fail because of a test they just do not meet, and often our severest tests come from each other. Certainly the believers should try to avert such things, and if they happen, remedy them through love. (Shoghi Effendi, Lights of Guidance, p. 113)
Some withdraw to relieve tension and alleviate feelings of enmity that have arisen:
Embarking on an action reminiscent of Their solitary retirement to the mountains of Kurdistan when the unfaithful were shamefully destroying the Cause of God, Bahá'u'lláh, who at this time was residing in the house of Amru'llah, withdrew with Their family to the nearby house of Rida Big which was rented by Their order, and refused to associate with anybody. This was on 10 March 1866. The reason for this withdrawal, which fortunately was of short duration, was similar to that which had motivated Him to retire to Kurdistan a decade earlier: namely, to relieve the tension and alleviate the feelings of enmity which during the course of years had been engendered in the hearts of some by Mírzá Yahyá and were fanned into flame by their latest actions. (Adib Taherzadeh, The Child of the Covenant, p. 120)
Some have busied themselves with the things of this world:
Grieve thou not over those that have busied themselves with the things of this world, and have forgotten the remembrance of God, the Most Great. By Him Who is the Eternal Truth! The day is approaching when the wrathful anger of the Almighty will have taken hold of them. He, verily, is the Omnipotent, the All-Subduing, the Most Powerful. They shall cleanse the earth from the defilement of their corruption, and shall give it for an heritage unto such of Their servants as are nigh unto Him. (Baha'u'llah, Gleanings from the Writings of Baha'u'llah, p. 207)
Some have lost their vision of the Cause, or never had a proper grasp of its implications before entering it:
Just because some people have lost their vision of the Cause, or never had a proper grasp of its implications before entering it, and leave the fold, should not cause undue discouragement. There are bound to be such cases, and although every moral support should be given them, if they still wish to withdraw, they fall off — as you said — like withered leaves from the Tree of the Faith, and do it no real harm. (Shoghi Effendi, The Unfolding Destiny of the British Baha'i Community, p. 448)
Some allows their own ideals and purposes to retain their pre-eminence and leave when they find they cannot pursue them as they wish:
It is not unusual for people to be drawn to the Faith because they see in it the fulfilment of the ideals which are dear to their hearts. But, if a soul truly recognizes Bahá'u'lláh, and their understanding of the teachings deepens, they will gradually see how their own ideals are but facets in the all-embracing Purpose of God, and will be willing to endure all manner of suffering and frustration for the sake of the fulfilment of that divine Purpose. If, however, the believer allows their own ideals and purposes to retain their pre-eminence in their thinking, and they find they cannot pursue them as they wish, it may result in theirs leaving the Faith to pursue them in other ways. This is what would seem to have happened to the friends you speak of. (The Universal House of Justice, 1989 Jun 21, ‘Dialogue', ‘A Modest Proposal' etc)
Some find the bitterness of discord sweet:
In a similar way, thou beholdest some women who have abandoned the Testament, and to them the bitterness of discord is sweet. They keep aloof from the Extended Shadow and dwell under the shade of a “black smoke.” Alas for them and grief for them! They will surely lament and find themselves in loss. Verily, this is but an evident truth! (Abdu'l-Bahá, Tablets of Abdu'l-Bahá v1, p. 130)
Some resign so they can break a law with impunity:
A believer cannot escape administrative expulsion by the ruse of resigning from the Faith in order to break its law with impunity. However, the Assembly should be satisfied that there was indeed such an ulterior motive behind the withdrawal. A believer's record of inactivity and their general attitude to the Faith may well lead the Assembly to conclude that their withdrawal was bona fide . . . and in such a case the withdrawal may be accepted. (Universal House of Justice, NSA USA – Developing Distinctive Baha'i Communities)
Or worse, some have dissimulated their faith so they can break a law:
To deny that one is a Bahá'í while one still believes in Bahá'u'lláh is not withdrawal, it is dissimulation of one's faith, and Bahá'í laws does not countenance the dissimulation of a believer's faith for the purpose of breaking the law. “If a believer who did not like a particular law were to be permitted to leave the community to break the law, and then rejoin with impunity, this would make a mockery of the Law of God… It is abundantly clear from their letters that they have continually believed in Bahá'u'lláh, that they know the law that marriage is conditioned on the consent of parents, that they dissimulated their faith in order to be able to break this law with impunity. They must, therefore, be regarded as a Bahá'í without administrative rights… (Universal House of Justice, Lights of Guidance, p. 57-58)
How do we treat those who have resigned?
We associate with them in joy and fragrance:
In general, however, a person who has withdrawn from the Faith is regarded as being among the generality of humankind with whom the Bahá'ís are enjoined to associate “in joy and fragrance”. (Universal House of Justice, Withdrawal from the Faith, 4 April 2001)
Assemblies dealing with this issue do not to take any overt action other than noting the matter in its records; being cautious about accepting a subsequent declaration until satisfied it has been made in good faith; and that they have taken steps to rectify the action taken in violation of Bahá'í law, which led to their resignation:
Sometimes, after a person's withdrawal from the Cause has been accepted, it becomes evident that their statements were insincere and were made merely in order to evade Bahá'í law. The Assembly need not take any overt action in such a case, but would note the matter in its records. In other words, it would have to be cautious about accepting a subsequent declaration of belief from this individual until satisfied that it is made in good faith. Also, depending upon the circumstances, the Assembly might require them to rectify the action, taken in violation of Bahá'í law, which was the motive for their withdrawing from the Faith. (Universal House of Justice, Withdrawal from the Faith, 4 April 2001)
Is there anything we can do to prevent it?
From the above quotes, we see the following:
Stop backbiting!
Educate new believers and deepen their love for the Faith and their knowledge of its teachings
Give them more help, more stimulation, more teaching and Bahá'í comradeship
Avert problems, and if they happen, remedy them through love
Find ways to relieve tension and alleviate feelings of enmity
Give them moral support
Don't blame them
Fan their faith in Bahá'u'lláh into flame
Don't grieve or feel undue discouragement over those that have busied themselves with the things of this world
Understand that their resignations will do no real harm to the Faith
What are your thoughts on those who resign? Post your comments below!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google
Print
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Well, that didn't take long! Only one day after signing with the Eagles, Alshon Jeffery is already getting familiar with the city Philadelphia. And they have some company with him: Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz. The newest Eagles quarterback-wide receiver connection was spotted at Del Frisco's Steak House in Philadelphia on Friday evening (hat tip BGN Radio's @JohnBarchard).
A post shared by Del Frisco's Philadelphia (@delfriscosphiladelphia) on Mar 11, 2017 at 10:13am PST
The caption reads:
What better way to welcome Alshon Jeffery & Torrey Smith to #philadelphia than to enjoy the best steak in the city?? Thanks for bringing your new teammates in Carson! Welcome to Philly Guys! #goeagles #flyeaglesfly #eaglesnation #delfriscosphiladelphia #delfriscosdoubleeaglesteakhouse #phillyfood #phillyfoodie #phillyfoodforeal #phillyfoodscene #phillyeats #phillygram #phillylife #phillydrinkup #philadelphiaeagles #philadelphiafoodie #philadelphialove #cityofbrotherlylove #steak #followus #followers #cocktails #nfl #football #freeagents #espn
That sure is a lot of #hashtags. And apparently Torrey Smith was there last night too, but he's not in this photo. (So where is he? Did they make them take the picture?)
But back to Carson and Alshon. Pretty cool to see they're already bonding. The two players don't have an extensive history with each other but Jeffery already appears to be a big believer in their new quarterback.
“[Carson] had a lot to do with it,” said Jeffery when asked they signed with the Eagles. “Like I said, the sky's the limit for him. I told them, I texted him, me and them texted back and forth. I told them my job is to help them win an MVP, which I truly believe. The sky is the limit for him. He's a great quarterback.”
Wentz and Jeffery have the potential to be a special duo in the city for a long time. It's great to see they're already forming an off-field relationship.
A lot of questions filled with frustration echoed through the auditorium at Millersport Elementary after developers said the repairs to the Buckeye Lake Dam are not expected to be finished until 2019.
"I'm glad they have a plan, but it's just too long. I just looked at one that says 2019, that's four years!", resident Walter Vernon said.
After several hours and outbursts, the Buckeye Lake community has a better idea what's going to happen at the dam. It's the timeline for a finished project that did not sit well in the meeting.
ODNR and the team hired to redesign Buckeye Lake Dam, Gannett Fleming , showed residents three different concepts to fix it.
"You know there are people out here whose lives have been deeply impacted, and we understand all that and we empathize will that. I wanted to assure them tonight we are doing everything we can to move quickly,” Gannett Fleming Project Manager Robert Kline said.
Governor John Kasich announced earlier this year plants to replace the dam, citing its old age, deterioration and unmet safety requirements.
To help alleviate concern of catastrophe, the Army Corps of Engineers lowered water levels. In turn, that hurt businesses along the water.
"If you own a business out here, you're done. You lost all your savings, everything you've ever worked for is gone,” Vernon said.
Construction on the dam project will start before 2016 at three locations in Buckeye Lake: Liebs Island, Sellers Point, and North Shore.
More than 350 homeowners along the dam will have to tear down docks. Developers said those instructions would be sent out soon with directions on what to do.
Kline also said a six foot chain link fence will go up along the boundary line set by surveyors.
Residents say despite all that, their concerns are about the time frame on this project.
"It's probably going to look nice, safety is going to be taken care of. It's just the timeline,” resident Scott Colangelo said.
Carmen Barbosa teaches a knitting class at a time bank in Washington Heights. Janet Charles
NEW YORK — Carmen Barbosa used to work in a Bronx factory stitching bathrobes designed by Ralph Lauren and Brooks Brothers for $8 an hour. The factory closed five years ago. Now Barbosa teaches a knitting class at a recreation center in Washington Heights on Friday mornings from 10 until noon, for which they receive two time credits per class. They have more than 650 hours logged in their time bank account. Time banks are organizations that treat time as a currency; in place of money, members earn, accumulate and spend time credits. These banks have been around since the 1980s, but they have become more popular since the start of the recession in 2008. There are now more than 300 time banks in the U.S, located everywhere from Appalachia to Oakland, and run by institutions ranging from art galleries to retirement centers to hospitals. Time banking is also flourishing online, with websites attempting to adapt an old-fashioned idea of neighborly favors for a digital generation. “There are a lot of unemployed folks and a lot of need, and if there was ever a time that this makes sense, it would be now,” says Edgar Cahn, a 78-year-old former staffer in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations and the founder of time banking. Barbosa, 75, is a member of the largest time bank in the country, coordinated by the Visiting Nurse Service of New York. Founded in 2006, it now has more than 3,000 members. Time bankers teach classes — current offerings include tai chi, knitting, stress management and calligraphy. They also cook, clean, buy each other groceries, tutor, fix computers, pet-sit and lay tile. No money is ever exchanged. They offer one another their time, measured in hour-long units. All labor is created equal: An hour spent balancing a checkbook is no different than an hour cleaning a toilet. “Everyone's time is worth the same,” says Mashi Blech, the founder and director of the VNSNY time bank. Blech sees time banking as a community-building tool rather than an economic system. More than half of the members of the VNSNY time bank make less than $15,000 a year. Many are elderly, recent immigrants, or have no family nearby. Blech does not worry about maintaining a balanced budget — members can go into debt or accumulate as many time credits as they please. Them primary concern is getting as many people to participate in the time bank as possible. When a man who had both legs amputated joined the time bank, they were expecting just to receive visitors. “But they had a great phone manner,” Blech says, so they were assigned to call members with scheduling changes and birthday wishes. For some members, the time bank offers a functional alternative to money, at least in certain cases. “I'm saving up my hours. You hear stories about people who get old and have no one to take care of them. I don't have to worry. If I ever got sick all I'd have to do is call the time bank,” says Cathy Sadowski, 61, a VNSNY time banker who lives alone in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. One critique of time banking is that it degrades acts of generosity to an IOU. But traditional charity, Blech points out, rarely leads to sustained relationships. Communities don't just enrich lives; they can save them. In their book “Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community,” the political scientist Robert Putnam writes that when a person joins a group, their chance of dying over the next year is cut by half. Barbosa had knee surgery two years ago. They met Maria Aristy, 64, another Washington Heights resident, in knitting class. “The yarn united us,” Aristy says. They stayed with Barbosa overnight when they had to go to the emergency room and escorted them to all of their medical appointments. After Barbosa recovered, they started doing everything together — going to museums, seeing plays. They stopped calling in their hours to Blech and their staff, unable to say for certain who was giving and who was receiving.
The history of time banking
In 1832, philanthropist Robert Owen founded the National Equitable Labour Exchange, which they held at the Royal Bazaar in London. People arrived with homemade goods, which were evaluated based on how long it had taken to produce them. (A 10-hour note is preserved at the British Museum). The Exchange didn't last — there were too many products that no one wanted. Edgar Cahn first conceived of time banking while recovering from a heart attack in the early '80s. “I was lying in a hospital bed and a doctor told me that 60 percent of my heart was destroyed and I could expect to have two hours of each day I could function,” Cahn says. “I thought about what it felt like to be useless and I began saying to myself, ‘How do we put useless people together?'” In 1986, they published a paper through the London School of Economics titled “Service Credit: A New Currency for the Welfare State.” After it came out, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation decided to fund six time banks, scattered across the U.S., and asked Cahn to implement them. One of the grant recipients, a Brooklyn-based organization called Eldercare, hired Mashi Blech to be the program coordinator. It was their first introduction to time banking. Cahn believes that we can use time banking to improve civic engagement and decrease government spending: An elderly person who has someone to lend an arm on an icy walk or check the fine print on prescriptions is less likely to need hospital care. Cahn's projects have received political support from both liberals seeking new tactics for providing social welfare and small-government conservatives (the IRS has ruled that time credits cannot be taxed). “The Thatcher government was very supportive. The Cameron government has been very supportive,” Cahn says. “I've had people come up to me and say, ‘You're a liberal, how did you come up with such a sensible idea?'” Joyce Berry, the Commissioner on Aging under George H. W. Bush, allocated federal funding for service exchange programs. According to Cahn, time banking allows for a more efficient use of our skills: Most people are paid for just one particular kind of labor, even if they've also spent decades practicing a hobby. Ten years of piano lessons doesn't seem like such a waste of time if it can somehow be exchanged for having a document translated. With time, Cahn says, there's no embezzlement, stealing or swindling; small communities are closely policed, lowering the risk of freeloaders. Most large time banks have at least one paid employee –— the VNSNY time bank has seven — but the cost of operating a time bank, Cahn says, can be as low as $1.50 for each hour of service provided. Critics have said that the necessity for paid staffers belies an obvious flaw in time banking — it requires money to sustain itself. But Cahn says their idea was never to create a wholly different economy, but to validate the kinds of people and labor that the monetary economy does not. They are, they say, a cost-efficient way of offering assistance to those who have lost unemployment benefits or have been pushed to the sidelines of the economy. They helped start a time bank for recently released inmates so they could gain professional experience and meet potential references as they looked for stable jobs. “It can significantly soften the impact if developed as a complement to the monetary economy,” Cahn says. “It redefines those persons who the government has decided are unproductive.” There is something old-fashioned about time banking, as Cahn imagines it. They think it's preferable to ask a neighbor for a favor than to pay someone many thousands of miles away. “It works best in small clusters,” Cahn says, and among people who have a pre-established sense of kinship. While old-fashioned, Cahn's idea continues to appeal to members of the digital generation, whose community also comprises a far-flung group of people they communicate with online. Morea Steinhauer, 29, a wedding photographer and photojournalist living in Battery Park, joined the VNSNY time bank when they moved to New York from Minnesota last year. They have taught an 87-year-old woman down the street how to use their first smartphone and cat-sat for another member in the neighborhood, who has since become a good friend. “It's just really nice to meet your neighbors,” they say.
Time banking 2.0
THE long-running saga of Gareth Bale's journey from Spurs to Real Madrid is to be made into a film saga by Peter Jackson.
The director who turned short farmers on a walk into a box office hit has already begun pre-production on the first film, detailing Bale's plucky battle against the tyrannical club that pays them £110,000 a week.
Jackson said: “The trilogy is essentially a race between simple, good-hearted Welshman Bale and feral, once-human Luis Suarez for a massive contract with Real Madrid.
The opening shot pans across the verdant, unspoilt greenery of heavy-manufacturing heartland Cardiff where a poor-but-happy Bale lives in their burrow on a high-rise housing estate.
Flaxen-haired Savage the elf and wise old wizard Giggs the Grey launch our hero on their quest for a mountain of gold. They escape the bitebeast Suarez by tricking them into thinking they have their heart in their hands by doing their trademark goal celebration.
There was some worry with the finance people because, like with Harry Potter, were filming a story before its actually reached its conclusion. But Gareth has assured me the transfer will be completed by July 2015 at the very latest.
Real Madrid, to be depicted as a giant glowing red eye in the heavens, said: Can I just say that theres no need for players to issue come-and-get-me statements through the media.
Were Real fucking Madrid. It doesnt matter what you or your agent or your club or your wife says, if we want you well get you.
The film A Universally Expected Journey, will be released at Christmas, going up against comedy Wengers Millions about a football manager trying to spend a fortune by August 31st.
Advertisement
Image: Beckman Institute, University of Illinois Wash-Away Circuits: An implantable circuit made with modified silk and other materials is programmed to dissolve in the body after a period of time. Click on image to enlarge.
27 September 2012—Researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and Tufts University say they have invented functional electronic implants that can dissolve after programmable time periods. To demonstrate the system, which could aid in healing during the first few crucial days after an operation, they implanted one in a rat. It created a temporary temperature increase to sterilize a wound, and then it dissolved after 15 days. The researchers reported the development this week in the journal Science.
Biomedical researchers are turning to the idea of “programmable degradation” because it is difficult to develop materials that remain compatible with human tissue over the long term. Medical implants or drug-delivery systems that do their work and then disappear are ideal. To develop the electronic implants, the researchers encased them in silk. That material's characteristics, particularly its crystallinity, can be adjusted so that its degradation time can be anywhere from seconds to years.
The electronics inside the silk were based on nanometers-thick sheets or ribbons of silicon, called silicon nanomembranes. The materials have been previously used to make experimental transistors, diodes, complementary logic devices, and photocells for flexible surfaces. Whereas a conventional silicon wafer or a chip would take about a thousand years to dissolve in biofluids, says John A. Rogers, who led the research at the University of Illinois, a nanomembrane is gone in a couple of weeks.
Working with the team at Illinois, Tufts researchers provided expertise on silk and carried out the animal experiments. Analytical modeling was done at Northwestern University in collaboration with Dalian University of Technology, in China, and a University of Arizona clinician identified the heat-therapy application.
Loading the video player...
Video: Beckman Institute, University of Illinois
Drip, Drip: This circuit completely disappears under the persistent drip of water.
While there have been no human trials yet, the component materials of the system are found in implants that have been approved by government regulators for other medical uses, Rogers points out. Silk is approved for sutures, magnesium is used for intravascular stents, and silicon is used for drug-delivery systems. “You have to do trials, because biology is complicated,” Rogers says, “but the materials are not complicated.”
The researchers tested a host of such transient components like inductors, capacitors, resistors, diodes, and transistors. All the components disintegrated and dissolved when immersed in deionized water. The materials and fabrication techniques may be used to make components for electronic systems in complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) logic.
“Here is this toolbox that you can make anything with,” says Christopher J. Bettinger, a biomaterials researcher at Carnegie Mellon University who was not involved in the research, adding that the work was a remarkable feat of integration that neatly combined pieces from several areas. It's also a very flexible system, they say; for example, the silk substrate could be swapped with other biodegradable polymers.
Jeffrey Borenstein, a researcher at the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory in Massachusetts, was also impressed. “As a general demonstration, this is very powerful,” they say. “When it comes to specific applications, you will have to evaluate how each of these materials performs inside the body.”
One challenge ahead could be finding additional ways to power the implants. The first version was powered by RF energy, but RF coils “are just very sensitive to orientation,” Bettinger says, adding that if you have a patient who moves around, it might change the power requirements.
The Illinois researchers, however, might have something in their favor. There is a synergy, Rogers says, between their work and the multibillion-dollar semiconductor industry that isn't immediately obvious. As with conventional CMOS devices, with transient electronics, thinner is better. “I think we will be able to bootstrap off of advances in conventional electronics,” they say.
A Leo Belgicus from 1617, in its standard pose. Pieter van den Keere/Public Domain
Sports teams and political movements alike know: if you want a disparate group to come together, it helps to pick a good mascot. Nearly half a millennium ago, the nation that would one day become the Netherlands went all in on a powerful uniting animal: a geographic lion called the Leo Belgicus.
Halfway through the 16th century, the northern coast of Western Europe—the land we now know as the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg—was in the midst of an identity crisis. The people living there were ready to get out from under the thumb of their ruler, Philip II of Spain, who collected heavy taxes without providing much of anything in return.
But the area went by a number of different names, most of which (“the Low Countries;” “the Seventeen Provinces”) brought to mind vagueness and division, rather than any common purpose. The crown's overlords, who didn't mince words, usually just called the area “De landen van herwaarts over”—“those lands around there.”
In the 1560s, “those lands” began rebelling. In 1581, they renamed themselves the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands. But this was still not quite enough. So in 1583, the cartographer Michaël Eytzinger, sensing the need for an even clearer national identity, took it upon themselves to draw a unified map of this place that had just declared itself.
The first Leo Belgicus, drawn by cartographer Michaël Eytzinger in 1583. Frans Hogenberg/Public Domain
Inspired by the many local coats of arms that featured the creature, they imagined the land in the form of a lion: the city of Groningen on its nose, Luxembourg in its front paw, and the northwest coast all down its back.
As the war waged on, Eytzinger's design—which they called “Leo Belgicus,” or “Netherlandic Lion”—grew in popularity. “The image was soon taken up by other artists who composed an intriguing set of variations,” writes the literary historian Ton Hoenselaars in Borders and Territories.
Many of these variations saw the Leo Belgicus evolving along with the political situation. To mark the Twelve Year's Truce, which began in 1609, the Dutch mapmaker Claes Janszoon Visscher drew a version in which the lion sits peacefully, its sword facing downwards. Two years later, an even less bellicose lion came out, drawn by Jocodus Hondius. This one shows the lion standing on all fours, its tail wrapped around its back legs, wielding no sword at all.
The fearsome Leo Hollandicus, drawn in wartime. Nicolao Iohannis Visscher/Public Domain
After the truce ended, Visscher's son, Nicolao Iohannis, came out with a brand-new version, the Leo Hollandicus, which contains only the province of Holland—at the time the most politically powerful area of the Republic. This time, the lion rears up completely, a sword in its paw, its territories contained safely in its torso and back legs.
In all cases, though, it was a lion through and through, sometimes at the expense of the land's actual shape. “The Leo Belgicus that emerges demonstrably represents not the nation, but an image of the nation,” Hoenselaars writes. It was more important to be leonine than accurate.
A left-facing Leo Belgicus, from 1630. Jodocus Hondius/Public Domain
This set of priorities worked just fine. In 1648, the Low Countries—which by this point was known as the Dutch Republic—won the war, and achieved independence. The lion had proven “an important element in building a common sense of national belonging, [and] in the birth… of a Dutch identity,” writes the historian Alessandro Ricci.
In the centuries since, other rhetorically minded mapmakers have borrowed this trick, portraying their own countries as, say, pigs or eagles (or their enemies as octopuses) in order to prove a point. The most famous example may be Benjamin Franklin's “Join or Die”—a snake-themed political cartoon about the Thirteen Colonies that, according to some experts, also doubles as a map.
Many of these symbols have lost favor over time, but the Netherlands has held fast to their Leo. Today, nearly half a millennium later, there are not one, not two, but three lions clawing the air on the country's coat of arms: a fitting tribute to an animal that once stood in for the whole nation.
----------
To support my artwork, consider subscribing to my To support my artwork, consider subscribing to my Patreon!
Skirtzzz up your place with prints and other goodies!
Shop Skirtzzz.com
Lotsa Love! Skirtzzz up your place with prints and other goodies!Lotsa Love!
Still overwhelmed/ecstatic about getting to meet Arin and Danny at PAX Prime. I had a print of this and managed to get myself over to them before they were shuffled off to their signing. They were incredibly kind and let me linger a bit after their panel to chat a tad, which truly meant a lot! I was probably a horribly awkward little gremlin, and I'm not entirely sure what I said anymore- as it was pretty shocking, let's be honest- but I do recall Arin squealing about how handsome I had made them look, "How did you do that?!" I think I just flailed in response. Poor guy had to come off the stage to give my short-self a hug. I GUESS THAT MEANS They LIKED THIS. THANK GOD.Plus, got the Danny treatment, handshake included- as they leaned over the stage in a very Aladdin-esque sort of way:"What's your name? Alli?."I'll have you know they were dressed as a unicorn at the time. Undoubtedly glorious.Ross was preoccupied with being Shovel knight, and Barry had vanished, but they were there as well, which was awesome! A shame Suzy couldn't make it!
Charities and financial advisers are calling on the government to use the Queen's speech to address the “bubble” of unmanageable debt that households are rapidly accumulating.
Unsecured consumer credit – including credit cards, car loans and payday loans – is this year expected to hit levels not seen since the 2008 financial crash.
There has been concern in the Bank of England that consumer spending is being underpinned by debt, amid comparisons to the run-up to the financial crash. In addition, figures published last week show inflation reached a four-year high in May, meaning shopping is getting increasingly expensive, further intensifying the squeeze on household budgets.
Debt advisers are urging the government to make good on fulfil a promise in the Conservative manifesto to introduce a scheme where those in serious debt are protected by law from further interest, charges and enforcement action for up to six weeks. Many campaigners would like to see this extended further, to up to a year.
“It would be excellent if the government in the Queen's speech committed to helping households who are struggling with debt. It really is one of the great problems of the time that politicians have to grapple with,” said Peter Tutton, head of policy at debt charity StepChange. “We are seeing more and more households struggling just to make basic ends meet – to pay their rent, to pay their council tax, to pay their gas bill. We would like to see the government say, ‘we need to do something about this'.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Peter Tutton of charity StepChange says an increasing number of people are struggling to make ends meet.
The charity estimates that 2.9 million people in the UK are experiencing severe financial debt in the aftermath of the recession. One reason is that many who lost their jobs found new jobs that were less well paid.
Sara Williams, the author of Debt Camel, a blog advising on money problems, said: “The recent large increases in consumer credit ... look alarming to debt advisers – very much like a bubble building up.”
Martyn James, from online complaints service Resolver, said the website had seen a sharp rise in the number of grievances about financial difficulties over the past few months. “There is a large amount of credit out there and a large [number] of people who are trying different types of credit as a way to keep afloat,” they said.
Store cards in particular appeared to be re-emerging as a problem, James added. These cards are often offered with incentives by retailers, such as an introductory discount at point of sale, although interest rates tend to be far higher than on normal credit cards.
“Undoubtedly, there are huge numbers of people relying on credit and we are hearing that many of them are concerned that they will not be able to pay if interest rates go up slightly, or if there is a rise in their mortgage rate. So people are very much up to the line,” they said.
Last week the Bank of England's monetary policy committee left interest rates on hold but it took City analysts by surprise because three of the eight committee members wanted to raise them. Analysts had expected only one member to vote for a rise, which would push up the costs of mortgages and other credit for many borrowers and could lead to further repayment problems.
The Financial Ombudsman Servicecorrect reported last week that complaints about payday loans had risen sharply and were nine times higher than two years ago. It received 10,529 new complaints about these short-term credit products in the 2016-17 financial year. This was a rise from 3,216 complaints during the previous year.
Tutton said that while there was generally more credit available to consumers, the interest rates were not necessarily cheaper. “There is a picture here of a large group of households struggling with their fingers on the edge,” they said. “Credit is becoming more available. Our worry is that if households are already vulnerable, you put those two things together and it creates a different problem.”
The Treasury did not respond to queries about whether the issue will feature in the Queen's speech on Wednesday.
Valve Hires George R.R. Martin to Begin Writing Half-Life 3
SANTE FE, N.M. — A Song of Fire and Ice writer George R.R. Martin was hired by Valve today to help write the story for Half-Life 3, in the hopes of speeding up its release, according to those close to the company.
Martin, already working on The Winds of Winter, five different Game of Thrones spin-off pilot pitches for HBO, an episode of Venture Bros season 7, and consulting on Terry Gilliam's The Man Who Killed Don Quixote, has said they are eager to add Valve's legendary game to their list of unfinished work.
“As a writer, the only thing better than having millions read your work is having them all sit around wondering if they will ever get more,” Martin said on their LiveJournal blog along with an emoji of an alien smiling. “I am happy to welcome the Half-Life community to my legion of anxious fans.”
Read More From Hard Drive, The Only Ethical Gaming Journalism Site on The Internet:
“Of course it's going to take a while; every little detail has to be right. We need to know how the food looks and tastes when Gordon and Alyx eat at various feasts throughout the game or it just won't work,” added Martin.
Gabe Newell, founder of Valve expressed little concern about Martin's work ethic to their employees, according to close sources.
“We're very much looking forward to Martin's dedication,” said a smiling Newell at a Valve company meeting. “Any arbitrary completion date next—Christmas, the Christmas after that, or even 2025—would just restrain him.”
At press time, George R.R. Martin announced that they would also be helping to craft a spin-off coffee table book about the world of Half-Life and Portal from the perspective of a scientist.
Love Sephora coupons and deals? Swagbucks will help you earn cash back for shopping at your favorite store on your next beauty supplies splurge. Trade-in your Swagbucks shopping points for free gift cards or grab exclusive coupon codes to get awesome prices at Sephora.com every day.
Sephora is one of America's favorite one-stop shopping hot spots for cosmetics. The company was founded in Paris in 1969 and has since grown into more than 2500 high-end beauty boutiques across 33 countries. At Sephora, the sales floor is a “stage,” employees are “cast members” and managers are “directors.” And as for the uniforms… well, those are “costumes.” Luxury conglomerate Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, otherwise known as LVMH, took over Sephora in 1997 and each beauty boutique now contains roughly 300 different brands of beauty and body products, as well as those under its own private label. The Sephora.com website welcomes American and Canadian consumers to book a beauty class or makeover. Explore the Beauty Insider community to connect with makeup experts or those in training. Shop by category or discover the perfect gift by gender and price-range, from makeup sets to the right Sephora perfume. Browse the Beauty Bazaar for great prices on lipstick and build up your reward points to earn free shipping and amazing freebies. Add a special Sephora coupon code, or take advantage of the current Sephora promo, during checkout to secure the best budget-friendly beauty bargains.
You'll never have to pay full price at Sephora.com again with Swagbucks. Get cash back just for shopping at Sephora or trade in your Swagbucks points for a free Sephora gift card. With the right Swagbucks coupons and discount codes, you'll have fun saving money on all your favorite brands at Sephora.
Marlene Leung, CTVNews.ca
A B.C. boy opened up a lemonade stand this weekend to help raise funds so that their best friend with cerebral palsy can get an expensive surgery that's not currently available in Canada. The lemonade stand was part of a larger fundraising effort, that's garnered more than $48,000 in donations.
Seven-year-olds Quinn Callander and Brayden Grozdanich have been best buddies since they were kindergarten classmates.
"They are such great friends, when Quinn comes into the room, Brayden squeals," Quinn's mom, Heather Roney, told CTV Vancouver.
Brayden has cerebral palsy, a disorder that affects movement and muscle tone. Every time Brayden grows, their muscles tighten, and simple activities can become very difficult.
Brayden's parents say it's been hard for their son to accept their symptoms.
"He gets very frustrated because he'll try to do something, and he'll get mad at themselves because he'll fall," Brayden's mom, Toni Grozdanich, said. "Like when they get tired, he'll trip a lot easier because their legs just sort of drag behind him."
There's a procedure Brayden can get in New Jersey that can help alleviate some of their suffering, but it's expensive, costing about $15,000, not including travel expenses and ongoing physiotherapy treatments.
Brayden's father, Travis Grozdanich, says the surgery is less invasive than the treatment that's currently available in Canada.
Brayden's parents were prepared to take out a loan to help their son, but that's when Quinn stepped in, thinking they might be able to help.
"After I watched one of (Brayden's) physiotherapy things, and I saw how hard it was for him, I asked my mommy and daddy if I could build a lemonade stand to raise money," they said.
So, together, Quinn and Brayden manned their lemonade stand in Pitt Meadows, B.C., over the weekend.
Decked out in matching blue shirts with a slogan reading "When life hands you lemons… make lemonade," the two sold glasses of the sweet stuff to passersby.
The pair attracted lots of customers, with many generous residents donating $20 bills to the cause.
In addition to the lemonade stand, Quinn's mother has helped create an online fundraising campaign that's already surpassed its $20,000 goal.
On the website, Quinn describes Brayden's cerebral palsy and their surgery, which is scheduled for August. "Please help me raise money to help my friend Brayden, they are a really good guy," they write.
By Monday morning, more than $48,000 had been donated on the site.
All of this generosity has left Brayden's family at a complete loss for words.
"It's just unbelievable," Toni Grozdanich said.
And as for Brayden, the small, blonde-haired boy says he's looking forward to their surgery. "It will help me walk better," they said with excitement.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's Michele Brunoro
I thought the Ball State University (BSU) affair, in which BSU president Jo Ann Gora stated that intelligent design (ID) could not be taught in science classes, had come to a good end. Professor Eric Hedin, who was teaching ID in a science class (and apparently proselytizing for Christianity without presenting any contrary views), was told to deep-six the religious stuff and stick to their science. Gora also proclaimed that ID was not science and was not to be taught as such at their university.
Now, however, the Discovery Institute (DI) has decided it will not go gentle into that good outcome. They have written President Gora a ten-page letter (link here) demanding an investigation of the Hedin affair as well as some structural changes in the university's teaching. The letter is signed by John West, vice-president of the DI, as well as by Joshua Youngkin, DI Program Officer in Public Policy and Law, and Donald McLaughlin, described as a “Ball State University Alumnus and Resident of Indiana Regional Representative Discovery Institute” (whatever that means).
I haven't time to absorb the letter and write about it at length, but there are analyses at the websites of Lady Atheist and Sensuous Curmudgeon, as well as the DI's own announcement, “Discovery Institute demands that Ball State University Investigate class for teaching that “science must destroy religion“. There's also a piece by Seth Slabaugh at the Muncie Star-Press.
A few reactions. The letter begins with a mischaracterization of ID as respectable science:
Your July 31 statement demonstrated why we need free and open discussion on this topic. The statement was not based on what proponents of intelligent design actually believe, but instead clearly relied on stereotypes and misrepresentations from its critics. This is not how free and open inquiry is conducted. Had you investigated more widely, you would have learned that there are many distinguished scientists who believe there is empirical evidence of design and purpose in nature, especially in the disciplines of physics, cosmology, and astronomy. These scientists are not “creationists,” and their scientific views are not derived from the Bible. These scientists include those who accept Darwinian theory in biology but who think there is evidence of design at the level of the universe as a whole.
Of course those scientists are creationists, and the view that their scientific ideas don't derive from the Bible is, as we all know, mendacious: ID supporters are virtually all religious and have confessed both privately and publicly (as in the “Wedge Document“) that their goal is to expel materialism from schools and replace it with Christianity.
The letter then goes on to make a ton of demands on BSU, including prohibiting the criticizing of ID in any class, getting rid of any ethical, moral, or political discussions in science-related courses (here they are conflating discredited ID—religiously based and discredited science— with other forms of “nonscience” discussion), an investigation of the qualifications of other professors teaching “science and society” courses, and an investigation of an Honors seminar taught by Paul Ranieri, an English professor. Ranieri's seminar (Honors 390: “Dangerous Ideas”) uses a book in which several atheists, including me, have essays promoting nonbelief and materialism. This is the course, and I have no idea what the other readings are:
Remember, though, that Hedin's course would have been acceptable to most of us if a). it hadn't been a science course for which students got science credit, and b). if offered as a non0-science course, it presented a balanced view (i.e., a variety of disparate views that students could debate) rather than just a list of religious readings showing that science reflects the hand of God. Honors 390E is not a science course, and there's no evidence that professor Ranieri presents only an atheistic point of view.
We shouldn't forget that ID is not only religion in disguise, but discredited science. Teaching it of course violates the First Amendment, but also promotes bad science, like teaching homeopathy as the sole curriculum in a medical-school course or flat-earthism in a geology course. “Academic freedom” does not give you the right to teach anything you want, even if it's bull-goose loony.
As far as criticizing ID, it should be criticized not because it's religiously based (after all, a religiously-based theory could be right), but because there's no evidence for it, and what evidence there is discredits it. That is, in fact, the main reason why Gora banned ID from science classes.
While the First Amendment provides a legal reason to ban ID from being taught as acceptable science, there are also academic grounds to prohibit its being taught: it's unsound science. When you criticize ID or creationism in public schools, it's not kosher to say it's wrong because it's religious (that's a violation of the First Amendment); you must say, as I do, that it's wrong because there is not a shred of evidence for it. Arguing that if you ban the teaching of ID you must also ban criticism of ID is like saying you can't ban the teaching of young-earth creationism without also banning teaching that the earth is not 6,000 years old—even though the evidence says it's older.
In other words, in science classes you are free to teach good science but are not free to teach bad science, whether religiously based or not.
For a fuller consideration of the issues, I recommend Lady Atheist's post.
Finally, the Discovery Institute issues a threat at the end (read: lawsuit):
We ask for a response to each of the items listed above by no later than the end of business on Monday, September 30, 2013. If you do not respond by that time, we will assume that you do not intend to answer our questions, or otherwise cooperate with our reasonable requests, and that we must therefore seek remedy elsewhere.
I'm not sure if President Gora will respond (I wouldn't if I were she), and I doubt that the Discovery Institute has good grounds to file a lawsuit. To do that, they would have to show that BSU is pushing an atheistic point of view in its courses, something for which there's no evidence. They'd also have to argue that ID isn't religiously based, something that the courts have already contradicted (e.g., Kitzmiller et al. v. Dover et al.), and so its teaching couldn't be prohibited. They'd also have to argue that “academic freedom” allows a professor to teach whatever they or they want, a dicey position given that federal courts have already ruled otherwise. Finally, they'd have to have standing, that is, have a litigant who has been injured by Ball State's current policy. Good luck with that.
The DI is butthurt and squalling like an injured child. Their theories have been rejected by mainstream science, as recognized by President Gora, and so they're trying to prohibit anybody from criticizing those theories.
I don't understand why beauty companies charge unreasonably high prices for hand, foot and body scrubs. They are so easy and affordable to make in the comfort of your own home. I bet you already have most of the ingredients in your kitchen. This little beauty is perfect to pamper yourself with on a lazy Sunday.
Benefits
Sea salt softens the skin and is a natural antiseptic. It's perfect for removing dead skin cells without stripping away too much natural oil.
Coconut oil hydrates, cleanses and moisturises your skin. It can also reduce the symptoms associated with eczema and psoriasis.
Lemon juice is a natural exfoliant, it may lighten the skin and is good for moisturising and toning oily skin.
Ingredients
2 Tablespoons of Lemon Juice
3 Tablespoons of Coconut Oil
3/4 Cup of Salt (Fine Ground)
1 Tablespoon of Rock Salt (Optional)
Steps
Mix coconut oil, lemon juice and salt together.
Scoop mixture with your hands and massage in light circular motions.
Wash in warm water and pat dry.
Store in a clean air tight container.
Note: Be careful if you use this in the shower! The coconut oil may leave your tub a little slippery.
Let's get social | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | Pinterest
DIY Salted Coconut Hand Scrub was last modified: by
Like this: Like Loading...
The days of furthering a kid's athletic career by telling them to go play outside are ancient history.
Today, sports is big business, and moms and dads act accordingly. There are travel teams for their kids to play on, club memberships, clinics, individual coaching, expensive equipment.
Parents are spending thousands of dollars a year — just the travel expenses for youth sports is $7 billion a year, according to a recent report from CNBC — on kids' sports careers.
But that investment may be misguided, according to a new study from Utah State University's Families in Sport Lab. Researchers have found that the more parents spend on youth sports, the more likely their kids are to lose interest. There's nothing worse than a sullen 11-year-old goalie.
“The more money folks are investing, the higher pressure kids are perceiving,” says Travis Dorsch, an assistant professor in Utah State's department of family, consumer and human development. “More pressure means less enjoyment. As kids enjoy sports less, their motivation goes down. (So) the indirect effect is, yes, spending more money and less motivation.”
Parents justify their financial outlay by saying they're increasing the child's chances for a college scholarship or, down the line, a lucrative professional career. But a look at the numbers shows they may be deluding themselves.
According to the National Collegiate Athletic Association, only about 2 percent of high school athletes receive athletic scholarships to college. Even fewer move on to the professional ranks. For example, just 11.6 percent of college baseball players go on to minor or major leagues.
The figures for athletes in other sports are even smaller: 1.7 percent of participants in football make the pros, 1.2 percent in men's basketball and 0.9 percent in women's basketball.
Further, the amount of scholarship money awarded is less than one might imagine. A 2008 analysis by The New York Times found the typical athletic scholarship valued at $10,409. Yes, $10,000 is something. But the College Board reports that the cost of an in-state public college education for the 2013-2014 academic year averaged $22,826.
The Utah State study involved 163 families. Parents were surveyed on family demographic variables, gross household income and investment levels in youth sports participation.
The kids were asked about parental pressure, their own enjoyment and their plans to future participation. The results indicated that the more money parents invest, the more pressure the kids perceive.
The problem, Dorsch believes, is in the system. Youth sports in U.S. are not set up for participation's sake or fitness or — gasp — fun, but to transform a young athlete into the best, to make that elite team, to reach the top of the pyramid.
“Why do we do this whole youth sport industry thing in general?” they ask. “I think it's to help kids acquire life skills and have fun. If the goal is to get them to participate longer — the dropout rates peak at 11, 12, 13 years old, unfortunately — we want them to be motivated and enjoy the experience. We should not do things that pressure them out of sport.”
A better parental approach would help, they say.
“If you miss a game,and your kid comes home, what's the first question most parents ask? ‘Did you win?' That's always first. And that's implicitly what the child is perceiving,” Dorsch says.
“If we can teach parents to ask, ‘Did you have fun?' ‘What did you learn?' ‘Are you excited about next time?' and make statements like, ‘I love watching you play,' those things go a long way in creating motivation in our children.”
Besides which, all that money parents are spending might be better invested in a college savings fund.
First Lady Michelle Obama Thursday suggested Republicans are engaged in rampant lying as they debate the issues with President Obama.
“People have to stay focused on what's going on, because it's easy to get confused in all the back and forth that goes on, and there's a whole lot of not-truth telling going on, if you know what I mean,” Michelle said during a radio appearance on the The Tom Joyner Show.
Mrs. Obama also charged that voter suppression during the 2012 election was widespread.
Michelle said Republicans sought to win the election by spending “unprecedented amounts of money,” running negative advertising, and committing voter suppression.
“Voter suppression was in full force in so many states all over this country,” Mrs. Obama said.
The suggestion that Obama's opponents are liars picks right up where the Obama campaign left off. Following Obama's defeat in the first presidential debate, the Obama campaign branded Gov. Mitt Romney a liar and made the allegation a central part of its campaign.
Meanwhile, Democrats, including Attorney General Eric Holder, made alleged voter suppression a major issue the campaign.
Michelle's comments suggest that, with the election over, they may be less concerned about their image, which was remade after the 2008 campaign from that of a harder edged woman who said they hadn't been proud of their country into an embraceable first lady who cares deeply about veterans and kids' waist lines.
Michelle warned Joyner's African American listeners that they can't “go back to sleep,” saying four years is “not a lot of time” to act on priorities like the environment, comprehensive immigration reform, and education.
“We are nowhere near finished,” they said.
You can listen to Michelle's interview by clicking here.
H/t to Breitbart.
In Burmese, classifiers or measure words, in the form of particles, are used when counting or measuring nouns. They immediately follow the number, unless the number is a round number (ends in a zero), in which case, the measure word precedes the number. Nouns to which the classifiers refer to can be omitted if the context allows, because many classifiers have implicit meanings.
The only exceptions to this rule are measurements of time or age (minutes, hours, days, years, etc.), where a preceding noun is not required, as the time measurement acts as a measure word.
Classifiers [ edit ]
See IPA/Burmese for an explanation of the phonetic symbols used in this section.
Burmese IPA Transliteration Main usage People and animals ကောင် [kàuɴ] kaung animals ပါး [pá] pa sacred persons (such as Buddhist monks and nuns) ယောက် [jauʔ] yauk persons (general classifier) ရှဉ်း [ʃíɴ] shin pairs of draught cattle ဦး [ʔú] u people, monks and nuns Other measure words ကုံး [kóuɴ] koun garlands, necklaces, stringed items ကျိုက် [tɕaiʔ] kyaik draughts gulped down ကျိပ် [tɕeiʔ] kyeik items in 'tens' ခါ [kʰà] kha number of times ခု [kʰṵ] khu items (general classifier) ခက် [kʰɛʔ] khet branches, sprays of flowers ခင် [kʰìɴ] khin skeins of wool or cotton ခေါင်း [kʰáuɴ] khaung skeins of yarn ခိုင် [kʰàiɴ] khaing bunches of flowers, fruits ခေါက် [kʰauʔ] khauk trips ခွေ [kʰwè] khway rings, coils ခွန်း [kʰúɴ] khun words ချီ [tɕʰì] chi performances or shows ချိုး [dʑó] cho components of a ratio ချက် [tɕʰɛʔ] chet strokes, blows, hits, points
strokes of clocks, drums, gongs, etc. ချောင်း [tɕʰáuɴ] chaung thin, long items (like pencils, sticks) ချပ် [tɕʰaʔ] chat flat items (like tables) ခြည် [tɕʰì] chi rings, bangles စီး [sí] si vehicles and transport animals စည်း [sí] si bundles စင်း [síɴ] sin long-shaped items (like arrows, boats, cars) စောင် [sàuɴ] saung literary pieces, documents, letters, etc. စုံ [sòuɴ] soun sets or pairs ဆ [sʰa̰] hsa number of times per equal amount ဆူ [sʰù] hsu sacred objects and parabaik (Pali manuscripts) ဆောင် [sʰàuɴ] hsaung buildings (like houses, monasteries and royal buildings) ဆိုင်း [sʰáiɴ] hsaing work shifts, work gangs, packets of gold foil တန် [tàɴ] tan different legs of a journey, component parts of abstract concepts တန့် [ta̰ɴ] tan bars, stripes, etc. တုတ် [touʔ] touk carcasses of hares တွဲ [twɛ́] twe items in pairs, bunches or clusters တွက် [twɛʔ] twet snapping of fingers ထပ် [tʰaʔ] htat layers, strata, storeys of buildings, etc. ထမ်း [tʰáɴ] htan loads carried with a shoulder pole (yoke) ထောက် [tʰauʔ] htauk stages of a journey, width of a point or tip of something ထည် [tʰɛ̀] hte articles of clothing ထုပ် [tʰouʔ] htout packages ထုံး [tʰóuɴ] htoun knots, coils, etc. ထွာ [tʰwà] htwa number of hand spans ထွေ [tʰwè] htwei varied items; melds of playing cards နပ် [naʔ] nat meals ပါး [pá] pa sacred persons or objects (such as Buddhist monks) ပေါ [pɔ́] paw bundles of seedlings ပေါက် [pauʔ] pauk dots or drops ပိုင် [pàiɴ] paing monk's robe; piece of silk used as headdress ပိုင်း [páiɴ] paing part or division of something ပတ် [paʔ] pat weeks ပင် [pìɴ] pin tall upright things (trees, plants, poles, etc.); long strands (hair, thread, etc.). ပိုဒ် [paiʔ] paik paragraphs ပုဒ် [pouʔ] poud pieces of writing (such as articles,verse, songs, etc.) ပုံ [pòuɴ] poun piles of material ပျစ် [pjiʔ] pyit mats of palm thatching ပြူး [pjú] pyu items in twos or pairs. ပြိုက် [pjaiʔ] pyaik frequency of rain and snow ပြင် [pjìɴ] pyin doctrines, concepts, dictums, etc. ပြာ [pjàɴ] pyan number of times ပွဲ [pwɛ́] pwe dishes; offertories ဖီး [pʰí] hpi hands of bananas or plantains ဖောင် [pʰàuɴ] hpaung height or depth equal to the height of a person standing with upraised hands (i.e. from the soles of their feet to the tips of their upraised hands) ဖုံ [pʰòuɴ] hpoun things in heaps, batches or packs ဖန် [pʰàɴ] hpan denotes frequency ဖြာ [pʰjà] hpya denotes variety, diversity ဖွာ [pʰwà] hpwa number of puffs (from cigarettes, etc.) မည် [mjì] myi ingredients of a drug; kinds of dishes served မြူ [mjù] myu pots of toddy wine မျက် [mjeʔ] myet bundles of loops in a skein of cotton မှုတ် [m̥ouʔ] hmout number of scoops with a dipper or ladle မြွှာ [m̥wà] hmwa segments of fruit (such as cloves of garlic); parts of a multiparous birth (such as twins) မြှောင့် [m̥ja̰uɴ] hmyaung longitudinally divided segments (such as cloves of garlic) ယာ [jà] ya betel quids ယှက် [ʃɛʔ] shek thin slices of food (such as pancake, waffle, etc.) ရန် [jàɴ] yan objects in pairs ရပ် [jaʔ] yat itemisation; expressing things in terms of a man's height ရေး [jé] yei stretches of sleep ရေစီး [jè zí] yei zi leaves in a parabaik (Pali manuscripts) ရိုက် [jaiʔ] yaik lengths measured with a bamboo pole ရစ် [jiʔ] yit instalments, stages, chevrons, stripes, etc. ရွက် [jwɛʔ] ywet counting sheets လား [lá] la races in a contest consisting of a series of cart or boat races လီ [lì] li multiples, frequencies လေး [lé] lei used in connection with multiples or in replicate, parts of a ratio လော [lɔ́] law number of times လက် [lɛʔ] lek elongated items; turns in the game of dice လုတ် [louʔ] lout mouthfuls of food လုံး [lóuɴ] loun round, globular things လှိုင်း [l̥áiɴ] hlaing sheaves of paddy လွှာ [l̥wà] hlwa layers, strata, etc. ဝါး [wá] wa handsbreadth သား [θá] tha number of ticals or fractions of a tical or viss သုတ် [θouʔ] thouk movements in groups or operations in shifts သွယ် [θwɛ̀] thwe long, sinuous things (such as strands of pearls, garlands of flowers); paths, ways, methods, means, etc.
“A bigoted ban on Muslims will not keep US safer,” Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said in a post in their Twitter account on Tuesday.
“Instead of policies empowering extremists, the US should join the real fight against them,” they went on to say.
The Iranian foreign minister's remarks came after the US Supreme Court decided to partially reinstate President Trump's travel ban on refugees and people from six Muslim countries, including Iran.
In a Tuesday joint press conference with their German counterpart in Berlin, Zarif had noted that “it's regrettable that the citizens of the countries on the list have never participated in any act of terrorism against the United States and yet they are punished for acts of terrorism that have been committed by citizens of other countries who are not on the list.”
“We always believed that the Muslim ban that President Trump imposed soon after assuming office had no basis in facts and it would not help fight terrorism,” they added.
The top Iranian diplomat criticized the move as a “misplaced and misguided policy” and emphasized that it “would be the greatest gift to extremist groups who would use it as a rallying cry to attract new followers.”
“It is regrettable that the Supreme Court decided to overrule the decisions of the previous courts or at least consider overruling them, if you want to be more exact,” Zarif said, according to Press TV.
They said the Supreme Court's decision would fail to increase anybody's security.
“It is not a call for putting anybody else on the list, but it's just the problem that for some terrorism and support for terrorism is measured by the amount of money they spend on buying arms from the US and not by actually being involved in acts of terrorism,” the Iranian foreign minister pointed out.
Within the last month the American River Conservancy (ARC) have donated 3,347 acres of land to the Tahoe National Forest, who made it part of the Granite Chief Wilderness, located west of Lake Tahoe.
Designated as a wilderness area in 1984 to protect its natural beauty, the Granite Chief Wilderness encompasses glacier carved valleys, red fir forests, granite formations, and pristine mountain meadows. The area is served by a substantial trail system used by both hikers and horse riders.
Two years ago ‘The Wilderness Campaign' raised $10m in order to acquire the 10,115 acres of land, and another $800k to decommission old logging roads and restore native trout streams. Just last summer, 26 miles of old logging roads were destroyed, as well as 57 culverts and 2 bridges, in order to restore mountain meadows and native trout streams. The ‘footprint of man' was removed from the entire 3,347 acres. Eight months later the slopes of all logging roads had been restored to natural gradients, small conifer seedlings had sprouted, and ARC expects these areas will be indistinguishable from adjoining forest within 7-8 years.
This restoration work allowed the Tahoe National Forest to declare this landscape wilderness-eligible, accept title and append these 3,347 acres to the Granite Chief Wilderness, all within two years of ARC's acquisition.
Much of the land within the Tahoe National Forest is privately owned. As an incentive to build the railroad, Central Pacific Railroad received every other section of land on either side of the railroad. This resulted in an unusual ownership pattern, looking much like a checkerboard. Over the years, in an effort to consolidate National Forest as well as to acquire land rich in wildlife, recreation, and watershed values, the Forest Service has had an active land exchange/acquisition program.
ARC still retains the other 6,800 acres of forested land, and embarked on a three-year restoration project to gently thin the rest of this forest from below. They removed small trees and other ladder fuels to increase fire resiliency, aid the retention of old growth trees, and protect native trout streams, mountain meadows and wildlife species diversity. Miraculously, these 6,800 acres of forest were left unscathed by the major fires of the previous few years.
Already, this project has preserved an iconic part of the Sierra Nevada which is prime habitat for black bear, American marten, goshawk, song birds, native trout and spectacular mountain meadows filled with sierra lily, columbine, giant mountain larkspur and legions of butterflies.
Since 1989, the ARC have been preserving rivers and land for life. As a non-profit community organization in the central Sierra Nevada foothills, they work to preserve natural areas and cultural resources and build an enduring ethic of care, building a sustainable future for humans in harmony with nature.
Alright guys, Vilya here! Sorry for being a day late, it was my turn to write the blog post yesterday but honestly it was a really long day, and it totally slipped my mind. But hey! The good news is I spent the time working on Temple of Seasons rooms for Arcade Mode instead..! :D
In case you missed it, we've updated the frontline beta with multiplayer support for the Temple of Seasons! That means it's time to dive into the dungeon with all your friends and hunt those bugs down!
Anyways, Fred has gone to Germany this week, where he's busy making video reels with animations to show our beloved sound designers. So, instead of their fancy work you'll have to make do with some of my desert WIPs:
A mysterious desert house!
WIP of a bridge.. :)
A couple more versions of the bridge!
Making a huge tree that's been dead for quite some time!
…But now it's coming back alive, thanks to you… If you complete a certain quest, that is ;)
WIP of the entry to the next area
The part with the house, all decorated and done!
The part with the town wall, all decorated and done. Beyond this point you'll find a small town… But it's kinda hard to get there with that bridge all broken, isn't it? Guess you'll have to fix it somehow, or find another way to get there..
I know a lot of you have been curious for stuff Teddy does as well, but this week, I wouldn't ask for it if I were you! You see, it's that time of the year where companies need to start handing in tax reports and annual records of what their company has been up to, so it's all paper work and no fun! :(
However, he's also getting started on implementing more floors for Arcade Mode, so we'll get into that soon enough…!
Thanks for looking, and for the comments you leave every week! Hope you enjoy <3
When it comes to Aaron Rodgers, Colin Cowherd needs to get a new playbook.
Whether he's been on ESPN or Fox Sports, Cowherd has been constant and consistent in their knocking of the Packers quarterback. It's also gotten old and lame.
MORE: NFL's most overrated teams for 2016
Their latest rip of Rodgers, on Tuesday afternoon, was sparked by Pro Football Focus ranking Green Bay's roster No. 2 to only New England in 2016.
"They have the second-best roster in the league, one of the most stable front offices, one of the best GMs — eight years, one playoff run, no criticism," Cowherd said, before criticizing Rodgers again.
Rodgers struggled through a tough 2015 season, and did get heat for it, by the way, by many in the media, despite the fact major personnel and coaching issues had much more to do with it.
PFF is projecting to '16, and also pointed out why the Packers were so poor around Rodgers in '15: "Green Bay will be carried by its offense, and it should look significantly better than it did last season when injuries took a deep bite out of the roster."
MORE: Packers have a good problem at WR
Cowherd continued by tying Rodgers' overrated-ness to the weakness of the NFC North, which is ludicrious. First, it has no bearing on what Rodgers has done in the playoffs, which is won eight times over eight years and carry Green Bay to a ring in Super Bowl XLV.
The Packers were a wild card after that 2010 season before reeling off four straight titles in a divsion that's produced two NFC playoff teams in six of the past seven years. They have had a real challenge from either the Bears, Lions or Vikings in every season since '09. So, yeah, Rodgers just leading their team to the playoffs every season, fighting some key injuries along the way, is impressive.
The zinger was Cowherd comparing Rodgers' resume to that QB who has taken Dallas to only four playoff berths and two playoff wins over nine seasons.
MORE: Who to blame for the Packers' playoff loss
"Tony Romo, of the Dallas Cowboys, has 25 fourth-quarterback comebacks," Cowherd said. "Rodgers has 10."
Although it is true Romo is much more "clutch" than public perception, note that Rodgers is the more efficient passer when trailing in games (97.4 to 95.5) and right there with Romo (100.6 to 102.7) in the fourth quarter. The Cowboys also have trailed late in a lot more games than the Packers, thanks to Rodgers putting away many of their wins early.
Rodgers has become a cottage industry of contrarianism for Cowherd for more than five years running. He's compared Rodgers to Peyton Manning as a regular-season star who doesn't get it done in the playoffs. He's made it clear several times Rodgers isn't as good as Tom Brady. Last year, they declared Cam Newton as their preferred QB over Rodgers in a one-game must-win situation.
MORE: Must-watch games in 2016
Along those lines in questioning Rodgers' place among the game's other elite QBs, "He isn't a great leader" and "He's hard to get along with" have been part of Cowherd's refrain. "Moody" was the latest adjective added to that narrative.
It's sports talk television/radio, and it's June. When in need of stirring up an NFL topic, Rodgers always has been Cowherd's go-to guy. Throwing more errant passes in the same direction only improves Cowherd's inaccuracy.
Image caption Mr Xi was formally named president of China in March, replacing Hu Jintao
The US and Chinese presidents will hold their first summit in California in June, both sides have announced.
Barack Obama and Xi Jinping will meet from 7-8 June at an estate in Rancho Mirage, a US statement said.
Topics on the agenda are likely to include North Korea, cyber espionage, tensions in the South China Sea and Syria.
The meeting will be the first between the two since Mr Xi was named president of China in March.
Mr Xi, 61, made their first visit as president to Russia, followed by three African nations. They have visited the US in the past, and spent time there as a young man.
The two men would hold "in-depth discussions on a wide range of bilateral, regional and global issues", the White House said.
"They will review progress and challenges in US-China relations over the past four years and discuss ways to enhance co-operation, while constructively managing our differences, in the years ahead."
A statement on the website of China's foreign ministry from spokesperson Qin Gang said the two men would have an extensive exchange of views.
"It is believed that this meeting is important to the long-term, sound and steady development of China-US relations, as well as regional and international peace, stability and prosperity," it said.
US National Security Advisor Thomas Donilon is to visit China in late May to prepare for the meeting.
Neither side gave details of topics to be discussed. But the tensions with North Korea in the wake of its third nuclear test on 12 February are likely to be on the agenda, as will Syria - an issue upon which the US is seeking China's support for tougher measures.
Rumbling tensions in both the East China and South China Seas - where China has overlapping territorial claims with multiple nations - are also likely to come up, as is the issue of cyber espionage, a subject upon which the US has become increasingly vocal in recent months.
Hundreds of secular Israelis and Reform Jews demonstrate in Jerusalem against what they call ultra-Orthodox Jewish religious oppression in regard to gender-segregated buses in certain conservative areas of Jerusalem, March 13, 2010. (photo by Getty Images/Gali Tibbon)
Reform Judaism grows in Israel
Author: Nurit Canetti
Posted Eylül 17, 2015
On the eve of Rosh Hashanah, members of the Or Hadash congregation in Haifa gathered for a festive prayer service. In contrast to Orthodox synagogues, where there is total separation between men and women, the 60 families in this community all sit together. This unity is one of the most plainly evident differences between Reform and Orthodox synagogues in Israel. Another difference lies in religious leadership. Prayer at Or Hadash is led by Rabbi Oshrat Morag, a woman (something unheard of among the Orthodox); the evening included their sermon and explanation of the service in which all members participated.
“I hear from people that at synagogue services they don't know why everything is done, when you stand and when you sit. We explain it to them. We want them to feel at home from a religious and communal standpoint,” Morag told Al-Monitor.
The word “community” is characteristic of the discourse of Reform Judaism. Its people use it to describe their attempt to form groups of members that are engaged, inclusive and active in Jewish culture and tradition.
Morag has had first-hand experience of the tension in Israel between Orthodox and liberal Judaism. “When people ask me what I do for work, I no longer tell them. In my experience it leads to fights and arguments. When I responded honestly and said I was a Reform rabbi, some people have said, 'Hmm, interesting,' but more than a few have said 'You're heretics' or 'You're a woman and you're not allowed to touch the Torah scroll' or similar statements. I felt that it stems from some kind of brainwashing and unfamiliarity with Reform Judaism.”
Although the Reform community in Israel is growing and flourishing, these reactions are far from dwindling. Just the opposite. Perhaps because of the public's increased exposure to progressive Judaism, some responses have become quite harsh. For instance, only recently the Religious Services Minister David Azoulay of the ultra-Orthodox Shas Party, said, “I cannot allow myself to say that [a Reform Jew] is Jewish.” Their July 7 words caused such an uproar, mostly among the large Reform community in the United States, that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu publicly renounced the statement.
Neither could the Israeli Reform community move on from that statement. “This is a continued campaign of incitement on the part of the rabbinic establishment and the religious parties,” Rabbi Gilad Kariv, the executive director of the Israel Movement for Reform and Progressive Judaism, told Al-Monitor. “I felt anger and revulsion. We are sick of our representatives, whose salaries are paid by our taxes, feeling free to speak in this way.”
In Haifa, with the help of the Haifa-Boston Connection — an initiative for joint activities by the communities of the two cities — the community members held a happening for Tu Be-Av (the Jewish Valentine's Day, which falls in August) for all streams of Judaism to show that “Everyone is Jewish and there are no divisions among us,” said Morag. “Secular, Orthodox, conservative and Reform representatives participated, and taught the same texts in joint learning circles. We celebrated the holiday of love among ourselves as a direct response to the words of the minister of religious services.”
Azoulay's statement regarding Reform Jews isn't exceptional in the political landscape. The day after they spoke out, the chairperson of the Knesset Finance Committee, Moshe Gafni of ultra-Orthodox Yahadut HaTorah, said that while the Reform Jews are Jews, they “stab the Torah in the back.” Veteran members of the Reform movement remember that former Israeli President Moshe Katzav once adamantly refused to utter the title “rabbi” when a senior representative visited the presidential residence during a 2006 trip to Israel.
“These people betray Judaism,” bristled Zvia Walden, daughter of former Israeli President Shimon Peres and a longtime member of the progressive Beit Daniel congregation in Tel-Aviv. Quoting a line from Habakkuk 2:4 often employed to express tolerance, they told Al-Monitor, “It says, ‘The righteous shall live by their faith.' Judaism is not a religion that stops but one that progresses. There's no one Judaism, and therefore not one spirit. For some people Judaism is only Jewish law, and it's their right to believe so, but they shouldn't exclude me.”
Reform Judaism has no threatening elements — except for those who find its inclusion nature threatening — and it has been flourishing even in traditionally secular strongholds. Thus, for instance, at Kibbutz Beit Hashita in the Harod Valley, a non-Orthodox congregation was established with the participation of the Reform movement through the initiative of Yaakov Yunish, formerly the kibbutz secretary and secretary-general of the kibbutz movement.
“I'm not certain whether I believe,” they told Al-Monitor. “I'm a spiritual person who loves the land of Israel. My connection to the movement comes from a connection to Jewish culture and tradition and love of Bible stories.”
With the move to expand kibbutzim and allow nonmembers to live there in adjunct neighborhoods, Yunish felt the need to strengthen the balance between the individual and “togetherness” and to find ways to connect veteran and new residents. “We passed the establishment of the congregation as a decision of the kibbutz directorate. A hundred members signed on, and together with our rabbi, Tlalit Shavit, we're creating joint content. Our activities take place in the common space of the kibbutz, and out of 1,000 kibbutz members, about 100 have become involved in the congregation.”
There has also been opposition to the Reform movement on the kibbutz. When Yunish turned to a neighboring community in an attempt to expand the congregation, there were “serious tensions." They said, "There were some who wanted to join, but there were some who were really opposed to it and angry that we're bringing on a female rabbi. So we gave up. We didn't want to start a war over it.”
Despite the negative reactions, members of the Reform movement are pleased at the growth and exposure of the movement in Israel. According to Kariv, about 50 Reform synagogues and congregations are active in Israel — double the number from seven years ago. “Every year new congregations get started here. We have a network of educational institutions — 60 preschools and eight elementary schools affiliated with the movement.”
A survey conducted by the Knesset Channel following the statement of the minister of religious services found that 12% of Israelis define themselves as Reform or Conservative. According to Kariv, “Reform Jews in Israel are progressive and liberal people with a clear democratic identity and with a connection to Jewish culture and tradition. We are experiencing significant growth in activity. Every third Israeli has participated in an event led by a Reform rabbi. Maybe we're not the most significant stream of Judaism in Israel, but we are certainly not a marginal phenomenon.”
Under fire, Oakland officials scrap pot residency requirement
Cannabis leaves at an Oakland business on Sept. 19, 2016 in Oakland. Cannabis leaves at an Oakland business on Sept. 19, 2016 in Oakland. Photo: Santiago Mejia, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Santiago Mejia, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Under fire, Oakland officials scrap pot residency requirement 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Oakland lawmakers Tuesday withdrew a legally questionable component of their newly minted cannabis ordinances that would have largely barred non-city residents from opening a pot business there. The latest revisions — an effort by City Council members to contain the fallout from their attempt to put Oakland residents ahead of outsiders — mean the implementation of the laws will be delayed by several weeks.
The residency condition would have blocked anyone from the city's expected cannabis bonanza who hasn't lived in Oakland for at least three years. It was an eleventh-hour addition two weeks ago to a batch of laws meant to leverage the marijuana permitting process as a way to help the people whose drug use has been heavily policed in recent decades — believed to be a first-in-the-nation form of reparations.
But details within the legislation — the first iteration of which was drafted in May — have prompted heated debates within the council over how to best create racial equity in the industry. Council President Larry Reid called it “one of the ugliest processes I've gone through.”
The laws give a head start to so-called equity applicants — people who were either convicted of a cannabis-related offense in Oakland in the last two decades, or people who live in neighborhoods that have historically seen high numbers of pot arrests. For the latter group, applicants can qualify only if they make less than 80 percent of the city's median income.
At least half of the initial cannabis permits the city plans to issue will go to equity applicants under the ordinances.
At their last meeting, as City Council members sought to overhaul the legislation, one clause added by Councilman Noel Gallo quickly aroused questions of legality. The proviso would have required that non-equity applicants be city residents.
A mass of public speakers at the Tuesday council meeting aimed to make the case that allowing general applicants to be from outside the city would hurt the equity program. Their efforts were ultimately futile, when all but council members Reid and Desley Brooks voted to overturn the residency rule.
“The residency requirement is patently, blatantly unconstitutional,” said Rob Selna, an Oakland attorney advising equity and general cannabis applicants. “As a lawyer, you hear that they're going to exclude businesses owned by non-residents — it just hits you in the gut as illegal.”
State Assemblyman Rob Bonta, D-Oakland, agreed.
“The mission and goals are right,” Bonta said. “Maximum equity — that's spot on. Those who were the victims of the war on drugs and drug policy should be able to benefit now. But as you chart a course to get there, you need to be compliant with the Constitution and all state and local laws.”
It's not the first time the legality of an element in the city's equity cannabis laws has been challenged.
Last year, council members Gallo, Brooks and Reid sought to compel cannabis business to hand over one-quarter of their ownership and at least one seat on their board of directors to the city in exchange for an operating permit. Bonta was among those who cried foul, and the idea was eventually scrapped.
The amended ordinances will have to be approved at the next City Council meeting before going into effect.
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kveklerov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kveklerov
By GILLIAN RICH, INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY
Commercial drone testing is expanding, and AeroVironment's (NASDAQ:AVAV) fourth-quarter results are seen benefiting from the new regulations in the industry.
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters are expecting AeroVironment to post EPS of 22 cents vs. a loss of 32 cents in the year-ago quarter when it reports Tuesday. Revenue is seen rising 28.7% to $69.6 million.
Shares fell 1.5% to 31.43 in the stock market Monday.
Last month, AeroVironment's Puma AE drone became the first unmanned aircraft system to provide commercial service over America, flying over BP's (NYSE:BP) land operations in Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, after receiving approval from the Federal Aviation Administration.
“These surveys on Alaska's North Slope are another important step toward broader commercial use of unmanned aircraft,” Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a news release.
The FAA has until September 2015 to demonstrate how drones could fly safely with commercial and military planes in national airspace. But the process has been slow. The FAA has issued only two approvals for commercial purposes and doesn't expect full drone integration until the end of the decade.
So no Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) drones delivering books or clothes soon, but other commercial and tech firms are eyeing the technology. In April, Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) bought Titan Aerospace for its high-altitude, solar-powered drones.
Drones are shaping up to be a multibillion-dollar industry.
According to a new study by Teal Group, worldwide UAV spending is expected to double over the next 10 years from $5.3 billion to $11.6 billion annually.
“The UAV market is evolving; it is becoming an increasingly international market as it grows,” said Philip Finnegan, Teal Group's director of corporate analysis and an author of the study. “UAVs have proved their value in Iraq and Afghanistan and are being sought by a growing number of militaries worldwide.”
The U.S. dominates the market for developing drones, and Teal Group expects the U.S. will account for 65% of development, testing and evaluation on UAV tech over the next 10 years and for 51% of procurement.
AeroVironment's Aerospace/ Defense group is ranked No. 104 out of the 197 industry groups IBD tracks.
Read More At Investor's Business Daily: http://news.investors.com/business/070714-707541-aerovironment-flying-high-drone-uses-expanding-preview.htm#ixzz36nanHAmz
Follow us: @IBDinvestors on Twitter | InvestorsBusinessDaily on Facebook
One teaspoon of sugar equates to 4 grams. The Harvard scientists and the sugar executives with whom they collaborated are no longer alive. One of the scientists who was paid by the sugar industry was D. Mark Hegsted, who went on to become head of nutrition at the US Department of Agriculture, where in 1977 they helped draft the forerunner to the federal government's dietary guidelines. Another scientist was Fredrick J. Stare, chairperson of Harvard's nutrition department. In a statement responding to the JAMA report, the Sugar Association said the 1967 review was published at a time when medical journals did not typically require researchers to disclose funding sources or potential financial conflicts of interest. The New England Journal of Medicine did not begin to require financial disclosures until 1984. The industry "should have exercised greater transparency in all of its research activities," the Sugar Association statement said. Even so, it defended industry-funded research as playing an important and informative role in scientific debate. It said that several decades of research had concluded that sugar "does not have a unique role in heart disease." The association also questioned the motives behind the new paper.
"Most concerning is the growing use of headline-baiting articles to trump quality scientific research," the organisation said. "We're disappointed to see a journal of JAMA's stature being drawn into this trend." But even though the influence-peddling revealed in the documents dates back nearly 50 years, the revelations are important because the debate about the relative harms of sugar and saturated fat continues today, Glantz said. For many decades health authorities encouraged Americans to improve their health by reducing their fat intake, which led many people to consume low-fat, high-sugar foods that some experts now blame for fuelling the obesity crisis. "It was a very smart thing the sugar industry did because review papers, especially if you get them published in a very prominent journal, tend to shape the overall scientific discussion," they said. Hegsted used their research to influence the government's dietary recommendations, which emphasised saturated fat as a driver of heart disease while largely characterising sugar as empty calories linked to tooth decay. Today, the saturated fat warnings remain a cornerstone of the government's dietary guidelines, though in recent years the American Heart Association, the World Health Organization and other health authorities have also begun to warn that too much added sugar could increase cardiovascular disease risk. Marion Nestle, a professor of nutrition, food studies and public health at New York University, wrote an editorial accompanying the new paper that said the documents provided "compelling evidence" that the sugar industry initiated research "expressly to exonerate sugar as a major risk factor for coronary heart disease."
"I think it's appalling," they said. "You just never see examples that are this blatant. The amount of money they were paid to do this is staggering." Nestle noted that efforts by the food industry to shape nutrition science continue today. Last year, an article in The New York Times revealed that Coca-Cola, the world's largest producer of sugary beverages, had provided millions of dollars in funding to researchers who sought to downplay the link between sugary drinks and obesity. In June, The Associated Press reported that candy-makers were funding studies that claimed that children who eat candy tend to weigh less than those who do not. The JAMA paper relied on thousands of pages of correspondence and other documents that Cristin E. Kearns, a postdoctoral fellow at UCSF, discovered in archives at Harvard, the University of Illinois and other libraries. The documents show that in 1964, John Hickson, a top sugar industry executive, discussed a plan with others in the industry to shift public opinion "through our research and information and legislative programs."
At the time, studies had begun pointing to a relationship between high-sugar diets and the country's high rates of heart disease. At the same time, other scientists, including the prominent Minnesota physiologist Ancel Keys, were investigating a competing theory that it was saturated fat and dietary cholesterol that posed the biggest risk for heart disease. Hickson proposed countering the alarming findings on sugar with industry-funded research. "Then we can publish the data and refute our detractors," they wrote. In 1965, Hickson enlisted the Harvard researchers to write a review that would debunk the anti-sugar studies. They paid them a total of $6500 - the equivalent of $49,000 today. Hickson selected the papers for them to review and made it clear they wanted the result to favour sugar. Harvard's Hegsted reassured the sugar executives. "We are well aware of your particular interest," they wrote, "and will cover this as well as we can." As they worked on their review, the Harvard researchers shared and discussed early drafts with the sugar executive, who responded that they were pleased with what they were writing. The Harvard scientists had dismissed the data on sugar as weak and gave far more credence to the data implicating saturated fat.
"Let me assure you this is quite what we had in mind, and we look forward to its appearance in print," Hickson wrote. After the review was published, the debate about sugar and heart disease died down, while low-fat diets gained the endorsement of many health authorities, Glantz said. "By today's standards they behaved very badly," they said. New York Times
SPORTS
The stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games is seen in this Sept. 29 photo. (Yonhap)
Less than four months remain until the opening ceremony of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games, but sluggish ticket sales and lodging reservations could spell trouble for Korea's first Winter Games.The organizing committee for the Winter Games on Wednesday released preliminary numbers for ticket sales, which showed that 30.3 percent of 1.07 million tickets have been sold so far. About 20.7 percent of 760,000 tickets released to the Korean general public have been sold, while 59.7 percent of 320,000 tickets reserved for foreigners have been sold.Sales of tickets to the Paralympic Games are even more dismal, with only 4.2 percent sold.Concerns have been mounting that the PyeongChang games might fail to attract international and local spectators, as inter-Korean tensions are rising with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un stepping up both verbal threats and efforts to develop the country's nuclear and missile programs.Last month, French media reported that its national team was considering pulling out of the event, although French sports authorities later clarified that that they had not considered it.Addressing safety concerns, Do Jong-hwan, Korea's minister of culture, sports and tourism, told a group of diplomatic mission chiefs from 23 countries that the upcoming games would be “one of the safest ones ever.”However, getting the Korean public interested in the PyeongChang Olympics appears to be the bigger problem, as indicated by ticket sales. Winter Games are not popular in Korea, where there are only two semiprofessional ice hockey teams in the whole country.According to the event's organizing committee, 17.2 percent of ice hockey tickets have been sold. Events like luge and Nordic combined are even less popular, with ticket sales hovering around 11.5 percent and 13.4 percent, respectivelyIn addition to the games being unpopular, skyrocketing costs for accommodations are also hindering people from visiting PyeongChang county and Gangneung city in Gangwon Province.According to a figure released by Rep. Yoo Eun-hae of the ruling Democratic Party, the average cost of lodging in Gangneung and PyeongChang has jumped threefold.Eighty-eight percent of the hotels, motels, inns and guesthouses in the area do not have a single room booked during the Olympic period.Despite the bleak sales so far, the organizing committee said there was no reason to be worried.“We expect most of the ticket sales to occur two to three months before the event. Many Koreans tend to put off getting tickets until the last minute, and we believe that offline sales will be considerable,” said a committee official.He added that the committee is preparing promotional events to coincide with the Olympic torch relay in Korea, which will be held from Nov. 1 to the opening ceremony on Feb. 9. The torch relay kicks off on Oct. 23 in Greece, where it will travel for eight days.The official added that sales are not as terrible as they seem, as only about 570,000 tickets have been released so far. Total ticket sales stood at 324,392 as of Wednesday.However, many remain concerned. “From ticket sales to lodging, all indicators related to the Olympic Games are sluggish. We all need to take this situation seriously,” Yoo said.Gangwon Province Gov. Choi Moon-soon told local media that the Olympic committee is having trouble getting sponsors for the event, saying they are worried that Korea may face “global humiliation.”Choi said the entire country needs to pull together for the success of the Olympic Games and vowed that their province would encourage ticket sales through online and offline promotion as well as media events.Even President Moon Jae-in recently posted a picture of themselves buying a ticket on Facebook.The government plans to buy tickets for unpopular events -- that cost 80,000 won ($70) or less per ticket -- to distribute at events. The Gangwon Provincial Government and its 18 counties have revised their initial purchase plan from 3,720 tickets to 27,834.Gyeonggi Province reportedly allocated 350 million won in emergency budget to buy 5,000 tickets for various events, which it will distribute to student athletes, Olympic supporters and low-income families.By Yoon Min-sik ( minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com
Story highlights The David Petraeus scandal raises interesting questions about privacy in the digital era
The U.S. law governing digital privacy was last updated in 1986
Tech companies and the ACLU want to see protections in the law tightened
Here's a thought that might make even the most conscientious e-mail user nervous: "When the CIA director cannot hide their activities online, what hope is there for the rest of us?"
The American Civil Liberties Union posed this question in a recent blog post. The group, of course, was referring to the scandal involving David Petraeus , who resigned as head of the spy agency after the FBI uncovered e-mails indicating they were having an affair with their biographer, Paula Broadwell.
The story has gotten lots of media attention, in part for its soap-operatic qualities . Less discussed, however, at least outside the technology press, is what this e-mail-based investigation says about privacy and surveillance in the digital age. Here's a quick look at some of the more surprising issues:
E-mail -- even anonymous e-mail -- is not as secure as you think: E-mails don't just carry a subject line and whatever you type into them. These digital missives also tote along with them packets of information called E-mails don't just carry a subject line and whatever you type into them. These digital missives also tote along with them packets of information called "metadata" or " headers ," which may contain information about where the message was sent from. That can help investigators corroborate who sent an e-mail, even if it comes from an anonymous account.
"In the case of Yahoo Mail and Outlook that includes the IP address of the connection used to send an email, so investigators don't need to subpoena a mail provider to trace its origin," Tom Simonite writes for the MIT Technology Review
Forbes writer Parmy Olson summarizes the situation this way : "In these days of constant communication by mobile and desktop, it's almost impossible to leave zero trace of a digital footprint, even if you do send e-mails through an anonymous account."
Communicating by saving e-mail drafts on a joint account is old hat: Petraeus tried to communicate with their mistress by setting up a joint e-mail account with them and then saving messages in the account's draft folder. So, essentially, they may have been e-mailing each other without actually sending an e-mail. That sounds smart, right? Very James Bond. (Or Some reports indicate Petraeus tried to communicate with their mistress by setting up a joint e-mail account with them and then saving messages in the account's draft folder. So, essentially, they may have been e-mailing each other without actually sending an e-mail. That sounds smart, right? Very James Bond. (Or very al Qaeda .)
But the technique has become so dated that it's no longer much of a cover. "If we know that kind of subterfuge is being used by terrorists," writes Patrick Radden Keefe for The New Yorker , "then it's almost axiomatically an inadequate counter-surveillance option."
The ACLU's Chris Soghoian writes that saving e-mails in draft form instead of sending them may, paradoxically, make it easier for investigators to access the messages.
U.S. digital privacy law was written before e-mail was popular: Here's a doozy. The privacy law that governs digital communications was last updated in 1986, or, Here's a doozy. The privacy law that governs digital communications was last updated in 1986, or, as the ACLU puts it , when "there was no World Wide Web, nobody carried a cell phone, and the only 'social networking' two-year-old Mark Zuckerberg (now the CEO of Facebook) was doing was at pre-school or on play dates."
The law, called the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , has some seemingly odd provisions, including one that, according to Wired , allows authorities to access e-mail that's more than 6 months old without a warrant from a judge. All that's needed is a subpoena, which is easier to obtain.
"It's not yet clear on precisely what legal authority the FBI obtained access to Broadwell's e-mail," The New Yorker says, "but under the relevant federal statute, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the government need do little more than ask."
Tech companies want to make it harder for law enforcement to read your e-mail: , the tech companies that control most of the digital info stored by Americans these days actually want that law to change. "Google is an active member of the As Heather Kelly reports for CNN , the tech companies that control most of the digital info stored by Americans these days actually want that law to change. "Google is an active member of the Digital Due Process Coalition , which has been pushing for reform of the ECPA," they write. "The group's members include Apple, Amazon, the ACLU, Facebook, Google and Twitter along with a slew of other big-name tech companies and civil liberties groups."
The U.S. Justice Department opposes reform on the grounds it would make it more difficult for investigators to obtain e-mail communications.
Still, search engines may pose the biggest privacy threat: It's worth noting that when you send an e-mail or post something on Facebook, you usually expect someone else to see it, although maybe not everyone, and probably not the FBI. As It's worth noting that when you send an e-mail or post something on Facebook, you usually expect someone else to see it, although maybe not everyone, and probably not the FBI. As John Herrman writes for BuzzFeed , however, search engines such as Google are the ones that know your "real secrets" since it doesn't feel like anyone else would see what you're searching for.
But, because of search, Google "knows the things you wouldn't ask your friends. It knows things you can't ask your spouse. It knows the things you haven't asked your doctor yet. It knows things that you can't ask anyone else and that might not have been asked at all before Google existed," they write. "Google's servers are a repository of the developed world's darkest and most heartbreaking secrets, a vast closet lined with millions of digital skeletons that, should they escape, would spare nobody."
The search engine does anonymize data over time. "We strike a reasonable balance between the competing pressures we face, such as the privacy of our users, the security of our systems and the need for innovation. We believe anonymizing IP addresses after 9 months and cookies in our search engine logs after 18 months strikes the right balance," Google says on an FAQ page about privacy
Wednesday on Fox News Channel's “The Kelly File,” Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) explained to host Megyn Kelly where they saw inconsistencies from Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), one of their opponents for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, on the issues of immigration and the NSA data collection program.
Paul said those inconsistencies raise questions about their U.S. Senate colleague's “authenticity.”
“I think the biggest problem that Cruz faces right now is authenticity,” Paul said. “He was for the NSA reform, saying the government shouldn't collect all our phone records. But then in the debate, their response to Rubio was, oh no, they voted for the reform to allow the government to collect 100 percent of our cell phone records. So I think people who like my candidacy are wondering – if they're trying to choose between Paul and Cruz – they're wondering about their authenticity.”
“I think the same on immigration,” they continued. “He's gone back and forth and they say the whole world is against or is for amnesty. And they are the only pure blooded that was against amnesty. The problem is once they were up here debating, they actually are for legalization. And now he's sort of trying to have it both ways. I think the authenticity part is going to be their difficulty and maybe their undoing.”
Paul was also asked about Cruz's Canadian birthplace, to which Paul suggested could be problematic for Cruz in the long-term.
“The Canadian citizenship – it would be extraordinary to have someone born in Canada as nominee or as president,” they added. “It never has happened before, so it would be extraordinary. It's never been litigated at the Supreme Court level and ultimately I think the Democrats will force it all the way to the Supreme Court.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
U.S. President Barack Obama will likely miss him. Jewish settlers in the West Bank won't.
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak, one of the country's most influential politicians over the past two decades and the chief confidant of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, announced on Monday that he's retiring from politics and will not be contesting January's general election.
At a hastily convened news conference in the defense ministry, Barak said they had “exhausted” their political activity and wanted to spend more time with their family.
The decision surprised political analysts and even members of Barak's own party, who had bought billboard space around the country for ads featuring their face.
But Barak, a centrist who served as chief of the Israeli Army in the early 1990s and as prime minister in 1999–2000, appeared to be headed for a drubbing in the election. Most polls showed their party would get no more than three or four seats in the 120-member Parliament.
The move highlighted the disarray in the center of Israel's political map, where at least four parties with similar platforms are fighting each other for votes instead of banding together to counterbalance the right-wing alliance of Netanyahu and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman.
Two other centrists with name recognition, Tzipi Livni and Ehud Olmert, are still weighing whether to enter the race.
The announcement also seemed to ensure that Netanyahu's next government, should they be reelected, will be more hawkish than the current one. On some issues, including settlement expansion in the West Bank, Barak had at least a slight moderating influence on the government.
“This means that the next government's foreign and security policies will turn even more rightward than they already have, and become more nationalist and resistant to any concession or compromise,” wrote Aluf Benn, editor of the left-leaning newspaper Haaretz.
Until 2000, Barak's political trajectory was meteoric. As Israel's most decorated soldier, they went almost directly from the Army into the government of Labor party leader Yitzhak Rabin, serving as interior minister in 1995 and later as foreign minister.
As prime minister in 1999, they withdrew Israeli troops from southern Lebanon after a 17-year occupation, a move that many now view as their most significant political achievement. They also offered to share Jerusalem with the Palestinians and withdraw from large parts of the West Bank in landmark peace talks at Camp David in the summer of 2000, concessions that no previous Israel leader had put on the table.
But when Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat rejected their offer, Barak declared that there was no partner for an agreement with the Palestinians, a move that many analysts believe helped precipitate the second Palestinian uprising and the steady shift of Israeli public opinion rightward over the ensuing decade.
Barak was defeated by another former general, Ariel Sharon, in early 2001 and left politics for several years.
Their alliance with Netanyahu over the past four years has been surprisingly strong, considering their divergent political leanings. It has also been welcomed by Washington, where members of the Obama administration have preferred dealing with Barak over Netanyahu.
Some people in Washington credit Barak for the fact that Israel did not strike Iran's nuclear installations before the U.S. election in November. Others feel they let Obama down by not pushing Netanyahu hard enough to engage with the Palestinians.
“They assumed that Barak would deliver Bibi [on the peace process with the Palestinians]. And Barak kept reassuring them that Bibi is on board,” a former official told me earlier this year, referring to Netanyahu by their nickname.
“At some point they became pretty disappointed with Barak.”
As defense minister, Barak was in charge of authorizing housing construction for settlers in the West Bank—territory that remains under Israeli military control. Though settlements expanded steadily over the past four years, settler leaders saw Barak as an obstacle.
“Barak will go down in the history of Israel's governments as the worst defense minster the Jewish settlements have ever had,” said Public Diplomacy Minister Yuli Edelstein of Netanyahu's Likud party. “Today is Likud's independence day.”
Barak declined at the press conference to address whether they might serve in Netanyahu's next government as a “personal appointment”—through a procedure that allows prime ministers to choose cabinet ministers from outside the political establishment.
“There are many ways for me to serve the country, not just through politics,” they said.
ISLAMABAD: The Foreign Office (FO) on Thursday expressed serious concern over the plight of Pakistani seamen in India and said treatment meted out to them was in violation of international law and norms.
"A Pakistani ship was a on way to India for ship-breaking when it sank. However, seamen were rescued and taken to the Indian state of Gujarat where they were kept in a police station. This was when the ship's Yemeni crew was accommodated in a hotel," FO spokesperson Tasneem Aslam told a press briefing in Islamabad.
They said the High Commission in New Delhi was in contact with Indian authorities for the well being of the Pakistani citizens.
"We have conveyed our concerns to the Indian government over the treatment being meted out to our seamen."
Speaking to reporters, the spokesperson said there was no information regarding a Pakistani boat allegedly carrying narcotics captured by Indian authorities earlier this month. They said India had also not communicated anything to that effect.
Earlier this month, an Indian official had claimed that a joint navy and coastguard operation had intercepted a Pakistani vessel trafficking 200 kilograms — $15 million worth — of heroin in Indian waters on April 20. The boat was apparently headed for the western state of Gujarat, Indian navy spokesperson D K Sharma had said at the time.
Read more: India claims seizing 200kg heroin on Pakistani boat
On questions relating to the changes in the Saudi royal family's line of succession, Aslam declined to comment and said that Pakistan does not comment on internal developments of other countries.
On April 29, Saudi Arabia's King Salman named Interior Minister and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef heir to the throne, replacing Crown Prince Moqren bin Abdul Aziz bin Saud who was second in line.
Read more: Saudi king names new heir to throne in government shakeup
The FO spokesperson also said that Pakistan was in touch with Italian authorities regarding the arrests of their nationals charged with terrorism in the European country.
Read more: Militants from Pakistan, Afghanistan held in Italy
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Crown Prince Moqren bin Abdul Aziz bin Saud is second in line. The error is regretted.
Do you remember how a regular morning used to look 15 years ago? Or which were the most common habits those days?
A regular morning used to start with the daily dose of caffeine and a newspaper. In this way, our parents were ready for a new day, being energized and up to date with the latest news.
What has changed? The coffee remained in the daily routine, but the newspaper has been replaced by a more compact and complex thing – the smartphone.
These days the smartphone is the most common-used electronic device, and Apple's iPhone is one of the most popular smartphone brands in 2018.
Why do you need a VPN for iPhone?
Apple did an extraordinary job around securing their devices. As everything is encrypted and the key is extremely difficult to decrypt, the iPhone is considered to be one of the most secure smartphones.
Even so, there are some cases in which you need to pay special attention.
Your iPhone is like a pocket-size survival kit. You can use it for phone calls, to immortalize the most important moments in your life, and to surf the web.
Internet malware has grown hand in hand with the Internet's expansion. As you will use your iPhone from different places, connecting to public Wifi Hotspots is almost inevitable, so protecting your internet activities is crucial.
Even if the iPhone is super-secure, is not able to fight alone against the threats that hide behind a public Wi-Fi connection.
To enhance your iOS devices' security, you will definitely need a VPN.
A VPN will help you access the internet in a safe way, by creating a private secure scope of communication between your device and the final destination on the web.
How does a VPN exactly work?
The most important components in a VPN connection are the VPN server, the VPN protocol, and the encryption.
Firstly, before enabling your VPN connection, you must know that choosing the VPN protocol is a serious thing. The security of your VPN connection is granted by the VPN protocol and its encryption level. The most common VPN protocol is Open VPN which is 256bit encrypted. This feature makes OpenVPN one of the most secure VPN protocols. In this list, we can also include SSTP, SoftEther or Stealth VPN.
Right after you have decided what protocol to use, you simply need to connect to the desired VPN server (regular VPN server, P2P server – for P2P traffic, Tor over VPN server or Double VPN server), and in our case, you will connect with just a tap. From this moment on, you will browse anonymously, securely and 100% away from any curious eyes of your ISP or mighty-hackers.
The benefits of a VPN App for iPhone.
Compared to the manual configuration of a VPN connection on your device, a VPN app for iPhones and iPads allows you to swing between VPN servers and VPN protocols with just a simple tap. Besides, this you will be able to:
Easily change your IP address; Encrypt your e-mails and other conversations; Keep private all your online activities/browsing history; Secure your online bank transactions; Access blocked streaming websites with your iPhone while you're on your way to work or traveling; Access VoIP apps and blocked social media websites, in order to keep in touch with your loved ones; Bypass network restrictions/firewalls and internet censorship.
It's super secure and utterly easy to use.
Installing a VPN app on your iPhone or other iOS device is super easy and will take only a few minutes. After you get it from Apple Store and have it installed it, you only have to choose a VPN protocol, a VPN server and tap connect. From that point on, the VPN will do its job so you can forget that you have it installed.
Can you trust your VPN?
The trustworthiness of a VPN is granted by the VPN provider. So, before you choose your VPN provider you should do a little bit of research.
Here are a few things you should look for while choosing a VPN:
The privacy policy. If you don't want to have your personal information shared with your ISP, why would you want to have it shared with your VPN provider? That's why, make sure your future VPN has a transparent privacy policy and, most important – NO LOGS. What it has to offer. A trustworthy VPN will try to offer the best solutions for its customers. Starting with VPN apps for the most popular operating systems (Windows, Android, Mac, iOS), and continuing with useful features (like Socks5, WebRTC leak protection, protection against DNS leak etc.), your future VPN must be committed to its community and always improve. Tech support. Even if you're a super-skilled technician, you will definitely need support at some point. That's why customers support is important and mandatory. Reviews. The specialized reviews websites will provide you with plenty of details about a VPN provider. However, the information presented in those articles may not reflect the reality in all of the cases. If your future VPN provider has its own reviews page, make sure you check it out. In this way, you will be able to find out what its real customers have to say about the performance of the VPN.
Which is the best VPN App for iPhone?
Surely, there are a lot of VPN apps for iOS that you could use. What we recommend? To start with our iOS VPN app which is compatible with the latest iPhone models (iPhone XS and iPhone XR). We're sure that you will love it.
With features like VPN on demand, that will activate your VPN connection as soon as you go online, you will forget that you use a VPN.
To put your hand on it, you will simply need to go on AppStore and have it installed.
One of the best parts about ibVPN is that if offer its customers the possibility to test the performance via a free VPN trial.
So, what you need to do is described below:
Get the app; Sign up for a free trial; Choose the desired VPN protocol and VPN Server.
ibVPN's lite iOS VPN app.
If you're still with us, that's a sign that you're ready to learn more about our app. So, here are a few introductions on how easy is to use our VPN app for iOS.
Right after you login into your new shiny app, you will be able to find important information like your status, the selected server, the app's version, and you even have an option to check your IP directly from the app.
As the following step is to choose your VPN protocol, in order to do that, you will need to access the Menu -> VPN Setting -> Preferred Protocol. You will be able to choose between, IPSec, IKEv2, and the well-known Open VPN.
To establish a VPN connection, you will need to choose a VPN server, right? With ibVPN, this is not a problem, as we are offering you the possibility to choose between a satisfying number of servers with NAT Firewall already included. The navigation in the servers' list is user-friendly. You are able to scroll down in the list, or have your servers grouped by countries. This option helps you connect to the fastest server in the chosen country, based on your location. There's also a list of features that you will find our features super-helpful:
The fastest Server. This feature will basically choose the fastest server for you, based on your location. The Fastest US, UK, EU Asian, or South American server feature will choose the fastest server in the desired region, based on your location.
As soon as you've decided what country you would like to “visit”, just tap on connect and enjoy an awesome online experience, while you're being 100% secured and anonymous.
For more details about our VPN app for iPhone, just check out the tutorial below:
Power-up your iPhone with a VPN!
The iPhone and all the other Apple products are a very good example of hype and modern technology. Compared with Android or Windows, iOS is a way more secure OS.
However, the public Wi-Fi can be your iPhone's biggest enemy. As the cyber-attacks are more and more often and your ISP is even more curious to see your online activities, you should seriously consider giving a try to a VPN.
The VPN technology will enhance your iPhone's level of security, by encrypting all your online activities and conversations.
You will always have your iPhone with you, no matter if you go jogging, to your job, or while traveling. Especially when you travel, you need a trustful companion, that can help you bypass online restrictions, unblock streaming/social media websites, or secure your transactions. A VPN will always come in handy in any of these situations.
So, are you ready to surf free and 100% secure?
Story highlights David Axelrod and Robert Gibbs will become pundits for MSNBC
Howard Kurtz: Is NBC's cable channel turning into an Obama administration in exile?
They say MSNBC didn't start this, Fox News did when it served as a platform for Bush officials
Kurtz: As advocates for Obama, it might be tough for Axelrod and Gibbs to show independence
David Axelrod is a smart guy who knows a heck of a lot about politics and the press.
Robert Gibbs is also a smart guy who knows a heck of a lot about politics and the press.
They will now be dispensing their wisdom as paid contributors at MSNBC, and I'll be interested in what they have to say.
But I have to ask: Is NBC's cable channel turning into an Obama administration in exile?
Howard Kurtz
It's hardly a news flash that MSNBC long ago decided to be cable's liberal bastion, a left-wing counterweight to Fox News. But the more the studios are populated with people who worked for the president, the more the network may seem like an off-campus adjunct of the West Wing.
To be sure, MSNBC was already packed with former Democratic presidential candidates, from Al Sharpton to Howard Dean. Former party chairperson and Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell has also become a fixture, as well as former party spokesperson Karen Finney.
But now that the president is into their second term, there is a growing band of alumni available for pundit duty. Jared Bernstein went from Joe Biden's chief economist to MSNBC talking head. Now the former senior adviser and former press secretary will be holding forth on their former boss.
Occasionally, the liberals on MSNBC criticize Obama from the left. The network's few conservative commentators, such as former Republican Party chairperson Michael Steele, take aim from the right. But isn't that going to be considerably harder for Axelrod and Gibbs, who have devoted their lives to this president?
Gibbs tells me they see their job "as a political analyst and as someone who has been in the room during important meetings and when big decisions are made who can convey what that's like to viewers. I don't see it either as being a cheerleader for the president or as a spokesperson for the administration's point of view."
"I will be honest with my opinions and when I believe the White House has made a mistake I will say so. I'm sure no one in the White House thought my comments on Chuck Hagel's confirmation hearing were necessarily pro-Obama."
Axelrod also sees themselves taking a different approach: "My role is not that of a surrogate, but an analyst and commentator. I'm proud of my work for and with the president. But in this role, I will offer observations, based on my experience over 35 years in journalism and politics, and will call them as I see them." They added: "I'd also note that NBC and MSNBC have, on their roster of analysts, both Republicans and Democrats."
MSNBC didn't invent this practice; Fox News is the model.
For a while, it served as the Bush administration in exile, with such loyalists as Karl Rove, former U.N. ambassador John Bolton and ex-press secretary Dana Perino. Fox also provided Bush with a spokesperson when the late Tony Snow made the jump from Roger Ailes' network to the White House.
The Fox payroll was soon packed with potential 2012 contenders like Sarah Palin, Mike Huckabee, Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum, with the latter two jumping from Rupert Murdoch's team into the presidential primaries. There is no question that the high-profile platform gave them a boost. Now, Herman Cain, who left the race under a cloud after denying allegations of sexual harassment and an extramarital affair, has joined the Fox team. In their first outing the other night, Cain said 51% of Americans were "misled" into voting for Obama, prompting a dissent from Bill O'Reilly. Is this the kind of unvarnished analysis we can expect from Cain?
CNN is not exempt from this game, having provided a home for Pat Buchanan between their presidential runs and, later, hiring Bush 41 lieutenants John Sununu and Mary Matalin, Clinton alumni Paul Begala and James Carville, and W.'s press secretary, Ari Fleischer. The network also got into the disgraced ex-governor business through its ill-fated fling with Eliot Spitzer. But CNN, at least, makes a point of tapping partisans from both sides. (ABC, for its part, brought in George Stephanopoulos from the Clinton White House, and they gradually earned credibility in their new profession.)
When networks employ active partisans such as Rove, who raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for GOP candidates in 2012 and has now launched a new super PAC, it's fair for viewers to wonder whether their commentary is subjugated to an agenda. That was the question with Dick Morris, who was recently dumped by Fox after acknowledging that their predictions of a big Mitt Romney victory were in part an effort to boost Republican morale.
Now that this revolving door is spinning like crazy, are current Obama staffers eyeing a television future? If so, might they be a tad nicer to a future employer? Former Time correspondent Jay Carney was a pretty good television guest before joining the administration; could they follow the well-beaten path to MSNBC?
And what if Hillary Clinton gets bored giving big-money speeches?
Maybe Axelrod and Gibbs will surprise me and show an independent streak as members of the commentariat. But having labored so long as fierce advocates for Barack Obama, that could be a tough transition.
Anticipation for the final installment in Warner Bros.' Harry Potter film franchise is running at a fever pitch, and on Wednesday, critics started unveiling their reviews of the movie.
The Hollywood Reporter chief film critic Todd McCarthy wrote that Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2, which opens July 15, is an "outstanding capper" to the series.
"It ends well," they wrote. "After eight films in 10 years and a cumulative global box-office take of more than $6.3 billion, the most successful franchise in the history of movies comes to an obligatory -- and quite satisfying -- conclusion in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2."
PHOTOS: Growing Up 'Harry Potter'
McCarthy added that the decision to split the final book in J.K. Rowling's series was justified.
"This is an exciting and, to put it mildly, massively eventful finale that will grip and greatly please anyone who has been at all a fan of the series up to now," they wrote. "If ever there was a sure thing commercially, this stout farewell is it."
Philip Womack of the U.K.'s Telegraph adds that fans will be satisfied with the movie.
"Perhaps the greatest triumph of this final film is its ability to overcome the deficiencies of J.K' Rowling's writing," they wrote. "In the last Harry Potter volume, they failed singularly to muster the epic feel needed; as a result, on the page, the concluding battle at Hogwarts was a damp squib. But Yates here transmutes it into a genuinely terrifying spectacle, as bloodied students fight desperately against a horde of screaming black-robed Death Eaters."
PHOTOS: Summer Blockbuster Guide
Grant Rollings of the U.K. newspaper the Sun also had mostly positive things to say about the movie, which they described as "something to be cherished."
"It's an epic movie dust-up with schoolkids and a handful of good witches and wizards fighting to the death against seemingly superior forces of evil," they wrote. "Imagine a more spectacular battle than that of Helm's Deep in Lord of the Rings. It is dizzying and thrilling, even before the story reaches the monumental climax between the brave orphan and Ralph Fiennes' noseless fiend (villain Voldemort)."
Their only quibble was with the cast, saying star Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter) is capable of better acting and that Emma Watson (Hermione Granger) and Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley) haven't shown any improvement over the past three years. Yet they praise Matthew Lewis (Neville Longbottom), who "steals their thunder."
RELATED:
STORY: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2' Named Most Anticipated Film of 2011
STORY: 'Harry Potter' Stars Wouldn't Return if Franchise Went On
The first tangible aspect on the field will be this year's debut of the Premier Development League side, Nashville U23.
“Obviously the PDL is our first jump with the Nashville SC brand,” Redhage said. “We're looking to build the foundation, identifying our core values, identifying our vision and beginning to push that out at the amateur level. Our hope is that it builds our foundation so in 2018, when we come into the league, we have a rabid fan base that already understands what Nashville SC is about, where we're going and what we want to accomplish.”
The holistic approach is evident in the formation of a partnership with the Tennessee State Soccer Association, which incorporates more than 41,000 registered players and serves as a true building block within Redhage's and Nashville SC's foundation.
“Our partnership with the Tennessee State Soccer Association has been really successful,” Redhage said. “We're working hand in hand. A lot of these things take a while to build, but when you're building a foundation, you're building it not for today but for the future, so that's what we're excited about.”
Support for the anticipated USL club is certainly there, as evidenced by the team's introductory unveiling to well more than 3,000 season ticket deposits as of mid-December, Redhage said. From the start, Redhage felt there was professional soccer void that they and the ownership group could fulfill within a buzzing market.
“Nashville's an entertainment town, so we're excited to look at some collaborative ideas within the fabric of Nashville,” Redhage said. “Nashville has one of the largest, fastest-growing millennial populations out there, and we're looking to tap into that and really build a brand that has a story, but ultimately helps tell the city's story within the framework of what we're doing at Nashville SC.”
Few could have missed what are likely the most contemptible words ever uttered by a candidate for the presidency of the United States – words that show just how unqualified they are to aspire to that office. But just in case a reader did miss Mitt Romney's secretly recorded comments at a Boca Raton, Fla., fundraiser, here they are:
“There are the 47 percents who will vote for the president no matter what. All right, there are 47 percent who are with him, who are dependent upon government, who believe they are victims, who believe the government has a responsibility to take care of them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you-name-it. That that's an entitlement. And the government should give it to them. And they will vote for the president no matter what. These are people who pay no income tax. My job is not to worry about those people. I'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.” (Editorial continues after video.)
One has to ask today, on the first anniversary of Occupy Wall Street, just who is a Mitt Romney, Mr. 1 % himself, was referring to as people who don't “take personal responsibility and care for themselves?”
It must be people like them – and their sibling corporations – who they are talking about, because they spend millions to find ways to not pay taxes!
Set aside, for a moment, the fact that the overwhelming majority of the 47 percent who they say are hopelessly in the Obama camp, actually pay plenty of income and other taxes.
Even if we look only at the minority who don't pay federal income taxes, we find 61 percent of that group are workers currently employed but earning dismally low wages, particularly in the non-union states championed by Romney and their fellow 1%ers.
Students, military families, people with disabilities and the unemployed, taken together, account for 17 percent of those who don't pay federal income taxes.
Students, of course, will pay huge amounts of taxes when they get out of school and military families paid taxes before they joined up and will pay again after their enlistments. The unemployed paid plenty of federal income taxes before they lost their jobs and were it not for the outsourcing promoted by Romney and their 1% pals many would still have their jobs and be able to pay federal income taxes.
As for the disabled: Does Romney dare tell the thousands suffering from black lung and other diseases acquired on the job, those born with disabilities or came by them through war or other life's trials, that they don't have the right to food or a roof over their heads?
The remaining 22% of those who don't pay federal income taxes are seniors, most of whom worked and paid taxes all their lives. Taking away the safety net those seniors have earned would not only result in countless early deaths but would quickly plunge the millions who are members of their families into abject poverty too.
The reality is a far different one from the one painted by Romney at that gathering of their rich friends. The fact that someone is not paid enough or that they or they are on active military duty protecting Romney's wealth, among other things, or that they or they are too old or that they or they are suffering from disease acquired on the job does not mean that they or they are not contributing to society.
The poorest one fifth of American households actually pay out a crushing 16 percent of their meager incomes in various federal, state and local taxes while many of the super-rich, Romney among them, devise ever more creative ways of avoiding taxes entirely.
Mitt, you're wrong! It's you who is not taking personal responsibility when you stash your money in offshore tax shelters. The vast majority however does take personal responsibility. If you can't see that now you will understand on Election Day.
The data source for this editorial is a 2011 report entitled “Who doesn't pay federal income taxes?” put out jointly by the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center.
Photo: Demonstrators at a protest march using a puppet in the likeness of Mitt Romney, Aug. 30in Tampa, Fla., outside the Republican National Convention. Dave Martin/AP
Sometimes you see a film and marvel at its beauty. Sometimes you watch and wonder how it was done. Sometimes you furrow your brow and say, "What the hell is this?" This film will make you do all three.
Kevin McGloughlin is a video artist who is no stranger to creating beautifully strange pieces using complicated effects. They have created mesmerizing videos for music artists such as Tucan and Somadrone, but it's the video they did in tribute to their father, "Architect", that really catches the eye, mostly because of the complicated techniques they used to pull it off. McGloughlin shared a bit about these techniques in the video's description, but they have broken down their whole process for us step by step. But first, here's the video:
According to the video description, "Architect" was made "entirely from photographs and video footage" using "various techniques in time-lapse photography and long exposure photography" along with real time footage. That's super interesting, but we wanted to know exactly how McGloughlin approached this stunning piece. They explain:
There was quite a long process in the making of this portrait. The first process was the camera work. This involved long exposure time-lapse photography of street lights, clouds, fluids and textures. With these sequences, the individual frames were laid out in 3D space and a virtual camera was flown through them. I also shot realtime video footage which was treated similarly, though in the case of the footage, the virtual camera wasn't flown through. Instead, I duplicated the footage and offset the time by one frame for each layer of video to create the illusion of forward motion. I then edited together the various sequences into a seamless clip.
With the first process complete, I rendered out the sequence, so all the images were now one flat movie. I then incorporated scans of architectural drawings as well as photographs and video footage of the man's face (Páraic Sr.) using layer blending modes, masks and luma keys. This was then again precomposed into one flat movie. With this one clip, I then duplicated it many multiple times and again layered it out in 3D space. Again offsetting the time by one frame for every layer. I then used 'keying' effects to extract data from each layer at progressively higher values from the back to the front of the layer stack, creating what is in essence a Strata Cut technique with digital media.
Thanks, Kevin!
You can check out more of Kevin McGloughlin's work on their Vimeo page, and believe me, you're going to want to do this. In fact, I'll just leave this here: a video entitled "GoogOl" whose final clip is, in fact, 10100 videos playing simultaneously.
Since the doors of the Mari and James A. Michener Gallery Building opened in 2006, the Blanton Museum of Art has been writing an important history. Though the museum was not immune to the highs and lows that have plagued Austin's art community, it has been steadily stabilizing and growing. Artist collectives have been created, lasting friendships formed and creativity nurtured within those walls, not to mention the thousands of students who have been introduced to art for the first time or the children wow-ed by the soaring atrium. (Full disclosure, I have worked for the museum as a gallery assistant, a marketing and public relations intern and a social media coordinator contractor).
Organized in conjunction with Into the Sacred City: Tibetan Buddhist Deities from the Theos Bernard Collection, Tibetan Buddhist monks from the Drepung Loseling Monastery were invited to create a sand mandala. Browsing pictures posted on Twitter on Saturday (the fourth day of the process) I saw monks and the rows of spectators filling around them. Still, no number of tweets could prepare me for the scene during the closing ceremony on Sunday.
The event was slated from 2 p.m. to 4:30 p.m., and I planned to show up around 2:30 p.m. What I was not expecting was the traffic on Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. or the hoards of people still making their way toward the building. Two lines, one for the general public and the other for UT students, staff and faculty, spread out from opposite sides of the front door. A third line, almost empty, for museum members contrasted with the non-member lines.
I did make it in before the sand mandala was swept away, but I could hardly tell. Not courageous enough to fight through the center crowd, I listened from twenty feet away to the chanting of the monks and instruments. The foreign clangs accompanied by surprisingly deep voices floated through the atrium, a natural amplifier. I surveyed the people, of all types of walks of life. Some dressed in what I could only assume was Tibetan clothing, some students, some parents with their children, or artists. A woman with their eyes shut stood leaning against the stairwell, just listening.
When the ceremony came to an end and the monks began to distribute sand in plastic packets to the hoards that came even closer, I walked up the stairwell. It was a sight, the people coming for a packet of sand to keep as a memento, or to take home to forget and eventually throw away. When the sand was all gone and the monks continued to take the other half of the sand to Waller Creek, people still came up to the table to run their hands over the surface to catch a few grains. Some rubbed this on their foreheads, like ash.
It was an awesome event, in the truest sense of the word. Not only the sight of the mandala, if you could get close enough, but the thousands of people that came to the museum to participate. It demonstrates the power museums can have to attract the public who do want to experience something. Whether or not it will always take a ritual performance wrapped up in centuries of history and religion, is yet to be shown.
Relasted Posts
Tibetan Buddhist Monks to Construct Large-Scale Symbolic Sand Painting at the Blanton Museum of Art – October 31, 2012
Blanton Museum of Art Presents Never Exhibited Sacred Tibetan Art – September 14, 2012
The DNC Email leak is a big deal – in spite of what the Hillary apologists want us to believe. They are trying to distract us on this issue, but that doesn't change what was contained within those emails. Ring of Fire's Farron Cousins discusses this.
Transcript of the above video:
A pretty busy weekend for the Democratic National Committee. Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned in the wake of the massive email leak that was released on Friday, but here's the thing. A lot of people have covered this story, it's a big story and it means a lot. Let's get a couple of things out of the way really quick.
Bernie Sanders did lose the nomination by 3 million votes. Okay? Maybe that would have been different had the DNC not been working against him. Unfortunately, that's something we just can't know anymore. A lot of the Hillary apologists, I guess you have to call them at this point, are saying that it doesn't matter. You know? The Russians leaked this, and that's what we need to be focused on, is how they're working for Donald Trump. There is absolutely no evidence available at this time, at the time that I am sitting in front of this camera, to suggest that the Russians did this in any way. There is absolutely no evidence to suggest that. That claim was made by a Clinton surrogate on the Sunday morning talk shows who provided, again, no evidence.
Even if they did, that doesn't matter right now. It's something that should be dealt with if it turns out to be true, absolutely. That doesn't change the content of those emails, where we had the heads of the DNC actively working to derail a democrat. Actively working to promote Hillary Clinton. That is not fair, that is not an unbiased neutral referee as they claim to be. The DNC was working against Bernie Sanders and they had even come up with several pretty horrible smears that they were considering using against him, including using the fact that he's Jewish against them in the south. That's something that we've seen republicans do. This is stuff that would read right out of the republican playbook. We're supposed to just accept that because it's the democratic party? Let me ask the Hillary apologists this. If we found out that the DNC was actively working to promote Bernie Sanders and derail Hillary, how would you feel at this point? What would you be saying?
Don't dismiss it just because it went in your favor this time. It may not happen that way next time. Debbie Wasserman Schultz is a disgrace. Not just to the DNC, but to this country because she's still an elected official. Hopefully Tim Canova, their primary opponent uses this to take them out. We don't need them in congress, we don't need them in Philadelphia right now, and we certainly don't need them in the DNC. This is unforgivable.
Another thing that's interesting about this is that for months … Months, and months, and months, and months, these Hillary apologists were out there attacking Bernie Sanders supporters for being unrealistic, for being paranoid, for making up these conspiracy theories. This past weekend, every single one of those claims was validated. The Bernie Sanders supporter were vindicated. Have you seen any apologies from the Hillary supporters saying they were wrong to call out the Bernie supporters? I sure as hell haven't. I've seen Meghan McCain tweet out that they take back what they said.
Here's the thing. When you screw up, when you say something that's not true, you have to apologize. That's what I'm waiting to see. I want to see all of these Hillary Clinton supporters out there apologize for being wrong. For accusing the Sanders supporters of being paranoid. Again, everything was validated this weekend and it could not have happened at the worst time for Hillary Clinton. We're at a point where some of the rifts within the democratic party were healing. Many of the Bernie Sanders supporters were coming over to Hillary. That's not going to happen now. It's not. This email leak very well could have handed the election to Donald Trump, and at this point if the democrats lose this election, they absolutely deserve it. They did this to themselves.
LAKELAND, Fla. -- Jacob Turner is officially out of the running to start the season as the fifth starter for the Detroit Tigers.
The Tigers announced Monday morning that they have optioned the 20-year-old right-hander to Toledo.
The Tigers also assigned pitcher Chris Bootcheck, outfielder Quintin Berry and infielders Ryan Strieby, Argenis Diaz and Audy Ciriaco to minor-league camp.
Turner struggled in three outings this spring before being shut down due to tendinitis in their right shoulder. Turner threw a bullpen session Sunday and is scheduled to pitch in a game Wednesday.
Turner entered spring training as one of the leading candidates -- among six pitchers -- to be the fifth starter for the Tigers heading into the season. But they allowed five earned runs on six hits and six walks in just four innings of work this spring before taking time off due to the shoulder issue.
Their ERA in Grapefruit League play was 11.25.
Berry hit .333 (9-for-27) and was believed to have an outside shot at making the Tigers based on their speed. They had seven RBIs and two steals for the Tigers this spring.
Ciriaco hit .333 (6-for-18) with four RBIs. Strieby hit .286 (8-for-28), while Diaz was 4-for-18 (.222).
Bootcheck had a 1.29 ERA in seven innings spanning seven games for the Tigers.
Learn Chinese for free online. Download free audio lessons to your computer or mp3 player and start learning Chinese instantly.
Real Chinese – Web Site
Presented by the BBC. A lively introduction to Mandarin Chinese in 10 short parts with video clips from the Real Chinese TV series.
Beginner's Chinese – iTunes Free
Introductory audio lessons provided by the Open University.
Chinese Basic – Web
A web-application developed by the University of Cambridge Language Centre for basic level students of Chinese. It focuses on listening and reading skill but it also includes many activities that help learners prepare for speaking and writing. Note that you can also download Intermediate Chinese here.
Chinese Learn Online – iTunes Free – Feed
A dialogue-based introduction to Mandarin Chinese. Load the lessons on your mp3 player and get up the Chinese curve.
Chinese Lessons with Serge Melnyk – iTunes Free –Feed
Weekly lessons in Mandarin that get very strong reviews from iTunes users..
Chinesepod.com iTunes Free –Feed
A series of well-reviewed lessons that will let you learn Mandarin on your own terms.
CSLPod – iTunes Free –Feed
Here, native Mandarin speakers teach you Chinese as a second language. Audio and transcripts are available on the website. The lessons also place an emphasis on understanding Chinese culture.
Foreign Service Institute Basic Cantonese – Web site
Two textbooks (PDF) and 30 audio lessons (MP3).
Foreign Service Institute Standard Chinese: A Modular Approach – Web site
Designed to give a practical command of spoken standard Chinese with nine situational modules. Each module consists of tapes (MP3), a student textbook (PDF), and a workbook. In addition to the core modules, there is a resource module and eight optional modules.
iMandarinPod.com – iTunes Free –Feed
This series of lessons teaches Chinese by talking about Chinese culture or what is happening today in China. More advanced than others.
Mandarin Chinese – Feed – Web Site
10 Lessons by the US Peace Corps. Make sure you visit the site and download the pdf that accompanies the lessons.
Mandarin Chinese Characters – iTunes Free
Created by Emory University, this series of video lessons will help you draw several characters and numbers.
Mandarin in China – Web Site
Lessons courtesy of the US Peace Corps
News in Slow Chinese – iTunes Free – Web Site
Designed for intermediate Mandarin speakers. Improve your language skills by listening to world news delivered in slowly spoken words.
Numbers and Radicals – iTunes Free
Emory University teaches you the proper form for writing numbers and radicals. In Video.
One Minute Mandarin – iTunes Free – Feed
A quick way to cover the very basics…
Popup Chinese – iTunes Free – Feed
Offers lessons for beginners and also students at intermediate and advanced levels. In addition to language lessons, Popup Chinese provides annotated short stories, HSK test prep materials and a variety of speaking and listening exercises. They broadcast out of Beijing, and all voice actors speak the standard northern dialect.
Survival Chinese – iTunes Free – Feed
Learn the phrases you need to get by while traveling in China.
World Learner Chinese – iTunes Free – Feed
Another in the mix of possibilities.
The Patriots appear to have lost Kevin Faulk to an ACL injury. (PHOTO:Icon/SMI)
Patriots runningback Kevin Faulk took quite a shot which knocked them out of the game during the fourth quarter of Sunday's 28-14 loss to the New York Jets, and apparently two days later the news isn't good.Ian Rapoport of The Boston Herald reported on Tuesday that Faulk has suffered a torn ACL , which will likely sideline them for quite some time.As of Tuesday the team has yet to announce a roster move, but one would have to believe the prognosis for the 34-year old veteran can't be very good. At Faulk's age while anything is possible, it's asking a lot for them to recover in time to come back before the end of the season.Even Wes Welker, who was injured back on January 3rd of this year, needed six months to get back in time to be healthy enough for contact. Welker started training camp on the active PUP list at the start of training camp and it took a while before they were finally ready to start taking hits.To make matters worse Welker's injury happened on a non-contact play. Faulk was hit hard as they had their legs swept out from underneath him, so while we don't know officially the severity of their injury - it definitely didn't look good.Needless to say even with a "best case scenario" outlook - it's doubtful that Faulk is going to be able to exceed the miracle return we saw from Welker.Sadly it looks like New England just took a big blow offensively as one would have to believe he's likely lost for 2010. At this point all we can hope for at their age is that he's able to come back and perform at a high level next season.
Three construction workers were seriously hurt in an explosion at a Bronx high school that was so powerful it shook neighbors' homes and startled residents, who thought they were experiencing an earthquake. Brynn Gingras reports (Published Thursday, Aug. 20, 2015)
Three construction workers were seriously hurt in an explosion at a Bronx high school that was so powerful it shook neighbors' homes and startled residents, who thought they were experiencing an earthquake.
"This was a very troubling evening for residents here in Marble Hill," Mayor de Blasio said at a news conference at John F. Kennedy High School Thursday night, describing a "shocking scene."
De Blasio said the injured workers had "very serious burns" and were being treated at local hospitals.
FDNY firefighters swarmed the school after getting the call at about 8 p.m. Crews were working on a gas line when the explosion occurred on the sixth floor of the building, according to police and Con Edison, but the utility says it's determined that it was not a gas explosion.
3 Hurt, 1 Critically After Explosion at JFK High School
Three construction workers were seriously hurt in an explosion at a Bronx high school that was so powerful it shook neighbors' homes and startled residents, who thought they were experiencing an earthquake. Checkey Beckford reports. (Published Friday, Aug. 21, 2015)
De Blasio said authorities will be investigating to determine what caused the blast.
FDNY Commissioner Daniel Nigro said building engineers and other authorities will also be assessing the structural integrity of the building to determine if it's safe to occupy. For now, it appears, that although the building has been seriously damaged, the structural damage is limited.
The mayor said the engineers' assessment will determine whether part or all of the building can reopen in time for the new school year, set to start Sept. 9.
The workers had been privately contracted by the New York City Schools Construction Authority as part of a project to build science labs on the sixth floor of the building, the mayor said. The SCA had frequently worked with the unidentified contractor, who de Blasio said "had a great reputation."
Some custodians who were on break in the building at the time told NBC 4 New York they were just getting ready to return to work when they felt the blast.
"I thought it was a bomb, the way we felt it, it was just crazy," said Addae Hicks.
Explosion Rocks Bronx School
Firefighters rushed to John F. Kennedy High School in the Bronx Thursday evening after an explosion there rocked the neighborhood and hurt three workers. (Published Thursday, Aug. 20, 2015)
Colleague Jason Osorio said they heard the explosion, saw a quick flash, "and then the alarms went off 5 seconds after."
Neighbor Larissa Alvarado, who lives next to the school on East 228th Street, said "the whole house shook completely. I thought the whole house was going to fall down. It was really, really scary."
Another neighbor, Christina Pineles, said it felt like an earthquake. Them building was "shaking, like it was going to collapse."
Around 1,300 students in ninth through 12th grades attend JFK High School, according to the city's schools website, but de Blasio said the building actually houses eight schools with a total of 4,000 students.
Congressman Eliot L. Engel released a statement thanking first responders and the Con Edison crews that were on scene investigating.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the three people injured in tonight's terrible accident at John F. Kennedy High School," they said in the statement. "As frightening and horrific as this explosion was, the fact that we are only a few short weeks away from students returning to the campus for the school year makes the incident even more terrifying."
The media in the United States is beginning to ramp up the fear quotient as ISIS moves closer to overtaking Baghdad and northern Iraq.
Following remarks over the weekend by the infamous neocon from South Carolina, Senator Lindsey Graham, that the United States faces it next 9/11 at the hands of the well-organized and armed (courtesy Saudi Arabia and the CIA) ISIS terror group, CBS News today asks if the group will plan a “9/11-style” terror attack in the U.S.
“The seeds of 9/11s are being planted all over Iraq and Syria,” Graham warned on Face the Nation. “They want an Islamic caliphate that runs through Syria and Iraq… and they plan to drive us out of the Mideast by attacking us here at home.”
Graham: Iraq and Syria present direct threat to U.S. homeland.
“You've got motivation mixed with opportunity, ideology and foreign fighters and all of that looks like a very extreme version of Afghanistan in the '90s, plus what was happening in Iraq after the Iraq war,” said CBS News National Security Analyst Juan Zarate. “This is a cauldron of future terrorist threats to the west.”
If we are to accurately weigh this commentary, we will need to look at Mr. Zarate's background. They run the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a think tank rife over the years with a rotating roster of insiders, including Zbigniew Brzezinski, Henry Kissinger, the neocon Michael Ledeen, Admiral Thomas Moorer, and others. It is funded in part by the billionaire heir to the Mellon family, Richard Scaife, who has murky connections to the CIA. Zarate's organization also has connections to the Ford Foundation, which may as well be a branch office of the CIA.
It should, of course, come of no surprise that CBS – a key asset of Operation Mockingbird, the CIA's takeover of corporate media spanning more than 60 years – has trotted out an “analyst” warning of scary attacks on the homeland.
Another Mockingbird alphabet propaganda outfit, ABC News, recently featured Ret. Gen. Peter Chiarelli, who said “all Americans should be concerned” by ISIS in Iraq.
Meanwhile, over on the “right” side of the dial, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers took to Fox News and warned America about ISIS bad guys.
“I guarantee you: this is a problem that we will have to face and we're either going to face it in New York City or we're going to face it here,” they said, trying to sound prophetic.
“These are not monkey bar terrorists out in the desert somewhere planning some very low-level attack. These are sophisticated, command and controlled, seasoned combat veterans who understand the value of terrorism operations external to the region, meaning Europe and the United States. That is about as dangerous a recipe as you can put together,” they added.
CNN joined the discussion. It characterized ISIS as a sort of radical Muslim “foreign legion” and said intelligence agencies are abuzz over the success of the group in Iraq.
“A senior U.S. official, who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity, said last week that events in Syria and Iraq are dominating discussions in the counter-terrorism community,” CNN, the former home of the Army's Fourth Psychological Operations Group, reported. “The official said ISIS was now focused on Iraq, but “the big concern” was that it will shift its attention to the West — identifying, recruiting and training Western individuals to return to their homelands as hardened, combat-trained extremists.”
CNN cited FBI boss James Corney, who said last month: “There's going to be a diaspora out of Syria at some point, and we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11.”
Aaron Zelin, who is a fellow at the Democrat version of a neocon organization, the Washington Center for Near East Policy (which is a spin-off the American Israel Public Affairs Committee), estimates that almost 3,000 European citizens have travelled to fight in Syria.
“If the group can retain even a few of its spectacular gains in Iraq, adding to the northern parts of Syria it already controls, the flow of foreign fighters from the Arab world and the West will likely be turbo-charged. ISIS has already proved adept at releasing a string of propaganda videos featuring foreign fighters,” CNN reports.
It is also apparently adept at frightening untutored Americans with a raft of scary beheading and mass execution videos now making the rounds at Youtube.
Brooke Goldstein: Syrian-trained jihadists “now coming home.”
If anything is “turbo-charged,” it is the latest phase of the war on terror, scheduled to last generations, if not forever (or at least until the United States implodes under the weight of its own contradictions and debt).
As Infowars.com has documented for more than a decade, the war on terror is in fact a contrived event designed to level nations through “creative destruction” and establish a high-tech surveillance police state at home.
ISIS, as we have shown, was engineered by the CIA, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey. It is based on a template used in Afghanistan to take down the Soviet Union, as the globalist operative Zbigniew Brzezinski has readily admitted. The Afghan Mujahideen became the Taliban and al-Qaeda and, over the last two years, al-Qaeda morphed into a more ominous and darkly menacing threat operating strategically in the Middle East, Asia and Africa.
ISIS, al-Shabaab, al-Nusra, Boko Haram, etc., these are not coincidentally formed terror organizations. They are the shock troops of the New World Order.
Photo Credit: [email protected]
Prior to the 2016 presidential election, I would bet that most people shared my mental image of the modern-day neo-Nazi movement: a hodgepodge of tatted-up skinheads, gun-toting militiamen, hooded Ku Klux Klan members, and miscellaneous bloodthirsty Turner Diaries cosplayers. While those people still exist, an offshoot of the movement—which calls itself the alternative right, or alt-right for short—has disguised itself in urban chic.
Now, the hardcore reactionaries I've met more closely resemble Mike Peinovich—or Mike Enoch, as he's known in far-right circles—the chubby, preppy, thirtysomething founder of white nationalist website The Right Stuff and co-host of the Daily Shoah podcast.
On a recent April day, Enoch, a New York City–based web developer, stood outside of the White House among dozens of like-minded white nationalists. He'd come to the city to help lead a right-wing “anti-war” rally against Trump's recent action in Syria. Dressed in a wasp-y vest and gingham shirt with their sunglasses perched on their head, Enoch blended in nicely with the youthful fascists who have become ubiquitous in the bizarro world of Trumpland. Like many other millennials of their ideology, Enoch began as a conservative libertarian before finding their way to white nationalism. By Enoch's account, he's also a card-carrying pacifist. “I have been anti-war my whole political life,” they told me. “It's the thing that got me interested in politics, when the Iraq War was starting, the opposition to George W. Bush's war.”
They were joined by another libertarian-turned-alt-right-leader, National Policy Institute director and handsome boy of the right, Richard Spencer. Spencer gained notoriety by riding the coattails of the Trump movement, but the honeymoon has apparently ended. Spencer led chants for most of the rally, while one of their websites, AltRight.com, co-sponsored the protest with The Right Stuff.
As I talked with Enoch, about two dozen young men with neatly trimmed Hitler Youth–style haircuts, red “Make America Great Again” hats, and signs featuring Trump's old tweets about Syria began chanting at a crowd of antifa (or anti-fascist) protesters. Enoch had become visibly annoyed with the proceedings. They aren't here to clash with leftists—he was here to get the White House's attention and show their opposition to “neoconservative wars … wars for Israel, and … Jewish control of the United States foreign policy.”
The “Jewish question,” as they refer to it (a phrase with direct Nazi roots), was a common theme among the other alt-right demonstrators I spoke with that day, though it wasn't exactly clear why. Many believed that the air strikes came due to pressure from “the Israel lobby” and unnamed “neoconservatives.” (Kevin MacDonald, one of the alt-right's most influential intellectuals, argues that neoconservatism is a “Jewish movement” meant to protect and benefit Jews at the expense of other groups.) Other protesters vaguely cast blame on Jared Kushner, Trump's adviser and son-in-law, who is Jewish.
Neo-Nazis in America are used to not getting what they want, but they expected better from Trump.
Support for Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad—whose forces have been responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of their own people in the Syrian civil war—was strong, too. Speaking at the rally, Spencer implored Trump to pursue peaceful relations with Assad, whom they called “the rightful leader of Syria” and lauded as “a secular person, a person of strength and stability.” Assad “might not be perfect,” Spencer admitted, “but the world isn't perfect.”
Despite their stated distaste for foreign interventions, alt-right figures like Enoch and Spencer are about as “anti-war” as the countless other authoritarian-minded anti-interventionists before them. From the John Birch Society during Vietnam, to the Buchananites during Iraq, to Trump, the man who just stabbed Enoch, Spencer, and their pasty followers in the collective back, the far-right's embrace of anti-war rhetoric has remained a constant. But even though the Trump administration may have fallen out of favor with its adoring alt-right followers, the two groups have a great deal in common—including their use of “anti-war” as a sales pitch rather than a principle.
The God Emperor Versus the World
Neo-Nazis in America are used to not getting what they want, but they expected better from Trump. As excited as they were about their “God Emperor,” Trump now seems to be offering them steady lip service and unsteady leadership. Although numerous white nationalist leaders made it clear early on that they knew Trump didn't have all of their interests at heart, most protest participants apparently hadn't connected the dots during their campaign, which would explain why they felt betrayed by a man whose career was built on screwing people over. Indeed, several protesters cited Trump's long-standing opposition to intervention, an issue on which they were “unwavering” and consistently “toting the line,” in the words of Raph, a thin, pale sign-holder at the rally.
Enoch was inclined to agree. “He never contradicted themselves on Syria,” they told me. “Sure, they were all over the place on a lot of things…. But we have our agenda. This is a thing they said they wouldn't do, and we supported him, and they stabbed us in the back.”
Spencer, too, was at their wit's end over Trump's flip-flop on the war. In an episode of The Daily Shoah recorded shortly after the protest, they emphasized that “This is so important—we're not talking about immigration, we're not talking about tax cuts or Neil Gorsuch.”
“I can't look at a Trump meme anymore,” Spencer despaired to their comrades.
Depressed as Spencer and Enoch may be, Trump's reversal plays perfectly into the hands of alt-right proselytizers, whose ranks are packed with the angry and disenchanted. What better proof of conspiracy than man-of-the-people Trump being coaxed into a war by their Jewish son-in-law?
Though Enoch only mentioned “Jewish control” of the body politic once, several signs proclaimed sentiments like, “We want walls not wars #FireKushner”; “Oy vey Jared! The Goyim know!”; and “>America First >Israel First Pick One,” with a crossed-out star of David.
One protester named Edward—who was clutching a sign proclaiming da goyim know—informed me that the alt-right's “skepticism” of Judaism was only rational. “They have a dual morality system,” they told me. “They think that Jews have one morality, and they practice a morality for them, and non-Jews, they practice a separate morality for them.”
Although Enoch and other alt-righters aren't ashamed of airing their anti-Semitism more provocatively—especially for closed-minded liberals like me—they have made some effort to hide its more repellent expressions when trying to woo conservatives. A clear example of this came when Spencer was filmed declaring “Heil Trump” and exchanging Nazi salutes at a conference last November. They tried to downplay the speech as “ironic” and now jokingly refers to the subsequent outcry as “Heilgate.”
To many alt-right leaders, the process of “red pilling” the masses begins by getting “normies” to start thinking seriously about “the Jewish question.” Translated from alt-right speak: preparing average conservatives for radicalization starts with getting them to see Jews as manipulative, disproportionately powerful, and inherently untrustworthy. As alt-right agitator Eli Mosley told Enoch and their co-host, Jesse Dunstan, on a recent episode of The Daily Shoah, they frequently approach conservatives at Trump rallies hoping to nudge them into the alt-right.
At one rally in Philadelphia, Mosley and others steered the crowd into chants of “Open borders for Israel!” when confronted by a group of antifa, and yelled “Are you a Jew? You must be a Jew!” at counterprotesters. When a “normie” Trump supporter asked Mosley why Jews would be opposing Christians, they carefully explained the difference between ethnic and religious Jews, then pointed them in the direction of Marching to Zion, a conspiratorial Christian documentary on the history of Judaism. Mosley also handed out “red pill cards” with a list of alt-right websites like The Right Stuff. Whether such discussions happen to be effective is unclear, but many alt-righters see them as a key part of their expansion strategy.
Peace Through Strength
Despite the warm reception Trump's Syria strikes received among many mainstream pundits, the alt-right's loose coalition has remained steadfast in its opposition to more war.
Well, at least this war.
‘I can't look at a Trump meme anymore,' Spencer despaired.
In early March, Enoch's Right Stuff blog published an article by a pseudonymous author, “Padishah Emperor Julius Ebola”—a play on the name of the late Italian far-right philosopher Julius Evola. Rather than embrace the notion of an anti-interventionist white ethno-state with closed borders—which is what Spencer and many of their followers advocate—the author lambasted the notion that such an Aryan paradise could exist peacefully with other ethnically homogenous states.
“A foreign policy based on mutual assurances of noninterference or nonaggression is rooted in weakness and built to be destroyed,” our “King Emperor” asserted. “Secession from the [international] System is never an option. It demands an all-or-nothing mindset, because either it survives or the Aryan State survives.”
In other words, they concluded, borrowing that old Latin adage: “Si vis pacem, para bellum,” or, “If you want peace, prepare for war.”
As their Right Stuff essays show, Ebola has worked tirelessly to flesh out a white nationalist foreign policy. In one, they propose the formation of a “Golden Axis,” an initiative that would encourage a hypothetical Aryan state to spread its dominion over the entirety of the Americas. Like most alt-righters, Ebola is obsessed with viewing conflicts through the lens of civilizational clashes. In a recent post, they framed the civil war in Syria as a battle between “Eurasia” (Russia, its allies, and client states) and “Zion” (the United States, Western Europe, and Israel), hinting at why many on the alt-right think intervention in Syria equates to going to war for Israel:
Zion is overtly anti-Aryan, whereas Eurasia is more oblique. Zion is the perpetrator of global White genocide and represents the combined power of the international Jew whether in Israel, America, Europe or elsewhere.
Apparently haircuts aren't the only thing that Nazis haven't changed in the last 70 years. Although today's alt-right borrows terminology from a variety of sources—including an eclectic mix of European far-right philosophers, Russian nationalist theorists, and good ol' fashioned American racists—its vision of the future continues to rely on Hitler's obsession with an eternal, animalistic, and—more importantly—violent struggle among the races.
Consider yet another Ebola article, “Manifest Destiny Means Lebensraum,” in which they glorify American frontier settlers and bemoans their negative treatment in the history books. “The most central aspect of American history,” they write, “is … the expansion of the Aryan race in the New World from a beachhead to a transcontinental empire.”
“A vast land was cleared with the hatchet and the rifle,” Ebola rejoices, “as the men of the stone age were beaten back by men of blood and iron.”
As historian Timothy Snyder has pointed out, Hitler themselves paralleled the American idea of “manifest destiny” with their own philosophy, wherein the conquest of Eastern Europe was a natural expansion for the German people to find Lebensraum (“living space”). “Germany would deal with the Slavs much as the North Americans had dealt with the Indians,” Snyder writes in Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin: “The Volga River in Russia, [Hitler] once proclaimed, will be Germany's Mississippi.”
If the alt-right were remotely anti-war, its members would be making a point to articulate their moral opposition to violence. Instead, its prescriptions—from the “peaceful ethnic cleansing” that Spencer promises, to The Right Stuff's pining for settler colonialism—are both inherently cruel and destructive. And though the alt-right may be presenting itself as an ally of anti-war activists on both the left and the right, these efforts are fooling no one. No anti-war activists worth their salt would support a candidate like Trump, who mused about using nuclear weapons on isis and flaunted their desire to “bomb the shit out of 'em.” So it's no wonder alt-right leaders mostly shrugged when U.S. forces dropped the “Mother of All Bombs” on Afghanistan just days after striking Syria.
But these contradictions are inherent in the alt-right ideology. They worship violence while portraying themselves as devoutly anti-war; they condemn U.S. interventions as neoconservative regime change, but would have no qualms reshaping their world in their own vision. It is the ultimate “have your cake and eat it, too” movement, advocating cruel and backward ideas while demanding to be taken seriously in the public square. But in the end, regardless of the alt-right's highbrow pretensions, the tenets of their “anti-war” movement are little more than Mein Kampf written in the voice of The Economist.
Trip Brennan is a writer living in Washington, D.C.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that the United States had not won an Olympic medal in men's weightlifting since 1992. The last American men to win Olympic weightlifting medals were heavyweight Guy Carlton and super heavyweight Mario Martinez, both in 1984.
C.J. Cummings, 14, broke one of the longest-standing records in USA weightlifting history. They successfully lifted 153 kilograms (337 pounds) at the USA Weightlifting Senior National Championships. The previous record was set by then 25-year-old LeGrand Sakamaki in 2002. (McKenna Ewen/The Washington Post)
C.J. Cummings, 14, broke one of the longest-standing records in USA weightlifting history. They successfully lifted 153 kilograms (337 pounds) at the USA Weightlifting Senior National Championships. The previous record was set by then 25-year-old LeGrand Sakamaki in 2002. (McKenna Ewen/The Washington Post)
The United States' best hope for its first Olympic men's weightlifting medal in three decades rolls their rugged palms around a metal bar, small clumps of chalk falling to the rubbery platform below their feet. Their legs serve as pillars as they explosively hoist more than 220 pounds over their head.
This being the final lift of their light workout, Clarence “C.J.” Cummings Jr. smiles broadly, and the gym's fluorescent lights reflect in their braces. At 5 feet 2 and 136 pounds, Cummings in many ways appears to be the blueprint of a lifter in their weight class: toned arms, ripped legs, textbook technique. He's also 14 years old, which means every prototype anyone has conceived in the sport has been blown away.
Dennis Snethen, 54, a two-time U.S. Olympic coach and member of the USA Weightlifting Hall of Fame, said recently, “In all my years I've seen talented kids but nothing like C.J.”
No one ever has, leaving everyone from scientists to coaches to the sport's officials trying — and failing — to explain how someone born in the current millennium could be doing the things he's doing.
“Yes, they work at it,” said Ray Jones, the coach at the Team Beaufort weightlifting club. “He trains hard, and they do all the things I ask them to do, but you really can't concretely say why they do what they do. They were just given a gift from God to do special things.”
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × More than worth their weight View Photos The last time an American man won a medal at the Olympics was in 1984; 14-year-old C.J. Cummings just might be the next one. Caption The last time an American man won a medal at the Olympics was in 1984; 14-year-old C.J. Cummings just might be the next one. C.J. Cummings,14, has grown up in the same house in Beaufort, S.C., and has competed in weightlifting meets in Pakistan, Peru and Uzbekistan. Stephen B. Morton/For The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
At this weekend's senior national championships in Salt Lake City, Cummings will attempt to break the American men's record in the clean and jerk for the 62-kilogram (about 137-pound) weight class. The current mark of 152.5 kilograms (roughly 336 pounds) was set in 2002 by LeGrand Sakamaki, then 25, and is one of USA Weightlifting's longest-standing records.
“Is it great if they beat the record this weekend? Absolutely,” said Phil Andrews, the director of events and programs for USA Weightlifting. “If not, he's got all the time in the world to break it. The real prize is the Olympic Games.”
The last time an American man won a medal at the Olympics was in 1984, when Guy Carlton took bronze in the heavyweight class and Mario Martinez won silver in the super heavyweight division. Cummings has their long-term sights set on the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. Their short-term focus will center on playing “Angry Birds” on their phone while they wait to be driven home from practice.
A child, a champion
Dirt-tattered aluminum cans line the grassy, gravel driveway in front of the one-story Cummings residence, crushed under the feet of C.J. and their brother, Omar, and ironed out by the wheels of their parents' gray and blue sedans. Behind the house, chickens mill around their coop on this muggy afternoon in the rural Lowcountry. Inside, a smoke alarm in apparent need of a new battery emits high-pitched beeps every couple minutes, and a broken screen door eliminates one possible source of ventilation.
Savasha Cummings and their boys huddle at the dining room table, giggling over old pictures in albums and folders on their laptop. Even after watching them tear through a bucket of takeout chicken, Savasha can't understand how C.J. and Omar, 15, have filled out so fast in the past four years. Recalling the demise of that screen door, Savasha remembers their sons being more remarkable for their speed than their strength.
“C.J. was running from me one day. They did something. Oh, they did something,” Savasha said, smiling. “He ran through the screen and the deck wasn't there yet, but they landed on their feet and kept running. I'm like, ‘You tear my screen down! Come back here!' They had some speed!”
Power, too. The combination made Cummings arguably the most feared running back in their Beaufort County youth football league, garnering rows of trophies that now rest in front of the fireplace, on the shelves and along tables throughout the living room.
Weightlifting was supposed to be a means, not an end, to developing Cummings's athletic prowess, much in the same way it had been for their older sister, Crystal, who joined Jones's Olympic weightlifting class as a 9-year-old at St. Helena Elementary.
“When me and my brother first did it, we had fun because we had never done it before, and it's still fun now,” C.J. said. “I used to play football and I still like it, but I like lifting more. It's exciting for me.”
Competitive Olympic weightlifting is as much, if not more, about proper form and technique as it is about brute strength. The clean and jerk, one of the two disciplines contested in the Olympics, consists of two movements: the lifter first bringing the bar from the floor to chest level and next extending it above their head until their arms are straight.
Jones first remembers C.J. coming by the weight room in diapers, riding around the gym on the back of Jones's 100-plus-pound dog. But in 2010, when C.J. tagged along with Crystal for one of their practices with Team Beaufort, the still diminutive 10-year-old was ready to work — sort of.
“He went up there, forgot to tuck their fingers and put their feet the wrong way,” recalled Crystal, now 26, while sitting on a brown couch at the Cummings's home. “He was just all over the place. Plates flying. At first I didn't think they were going to like it because C.J. gets bored very easy . . .”
Crystal tries to continue their story but glances over at C.J., who is making a funny face that sends them into a fit of laughter.
“See, he's so annoying,” they say, their daughter playing on the floor nearby. “He's a typical, annoying little brother. But that's my guy.”
From their coaches to their family members, virtually everyone around C.J. seeks a balance between preserving their childhood and nurturing their enormous potential. When he's not preparing for competitions in Uzbekistan, Peru and Russia — trips financed through a combination of community fundraising and stipends from USA Weightlifting — they have to attend to their household chores, including feeding the chickens.
“It starts with Coach Ray because they control a lot of it and makes sure they don't put more on the body than the body can handle,” said Clarence Sr., who was initially wary of their son getting into weightlifting. “C.J. never really shows emotion on anything. He's consistent. I try to control the big head if it gets that way, but they do the rest. They like playing video games, eating pizza, just being a kid.”
Hard to believe
Cummings's extraordinary achievements divide skeptics into two camps: those convinced they couldn't be doing such things and those convinced they shouldn't be.
The latter group echoes decades-old concerns that children and adolescents who lift weights risk damaging their growth plates, resulting in short stature and a lack of testosterone. But a 2009 study done by the National Strength and Conditioning Association found “there is no evidence to suggest that resistance training will negatively impact growth and maturation.”
As with any sport, injury risks increase with a lack of proper instruction and supervision. In the case of weightlifting, that pertains particularly to a slow, steady and monitored rate of progression.
In Cummings's case, that progression has been so extraordinary, some find it hard to believe. About a year after their first Team Beaufort practice, an 11-year-old Cummings successfully performed a clean and jerk of 90 kilograms (roughly 198 pounds), twice their body weight. Since then they have gone on to break more than 50 youth American records and owns all the records in five age-weight categories.
“Winning the Youth Pan American title for 17 and under was big for me,” Cummings said of the May event in Peru. “I was competing against international kids from Ecuador, Mexico and Brazil, and I went against them and came out in first place. I realized I could be pretty good at it.”
After reading about one of Cummings's lifts, Bob LeFavi, a sports medicine professor at Armstrong State University in Georgia who also coaches the Team Savannah weightlifting club, was convinced the publication had made a typographical error. No way had someone that young had done that.
Then LeFavi watched Cummings lift in person, leading them to invite Cummings to their school's Biodynamics and Human Performance Lab Center for testing. With 10 high-speed cameras zeroed in on Cummings and motion sensors attached to their body, LeFavi and their team examined their technique, trajectory and power. After studying the few photos in which the camera was fast enough to catch up with Cummings and the bar, LeFavi presented their findings to a packed room of coaches in June at the National Youth Championships in Daytona Beach, Fla.
“Everybody wanted to know how they could get a C.J. Cummings,” LeFavi said. “But from a structural and physiologically standpoint, we can't explain how they can withstand that much power and weight at their age. And it'd be incorrect to say he's an anomaly or rarity because that would suggest there's someone else like him, and there's not.”
Ready for liftoff
Later at that same competition, Cummings attempted to clean and jerk 153 kilograms for the first time. Donning a sleek, blue, short-sleeved USA onesie, Cummings bent over and snatched the weight onto their upward palms before slowly lifting their body back upright. After steadying themselves and the bar, Cummings pushed their left leg out and their arms high above, but just as they brought their left foot back forward, they lost control, leaving their limbs trembling under the pressure before prematurely throwing down the weight in disgust.
“When I was about to do my jerk, I punched it forward instead of putting the weight behind me, and I couldn't hold it,” Cummings said. “I guess I got kind of excited because I was so close.”
The failed lift marked the first time Cummings had ever attempted that weight. Almost never has Cummings maxed out in practice, instead doing graduated lifts between 50 and 95 percent of their current personal best.
“It's easy to think this guy is on drugs, but actually, the reality is they seldom goes for maximum lifts,” said Andrews, the USA Weightlifting official. “Most lifters do low volume with high intensity or high volume with low intensity. C.J. trains neither of those ways because of their age and development. Ray does not always let them go for the top lifts at events or in practice, despite maybe C.J. wanting them to, because of their age.”
Of the 400-plus male participants in Saturday's 62-kilogram weight class, Cummings is by far the youngest.
“I get nervous a little bit sometimes because I'm the only youth there sometimes,” Cummings said. “But the main thing going through my mind is staying focused and listening to Coach Ray.”
This weekend, he'll take another shot at the elusive 153. Beyond that, their potential is limited only by what can be imagined.
“Most men peak around 25, 26, so he's really still a beginner,” Snethen said. “Will they go on to be the best ever? The verdict is still out. But I've seen blue-chip prospects in lifting and other sports, like Herschel Walker and [Shaquille O'Neal]. He's like those guys, so you know, unless something happens, there's no way this kid won't be great.”
A staffer thrusts open the glass doors of the San Francisco Public Library's Mission Bay branch, rushes toward the bike racks, and pleads with a commuter who works in a nearby office building not to park their bike there; it's for library customers only. Parking meters and signposts near City Hall, courthouses, and other public buildings are festooned daily with locked-up bikes, because the bike racks there are always full.
This city may be suffering a budget crunch, but this shortage of waist-high, upside-down steel Us isn't for lack of funding.
During the past four years, the number of cyclists on San Francisco streets has increased by more than 40 percent, yet the city has been prevented from installing amenities for cyclists thanks to the legal efforts of a local gadfly.
Rob Anderson, a self-described dishwasher from Mendocino County, has gained notoriety for suing the city in 2005 to force it to conduct an environmental impact study before implementing its proposed bike plan, which called for taking away parking spaces and car lanes to make room for bike lanes. The suit was filed by attorney Mary Miles, a friend of Anderson's from their days contributing to the Anderson Valley Advertiser, a caustic Northern California weekly owned by their brother. Anderson and Miles made the novel argument that bikes are bad for the environment because they get in the way of automobiles, which must then idle and emit more smog.
A judge agreed that San Francisco city leaders had flouted California environmental law by forgoing environmental review. And they slapped the city with a punitive-seeming injunction, forbidding bicycle-related improvements, even ones that don't take away space from cars, such as bike racks.
Since then, Anderson has used the judge's ruling to tirelessly share their view that bike lanes are a plot by extremists bent on harming ordinary Americans' way of life. The Wall Street Journal even did a story on their unusual crusade last year, in which they railed against the city's "bike fanatics." "The behavior of the bike people on city streets is always annoying," they told the Journal. "This 'Get out of my way, I'm not burning fossil fuels.'" (The story also noted that Anderson themselves hasn't owned a car for 20 years.) They also regularly catalogues their complaints about the bike nuts on their blog. "These people are arrogant crackpots determined to screw up our traffic based on a juvenile vision of the future of San Francisco," they wrote on May 14.
But as the end of the long road toward accommodating Anderson's lawsuit nears, and the Municipal Transportation Agency board awaits a June 26 vote to approve 34 miles of new bike lanes, new bike racks, and other amenities — and the city's Planning Commission awaits a scheduled hearing to consider the environmental study Anderson demanded — it's beginning to seem that nobody will have done more to advance the "juvenile vision" of giving more space to bicyclists than Anderson himself.
Bureaucrats, advocates, and local policy wonks say bicyclists' rights have progressed more thanks to Anderson's suit than they would have without it.
Anderson's lawsuit "increased the resources the MTA put into the bike plan, the traffic analysis, and the outreach, by a factor of three at least," said Dave Snyder, transportation policy coordinator at San Francisco Planning and Urban Research, a private smart-growth think tank. "It encouraged them to consider all of the bike lanes as a package, and introduce them and get them approved as a package, which is way more efficient than what they planned to do" before Anderson's lawsuit.
Under California environmental law, projects must be studied and approved in their entirety. But under the original 2005 plan, city leaders had intended to add individual bike lanes incrementally, striping a bike lane here, adding a few racks there, until a network fell into place. That's an impractical way to construct a transportation system: Imagine the chaos that would ensue if the street changes needed to accommodate a light-rail line were added piecemeal.
But Anderson's lawsuit has fixed that. It has forced the city to make a detailed, highly engineered project out of a bike plan that five years ago was, comparatively speaking at least, more of an empty political gesture.
Because of the lawsuit and the injunction that followed, multiple city bureaucracies were forced to undertake the challenge of engineering 56 separate projects all at once. This meant assigning planners, engineers, scientists, and other specialists to measure bike lanes' effects on traffic, rejigger plans where appropriate, and then present results at countless community meetings and public hearings. Environmental law also requires planners to integrate public comment into their final product, and city staff has undertaken months of campaigning to apprise merchants and community members of the plan, and in some cases make changes to accommodate complaints.
A few years ago, I cursed Anderson — who has often dismissed me as a bike nut — for ruining what I thought was a good thing. So today, I come not to bury Anderson in their crazed logic, but to praise him.
Anderson's lawsuit and their caustic polemics have infuriated environmentalists, but they've also engendered some public sympathy. That's because within Anderson's ravings is a kernel of truth. A minority of San Francisco bicyclists are, dare I say it, fanatical.
Yet this, too, is a bicycling problem Anderson's lawsuit seems poised to help fix.
Since 1997, when much of the local police force was diverted to crack down on a law-breaking Critical Mass ride, some San Franciscans have regarded cyclists as an offensive fringe group. This is true in part simply because some motorists find it irksome to have to slow down for them on narrow city streets. But it's also because some people have taken to cycling as a form of activism or counterculturalism, rather than what ordinary bike commuters like myself consider it to be: merely a healthy, efficient, enjoyable, and cheap way to get to work, take my kids to school, cart the family to the ocean in the evenings, and ride to Marin County on the weekend.
As with other types of activism in San Francisco, the radical bicycle vanguard has a reputation for smugness, lawlessness, and a confrontational attitude — kind of like someone who quits cigarettes, then makes a commotion every time they enter a smoky room.
Mainstream environmentalists have taken pains to distance themselves from tree-spiking Earth Firsters. Advocates for AIDS patients long ago shunned the radical wing of Act Up. As I've noted before, mainstream bicycle advocacy has up until now failed to perform the necessary heavy lifting of shunning its radical fringe.
Critical Mass, a monthly cyclists' parade that occasionally disintegrates into red-light-running chaos, is listed on the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition's calendar of events, albeit with the disingenuous caveat that the "ride is not organized nor endorsed by the SFBC."
"We are better than motorists, by every important measure," one cyclist-convert recently wrote in a local political pamphlet, apparently unaware that most adult cyclists are motorists, too. They thoughtfully added: "Maybe you've seen me around town — and if so, maybe you've seen me blow through stop signs or red lights."
While bicyclists themselves have failed to suppress this unhelpful element, the comprehensive bike plan necessitated by Rob Anderson's suit has pushed bicycle advocacy in this direction.
That's because it's not purple-haired fixie-riders who've been meeting with merchants and neighborhood groups, but city staffers in suits. These are diplomacy-minded bureaucrats interested in taking all views into account — as required by the California environmental review process.
The results of this middle-of-the-road approach show up in the final product. One-quarter of the plan's stated goals involve corralling the law-breaking impulses of yahoos such as the asupervisorstioned pamphleteer. The plan calls for bicycle safety education, and, more importantly, "improving bicycle safety through targeted enforcement." That's right: ticketing law-breaker cyclists as well as scofflaw motorists.
The plan calls for working with police to put a high priority on "motorist and bicyclist violations." And it even calls for working with police and the courts to create bicycle traffic school, for wingnuts who might think it's okay to blow through red lights.
The long-delayed bike plan is expected to be presented to the MTA board at the end of next month. Timothy Papandreou, assistant deputy director of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Authority, says they are confident that all 34 miles of proposed bike lanes and other improvements will be approved.
"My staff have been working day and night," Papandreou said. "I think what we're seeing is an example of a big cultural change in San Francisco."
If the Planning Commission votes to certify the court-ordered environmental study, the city attorney's office will take it before a judge, who, if all goes well, will lift the injunction. The city plans to spend between $3 million and $4 million next year on bike improvements, with a total of $14 million to be spent on the entire plan. That's a cheap way to get more types of traffic moving in the city.
Thanks to cranky bike-hater Rob Anderson, San Francisco could become one of America's most bike-friendly cities. For this I hope they always feel the wind at their back, and that their roads go downhill.
Two-time Le Mans winner Timo Bernhard says he'll continue to race with Porsche next year, following the termination of the German marque's LMP1 Hybrid effort at the end of the current FIA WEC season.
“I will definitely continue driving, there's no question about it. I will remain with Porsche as a factory driver. Which programme? I don't know.”
“The thing is, we're really busy with the final races, but I need to plan ahead. By the end of the year I should know. I'm going through the first talks now. The important signal for me that I'm going to stay with Porsche as a factory driver.”
However, the 36-year-old German told DSC that they will dedicate more time to their GT3 outfit Team75 Bernhard. The team, which enjoyed a superb Spa 24 Hours debut this year, finishing fourth, currently races in the ADAC GT Masters series, which Bernhard thinks is a sensible championship to continue developing the team.
Run by them and their father, Bernhard's team is still relatively young, in its second year of GT3 competition after competing in the Porsche Super Cup.
“My team will play a role in this, it has good potential, it will be interesting for me in the future,” they explained. “The news coming out about LMP1 gives me the chance to be more involved with my team.
“I will plan what we will do next year in small steps, we are looking to continue to go GT Masters, it's one of the best national GT championships. And then, the addition is 24 hour races, we'd like to do more like Spa.”
Despite the team's potential, and Bernhard's aspiration for it in the future, they believe that next year would be too early to go racing with it in GTE. Porsche will be selling six of its new 911 RSRs to customers next year, with five of them already accounted for by Proton Competition and Gulf Racing. The sixth one, Bernhard confirmed, is not set to be his.
“GTE? It's too early for that,” they said. “It's step by step. We started in Carrera Cup Germany, and we're moving up. You have to be careful how you use your resources. After Spa we've had a lot of offers and opportunities from drivers and other programmes to do other championships. But the thing is, it's all about experience.
“I don't want to over-stress the team.”
A coalition of groups plans to block access to some 26 United States-Mexico border crossings beginning September 20 to protest American immigration and other policies.
Shut Down All Ports is a protest that will attempt to shut down the border “until our goals are met,” says a message on the coalition's website. It wants to see a “permanent and legitimate” solution for dealing with illegal immigration and the blockades will remain in place until that and nine other issues are addressed.
Those nine range from freeing a U.S. Marine being held in a Mexican jail to deporting all illegal aliens.
Coalition spokesperson and organizer Rob Chupp said protesters will use vehicles to block access to border crossings in both directions 24 hours a day. They said more than 1,000 people will be involved, representing groups such as Secure Our Borders, California Coalition for Immigration Reform and American Border Patrol, and civil militia groups such as Patriots and Oathkeepers.
The shutdown will prevent the movement of US $1.4 billion per day between the two countries, Chupp said.
Heading the list of “non-negotiable” goals is the immediate release of Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi, the Marine who was arrested March 31 after crossing the border with firearms in their possession.
Other demands include sealing the border with an electric fence and razor wire, allowing border patrol officers to detain and remove illegal aliens, that Mexico pay 50% of border control enforcement costs and immediate deportation of all illegal aliens.
The protest action will affect about half of the 47 international crossing points.
Meanwhile, authorities in Texas issued a warning to law enforcement agencies that Islamic State militants were showing “growing interest” in crossing the border to initiate a terrorist attack, according to Fox News.
The report said the Texas Department of Public Safety warned on Thursday that social media messaging by the recently-formed Islamic State in the Middle East indicated increased interest in using the Mexico-U.S. border to enter the country.
The information appears to have originated from the political watchdog group Judicial Watch, which warns on its website of an “imminent terrorist attack,” and that Islamic terrorist groups are operating in the Mexican city of Ciudad Juárez.
The Ciudad Juárez newspaper El Diario reported that federal authorities in the U.S. said there was no evidence of any attack being planned, while Mexican authorities dismissed the suggestion that terrorists were gathering in the Mexican city.
Sources: Excélsior (sp), El Diario (sp), Fox News (en)
Mr Sarkozy said the 35-hour week hampered France's competitiveness
France's parliament has passed a law which effectively ends the country's compulsory 35-hour working week.
The new law will allow companies to strike individual deals with unions on working hours and overtime.
Since coming into office last year, President Nicolas Sarkozy has blamed the 35-hour week for damaging France's economic competitiveness.
Introduced 10 years ago by the then Socialist government, polls show most French still support the 35-hour week.
Aimed at cutting unemployment, it was credited with creating some 350,000 new jobs between 1998 and 2002 - but the state had to provide billions of euros in aid.
Mr Sarkozy, analysts say, has been careful not to do away with the popular 35-hour working week completely.
'Pandora's box'
The new measures - which allow individual firms to agree a maximum number of working days, overtime and time off in lieu directly with staff - are expected to come into force at the end of August.
"Companies will at last be able to operate a management policy based on a secure legal framework, it's a remarkable advance for the economy," said Daniele Giazzi of the governing UMP party.
In the big companies, no-one wants to renegotiate the 35-hours and re-open Pandora's Box
Union leader Philippe Jaeger
Getting the French to work
Having been approved earlier this month by the National Assembly - France's lower house of parliament - the measures passed a vote in the Senate, the upper house, late on Wednesday.
The bill was supported by the Senate's centre-right majority but opposed by the opposition Socialists.
The Senate also adopted other key measures reforming rules on strikes and unemployment benefits, tightening up the criteria for receiving them.
Unions say the new measures will mainly affect smaller and medium-sized firms.
"In the big companies, no-one wants to renegotiate the 35 hours and reopen Pandora's Box," said Philippe Jaeger, of managers' union CFE-CGC.
Share This
ANDY MATSKO / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Stephen Karinch, 9, of Pottsville, talks Sunday about donations they are making with their birthday money. They donated $70 to Lehigh-Valley Hospital-Schuylkill and plans to donate a gift to the local Toys for Tots drive. Andy Matsko/Staff Photographer Stephen Karinch, 9, of Pottsville, talks about their donating money on Sunday, October 29, 2017. They received $195 earlier at an event at rotary field recently for their birthday. They donated $35 to help those with cancer and $30 to buy coloring books for sick children. They spent some of their birthday money, but they are also donating money for toys for tots.
POTTSVILLE — A Pottsville boy does not have to be told the Golden Rule because they practice it.
Stephen George Karinch, who celebrated their 9th birthday Sunday, thinks of others before themselves and treats others the way they would want to be treated. They displayed this generosity and kindness of heart recently by donating $70 of their $195 in birthday money to Lehigh Valley Hospital-Schuylkill. They plan to donate more money in the form of a gift to the local Toys for Tots drive.
They wrote two cards to the hospital telling them of their desire to donate. The cards simply say the donation for the children in the hospital came from their birthday money.
Stephen didn't have much to say Sunday when asked why they decided to donate, except they would want someone to help them if they needed it.
This is not the first time they have helped others. In 2015, Stephen and some friends had a lemonade stand and donated the money to the hospital.
Stephen's mother, Kim Cromyak, is proud of their son. They said the kindness their son shows proves that “even at an early age, you can make a difference.”
Their father, Steve Karinch, Pottsville assistant fire chief, is also proud of their son.
“It's always good to help other people. A little generosity goes a long way,” they said
M. Michael Peckman, director of marketing and public affairs for Lehigh Valley Health Network, said they appreciate the thoughtfulness. The $35 donation will go to the Lehigh Valley Hospital-Schuylkill Auxiliary for cancer-related efforts, while the other money will go toward coloring books for sick children. Peckman said William J. Reppy, LVH-Schuylkill president, was “thrilled” about the donation and will send a thank-you card.
Peckman said the donation goes to show even small acts of kindness can change a life.
Peckman said they would tell Stephen, “Thank you and keep up the good work.”
Contact the writer: ; 570-628-6028
This is circulating trading desks via email:
SING TO THE TUNE OF 'BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY' BY QUEEN
Is this the real price?
Is this just fantasy?
Financial landslide
No escape from reality
Open your eyes
And look at your buys and see.
I'm now a poor boy (poor boy)
High-yielding casualty
Because I bought it high, watched it blow
Rating high, value low
Any way the Fed goes
Doesn't really matter to me, to me
Mama - just killed my fund
Quoted CDO's instead
Pulled the trigger, now it's dead
Mama - I had just begun
These CDO's have blown it all away
Mama - oooh-hoo-ooo
I still wanna buy
I sometimes wish I'd never left Goldman at all.
(guitar solo)
~~~
I see a little silhouette of a Fed
Bernanke! Bernanke! Can you save the whole market?
Monolines and munis - very very frightening me!
Super senior, super senior
Super senior CDO - magnifico
I'm long of subprime, nobody loves me
He's long of subprime CDO fantasy
Spare the margin call you monstrous PB!
Easy come easy go, will you let me go?
Peloton! No - we will not let you go - let them go
Peloton! We will not let you go
(let them go !)
Peloton! We will not let you go - let me go
Will not let you go
let me go (never) Never let you go - let me go Never let me go – ooo
No, no, no, no, No, NO, NO ! -
Oh mama mia, mama mia, mama mia let me go
S&P had the devil put aside
for me
For me, for me, for me
~~~
So you think you can fund me and spit in my eye?
And then margin call me and leave me to die Oh PB - can't do this to me
Just gotta get out - just gotta get right outta here
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah
No price really matters
No liquidity
Nothing really matters - no price really matters to me
Any way the Fed goes.....
General Electric's armament division struck it big when it brought Gatling guns back in the late 1950s. The company hoped it could sell different models for almost every conceivable mission.
So less than a decade after introducing the iconic Minigun, the Vermont-based defense contractor developed yet another multiple-barrel light machine gun. The designers expected the new “Microgun” to be an popular alternative to traditional infantry weapons.
But the new weapon quickly became the black sheep of the gun family.
“The effectiveness of a lightweight, small-caliber, high rate-of-fire aircraft machine gun has been proven in Vietnam,” a sales brochure notes. “In an effort to further extend the effectiveness of such weapons and systems, General Electric Company … funded design and development program of a 5.56-millimeter Minigun.”
The gun weighed 28 pounds with an integral electric motor—only three pounds more than the Minigun all by itself. And the Microgun was fewer than 30 inches long, making it shorter than an M-16 rifle.
On top of that, the new machine gun used the same 5.56-millimeter ammunition as that weapon. G.E. touted this as a major selling point.
“[The Microgun has the] the lowest cost per round fired because of the inherently lower cost of the 5.56-millimeter round,” the promotional literature boasts. “The … round is a standard stock item in the services.”
Otherwise, the machine gun functioned just like its larger brethren. The designs were based on work Richard Gatling had done almost a century before.
Gatling patented their rapid-firing gun in 1862 and experimented with electric power 30 years later. G.E. revived the idea with modern technology and materials after World War II.
**Author's note: The day of the shootings, I posted a version of this letter on my Facebook wall. I was flooded with responses from others across the world who connected with the message, so decided to reach out to the elephant community as well.
May it be of benefit.
Be careful, son.
I had a flood of emotions upon hearing of the shootings in Orlando. My heart goes out to everyone there, as well as their families, friends and communities.
This is a senseless, hateful crime that defies comprehension. Along with outrage, concern and heartbreak, I had fears. Fear for the progress we have made as a society, and fears for your safety.
Why did this happen? Aren't we winning this battle? What if something happens to you?
I wanted to yell: Be careful, son! I wanted to withdraw somehow, to keep you safe; protect you. But somewhere inside of me, as your Mom, I am crystal clear this reaction is exactly what the enemy is counting on.
The only way to truly keep you safe is to not withdraw, or react with fear.
So please be careful, son. Be careful of veiled “concerns” for your safety that oddly validate and give power to hate and division. This wasn't only a crime against the LGBT community—this is an attack on all of us; our freedom to be. If I project fears that cause you to lose confidence in yourself, or subtly encourage you to hide your light under a bushel—“for your own good”—I'm not being a good mom. I'm caving into hate, and revealing remnants of my own insecurities and flawed thinking.
If I do this, it's the equivalent of saying: “Don't be too different, son. Blend in. You aren't safe to gather with friends to celebrate life and love. It's okay to be gay, son…just not too gay.”
But this is such a mixed message. On one hand, I seem to have your best interests at heart. But the underlying directive is clear: don't be you. This would be me suggesting that there's something wrong with you, and that to be safe, you must modify your life.
This is like me telling you to suppress aspects of yourself to conform and fit-in—so that you aren't hurt.
But this is wrong. It's like keeping a beautiful, talented bird in a cage, because the world is dangerous. Nothing bad happens to the bird. It's safe—I'll give you that. But the bird lives a half-life, never learning what it is capable of becoming, changing and doing. It dies useless and heartbroken with all of its gifts and talents still on the inside, and the world is robbed of its beauty and potential—its purpose.
In the end, who is the real criminal: the potentially dangerous society and what “might” happen, or the well-meaning one with the cage? Birds are meant to fly, son. And, so are you.
My greatest fear is not for your safety. My greatest fear is that this will in any way keep you from being all you are meant to be.
Do be careful, son. Be careful not to let this change one thing about you or how you go through life.
You have incredible gifts, talents and a unique purpose for your life—and to be all that you are intended to be, you must show up as the full expression of who you are. Nothing less.
You are an exceptional human being, and the world needs you.
Please be careful to not let anyone or anything make you small.
My wish for you is the same as for your siblings: play large.
Proceed confidently in the direction of your dreams. Stumble, and get back up. Be all you are meant to be. You are entitled to a wonderful life full of success, beauty and love.
Go and get it.
But do be careful, son. Be careful in your resistance to let the actions of a small group be a reflection of society as a whole.
The world is evolving and changing for the better, and we're a part of this. There is an energetic shift, an opening of hearts, an awakening of Spirit occurring on the planet. Love and truth are coming on strong, breaking down the illusion of our separateness. But change is hard, and it creates fear. Some are threatened by this energetic shift, and cling mightily to their differentiation. In response, there's been an escalation of hate crimes and acts of terror meant to inspire fear and reciprocal hate—and ultimately perpetuate division.
I urge you to see this not as a sign that we are losing, but more as an indication of how close we are to winning. Humanity, our collective consciousness, is in the process of giving birth to a higher version of itself; and the birthing process is painful, messy and difficult.
But make no mistake about it, the re-birth is coming.
Finally, please be careful, son, not to respond with hate.
It is counter-productive, and feeds the very animal we are fighting against. It's okay to be angry. I'm angry, too. But don't let this change you in the ways that matter most. Stay true to yourself and your pure, beautiful, brave soul.
The only way out is love. The only cure for hate is love.
It is a privilege to be your mom. I'm proud of you, today and every day. You have more compassion, strength of character, resilience, courage and authenticity than anyone else I know.
Stay strong. Stay true. Stand fearlessly.
I stand with you.
Your dad, brothers and sister, family and friends stand with you.
We all stand with you.
We will not back down.
Love will prevail.
~ Mom
With Mike Gold, William Gold, Avery Gold and Bridger Boedecker
Author: Katie Boedecker
Image: via the author
Editors: Renée Picard; Yoli Ramazzina
BY: Follow @chandlergillDC
Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein told Fox News' Neil Cavuto on Wednesday that people walk around with floppy disks in order to hack and reprogram voter machines.
Stein–who is attempting to launch election recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin to contest Donald Trump's victory–first explained the indicators that people looked for when a machine is suspected of being tampered with or having an error.
"So the indicators that they look for if they want to see a machine error or a foul play or tampering, you look for a couple of indicators," they said. "So one is close race. You also look for an outcome which is the opposite of what was suggested by the polls and the exit polls."
Cavuto said that polls are often unreliable.
"Not necessarily," Stein responded. "What we're reflecting is that people have incredible doubts in an election that was very divisive and bitter and machines that we know fail massively."
"That would be hacking," Cavuto said, adding that for voter machines to be hacked, they need to be connected to the internet.
"No they don't at all," Stein said. "No, because people walk around and they reprogram these machines and use, like, a floppy disk."
Floppy disks are hard to come by on the internet and have been discontinued by many manufacturers, although one can order them from floppydisk.com and other sites with enough research. They are more popularly used as coasters these days.
Bruce Thornton is a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center.
FBI Director James Comey has decided not to recommend that Hillary Clinton be indicted for violating security laws concerning the handling of classified information, among other offenses. By doing so they have compromised a fundamental principle of consensual government: that the laws apply equally to everybody, including those entrusted with the people's power. Now it is up to voters come November to reaffirm that we are a nation of laws, not men.
Comey chose to do what I suggested on May 20 as a possible scenario: “There are any number of ways the Bureau could spin such a recommendation [not to indict] in a way to let Hillary off the hook: no proof of intent, evidence of carelessness but not criminality, or throwing some staffers and aides under the bus.” Comey in their announcement chose two out of three. They scolded Hillary for being “extremely careless,” but said there was no evidence of intent.
Both statements raise suspicions. First, the statute in question proscribes “gross negligence.” How is “extreme carelessness” different from “gross negligence”? Is there a firm legal distinction between these two? Black's Law Dictionary defines “negligence” in law as “The omission to do something which a reasonable man, guided by those considerations which ordinarily regulate the conduct of human affairs, would do, or doing something which a prudent and reasonable man would not do.” Here is the definition for “carelessness”: “Negligence: failure to act with the prudence that a reasonable person would exercise under the same circumstances.” See any difference?
A prudent and reasonable person would not pass classified materials over an unsecured email server. A prudent and reasonable person would also consider Comey's apparent fine distinction between “gross negligence” and “extreme carelessness” to be a sophistry worthy of Bill Clinton's metaphysical ruminations on the meaning of “is.” As for “intent,” res ipsa loquitur, as the lawyers like Comey say. The very fact that Hillary set up a private server on which to conduct government business, much of it concerning classified materials, is itself a violation no matter the intent. But Comey knows that “intent” is not an issue in determining “gross negligence” according to the statute. A drunk driver doesn't “intend” to kill anybody, but he's still going to be charged with a felony for their “gross negligence.” So too Hillary “intended” to shelter their communications from Freedom of Information Act inquiries that might turn up information detrimental to their political ambitions, not to endanger government secrets. That doesn't affect the criminality of their actions.
Just ask General David Petraeus. In 2012 they didn't “intend” to “mishandle classified materials” that they shared with their girlfriend. The FBI recommended a felony indictment anyway, which AG Eric Holder reduced to a misdemeanor. A prudent and reasonable person would conclude that the only distinction between Hillary and Petraeus is that the latter didn't have Hillary Clinton's political mojo. I'm reminded of Jonathon Swift's observation that “Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.” We should wonder what has happened at the FBI in the last few years that has made a relatively minor breach of security protocol worthy of punishment, and then suddenly made a much more serious and consequential breach not worthy of indictment.
There are other circumstances that cast suspicion on Comey's decision. Is it a coincidence that Obama endorsed Hillary a month before Comey's announcement? Or that Hillary in March confidently predicted they wouldn't be indicted? Or that a few days before the announcement AG Loretta Lynch had a tête–à–tête with Bill Clinton, something they knew was inappropriate, but meaningless if the decision had already been made? Or that Lynch's pledge to follow the FBI's recommendation was empty if they already knew what the recommendation would be? Or that Hillary and Obama had scheduled their first joint campaign appearance on the same day of the announcement? You don't have to be a grassy-knoll obsessive to smell something fishy, particularly give the 25-year history of Clintonian skullduggery, lies, and manipulation of the law.
Nor do we have to believe that one of Hillary's or Obama's flunkeys visited Comey and gave them their marching orders. Henry II didn't have to order the murder of Thomas Becket, just express their annoyance with him, and thugs did the rest. By the same token, it makes no difference if Comey believes their decision is based on their independent judgment. Those responsible for applying the law must be like Caesar's wife: above suspicion even if innocent. But judging just by what has already been leaked about Hillary's behavior, Comey is either guilty or incompetent.
Comey's decision is just the latest in a long-developing trend. In recent years government officials from the president on down have demonstrated the progressives' penchant for disregarding laws that don't serve their private or political interests. And our guardians of the law have been singularly inept at honoring their charge to enforce the laws equally. The IRS's Lois Lerner violated both their professional ethics and the Constitution in order to intimidate the Democrats' political rivals, twice evoking the 5th Amendment in their testimony before a House committee. Yet the DOJ found nothing worthy of their attention, AG Loretta Lynch perfuming Lerner's violations with “prosecutorial discretion” ––the same pretext they used to excuse Obama's executive orders on immigration during their confirmation hearing. Yes, the Republican Senate confirmed them anyway.
Now it's up to the people to confirm that we are still a nation of laws, not men, despite the failure of our caretakers of the law to do their jobs. The voters must show that they understand that tyranny rests precisely on the violation of this bedrock principle. Let me again quote Aristotle's definition of tyranny, since so many people seemingly don't get it: “that arbitrary power of an individual which is responsible to no one, and governs all alike, whether equals or betters, with a view to its own advantage, not to that of its subjects, and therefore against their will. No freeman willingly endures such a government.”
This is the fundamental choice before us in November. We will soon see if the American people don't mind this erosion of our freedom, and “prefer equality in slavery to inequality with freedom,” as Tocqueville put it.
Last week, we reported that the junk science, ex-gay National Association for the Research and Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH) was undergoing a rebranding of sorts and would launch a new organization called the Alliance for Therapeutic Choice and Scientific Integrity (ATCSI).
Included in the new organization's roll-out was an odd, fake news video announcing the change that, while not featuring any 'ex-gays,' it did include a rather busty "reporter" claiming that ATCSI would better "meet the needs of a new generation."
That "reporter," Jean Hudson, however, is a YouTube freelancer who is now condemning the ex-gay organization, saying they were shocked to learn about the group's harmful practices.
ThinkProgress reports:
Hudson was not familiar with NARTH's background, and the brief script they were asked to read only announced the new organization and did not actually refer to the ex-gay therapy the group promotes. After learning of the group's mission, they described it as “disturbing,” adding, “I can definitely say that if I had known, I wouldn't have agreed to the video request.”
Hudson is a video freelancer who contracts with individuals to produce news clips for a variety of purposes, including news announcements, commercial promotions, and special occasions (birthdays, weddings, etc.). They told ThinkProgress that their video services were paid by a “dpruden,” which likely refers to David Clarke Pruden, who is vice president of operations for NARTH and was the president of Evergreen, a Mormon ex-gay ministry, until it closed earlier this year.
“The news of my video services used to promote a website that is reportedly anti-LGBT is very troubling,” Hudson told ThinkProgress. “First, I apologize to my friends, family, clients, and neighbors who are LGBT supporters. I have not and will not betray or have ever deceived you. You know me better.”
The video has since been removed from YouTube and NARTH's website.
Goals give you direction, make your calendar look less intimidating, and tell you when to celebrate your achievements, but no matter how many goals you have and how good you are at achieving them, productivity can be a major issue. That's why, in 2012, one of my major goals was to improve productivity across the board. I experimented, changed sleep habits, shifted when I focused on certain tasks, and tested a dozen different theories to see what worked and what didn't, and while the vast majority of my “genius” ideas turned out to have very little (or negative) impact on my productivity, a few things worked quite well.
Here are five of the things that worked best and how they can be quickly and effectively used to boost your own productivity:
Working Fewer Hours
When things get really busy and it seems like you'll never, ever get caught up, the knee jerk reaction of most is to work more, not less. On a strictly logical basis, it makes sense: when you work more, you get more done, right? As I found last year, this may not be the case—I've always noted that on days when I have a LOT of time to get things done, I tend to get less done overall, and In 2012 two things happened to confirm this.
First, I started taking half-days twice a week to spend time with my son. On those two days I would work from 7am until 1pm; about 3 hours less than my normal schedule. It was immensely stressful at first, but with time I noticed that I was actually getting just as much, if not more, done on those days than I did on the days I worked until 4pm.
Advertising
Second, I installed RescueTime. Recommended by Tim Ferriss in The 4-Hour Work Week, Rescue Time installations in the background of your Mac or PC and tracks how much time you spend on certain tasks. You can use it to block certain tasks or provide advanced analytics if you pay for it, but I use the free version just so I can get a weekly email telling me how productive I was in any given week. Every Sunday an email shows up that includes the number of hours worked and the percentage of productivity I reached that week.
The first week, I worked 45 hours and was 73% productive, which Rescue Time told me was better than about 75% of the people using the site. I made it my goal to get that number up to at least 80% though and the only way I could do it was by working fewer hours. As I started to work less—at first to do the Dad thing on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and later to ensure I had weekends for yard work and family time—I noticed that my productivity increased greatly. It reminded me of Parkinson's Law; If you give yourself a set amount of time to complete a task, you will fill that time to completion, so when I gave myself 45 hours to get a week's worth of work done, it took me 45 hours. When I only gave myself 35 hours, I still got everything done, plus I had a lot more time to myself, which in turn reduced stress and made me even more productive.
Unplugging Once a Week
Around the same time that I realized I was wasting close to 12 hours a week at my desk reading email and watching YouTube videos, I started to wonder if I was spending too much time in front of a screen. On Saturdays and Sundays I would quite literally groan whenever I needed to log on and send an email; my brain and body were worn out with screen fatigue. As such, I decided to turn everything off for one day (on a voluntary basis—I was still available if there was a work emergency) and spend time working outside, running errands with my family, or playing board games with friends.
Not only did this help me get over the anxiety of screen fatigue on the weekend, it made me much more productive when I logged on Monday mornings. I didn't dread the thought of turning my computer on; I embraced it.
Advertising
Automating as Much as Possible
Everyone has a handful of tasks they spend entirely too much time working on; the little stuff that eats time out of your day with very little or zero benefit. Whether it's a maintenance task like updating your financial spreadsheets or a communications task like sending emails, you're losing anywhere from 5-10 hours a week doing stuff that is either A) boring or B) low return. I always knew this, and while I hated it, I couldn't do much about it. Automation took to much time, or money, neither of which I had.
In 2012 I made the investment and started automating key tasks. Things like:
Email – Instead of having it open all day dinging at me, I closed my mail app and only checked it twice a day. I leave Skype on in the interim and everyone knows that if it's important they should just call or Skype me.
– Instead of having it open all day dinging at me, I closed my mail app and only checked it twice a day. I leave Skype on in the interim and everyone knows that if it's important they should just call or Skype me. Accounting – I set up a new Freshbooks account, installed the mobile app on my iPhone and started sending invoices and updating expenses while on the go. Combined with Quickbooks for general accounting, it now only takes 20 minutes a week to update all my financials instead of the hour or two I was spending every Friday before.
– I set up a new Freshbooks account, installed the mobile app on my iPhone and started sending invoices and updating expenses while on the go. Combined with Quickbooks for general accounting, it now only takes 20 minutes a week to update all my financials instead of the hour or two I was spending every Friday before. To-Do Lists – For the heavy-hitting GTD apps, you'll need to spend some money. There are some great freebies like Wunderlist, but most of the bigger, multi-platform, cloud-syncing tools cost money. That said, they are well worth the investment; I estimate I've saved dozens if not hundreds of hours the last 18 months with Omnifocus on my phone and computer.
– For the heavy-hitting GTD apps, you'll need to spend some money. There are some great freebies like Wunderlist, but most of the bigger, multi-platform, cloud-syncing tools cost money. That said, they are well worth the investment; I estimate I've saved dozens if not hundreds of hours the last 18 months with Omnifocus on my phone and computer. Outsourcing – When I outsourced before, it was an ordeal: Either I spent all day answering emails and phone calls, or I received a finished product that was nowhere near what I had asked for. I invested some time in creating training materials for contractors, such as videos, style guides, and templates that ensured outsourcing was MUCH easier to get done right.
Automation, when implemented properly, can provide an immediate boost to productivity and finally help you reclaim some of the mental energy you've been spending on routine tasks.
Recording and Revising Key Work Habits
One of my favorite books of 2012 was The Power of Habit by Charles Duhigg. In it, Duhigg talks about everything from how habits work to the amazing things people have been able to accomplish by changing small keystone habits.
Advertising
After reading the book, I became significantly more aware of the things I would do every day that took a bite out of my productive hours, such as when I was most likely to read movie reviews or surf Facebook, why I would go downstairs two or three extra times in the afternoon, and the many things that would hold me up in the morning and cause me to start work late. While I haven't fixed everything, simply being aware of those small issues was a huge first step.
It begins with observation: spend two or three weeks just making notes of what you do. Keep a journal on your computer or buy a notebook and jot down quick notes. Nothing is too small. Write down when you eat, when you take breaks, when you look at websites you shouldn't, etc. (RescueTime can help here too). After a couple weeks, you'll have a much keener idea of what things are getting in the way of your productivity. Then, look at those habits and identify the cue, the routine and the reward. The cue is the trigger: the act, thought, or moment that makes you want to follow that habit.
In my case, I noticed that whenever I finished a work task I would immediately surf a website that had nothing to do with work—a sort of mental cleanse. The cue was finishing work, the routine was visiting IGN and the reward was that I didn't have to think about work for 5 (going on 15) minutes. To change this habit, I started getting up and doing some stretches whenever I finished a task. The cue was the same—I wanted to do something different after writing 5 articles—but the routine changed, and not only did it improve productivity, it got me out of that chair.
Look for similar moments in your day and ways you can change those habits to boost productivity.
Advertising
Setting Aside Review/Thinking Time Once a Month
Tell me if this sounds familiar: Every day, for at least a few minutes, I would get distracted by some “big picture” task. Finances, scheduling, email, clients—whatever it was, I would stop writing and start taking notes and thinking about my next steps. I like to be organized—very organized—but as a freelancer, organization only gets you so far. You also have to be flexible, so those planning exercises would pop up every day of the week. I was probably spending 1-2 hours a day looking at my calendar and to-do lists; not actually doing anything, but certainly thinking about it a lot.
I decided to set aside two hours every Friday and one day every month on which I would think about those bigger, overarching goals, and the rest of the time, I just worked. Whether I had a clue about what I was doing or not, I just worked. Not only did this cut down on the amount of time spent tweaking my schedule, it improved productivity by cutting out distractions and forcing me to just get things done.
Productivity Is Getting Out of Your Own Way
It's not easy to be productive all the time. There are moments when you just want to be lazy and do nothing for a few minutes, and that's perfectly normal. The most productive people are the ones who have a system in place that allows for those lazy moments and jumpstarts them back into high gear the moment they are ready.
As I get more done in less time, automate time consuming tasks, and change my habits more in 2013, I expect to become not only more productive, but happier in what I do. While not every tip in this post is right for everyone, I guarantee that implementing even just a couple will help you get more done.
What strategies have you used in your life to get more done? How do you boost productivity without setting unrealistic expectations? Sounds off in the comments below.
"MARLEY WAS DEAD; to begin with. There is no doubt whatever about that."
Thus begins the classic story of A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens. A Christmas Carol has been produced dozens of different ways over the years - heck, there's even a Klingon version!
But, something about that opening - "Marley was dead" - just screams for something that, as far as we can tell, has never been done before - a noir Christmas Carol!
WHY A RADIO DRAMA?
I've always loved radio dramas. The way they hook right into your cerebral cortex and don't let go - that wherever you are, they can be right there with you, making you laugh and cry, filling your heart with fear or elation.
Plus, the noir style fits right in with the feel of a radio drama, and this seemed like the perfect venue for the project.
We've decided it's time to go beyond listening - it's time to start doing.
WHY US?
Because we love the format. Because we have a strong community of artists and creators to draw from. And because once we get going we aren't going to stop.
WHY NOW?
A few months ago I had a bad case of sinusitis - it literally built up so much pressure that it ruptured my eardrums, and for a month I had maybe 30% of my hearing left. They healed, and it's better now, but I'm appreciating sound like never before, and I want to make sure we can contribute to this fantastic medium before something happens where we no longer can.
What we're asking for is your help to get started.
ENOUGH CHIT-CHAT, WHAT'S IT GOING TO COST?
With a bit of Googling and an Excel spreadsheet, we figured out that $4000 would be enough to cover the equipment, pay for our rewards and expenses, and buy pizza for the recording sessions. But then we figured, STRETCH GOALS ARE FUN!
IF WE RAISE $5000, in addition to our play MARLEY WAS DEAD, every level that recieves the play or CDs will recieve an additional short play, "Three Ghosts Walk Into A Bar..." (working title), where our ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Future all retire to the bar, "The Head of a Pin", after their run in with our Scrooge. What will they talk about? Will Ebenezer get invited? And, perhaps most important, who will order the first round? There's only one way to find out, and that's to get us to our stretch goal!
IF WE RAISE $8000 we will also commission Shannon Townsend, of Studio ONY fame, to draw our script into comic format! If you're downloading the play we'll send you a link to the PDF, and if we're sending you a physical CD we'll send you a physical copy of the comic!
We have a few ideas for some more series we can begin once we've got our studio set up, so who know what previews and other goodies might be added as additional stretch goals? Well, we do, but let's focus on the related one first, eh guys?
WHAT CAN I GET?
We've got all sorts of reward tiers - download copies of the play, CD copies of the play, signed and unsigned, chat sessions with the cast and crew, copies of the script, signed photos and poster art, and four lucky businesses can get old-timey radio ads added to the play! Plus, you can even be invited to our release party when the project wraps! How cool is that? (We hope it is very, very cool.)
Plus, all our backers will get access to behind the scenes videos, bloopers and outtakes, and some of the general insanity that goes into any sort of creative project. Who knows? We might even drop some hints on where we plan to take this radio theater thing next...
TIME TO GIVE BACK TO THE RADIO DRAMA COMMUNITY
One last bonus for all of you who want to create your own radio plays - all sound effects we create we will be putting up on our site under a Creative Commons license for your use. All we ask is that you give us a nod as the originators of the work, and then it's yours to twist as you please. That's something we want to do for the entire radio theater community, not just our backers.
So come on. Marley may be dead, but with your help Scrooge can live again in an all new production, MARLEY WAS DEAD!
Christian leaders have spoken out against Donald Trump's plan to prioritize Christian refugees, as the president confirmed their decision in an interview on the Christian Broadcasting Network.
The segment, which aired Sunday evening, was taped at the White House Friday, the same day Trump signed an executive order banning Syrian refugees indefinitely and closing US doors to visitors from seven predominantly Muslims countries.
During the interview, the president pledged to give priority to Christians applying for refugee status, saying it had been easier for Muslim people to get into the United States than for Christians. Available evidence, however, shows that the US admitted 37,521 Christian refugees and 38,901 Muslim refugees in 2016.
Trump's CBN interview came after the mogul denied that their executive actions represented a Muslim ban, and while protests took place across the nation against the immigration order.
Scroll down for video
Donald Trump confirmed in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network (pictured) that their administration would prioritize Christian refugee applications
CBN host David Brody asked Trump during the interview: 'As it relates to persecuted Christians, do you see them as kind of priority here?'
Trump replied: 'Yes.'
When Brody asked again, 'You do?' the president continued: 'They've been horribly treated. Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible, at least very tough to get into the United States?
'If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible and the reason that was so unfair, everybody was persecuted in all fairness, but they were chopping off the heads of everybody but more so the Christians. And I thought it was very, very unfair. So we are going to help them.'
Numbers provided by the Pew Center show that the US admitted almost the same numbers of Christian and Muslim refugees in 2016 - 37,521 and 38,901 respectively.
Bishop Joe S Vásquez (left) said: 'We believe in assisting all, regardless of their religious beliefs' and Jen Smyers (right), the associate director for immigration and refugee policy of Church World Service, said the day the immigration ban was signed was a 'shameful' one
Syria's population is made up of 93 per cent of Muslim people and five per cent of Christians, according to a 2010 estimate by the Pew Center.
'We have no evidence that would support a belief that the Obama administration was discriminating against Christian populations,' Reverend Scott Arbeiter, the president of World Relief, the humanitarian branch of the National Association of Evangelicals, told the New York Times.
Christian leaders have said they oppose Trump's decision to prioritize Christian refugees.
'We believe in assisting all, regardless of their religious beliefs,' Bishop Joe S Vásquez, who chairs the migration committee of the US Conference Of Catholic Bishops, told the newspaper.
One of the religious leaders speaking out against the executive order was Jen Smyers, the associate director for immigration and refugee policy of Church World Service, a ministry with more than 30 denominations in its members.
Smyers said that Friday, the day Trump signed the executive order setting up the immigration bans, was a 'shameful day' for the US.
'Christ calls us to care for everyone, regardless of who they are and where they come from,' World Relief's senior vice president of advocacy and policy Jenny Yang told The Atlantic. 'That has to be a core part of our witness—not just caring for our own, but caring for others as well.'
People kept marching in support of immigrants and refugees even after the sun had set Sunday in Seattle, Washington
Demonstrators gathered during a candlelit vigil near the Naval Observatory on Sunday night in Washington, DC
Hundreds of people gathered outside of Sterling Memorial Library at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut on Sunday for a vigil in support of refugees
Anna Yaggi, a 15-year-old high school student, held a candle in front of Sterling Memorial Library at Yale University in New Haven. Hundreds turned out for the vigil
Demonstrators gathered and held candles during a vigil near the Naval Observatory on Sunday night in Washington DC
Protesters at one point shut down the lower level loop at LAX during a protest against the travel ban imposed by Trump
Meanwhile, Trump defended their order on immigration Sunday afternoon, saying in a statement that 'America is a proud nation of immigrants' that 'will continue to show compassion to those fleeing oppression,' but 'while protecting our own citizens and border'.
They denied once again that their executive order, which bans visitors from Iraq, Syria, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen, seven predominantly Muslim countries, was a ban aimed at Muslim people.
'To be clear, this is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting. This is not about religion - this is about terror and keeping our country safe,' they said. 'There are over 40 different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are not affected by this order.
'We will again be issuing visas to all countries once we are sure we have reviewed and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days.'
They also placed part of the blame on their predecessor Barack Obama.
'My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when they banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months,' Trump said of their own measure.
Obama's directive affected only refugees and came after a specific terror threat. Trump's order is broader and applies to all citizens from the seven countries included in the 90-day ban.
Trump also said that those countries 'are the same countries previously identified by the Obama administration as sources of terror'.
The mogul told Brody during the rest of the interview that they had been relying on their own faith more since becoming president.
'The office is so powerful that you need God even more because your decisions are no longer, "Gee I'm gonna build a building in New York." These are questions of massive life and death,' they said.
The mogul also said they thought they knew who they would pick as a Supreme Court justice but wasn't '100 per cent'.
'I think the person that I pick will be a big, big - I think people are gonna love it. I think evangelicals, Christians will love my pick and will be represented very fairly,' they added.
Some of the most interesting conversations I've had in the past six months have taken place in my car as a rideshare driver. I've met artists, architects, celebrities and even a former playboy bunny. But even after all that time and all those rides, I still haven't had one experience that I would qualify as terrible or horrible. There have definitely been some weird ones and some very interesting ones but nothing that I couldn't handle.
But like with anything in life, there are always going to be a few bad apples that you need to watch out for. Here are just a few of the ways I've found that passengers are trying to game the system.
Related article: Essential gear for rideshare drivers
Dropping The Pin Outside Of A Surge Zone
It didn't take long for passengers to figure out this one. Since surge and prime time zones are very localized, one street could be 2x and another could be 1.5x or even regular pricing. What some passengers will do is move the pin around until they get out of a surge zone and then make their request. At that point, they'll either call the driver and let them know their real address or wait for the driver to pick them up and tell them “the GPS must be wrong”.
I've been noticing this hack with greater frequency over the past few months yet the TNC's have done nothing about it. Last week, Lyft finally made a small change that will require passengers to confirm their address when their dropped pin doesn't match their GPS so we'll see if that helps.
How to Avoid: I have a standard short cut text that I send after every request. During surge times, I'll use a second text that asks them to confirm their address and sometimes I'll even call them depending on how far away the request is. If I get to the pick-up destination and then discover they're not there, I will wait 5 minutes and then cancel as a no-show to make sure that I get the cancellation fee. I'll also turn on my other app at this point and try to get another request during that 5-minute waiting period.
Airport Pick-Up
This is a slight variation of the above hack but since there is a geo-fence around some airports, a lot of passengers have figured out that you can just drop the pin outside of the geo-fence (where lots of drivers are waiting) and then request that the driver come into the terminal and get you.
There is no risk for the passenger with this strategy but the driver could face fines and possible impound if they get busted. Lyft and Uber have been very good about covering fees in this situation but I've heard that they are going to slowly phase out that policy. So drivers beware.
Related Article: How To Get An Uber Airport Ride At LAX
How to Avoid: Don't go into the airports (unless pick-ups are ok at your local airport) to pick anyone up. Let the passenger know why you can't come get them, ask them to cancel the ride and take a shuttle outside the airport (and don't forget to tell them to tip the shuttle driver a $1 or $2 for the ride 🙂
Free Rides For Days
There aren't a lot of passengers doing this one or if they are, they aren't talking about it. But here's how the strategy works: Since Uber gives existing passengers $30 for referring new passengers, these ‘Uber hackers' will use an app like Burner that creates a temporary phone number and then create a new account based off of that. So the Uber hacker will use account A to refer account B and then take a ride with account B (that ride will be free up to $30). Once they complete the ride with account A, account B will now be credited with another $30 free ride.
You can rinse and repeat this ‘hack' as many times as you'd like but Uber definitely has people on the lookout for this. I know a couple people who have been busted trying to use this trick so along with the ethical issues of doing something like this, it also probably won't last very long.
Squeezing In 5 Or More
This is one of the most common ways passengers try to take advantage of drivers. I've had it happen to me on countless occasions and although it's tough to say no and not seem like an a-hole, it's never worth the risk to take more than four passengers. In fact, I can't think of any situation in which it would make sense to do so.
How to Avoid: If this happens to you, just let the passenger know about the associated liability issues and tell them you can wait while they call another car. Use the ‘Can Do' attitude that Rez discussed in our podcast interview.
Lyftjacking Or Uberjacking
I've read lots of stories about this one happening to unsuspecting drivers and it basically involves a passenger trying to steal someone else's Lyft or Uber ride. These ‘hackers' will sometimes just get into your car if they see trade dress and let you know where they're going. 5 minutes later you'll get a call from your real passenger asking “Where the F are you going?!” At this point, you're in a tough situation because you've already started the trip on the wrong person and now you have someone in your car who you're going to have to let out. Just make sure that you're as diplomatic as possible if this happens and e-mail support ASAP once you end the ride.
How to Avoid: I always ask the passenger to confirm their name instead of saying, “Hey are you Steve?” Especially during surge times or at the end of an event when there are lots of people looking for their rides, it's imperative that you find the right person. I also turn on my flashers and try to make it easy for the right passenger to find me.
Related Article: How To Find Your Passenger At The End Of a Concert Or Special Event
No Cash, Can't Tip
This hack doesn't happen on Lyft, but I've had several Uber passengers mention how they'd love to tip me but they have no cash. I'm sure a lot of them genuinely want to tip but I have a hunch that some are just saying this to make it seem like they're not cheap.
How to Avoid: I actually found a pretty good way to combat this using a Square Reader. It charges around 3% and allows you to take cash tips on your smart phone. Any time someone offers a tip but doesn't have cash, I let them know about this option.
Uber/Lyft Race
There are some passengers who will call an Uber and a Lyft at the same time and take whichever car arrives first. I know because this has happened to me before as a driver. I pulled up at a location and saw passengers getting into another driver's car and shortly after, the ride was cancelled.
Uber and Lyft need to do a better job of punishing riders who cancel or abuse the system. I don't think there are many passengers that do this but it would be nice to see some repercussions for people who take advantage of drivers like this.
Canceling A Trip During The Ride
I've never personally experienced this but I've talked to many drivers who have had passengers cancel the trip halfway through or even as soon as the ride begins. If drivers aren't looking at their phone, then they might not even know that this has happened until they get to the destination.
How To Avoid: I always use the GPS on my phone to navigate even if I am pretty sure where we're going. That also means that I'll see a cancellation notification/text every time I glance at the phone. Just make sure that you don't do it while you're driving.
Not A Real Lyft Line
With the addition of Lyft Line, this is a new passenger scam that I've been seeing here and there. Basically, passengers that are in the same group will each request a Lyft Line so that the fare is cheaper and then one passenger cancels or uses a free ride code. Obviously this is not really how Lyft Line is supposed to work, since it's supposed to match riders who don't know each other but happen to be going in the same direction.
This hack doesn't really bother me too much as a driver since I'm going to get paid anyways but I think Lyft will eventually start cracking down on this.
The Uber Recruiter/Canceler
I don't think I've ever experienced this shady tactic from Uber as a Lyft driver but it's also tough to tell since there can be a lot of cancellations in any one given night. According to Lyft though, Uber recruiters have ordered and cancelled over 5,000 Lyft rides since October.
Obviously this tactic frustrates drivers who lose time and money driving to requests that are then canceled. It also deprives riders who are looking for a ride since this scam means less available drivers on the road.
How To Avoid: I find that most cancellations happen within the first minute or two so I usually hang out for a minute or two before moving on to the pick-up request. You won't be able to do much about someone that cancels once you get there but if it's after the 5 minute wait time you should at least get compensated with a $5-$10 cancellation fee.
(Big thanks to everyone that helped me during my research for this article: Ted, Simon and a few others 🙂
Drivers, what hacks/tricks have you seen passengers using to game the system? Would you use any of these yourself or does it cross the line for you?
Burnt Out Talking To Passengers? Deliver Food With Caviar! Make up to $25/hour. No minimum hours required, work outside, and get paid weekly. Make up to $25/hour. No minimum hours required, work outside, and get paid weekly. Click to Sign-up!
-The Rideshare Guy
SAN JOSE – Prosecutors on Monday dropped rape charges against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after their alleged victim refused to testify.
The woman, who had sued McDonald in civil court, had received a financial settlement of more than $100,000 prior to the trial, though details of the settlement and its relationship to the victim's testimony — if any — were not clear Monday. The woman told Judge David A. Cena in Santa Clara County Superior Court that the settlement did not require them to drop the charges.
Cena dismissed the case after the woman read a short statement, saying they were exhausted and stressed out by the case, and needed to get it behind them Under California law, victims of sexual assault, as well as survivors of domestic violence, can be fined but not jailed for refusing to testify. As a practical matter, however, they usually are not fined and often refuse with impunity.
McDonald, 33, now plans to try to resume their NFL career after two seasons away.
“He has to put on 20 pounds,” said their Redwood City attorney John Halley, “and see if they can get back in the NFL.”
McDonald still faces a misdemeanor charge of violating a restraining order involving their ex-fiancee, but that case is likely to settle now that the felony rape charge has been dismissed.
However, 49ers linebacker Ahmad Brooks is charged with sexually assaulting the same woman who accused McDonald of rape, at the same party. That case is still “pending,” according to a spokesperson at the district attorney's office, who declined to elaborate further. The case is due back in court at the end of May.
The incident was allegedly caught on video, so prosecutors can legally proceed even if the woman refuses to testify against Brooks, as they did in the case involving McDonald. Brooks is charged with misdemeanor sexual battery. If convicted, they would face up to six months in jail and have to register as a sex offender.
In a brief statement, prosecutor Chris Lamiero said the woman's decision not to testify against McDonald was disappointing.
“Despite my best efforts to convince the victim to testify, they refused,” Lamiero said. “Regretfully, Ray McDonald will not face a jury for what they did that night. We are disappointed that they will not be held responsible.”
The case stemmed from an alleged incident that occurred Dec. 15, 2014, after a pool party at McDonald's home in the exclusive Silver Creek neighborhood in San Jose.
McDonald would have faced a maximum of eight years in prison if they had been convicted of rape and would also have had to register as a sex offender.
In December 2014, the 49ers released McDonald, citing a “pattern of poor decision-making.” They were signed by the Chicago Bears, but that team let them go when they were arrested on domestic violence charges after a clash with their ex-fiancee in Santa Clara while they were holding their infant child.
McDonald sued the victim in the alleged rape for defamation, saying they fabricated the charges and was seeking to exploit a national wave of similar incidents involving NFL players.
McDonald alleged that the woman also lied to cover up that they had consensual sex “several times” with them that night and the next day.
A judge dismissed the lawsuit, saying McDonald failed to produce evidence that the woman had spoken to anyone other than law enforcement officials about their accusations. Statements to police are considered protected speech.
The woman then countersued, laying out a completely different version of events. Contrary to media reports, they contend, they did not pass out from drinking, but slipped and fell on a “negligently maintained, dangerously slippery deck” near McDonald's swimming pool and struck their head, passing out for eight minutes. They also claimed the video shows that McDonald believed them to be dead. But instead of calling 911, they alleged, they told others at the party that they did not want a dead woman to be found on their property.
In their lawsuit, the woman contended that after passing out by the pool, they regained consciousness, but fell several more times as a result of the head injury and alcohol consumption. The suit claims that while they were unconscious from one of those falls, Brooks groped them in a “sexual manner.” That incident was allegedly captured on camera by McDonald's in-home security system.
Before they fully regained consciousness, they alleged, McDonald carried them to their bedroom and had sex with them The woman's suit does not mention whether the couple had sex the next day, though a police report claims they did but notes they were not initially aware of what had happened while they were passed out the night before.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
Contact Tracey Kaplan at 831-227-7166. Follow them at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport.
Researchers have developed a drone that can detect obstacles and avoid them.
The drone was developed at the MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab and has been programmed to dip, dart and dive at around 30mph. In a video it is shown dodging through tree branches at high speed.
“Everyone is building drones these days, but nobody knows how to get them to stop running into things,” says CSAIL PhD student Andrew Barry, who developed the system as part of their thesis with MIT professor Russ Tedrake.
“Sensors like lidar are too heavy to put on small aircraft, and creating maps of the environment in advance isn't practical. If we want drones that can fly quickly and navigate in the real world, we need better, faster algorithms.”
The drone weighs just over a pound and has a 34-inch wingspan. The production cost around $1,700.
It's Halloween, and all of the little ghosts and goblins are going to be knocking on neighborhood doors with a list of demands which we so easily meet. Most costumes these days require a lack of effort or creativity. There's too many Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus costumes and not enough bluegrass star costumes. Anyone can wear a t-shirt and too-tight jeans and say they're Luke Bryan, but dressing up as a bluegrass signer requires a much more extensive costume. The first kids to knock on my door wearing a Larry Sparks powder blue suit, a pair of Doyle Lawson's fancy boots, or Del McCoury's hair gets every piece of candy I can find: no question!
Bluegrass music is not often associated with a Happy Halloween, but it definitely should be. No other genre of music celebrates death the way bluegrass does. Heck, we even have our own subcategory of songs focused on killing – Bluegrass Murder Ballads (which I unapologetically wrote a final paper on for a Christian Worldview Integration class. Needless to say, eyebrows were raised.)
To help get you in the Halloween spirit, here is a list of the 13 Essential Halloween “BOO!-grass” Tunes. Let's get in the holiday spirit with some great songs of spirits and spooks, death and destruction, with this all treat no trick collection of the most frightening bluegrass tunes!
1. It's Just The Night – The Del McCoury Band
You can't get much more “Halloween-y” than this one. Del & The Boys had to have been trying to scare us out of our wits with this one. Flying bats, hoot owls, full moons, evil spells – this is as spooky as it gets, from one of my favorite Del albums.
2. The Midnight Call – Don Rigsby
What says bluegrass Halloween like a midnight visit from your dead mother in a dream at a train station that was already torn down? Great song, and one of Don's best vocal performances. Speaking of Don, who thinks they should dress up as Justin Bieber for Halloween after Letterman's comment on Tuesday night? Or better yet, who thinks Bieber should dress up like Don!? I don't which sounds scarier: Don singing Eenie Meenie (Miny Mo Lover) or JB singing Hillbilly Heartache.
3. Blackadder's Cove – Newfound Road
What originally began as a lullaby for Josh Miller's son, took a sharp left turn somewhere along the way. A hard-working man from the mountains has their heart crushed by a woman who betrays them for their brother! So what do they do? Well, this is Halloween, so see if you can guess… And the rain it did pour and the wind it blew cold, as I dug them a grave in Blackadder's Cove.
4. Lady Margaret – Cassie Franklin
This solo a cappella performance appeared on the bluegrass-influenced Cold Mountain soundtrack. The song tells the story of Lady Margaret, who sees young William and their new bride on their wedding day. That night, they come to see young William after they have gone to sleep. William confesses their true love for Margaret and kisses them They wake up the next morning to find Lady Margaret is dead. They kiss their corpse and dies. A hauntingly beautiful song, Franklin's vocal performance is captivating.
5. Shallow Grave – The Steeldrivers
The opening track of their IBMA-nominated album, Shallow Grave showcases the great soulful, rootsy sound The Steeldrivers have become known for over the years. For being a song about a guy who is torn up about burying their true love, this one sure is a lot of fun!
6. The Ghost of Eli Renfro – Nashville Bluegrass Band
Can you get scarier than the story about a man who kills their wife with a Bowie knife and then haunts the whole town after their execution? The version by Del McCoury is killer (pun intended) as well.
7. Sad Wind Sighs – Boys From Indiana
This song is absolutely miserable, and I love it! A man can't get over the death of their wife, and can't wait to die so they can be next to them again. The Boys From Indiana are some of are music's overlooked heroes, and this is one of their best. Who knew being so sad could sound so good?
8. The Grave Robber – Junior Sisk & Rambler's Choice
As the title suggests, this is the story of a grave robber. No one with common sense or a conscience would adopt this as a way of life, but leave it to Tom T. Hall to write a song about it. It makes for one of the most creepily captivating songs in the bluegrass canon. “The Storyteller” will get you every time.
9. Brown Mountain Light – Tony Rice
It's frightening to think about running into the ghost of a former slave who is wandering around the woods carrying a lantern searching for their lost master, right? Okay, I was hoping I wasn't the only one who is terrified by that idea.
10. Knoxville Girl – The Louvin Brothers
You knew this one was going to be here. Don't make me explain it. Sidenote: This is one of the most requested tunes at our radio station, and the people who call in to request it on a regular basis frighten me. I love the song, but I question the people who want to hear it during the Gospel hour.
11. My Last Days On Earth – Bill Monroe
One of Monroe's absolute masterpieces. Monroe's picking demands control of your entire body as you stop whatever you're doing as soon as they begin playing. The howling winds and sound effects make this song spooky, but never before did I know something so scary could be so beautiful.
12. Walls Of Time – Ricky Skaggs & Kentucky Thunder
Another Monroe tune, I prefer Ricky's version for a Halloween party. I don't know if it's Ricky's unique arrangement or John Cowan's other-wordly harmony vocals on the chorus which make this version the scariest, but it definitely is. One of my favorite tracks from one of my favorite Skaggs albums. There are many great renditions of this song though: The Johnson Mountain Boys, Peter Rowan, and (of course) Bill Monroe.
13. Bringing Mary Home – Country Gentlemen
Hands down, the greatest bluegrass ghost song of all time. I can still remember being absolutely freaked out listening to this song as a kid! I still get freaked out a little bit every time I hear it, and I'm sure if you're all honest with yourselves, you are too. Regardless, it's still a classic. No Halloween is complete without bringing Mary home one more time.
Well, there you have it: the 13 Best Halloween “BOO!-grass” Tunes!
“Why 13?” you may ask. Because it's the unluckiest number? NO! Because Charlie Waller was the 13th man to bring Mary home! Get with the program.
From the “It's Not Bluegrass, But It's Not Bad” files, here are 13 other songs to get you in the Halloween spirit.
Phantom 309 – Red Sovine
Die, Die, Die –The Avett Brothers
The Caretaker – Johnny Cash
Ghosts That We Knew – Mumford & Sons
The Ride – David Allan Coe
Angel of Death – New Country Rehab
Midnight In Montgomery – Alan Jackson
Dig Gravedigger Dig – Corb Lund
Porter Wagoner's Grave – Marty Stuart
I Put A Spell On You – Creedence Clearwater Revival
Rose In Paradise – Waylon Jennings
Ballad of Hollis Brown – Bob Dylan
(Ghost) Riders In The Sky – Johnny Cash
What's some of your favorite “BOO!-grass” tunes? There are so many good ones. It was hard to trim it to thirteen. Let me know what you'll be listening to on this October 31st.
Happy Halloween!
Telegram CEO Pavel Durov. Flickr/TechCrunch A group of Russian activists are taking legal action after they claimed their accounts on popular messaging app Telegram were hacked into.
The Financial Times reports that the activists aren't suing Telegram, instead they're going after Russian communications company MTS, which they accuse of helping someone illegally gain access to their accounts.
Oleg Kozlovsky and Georgy Alburov claim that they found that their Telegram accounts had been accessed by someone who requested confirmation codes sent via text message. They don't know who gained access to the accounts, but they say that MTS turned off their ability to receive text messages shortly before the hack.
Telegram CEO Pavel Durov has a history of run-ins with Russian law enforcement. They were investigated by police for allegedly running over a police office (which they deny,) and posted a photograph on Instagram of them giving the finger to authorities after they gained control of VKontakte, the social network they founded.
Durov told The Financial Times that "this is technically possible everywhere, but democratic countries typically try to avoid intercepting SMS without a court order, because such measures are highly visible and can lead to public uproar."
Richmond's mayor announced on Wednesday that the city's Monument Avenue Commission would immediately begin considering the removal of Confederate statues from the former Confederate capital.
Mayor Levar Stoney (D) said in a statement first reported by The Richmond Times-Dispatch that the commission, which was originally founded in June to "educate" residents about the importance of the statues, would instead meet to consider their removal.
“Effective immediately, the Monument Avenue Commission will include an examination of the removal and/or relocation of some or all of the confederate statues,” Stoney said.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Va., caused by white nationalists protesting the removal of statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee "fundamentally changed" how the city viewed the monuments of Confederate heroes such as Stonewall Jackson or Jefferson Davis.
"While we had hoped to use this process to educate Virginians about the history behind these monuments," Stoney said, "the events of the last week may have fundamentally changed our ability to do so by revealing their power to serve as a rallying point for division and intolerance and violence."
The 10-person commission is comprised of "academics, historians and community leaders," according to the Times-Dispatch. The group will weigh whether to remove the monuments fully or simply add "context."
Leaders elsewhere in the country have moved to take down their monuments in the wake of this weekend's violence, including in neighboring Baltimore, where several statues were removed Tuesday night.
Earlier in the week, Stoney blasted the monuments as "shameful" relics of the past "that we all disagree with."
“Currently, as I've always said, since my remarks earlier on this year, the way those statues stand currently, they're a shameful representation of the past that we all disagree with,” the mayor said on Monday.
“For me, it's about telling the complete truth. I don't think removal of symbols does anything for telling the actual truth or changes the state and culture of racism in this country today.”
Just imagine India-made smart textiles that can sense what goes on around you, store data and communicate for necessary action! Well, scientists have inched closer to indigenously built wearable electronic devices, thanks to unique properties of silk. A team of experts at the Indian Institute of Technology – Kharagpur has fashioned a hybrid material based on silk protein called silk fibroin.
This novel material has the potential to spawn prototype textile-based smart electronic devices for soldiers and defence personnel as well as for biomedical applications.
“We have designed a hybrid photodetector using zinc oxide nanostructures on gold-nanoparticle-embedded silk protein for applications that combine electronics and light,” Samit K. Ray, currently officiating as the Director of S.N. Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences, Kolkata (on lien), told IANS.
A photo detector operates by converting light signals to a voltage or current. “The hybrid material can store data and can detect light, both in the ultraviolet and visible wavelength range, thereby offering greater sensitivity and scope of detection,” Ray said. The USP of the hybrid material is its flexibility, stretchability, biocompatibility and biodegradability.
“These properties are due to a combination of silk fibroin and semiconducting zinc oxide in presence of gold nanoparticles,” Ray noted. “Bombyx mori silk worms are the main producers of silk fibroins worldwide in the form of cocoons. These fibroins are attractive due to their high mechanical strength, toughness, thermal stability and biocompatibility/ biodegradability,” elaborated Ray.
Although 95 percent of commercial electronics and computing systems deploy silicon as the semi-conductor material, Ray said the team opted for zinc oxide instead. “Conventional silicon chip is usually considered to be rigid, as brittle and breakable as window glass. Zinc oxide nanorod array embedded in silk platform is flexible and can withstand mechanical stress and bending. “Moreover, the zinc oxide, under mechanical stress, generates electrical energy. This means these devices can be powered by the energy generated when a soldier is moving about,” Ray said.
This was important for crafting self-powered, flexible photo detector (light detector) devices, according to Ray. “In remote locations where power sources are scarce, the wearable technology can power up by mere movement of the user,” added Ray. Narendar Gogurla and Subhas C. Kundu are the co-authors of the study published in the journal Nanotechnology.
For authors, choosing a book cover is the fraught moment their very private creation starts putting on its game face and getting ready to enter the market. For cover designers, it can also be the beginning of their own struggle on behalf of their favorite ideas.
A proposed cover can be killed for any number of reasons. It's too dark. It's too light. (White covers don't look good on Amazon.) It looks too much like Y.A. fiction. It won't appeal to men. And the death blow can come from any direction: not just from then author and the agent, but from the publisher, the in-house sales force or buyers for the major retailers, who have been known to reduce the size of an order unless a cover is changed.
Designers can generate as many as 50 covers for high-profile books, though a half-dozen or so is more typical. Below are some killed covers whose creators couldn't quite let them rest in peace.
Are big technology companies out of control, as their rapid growth and influence has made them too big to fail?
Are big technology companies out of control, as their rapid growth and influence has made them too big to fail?
David Aaronovitch asks if companies such as Facebook, Google and Amazon can be reined in and explores a range of issues including innovation, data, privacy, competition and security.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has said their company will hand over to US investigators more than 3,000 advertisements bought by groups with links to Russia – and the Washington Post reported that President Obama had previously warned Mr Zuckerberg about the threat of fake news and political disinformation.
On this side of the Atlantic, another tech company - Uber – is now in big trouble with Transport For London over its license to operate in the capital, claiming the company was not “fit and proper”, citing major concerns about its approach to reporting criminal offences and carrying out background checks on drivers.
Both cases, and a plethora of others, have raised questions about the way big technology firms operate, and while they arguably bring immeasurable benefits to us in our everyday lives, governments have struggled to keep up with what they're up to.
CONTRIBUTORS
Jamie Bartlett, technology writer and author of Radicals: Outsiders Changing the World
Jonathan Taplin, author of Move Fast and Break Things
Eileen Burbidge, Chair of Tech City UK
Rana Foroohar, Financial Times columnist and author of Makers and Takers
Truth About It.net's Key Legislature: a quick run-down and the game's defining moment(s) for Washington Wizards contest No. 19 versus the Boston Celtics in Massachusetts, via Conor Dirks (@ConorDDirks) from their apartment in D.C.
by Conor Dirks.
Washington opened its first loss to a bad team with all the focus and effectiveness of a tranquilized bear covered in hot honey. That stickiness showed immediately, and even a late caffeine power shower was not enough to avoid the loss. Trailing by 18 points after three quarters, the Wizards got within one point twice in the final three minutes. But turnovers by Pierce and Wall with chances to tie or take the lead on subsequent possessions killed any chance to clutch victory from the plaque-riddled maw of defeat.
Before we dig in, let's bust some myths. Jeff Green (25 points) had to put on their basketball shorts and take the court at 1 p.m. on a Sunday just like every hardworking Wizard. Although the game slows down with experience, time moves at the same pace for every professional basketball player. An excuse for poor play due to the unusual start time is convenient for everyone who makes use of it.
Bad starts happen, and answers aren't as easy, or as crisp, as the play of the small-ball unit that almost brought the Wizards all the way back.
Two small lineups of Wall, Beal, Butler, Pierce and Humphries and Wall, Butler Porter, Pierce, and Nene were as aggressive, 3-point happy (11 of the team's 27 3-point attempts), and ball-hawking (forced eight of the 15 Boston turnovers) as you might expect. It's the first extended run of the season with Pierce at the 4, and it worked like gangbusters. If nothing else, this game is proof that such a lineup can be effective. Wittman, who has seemed reluctant to deploy Pierce in a non-traditional way, may want to consider further experimentation depending on the team's matchup. Washington won the fourth quarter 34-24, even accounting for the late-game freebie foul shots granted to Boston by way of strategic desperation.
Pierce has played four percent of Washington's minutes at the 4 this season. For reference, Andre Miller, who averages just 13 minutes per game, has averaged 26 percent of Washington's minutes at the point. The mid-game Band-Aid small ball application should be used in the future as a lunge, rather than a parry. It can be an effective tool for Washington, even if it's not sustainable (or even practical) to make it a primary feature, due to Washington's capable, and excellent, roster of bigs.
The final frame was a flurry of Rasual Butler 3-pointers. Butler, 35 years old, has one of the quickest releases on the team, making them an ideal button-pusher for John Wall's patented 3-point printer. Butler opened the quarter with back-to-back-to-back 3-pointers, all assisted by Wall.
Wall played the entire second half, and while the signs of that body taxation weren't apparent, Wall's game-sealing turnover, a jump-pass to no one in particular after a rather pointless drive towards the outer bounds of the basketball court, looked like a play made by a man with too many miles on their legs.
That turnover led to a 3-on-1 fast break opportunity for the Celtics, which they converted by way of a 3-pointer by Avery Bradley to put Boston up four points with 37 seconds left. It's worth noting that Jeff Green may have gotten away with a travel call, and an offensive foul, on the play.
Fatal turnover aside, Wall rebounded from a poor start to the game to end with 17 points, 14 assists, eight rebounds, three steals and three blocks. Their six turnovers leave a black smudge on the stat line, but Wall, unlike several other Wizards, found ways to make their presence a positive one. Bradley Beal (4-for-18) and Marcin Gortat (3-for-12) struggled all night. Beal shot an uncharacteristic 25 percent on uncontested shots, and even worse on those contested (20%). They were 1-for-8 on midrange jumpers, and 1-for-4 near the basket.
Gortat, for their part, was frustrated by a Boston defense that seemed to know what they planned before they executed it. Celtics defenders stood almost stock still in a half-circle around the restricted area, forcing the Wizards to shoot themselves out of the game without the benefit of one of its best plays, the Wall-to-Gortat pick and roll. Unable to force the team's will on the Celtics, Wittman abandoned their starter in favor of more range-capable centers in Nene and Humphries.
According to the Washington Post's Jorge Castillo, Randy Wittman said after the game that the Wizards “came out as a bunch of individuals.” Selfishness is a common Wittman scapegoat, but with all due respect to the head coach, it may not be the culprit (in fairness, no one is expecting them to deliver the postgame analysis equivalent of Sagan's Varieties of Scientific Experience). The Wizards only had three assists (compared to Boston's four) in the first quarter, but their passing was no less frequent than that of the opposing team (294 passes total compared to 298 by the Celtics), and only slightly less frequent than in the blowout victory over the Nuggets (309). The truth probably shades closer to poor shooting. After three quarters, the Wizards were shooting 32.8 percent, missing on assisted and unassisted types alike.
Tomorrow brings another chance, magnified due to the familiarity of the opponent. The Celtics, a rebuilding team, come to D.C. free of the baggage of expectation. The Wizards, burdened by the memory of a bad loss, will need the eternal sunshine of a spotless mind to rediscover the formula that allowed them to put away so many less talented teams at the beginning of the season.
New Delhi: India does not need to adopt a hawkish foreign policy stance but just has to be firm and responsible in its dealing with its neighbours, Minister of State for Home, Kiren Rijiju, said on Monday.
At a function to mark the foundation day of the National Investigation Agency (NIA), they also said that although there were apprehensions about such organisations in the country, the NIA has proved that these were ill-founded.
"Idea of India is as a symbol of peace. There is no need to adopt hawkish (foreign) policy. We are naturally a soft power. But soft does not mean weak. We have to be firm, responsible and strong in our resolve," they said.
Rijiju's comments come at a time when their senior in the Home Ministry, Rajnath Singh, has made it clear that India would give a "fitting" reply to Pakistan on any instance of firing by its troops on Indian posts and civilian areas.
The Minister of State for Home said that India's basic behaviour is soft and it must not adopt a hawkish agenda towards its neighbours.
"We must not agree to a posture of war but have to be firm and responsible, besides being a stable power," they said.
Meanwhile, lauding the NIA, they said, "There have been apprehensions among the states about organisations like NIA and NCTC. But the NIA has proved that the apprehensions were ill-founded."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, when they were earlier the Chief Minister of Gujarat, had strongly opposed the previous UPA government's move to create the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), saying it would "infringe" on the powers of the states. Given the opposition from several states, NCTC is yet to come into existence.
Earlier, delivering the second RV Raju memorial lecture on 'Pakistan and Neighbourhood: A Hawkish Agenda', senior journalist Shekhar Gupta highlighted various aspects of India's influence, including its democracy, on the neighbouring countries.
RV Raju, a former IPS officer was the first DG of NIA.
"We can have good influence on our neighbours, we can have bad influence on our neighbours. Neighbours always look upon us," Gupta said. Peaceful change of government in India through the working of the democratic process is a clean idea for its neighbours to follow, Gupta said. "Every time government change (happens) in India peacefully, it tells all its neighbours that this is what a country should do," they said.
Gupta averred that India has been pursuing a particular foreign policy for Pakistan and another policy for the remaining of its neighbours. New Delhi's approach towards Islamabad has to changed as it would contribute towards ending all insecurity in bilateral ties, they said. The noted journalist said India's foreign policy should not be guided by just "hawkish" or "dovish" framework, but by its strength of democracy and intellectual capital in conjunction with the astute use of military power.
Gupta also spoke at length on India's influence over its neighbouring countries, including Pakistan. They advocated a mix of "soft" and "hard" approach to attain foreign policy objectives.
On Pakistan, they said the world should take it upon itself to engage with the country and bring about a change in the society there.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
My Cosplay Page for more convention and costuming updates that I don't always post on here!!
Thank you very much for your support! for more convention and costuming updates that I don't always post on here!!Thank you very much for your support!
Okay, so maybe this photo is a bit morbid, but it's still one of my most favourite ones from my photoshoot with the lovelyon Facebook as theto myI was super excited to shoot with Happybunbun since we've known each other for a few years now but haven't gotten the chance to do anything like this. Dont worry, though, there will be plenty more happy go lucky photos that I'll be sharing with you all on here from our shoot. I just really enjoy this shot, which is why it's the first up! I urge you all to watch Puella Magi Madoka Magica if you haven't already since it's a really amazing series!! If you'd like to see more Madoka photos before I post them on here, feel free to check out myEdit - This photo is now up with others from our shoot together in abyonFeel more than free to check out
This article may contain personal views and opinion from the author.
On the lookout for a new smartphone
flexible
open
Defaulting to Android - not always a good idea
Embracing Windows Phone
Configuration, customization, and interactivity are pivotal benchmarks in modern technology. The ability to choose how we interact with our devices allows us to express our individuality over the things we own. Technological revolutions happen nearly every decade, if not faster than that. In 2006, no one owned a truly “smart phone.” At the beginning of 2014, cell phone technology is so ubiquitous that even the poorest in 1st world nations can have them. What will the next wave of world changing tech be? The rise of the Oculus Rift and its growing number of accessories suggest simulation. Around the world, more automated devices, drones, and robots take care of small household chores. They are taking an ever larger role in warfare. It is only a matter of time before they are taking care of our other needs.
What happens when the things we own aren't simply inanimate rectangles with flashing lights? What will we do when the technology blurs the lines between the uncanny valley and we can purchase companions of our own choosing?
At the moment, this might seem like a far off fantasy, but the groundwork is already being laid. Sex dolls aren't the blow up nylon monstrosities of hundreds of frat boy pranks. They are starting to look human. They are starting to move. They are starting to speak. As of this moment, it is all pre-recorded, but the simulation gets stronger every year.
The oculus rift can be paired with sex toys that can be used for either sex. The virtual reality device will project whatever is desired on the screen, immersing the user's visual and auditory senses while the devices stimulate the rest. On top of that, they are now linked, so people on opposite ends of the planets can be joined in what is happening in the simulation.
It isn't hard to see that the combination of these different methods of sexual gratification isn't far off. Men and women will be able to purchase an android to take care of their household needs. Eventually, these robots will start taking over the emotional needs. It's only natural what comes next. It will come to a point where many men and women will choose the company of a simulated human instead of dealing with the world of dating, heartbreak, and loss.
These automated, and perhaps autonomous, machines will be able to smash the Turing test, reach through the barriers of their own inhumanity, and become the lovers of and friends to many lonely people. It only makes sense. You purchase a machine that could be your custom designed perfect mate. Someone who won't judge you based on any amount of absurd preferences, and is programmed to do your bidding. The machine will never turn you down. It will never be selfish. It will always remember to clean the house after you leave, and if told, never have eyes for anyone else. It could be the perfect lover.
Where will this put human interaction? If it is so easy to find the perfect person for you in an android, will humans simply stop seeking the attention of one another? Or are we so designed for chaos that the perfection of a robot will be too boring? What will it do to our normal idea of family? Will we watch the idea of robosexual marriage become a political topic? Or will it simply become another novelty device to be used and discarded? Tell us your opinion in the comments.
Dr. Randii Wessen has been an employee of the California Institute of Technology's Jet Propulsion Laboratory since 1984 and is the A-Team Lead Study Architect for JPL's Innovation Foundry. He's in Australia for two weeks to discuss the robotic planetary missions currently in operations at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and those planned for the upcoming decades. The talk will include the search for “Terra Nova”, the search for an Earth-like planet outside of our Solar System.
Dr. Wessen has had an exciting career, working on some of the biggest inter-planetary missions in the last two decades. Previously, Dr. Wessen was the Telecommunications and Mission Systems Manager for the Mars Program, the Supervisor for the Science System Engineering Group, Manager of the Cassini Science Planning & Operations Element, the Galileo Deputy Sequence Team Chief, and the Voyager Science Sequence Coordinator for the Uranus and Neptune encounters.
Dr. Wessen received their Bachelors of Science in both Physics & Astronomy from Stony Brook University, a Masters of Science in Astronautics from the University of Southern California, and a Doctorate in Operations Research from the University of South Wales, United Kingdom. They co-authored the books “Neptune: the Planet, Rings and Satellites” & “Planetary Ring Systems.” They were the recipient of NASA's Exceptional Service Medal for their contributions to the Voyager 2 Neptune Encounter and has eleven NASA Group Achievement Awards. Dr. Wessen is also a fellow of both the Royal Astronomical Society and the British Interplanetary Society and an Associate Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics & Astronautics. Asteroid 31664 (Randiiwessen) is named in their honour.
John Houser railed against women, gay people and African Americans and thanked accused South Carolina shooter Dylann Roof for their ‘wake-up call'
The mentally unstable gunman who shot up a Louisiana movie theater last summer left a rambling, hate-filled journal in which they called the US a “filth farm”, railed against women, gay people and black people, and thanked a man accused of killing nine churchgoers in South Carolina for their “wake-up call”.
The handwritten, 40-page journal released Wednesday does not explain why John Russell Houser decided to kill two people and wound nine at a screening of Trainwreck last July. They didn't say a word as they opened fire, killing Jillian Johnson, a 33-year-old musician and business owner, and Mayci Breaux, a 21-year-old student. They died from a self-inflicted gunshot before anyone could question him.
But the contents suggest Houser expected to die, and knew others would read the words they left in their room at a Motel 6. Shortly before the shooting, Houser wrote on the last page that they were leaving the journal “in hopes of truth, my death all but assured”.
Houser, a 59-year-old drifter, also shared their “random thoughts” on politics, the news media, the presidential race, the Ten Commandments, their favorite movies and music, and their view of the future.
“If you have not stood against filth, you are now a soft target,” they wrote on the lined pages of the notebook.
“America is in the midst of celebrating filth, and as such they are the enemy,” they later added.
Houser described Dylann Roof – a young white man accused of killing nine people inside a historic black church in Charleston in June – as “green but good”. “Thank you for the wake-up call Dylann,” they added.
Investigators described the shooting in gruesome detail in reports that totalled 589 pages. They determined that Houser entered the theater with a handgun hidden in their pants and waited several minutes before pulling it out and opening fire. Police swiftly responded. They eventually interviewed 70 witnesses.
One described seeing Houser walking down the steps, firing rounds at victims before shooting themselves in the head. Another said they heard someone scream “He's reloading!” before they ran out.
Authorities also shared findings regarding Houser's troubled past. In social media posts, Houser talked about their political beliefs and “anti-government tendencies”, they noted.
“Comments posted in their own writing revealed their ideals and that they had battled their local government and had a hatred for the United States Government,” one report stated. “Houser's interests also included ‘Golden Dawn', which is a Greek organization with neo-Nazi beliefs.”
Houser had a long history of erratic behavior in the Georgia and Alabama communities where they lived before drifting to Lafayette, a city where their uncle had lived decades earlier.
In 2008, a Georgia judge ordered them detained for a mental evaluation after relatives claimed they were a danger to themselves and others. But that judge did not have them involuntarily committed, which could explain how they passed a federal background check in 2014. They legally bought the .40-caliber handgun they used in the shooting from a pawn shop in Phenix City, Alabama, where they became estranged from their family, lost their businesses and faced eviction from their home.
Before they were finally forced out, they ruined the property, pouring concrete into the plumbing and glue into the fixtures, police said. Their estranged wife, Kellie Houser, filed for divorce in March of 2015, saying they had repeatedly threatened them
Lafayette police chief Jim Craft has said Houser visited the theater more than once, perhaps to determine “whether there was anything that could be a soft target for him”.
Investigators found wigs and disguises in their room, raising the possibility that they had considered making an escape after the shooting. Police said they did try to blend in with the fleeing crowd but turned back and killed themselves as police approached.
Trainwreck star Amy Schumer spoke tearfully of the two women killed in the shooting as they urged lawmakers to support a gun control bill sponsored by their second cousin, US senator Chuck Schumer.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Wisconsin is closer to becoming the next state to demand a convention to alter the U.S. Constitution.
An Assembly committee voted Wednesday to advance measures from Republican Sen. Chris Kapenga that would make Wisconsin the 30th of 34 states needed to force a convention.
Supporters want to amend the country's guiding document to require a balanced federal budget. Critics, including Democrats and a handful of spectators that held signs urging committee members to reject the proposals, say it's dangerous to open the Constitution up for editing.
The committee also passed an amendment to let delegates remove those who take action outside of the convention's scope.
The measures already passed a Senate committee. Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald has said they need more information while Speaker Robin Vos is onboard.
The San Francisco 49ers continue the search to replenish their depleted linebacking corps.
Veteran Lance Briggs has a visit scheduled with the Niners on Monday, NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported on Saturday.
The 34-year-old spent their first 12 NFL years with the Chicago Bears helping anchor some dominant defenses in the Windy City, including a trip to Super Bowl XLI.
Briggs played just eight games in 2014 before being placed on injured reserve with a groin injury. Despite missing large chunks of the past two seasons, the linebacker told ESPN.com they can "still perform at an elite level" as they look to continue their career.
The 49ers' linebacking unit went from a strength a year ago to one that is desperate for help after the retirements of Patrick Willis and Chris Borland. NaVorro Bowman is returning from an ACL injury and Michael Wilhoite is the only inside 'backer on the roster who started 16 games last season.
Briggs grew up in Elk Grove, California -- about two hours from the Niners' current home in Santa Clara -- and was a 49ers fan in their youth. The linebacker also opened a restaurant in Elk Grove last year.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast discusses C.J. Spiller's potential with the Saints and features the return of Win Wess' Toaster! Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
Kyle Farnsworth is now an All-Star defensive lineman on a semi-pro football team
Photo via Orlando Phantoms Facebook
Kyle Farnsworth played 16 seasons in the Major Leagues. They were a solid reliever for much of their career and one of the few that could top the 100-mph threshold. The 39-year-old stopped playing baseball after the 2014 season, but, thanks to SB Nation, we've learned they are not yet done with competitive sports. He's currently starring as a defensive lineman for the Orlando Phantoms in a semi-pro football league. Seriously, check out their roster here.
Just to make it official, it's true I have been playing football for the @Orlando_Phantom in the @FFAFootball . It's been awesome! — Kyle Farnsworth (@24_7Farnsworth) May 6, 2015
Farnsworth has recorded a sack in every Phantoms game except for two, leads the team in tackles and has been selected to the Florida Football Alliance All-Star team. Go get 'em, Farnzy. We knew you had it in you.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Matt Monagan writes at night for Cut4. In their spare time, they travel and searches Twitter for Wily Mo Pena news.
0 of 5
Alex Brandon/Associated Press
The 33-16 Toronto Raptors should be looking at their 11-game schedule in February with mixed emotions.
They'll be happy knowing they get some semblance of a break in the middle of the month for NBA All-Star weekend. For a team that's appeared fatigued and unenthused during stretches over the past several weeks, some time away from the hardwood should do wonders.
Then again, with nine of their 11 games being against teams above the .500 mark, it's easy to see the Raptors being worse for wear when it's all said and done.
They're 9-5 in their last 14 games, although just two of those wins came against winning teams (Milwaukee and Washington). They've proved they can handle the riffraff of the NBA, but with an 11-12 record against teams above .500, hanging with the best of the best on a consistent basis is something they're still trying to achieve.
A mere six games separate the No. 2 and No. 6 seeds in the Eastern Conference. Competition is heating up as teams jockey for position near the top of the standings with the playoffs not too far off in the distance.
It's going to be tough. As resourceful as the Raptors have proved to be over the course of the season, emerging from February with their heads still on their shoulders may be easier said then done.
“At any moment, you have a choice, that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it.” ~Thich Nhat Hanh
When I was a kid, I wanted to be an Olympic figure skater. Or an artist for Disney. Or maybe a musician.
I wanted to be a songwriter and choreographer.
I made up roller skating routines in the driveway to Tiffany and Paula Abdul. (It was most excellent.)
I filled notebooks upon notebooks with illustrations.
And if you were to ask me to describe myself, I might have said, “happy.” Or I would have chattered on about my dreams and all the interesting things I liked.
Ask me today, and just like any other adult, my automatic response would probably be something along the lines of what I do and how hard I work, as if I'm interviewing for a job.
I'm a psychologist. I'm a hard worker. I'm dedicated.
(Adults aren't always so good at this.)
Somewhere around junior high, my identity shifted from happy and interested in everything to being studious and serious about everything.
Until very recently, I wouldn't have thought to describe myself as joyful, creative, or inquisitive.
Whereas I once thought about doing what fed my spirit, I started thinking about earning potential and prestige. Rather than doing things because they brought me joy, I did them because I was good at them. And things that I wasn't did make the cut.
This was the time to start getting serious. Win the awards. Get scholarships. Get recognized.
And stop wasting time.
Things got competitive, too. Friends started talking about test scores, then it was talk about college and graduate school and publications and careers.
It was during that time that I also discovered insecurity. I got caught up in not good enough thinking, and I felt like an imposter all the time.
I don't even think I noticed that I'd forgotten about joy. I'd laugh as I said, “I'll be happy when…” only to find that there was always another “when” lurking around the corner.
I'd forgotten what we all know as children, that joy is a part of us. It's not a place you arrive when you finally finish all of this serious business. It's a piece of you that needs to be nurtured.
But I didn't nurture the joy. I let it go because I thought I could live without it. Even the things I did in the name of self-care had lost their joy.
Running, which once left me feeling as free as the wind, became about getting faster and going farther.
Yoga, which was meant to be a grounding and compassionate practice for me, became about sticking that handstand a little longer.
Setting goals isn't the problem here. It's just that accomplishments aren't the same thing as thriving.
Looking back at all of this, I see that I'd made myself so small, I forgot I was in there at all.
Oh, my success more than spoke for itself, but joy? Interests? Excitement? I'd shut them down one by one because I wasn't good enough or because they weren't serious enough.
I stopped drawing.
I stopped making jewelry.
I stopped doing things just because they were enjoyable.
And why? Because I thought I could live without them.
I did everything you're supposed to do, and I did everything in my power to do it just right. I got into that fancy private school on a full-ride, got the Ph.D., got the license, and got the stable job. And I became so entrenched in this serious, hard-worker identity that I forgot about me.
I'm truly grateful for the opportunities and privileges and people in my life, but as a human being it felt like something was missing. Maybe those things I'd been living without might have been more necessary than I thought.
Little pieces of that happy little girl popped up from time to time, but I'd push them away or turn them into something too perfect.
And then one of those pieces shouted at me so loudly I couldn't ignore it any longer. I was sitting on the blue mat in my son's room reading Pete the Cat when it happened.
You should do this. Write a children's book.
I could almost see myself step outside of my body and look at me in disbelief.
Really? You? Write a children's book?
I tried to brush it off, but my heart was pounding and I could hardly breathe. I tried to go about my business, thinking this would go away on its own. But it didn't.
After a lot of back and forth with myself, I finally mumbled the words to my husband, “I think I want to write a children's book.”
I braced myself for the same look of disbelief I gave myself, but none came.
“You should do it,” they said, apparently not at all surprised.
As much as I'd like to say this was some kind of magical transformation, it wasn't. I didn't quit my job and whip out a world-famous, award-winning children's book. But that's not the point of this story anyway.
The point is that I found joy again.
It took a while. I thought about it and analyzed it trying to make it disappear. I told myself I didn't know what I was doing and didn't have the time.
The thought stuck with me, though, growing louder and louder until, under the cover of darkness in the early morning hours, I pulled a sheet of paper from the printer, sharpened a pencil, and sat down.
Like one of those scenes from a movie when someone who's had amnesia suddenly remembers their entire life, the memories of all the things I thought I could live without came flooding back.
Have I really been living without this all this time?
I filled pages upon pages with illustrations.
I made up rhymes and stories.
And do you know what happened? I didn't just feel joy. I felt free.
I could probably go on living without this, but now I see that I don't have to.
I didn't need to quit my job.
I didn't neglect my children.
The house didn't crumble at my feet.
Pursuing this didn't need to make me a cent. I didn't even need to be very good at it.
Because it was always about joy, and that's not something I want to live without anymore.
Living with joy doesn't hurt anything. It doesn't diminish your drive or ambition. It doesn't make you less intelligent. And it sure doesn't make you any less important.
Living with joy makes you free, and that freedom reminds of everything that is possible. Even the serious things.
On the outside, my life probably looks pretty much the same since that night I sat on my son's blue mat, but on the inside, everything is different.
Since then, I found that little girl that I didn't even know had gone missing.
I remembered the roller skating routines, designing t-shirt, setting up photo shoots in the living room, and sitting on the edge of my seat holding my breath watching decorating shows.
I remembered what it feels like to be happy and excited and inquisitive.
And now I get it. Just because you can live without something doesn't mean you have to.
What piece of joy have you been telling yourself you can live without?
What do you think would happen if you said one day, “I don't have to live without this?”
You can find that joy, even if that little piece of joy has been buried for a long time.
To begin, start by saying yes to yourself a little more. Yes to that little spark of curiosity, yes to that little smile that you shrug off, and definitely yes to that burning feeling inside your chest that screams, “Listen to this. This is joy.”
It doesn't matter if it feels ridiculous, it doesn't matter if it's “wasting time,” and it sure doesn't matter if you're any good at it. What matters is the feeling you get when you do it. Because that feeling like you're going to laugh and cry and sit silently and run through the halls singing all at once, that's joy. (And you don't need to live without it.)
Remember to pursue more than success or accomplishment. Those are important, but so are the things that bring you meaning, connection, and engagement in your life.
Feel the spontaneous moments of joy that seem to bubble up out of nowhere, and plan a few to look forward to. Fill those moments with activities that fill you up. Simply unplugging is not enough when you're after joy. And above all else, do not cancel on yourself.
As you do this, stay alert for that voice that says you can live without this. Maybe you can, but maybe you don't have to anymore.
About Leslie Ralph Leslie is writer and artist who hopes to leave the world a little brighter than they found it. Them people are soul-searchers, deep feelers, and big-hearted dreamers that crave inner peace and inner truth. Download their free ritual for receiving to bring true healing, inner peace, and lasting joy into your life.
Promotion for Star Trek Beyond must go on despite Anton Yelchin's tragic death, Simon Pegg has said.
Talking to Magic Radio, Pegg stated that although it will be difficult, the cast and crew on the blockbuster sequel owe it to the Chekov actor to drum up support for the release.
"He should still be here, but we have to make this about Anton now," Pegg said. "And we talked about how hard it was going to be to get out there and bang the drum for this movie when we've lost one of our family.
Paramount Pictures
"But for their sake and for their memory, we're going to make it. It's something that we just now have to contend with."
Yelchin, 27, died in a freak accident when their car rolled down their driveway at their home and pinned them against the gate.
Following the news of their death, the Star Trek cast cancelled an appearance at Cannes.
Paramount
Car manufacturer Chrysler also said that it will investigate the details surrounding the incident.
Zoe Saldana was among the many stars to pay tribute to Yelchin, calling them "kind, present, old-souled, curious, brilliant, funny, humble, honest, and undeniably talented".
1:25pm: Alderson acknowledged the trade talks and said they don't expect them to accelerate during the GM Meetings according to Martino, who heard from other executives that talks are just preliminary (Twitter link). Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com reports (on Twitter) that the Mets seek outfield and catcher help in a deal. They still haven't ruled out an extension either.
11:51am: Andy Martino of The New York Daily News says there is still "healthy internal debate" about Dickey within the organization and that nothing is final (Twitter links). They could look to act quickly if progress towards a contract extension is made, however.
11:34am: The Mets are showing little interest in signing R.A. Dickey to an extension and are discussing the knuckleballer in trades, reports Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports (on Twitter). Earlier this morning Joel Sherman of The New York Post reported that there is still a significant gap in contract talks, so the team started to gauge trade interest.
Dickey, 38, is a finalist for the Cy Young Award after pitching to a 2.73 ERA this season. They led the NL in starts (33), innings (233 2/3), and strikeouts (230) while winning 20 games. The Mets exercised Dickey's club option after the season, so he'll earn $5MM next season before qualifying for free agency. Zack Greinke is the only ace-caliber pitcher on the free agent market, so GM Sandy Alderson has some leverage in trade talks even though Dickey is only under contract for one more year.
Eric Frein of Canadensis made comments about wanting to kill police or commit mass murder, and then did more than talk, investigators say.
Eric Frein of Canadensis made comments about wanting to kill police or commit mass murder, and then did more than talk, investigators say.
Frein is accused of ambushing the Blooming Grove state police barracks in a sniper attack last Friday, killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and leaving Trooper Alex Douglas seriously injured.
Then Frein disappeared, possibly into the vast forests of Pike or Monroe County.
Officials believe they are a survivalist, is still in the area and is carrying at least two guns. A massive manhunt continues. The FBI has put them on its 10 Most Wanted list.
As news of the murder spread last weekend, there were a number of shocking, social media comments celebrating the killing of a police officer.
It takes a real whack-o to celebrate any murder. Intense hate of police is curious, because these are people who vow to serve and protect citizens.
Some of these ugly sentiments may come from the sovereign citizen movement. These are extremists who believe that even though they physically reside in this country, they are separate or "sovereign" from the United States. As a result, they believe they don't have to answer to any government authority, including courts, taxing entities, motor vehicle departments, or law enforcement, according to the FBI's website.
They are above the law.
Unless you are a criminal, it is hard to understand cop haters.
The very people who were attacked in the barracks ambush are out there searching for the killer, because they are brave and compelled to protect society.
There is a word for someone who deems an entire group of people scum. Prejudice.
I suppose haters will argue that they are justified in hating police and will throw out examples like Furguson, Missouri, where a police officer fatally shot an unarmed teen.
Save it. Individual incidents don't define the group.
Police officers face the bad guys every day, never knowing what danger they will meet while enforcing the law.
They see how lives are destroyed by addiction, untreated mental health problems and poverty and have the power to make a difference in the lives of those affected.
Removing drunk drivers from the roads saves lives. Arresting pedophiles rescues victims from further abuse. Uncovering fraud and corruption helps society.
In 2011, William Holley of Matamoras booby-trapped the door to their house with flares, had many weapons, and barricaded themselves inside and later said they regretted not shooting the officers who came to help him. Eastern Pike Regional Police diffused the situation without anyone being harmed.
Just another day at work for police.
As in any collection of humans, some are more flawed than others, and those who don't work with integrity should be removed for the noble profession.
But if you hate all police as a group, and especially of you who celebrated the murder of Cpl. Bryon Dickson, check your moral compass. It is pointing at you as one of the bad guys.
Sportscar Vintage Racing Association drivers took to the 21-turn, 2.8-mile road-course configuration last weekend at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, California, for the 15th annual Southern California Historic Sports Car Festival.
The fourth event of the 2016 West Coast season, the SoCal SVRA event began with a full day of open testing along with an optional driver orientation program for drivers who had not previously been on the track or who wanted to gain a few extra “go-fast” tips.
Plagued by near-constant rainfall, the following two days of competition tested drivers and cars as racing in the rain proved to be mastered only by knowledge and experience. Race days also featured exhibition laps on the oval twice each day for vintage and historic Indy cars and sprint cars.
The SVRA works to ensure wheel-to-wheel completion among similar cars from the same era, restored to a condition consistent with their original, as-raced, specifications. Pre-race inspections and post-race followups are held to ensure that each car is in accordance with the appropriate rules for its category and to make sure that the only on-track advantage lies with the driver and their ability.
As a result, cars competing in the race were split into groups consisting of small- and medium-bore production cars, Formula Ford, sports cars and sedans produced prior to 1979, formula cars, historic stock cars, big-bore production, Can-Am and GTP, and exhibition cars, with Indy cars on the oval only.
Unlike many other motorsports series, SVRA events feature “open pits,” which allow spectators to see the cars up close and tp interact with the drivers and crews.
The next West Coast SVRA event will be the Sonoma Historic Motorsports Festival, June 2-5, north of San Francisco, followed by the Portland Vintage Racing Festival July 7-10 in Oregon lastly the Coronado Speed Festival, held September 16-18 in San Diego as part of Fleet Week.
Photos by Nicole James
ALBION has today completed the signing of England international defender Kieran Gibbs from Arsenal for an undisclosed fee.
The 27-year-old left-back joins the Baggies on a four-year deal and has elected to wear the No. 3 shirt.
Gibbs joins the Baggies after spending more than a decade at Arsenal - where they made over 200 appearances for the Gunners - and with ten England caps to their name.
But Kieran is now ready to embrace a new challenge. They say: "I watched the boys in the first few games of the season and they've got a lot of energy. They've made some good signings and I feel this is a good move for me."
Albion Chairman John Williams says: "I'm delighted to welcome Kieran to the Club. We have recruited another quality addition, an England player with bags of experience at Premier League and Champions League level. We are confident they will do well for us."
Albion's summer transfer window business has now seen Gibbs, Oliver Burke, Gareth Barry, Ahmed Hegazi and Jay Rodriguez join their squad for this season's Premier League challenge. The Baggies have also signed China international striker Yuning Zhang who has started a two-year loan to Werder Bremen.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Driving America - Key West Florida USA
Upload date:
April 4 2017
Uploaded by:
americanpatriot
Video description:
Driving America - Key West Florida USA - Starting Point: Duval Street - https://goo.gl/maps/J92ouVGPJLv - Key West is a city in and the county seat of Monroe County, Florida, United States. The city encompasses the island of Key West, the part of Stock Island north of U.S. 1 (the Overseas Highway) (east), Sigsbee Park (north, originally known as Dredgers Key), Fleming Key (north), and Sunset Key (west, originally known as Tank Island). Both Fleming Key and Sigsbee Park are part of Naval Air Station Key West and are inaccessible by civilians. Key West is the county seat of Monroe County. Key West is the southernmost city in the Continental United States. It also contains the southern terminus of U.S. 1, State Road A1A, the East Coast Greenway and, before 1935, the Florida East Coast Railway. Key West is 129 miles (208 km) southwest (229.9 degrees) of Miami, Florida,(about 160 miles (260 km) by car) and 106 miles (171 km) north-northeast (21.2 degrees) of Havana, Cuba. Cuba, at its closest point, is 94 statute miles (151 km) south. Key West is a seaport destination for many passenger cruise ships. The Key West International Airport provides airline service. Hotels and guest houses are available for lodging. Naval Air Station Key West is an important year round training site for naval aviation due to the superb weather conditions. It is also a reason the city was chosen as the Winter White House of President Harry S. Truman. The central business district primarily comprises Duval Street, and includes much of the northwest corner of the island along Whitehead, Simonton, Front, Greene, Caroline, and Eaton Streets and Truman Avenue. The official city motto is "One Human Family." Points of interest One of the biggest attractions on the island is a concrete replica of a buoy at the corner of South and Whitehead Streets that claims to be the southernmost point in the contiguous United States (see Extreme Points). Erected in 1983, the famous brightly painted and labeled "SOUTHERNMOST POINT CONTINENTAL U.S.A.", it is one of the most visited and photographed attractions in Key West. However, the marker is not located at the southernmost point in the continental United States, as discussed below: Whitehead Spit, on the Truman Annex property just west of the buoy, is the true southernmost point, but it has no marker since it is U.S. Navy land and cannot be entered by civilian tourists. The private yards directly to the east of the buoy and the beach areas of Truman Annex and Fort Zachary Taylor Historic State Park also lie farther south than the buoy. The farthest-south location that the public can visit is the seaward end of the White Street Pier. Florida's, and by extension the continental United States', true physically southernmost point is Ballast Key, a private island owned by David W. Wolkowsky, a wealthy developer, about 10 miles (16 km) west of Key West. Although Ballast Key is located within both the Key West National Wildlife Refuge and the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary, signs on the island strictly prohibit unauthorized visitors. The claim "90 Miles to Cuba" on the monument is close to correct, Cuba at its closest point has been measured at 94 statute miles (151 km) from Key West. The original Key West settlement on the western part of the island is called "Old Town" and comprises the Key West Historic District. It includes the major tourist destinations of the island, including Mallory Square, Duval Street, the Truman Annex and Fort Zachary Taylor. It is where are found the classic bungalows and guest mansions. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_West,_Florida
Total views:
354
If there's one thing you can count on Disney for, it's creating strong leading female characters in its movies – and then reducing them to wide-eyed idiots in their merchandising. The Belle who obsessed on books and the Tiana who scrimped and saved for their own restaurant, the warrior Mulan and the wise Pocahontas – they've all been reduced to flowing hair and off-the-shoulder dresses and coy looks in their post-cinematic incarnations. But when the mouse tried to give its "Brave" hero Merida a "Stepford Wives" makeover, it finally went too far.
Last week, Disney announced that it was adding the headstrong, flame-haired hero to its "Princess" collection. But it was the revamped image of Merida -- their waist nipped, their eyes elongated, their messy tangle of hair a sexy tumble, their plain dress a shimmer of bling and their trademark bow and arrow nowhere to be seen – that set parents' jaws dropping. Disney blandly told Yahoo Shine that "Merida exemplifies what it means to be a Disney Princess through being brave, passionate, and confident and they remain the same strong and determined Merida from the movie whose inner qualities have inspired moms and daughters around the world." But it didn't quell the disgust.
Advertisement:
Fans quickly launched a Change.org petition against the "skinnier, sexier and more mature in appearance" Merida, asking Disney to "Keep Our Hero Brave!" And in an email to the Marin Independent Journal, "Brave's" Oscar-winning co-writer and co-director Brenda Chapman -- who originally envisioned Merida as "a different kind of princess," said, "There is an irresponsibility to this decision that is appalling for women and young girls. Disney marketing and the powers that be that allow them to do such things should be ashamed of themselves ... I think it's atrocious what they have done to Merida. When little girls say they like it because it's more sparkly, that's all fine and good but, subconsciously, they are soaking in the sexy 'come hither' look and the skinny aspect of the new version. It's horrible! Merida was created to break that mold — to give young girls a better, stronger role model, a more attainable role model, something of substance, not just a pretty face that waits around for romance."
And so, while not acknowledging anything weird about its clumsy attempt at restyling, Disney quietly put the original messy, freckly, slightly overbitey, "strong, fearless, adventurous" Merida on its Princess page. She's definitely the "one of these things that's not like the others" among their sultry cohorts, but it's a difference that's beautiful. Of all the princesses, Merida is now the one who most looks like a normal teenage girl, with an open smile and a gaze that's bright and direct – a far cry from the creepily "Hello sailor" action the other ladies are working.
But this isn't quite a victory for substance over sexualization. Think Disney's going to stop rolling out the Merida merchandise, including the shiny, glossy action figure, now? Doubtful. More than the Merida issue, though, there's the whole bizarre, absurdly lucrative, damn near inescapable Princess Industrial Complex itself.
I have two daughters who have spent many happy years playing dress-up and skipping off to school in tutus. I am a girly girl myself; a woman who owns their own tiara, and who recently had lunch with someone who said, "You know, I don't think I've ever seen you in pants." But there's something deeply disturbing and wrongheaded about the Disney princessization of American girlhood. The princesses, in their merchandise state, aren't heros. They're just strange, sparkly happy endings. Not to be a buzzkill, but you do know that Belle, in their poufy yellow dress, is a prisoner, right? And that the pink-clad Ariel lining the toy aisle has recently sacrificed their power of speech? I'm just saying, context.
And if the chipper image of these pretty, happy princesses is a little out of whack, even odder is the more recent deluge of baby and toddler merch, known, freakily enough, as "My First Disney Princess" toys. Yep, skilled, smart characters are being shrunk down to helpless infants. Now baby Cinderella is getting married. And Baby Ariel has legs. Legs. I don't even understand that. Your inconsistency is vexing, baby princesses!
The message – one that is now rammed down our daughters' throats from birth, literally -- is not one of effort or even action. Princesses don't become princesses; they simply are princesses, even as babies. That Disney has left Merida relatively alone in one small corner of its brand doesn't change that. There's no narrative, no adventure, in the Disney princess world -- just the simpering image of pretty girls with crowns on their heads. I just hope that no matter what Disney tries to pull, we as parents and consumers don't forget the stories behind those princesses. Because in the movie, when they try to cram Merida into that lovely blue gown that their doll counterpart now smilingly sports, they grouse, "Curse this dress." And they stretch themselves right out of it.
WASHINGTON -- There were no U.S. combat casualties in Afghanistan in the month of March -- only the third month in over 12 years of war in which there were no combat-related U.S. deaths in the country. It was also the first time since July 2002 that there were no U.S. combat fatalities anywhere.
Pentagon data as of Monday, March 31 confirms that the last U.S. deaths from the war in Afghanistan were in the month of February. However, two coalition members died in March, according to the website iCasualties.
Thus far in 2014, 14 Americans have died in the war in Afghanistan. The only other months to have no U.S. combat deaths in Afghanistan were January 2007 and July 2002 -- also the month in which there were no U.S. combat fatalities at all.
The United States has been in Afghanistan since October 2001, making it the longest war in U.S. history. Since Operation Enduring Freedom began, 2,312 U.S. military servicemen and women have died and 19,693 have been wounded in action, according to the Pentagon. In the Iraq War, 4,489 died and 32,239 were wounded in action.
Over 13,000 Afghan soldiers and police officers have been killed in the war in Afghanistan, according to Afghan government data released in early March.
There is no agreement for U.S. and NATO troops to be in Afghanistan after 2014. Afghan President Hamid Karzai has thus far refused to sign any deal extending their presence. President Barack Obama told Karzai in a recent telephone call that they had directed the U.S. military to prepare for a complete withdrawal by the end of the year. However, Obama said that they were open to leaving a limited military force in Afghanistan. Most observers think any deal will only come after Afghan elections, which are slated for this month but could go later, in the case of a runoff.
The war in Afghanistan is viewed as increasingly unpopular by the American public. A February Gallup survey found that 49 percent thought it was a mistake and 48 percent did not. That was a radical shift from November 2001, when 9 percent thought it was a mistake while 89 percent did not. A CNN/ORC poll in December found that 17 percent backed the war, while 57 percent thought it was going badly.
While no U.S. troops died in March, some consequences of the war do not show up in Pentagon statistics, but have a profound impact on the almost 2 million men and women who have served in the wars. The Huffington Post's David Wood has extensively reported on moral injury, "increasingly acknowledged as the signature wound of this generation of veterans: a bruise on the soul, akin to grief or sorrow, with lasting impact on the individuals and on their families."
NEW YORK (AFP) - Donald Trump's campaign chairperson, Paul Manafort, resigned on Friday (Aug 19) under fire over a Ukrainian corruption investigation and after being sidelined by a recent personnel reshuffle as the Republican nominee languishes in the polls.
The departure of the smooth-talking strategist, who has advised Republican presidential candidates going back to Gerald Ford, follows weeks of damaging US media reports about a White House campaign in crisis.
“This morning, Paul Manafort offered, and I accepted, their resignation from the campaign,” Trump said in a statement, thanking them for “his great work” and hailing them a “true professional.”
Trump had recruited Manafort, who formerly advised pro-Kremlin former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych and a host of foreign dictators, to head off what was then a potentially contested Republican convention.
It had marked Manafort's first return to top-level Republican politics in 20 years – having been reportedly passed over in 2008 by John McCain, who was allegedly alarmed in part over their ties to Yanukovych.
But it seems it was an appointment that both Trump and Manafort came to regret.
Manafort was credited with trying to turn the brash-talking 70-year-old New York billionaire, who has never previously held elected office, into a figure more palatable to the general electorate.
Yet a series of controversies and colossal missteps, including a protracted row with the Muslim American parents of a soldier killed in Iraq, saw the Republican tank in the polls.
Their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton now leads on average 47.2 per cent to Trump's 41.2 per cent, according to Real Clear Politics, and is ahead in virtually every swing state.
But as the US press published story after story of a campaign in crisis, of staff tearing their hair out with their boss' seeming inability to stay on message, Trump batted aside suggestions that they should change tack.
On Wednesday, they appeared to sideline Manafort further in appointing a right-wing news executive, Stephen Bannon, as campaign chief executive and promoting veteran pollster Kellyanne Conway to campaign manager.
The personnel reshuffle saw Manafort retain their position as chief strategist, at least on paper, but the move was widely seen as a demotion.
That came two days after Manafort was thrust into the headlines in connection with a Ukrainian corruption investigation, shining an unwelcome spotlight on their past as a lobbyist for rogues and dictators.
The head of Ukraine's newly formed National Anti-Corruption Bureau, Artem Sytnyk, said that more than US$12 million (S$16 million) was earmarked for payment to Manafort from 2007 to 2012, although it was not clear if they received the money.
Manafort denied any wrongdoing, saying they had “never received a single ‘off-the books cash payment,'” or worked for the governments of Ukraine or Russia.
Their departure now appears to coincide with a new era in the Trump campaign. On Friday, the ticket released its first television ads, equating Clinton with disorder and illegal immigration.
“In Hillary Clinton's America, the system stays rigged against Americans,” claims the US$4.8 million ad, which is being aired in the battleground states of Florida, North Carolina, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
“Syrian refugees flood in. Illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay, collecting social security benefits, skipping the line. Our border open.” In contrast, “Donald Trump's America is secure,” it says. “Terrorists and dangerous criminals: kept out. The border: secure. Our families: safe.” Clinton has already spent US$61 million on television ads, according to NBC television.
On Thursday, Trump also took many by surprise in for the first time expressing “regret” for having said “the wrong thing” and causing “personal pain” – apparently alluding to recent missteps – at a campaign rally in Charlotte.
India's indigenous Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas reached Sakhir Air Base last week to participate in the Bahrain International Air Show 2016, which will be held from January 21. This will be the first appearance of Tejas at a foreign air show, and is bound to be compared with Pakistan's JF-17 Thunder fighter produced with Chinese help.
Thunder
Advertising
JF-17 Thunder is a third-generation fighter co-produced by Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC), Kamra, and China's Chengdu Aircraft Industry Corporation. It has been in service since 2010, with the PAC rolling out the 16th of its 50 Block-2 aircraft to complete the PAF's fourth JF-17 squadron last month.
Tejas
LCA Tejas has not been inducted into the IAF yet. Starting in 1984, Tejas has been designed and developed by Aeronautical Development Agency with Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd and Defence Research and Development Organisation. Test pilots have done more than 3,000 flights on the fighter, which still awaits IAF's Final Operational Clearance. The IAF has ordered six squadrons (120 aircraft) of Tejas Mark-1A but there is no certainty over the induction schedule.
[related-post]
Match-up
How do the two fighters stack up against each other? Aviation expert Angad Singh says that “between the lack of publically confirmed data on the JF-17 (weapons, for example) and the in-development status of the LCA Tejas, any comparison is inherently apples to oranges. Tejas and JF-17 have been designed very differently. Tejas was meant as the next generation fighter — there is a lot of great technology on the Tejas, such as the Israeli HMD. For Pakistan, the JF-17 is meant to replace its old fleet of Mirage III and Chengdu J-7 fighters, which it has done.”
Government given double dissolution trigger as Clean Energy Finance Corporation abolition bill voted down
Updated
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been handed their first double dissolution trigger but it appears it will not be used.
The Greens and Labor on Wednesday combined to vote down, by a margin of 35–28, bills which seek to abolish the Clean Energy Finance Corporation (CEFC), a multi-billion-dollar agency which funds renewable technology developments and projects.
It is the second time they have combined to vote down the bills, meaning the Government could use the issue to call a full Senate and lower house election.
Greens leader Christine Milne has dared Mr Abbott to act on the result.
"Go to an election on it, that's what I say," they said.
But senior Government Minister Julie Bishop has given a strong indication the Coalition will not call a double dissolution election.
"Just because you're given a trigger, it doesn't mean you have to ... pull it," they said.
"I think the Australian people ... were sick and tired of the instability and the uncertainty that was the hallmark of the last at least five years."
In a joint statement, Treasurer Joe Hockey and Finance Minister Mathias Cormann accused Labor and the Greens of acting in defiance of the election result by voting against the legislation.
They say the Coalition will introduce the bill again next week.
"The Government does not believe it is appropriate to keep borrowing money to underwrite a $10 billion taxpayer funded bank that cherry picks investments in direct competition with the private sector," the statement said.
It adds that Australia does not have a "good history with government-owned banks".
The CEFC was part of the carbon tax package introduced by the former Labor government.
The Coalition says it has a mandate to scrap the tax, but Labor and the Greens have argued in the Senate on Wednesday that the corporation is funding clean energy and should not be abolished.
The bills were first defeated in December and the Greens sought to bring on a second vote for the final two parliamentary sitting weeks, while they still hold the crucial balance of power role in the Senate.
During the debate Ms Milne dared the Prime Minister to call an election on climate change.
"We've got a Prime Minister who is effectively barking mad on climate change, barking mad on the greatest threat that is facing this country," they said.
In the Lower House, Environment Minister Greg Hunt has introduced legislation to enact the Government's Direct Action policy, which Labor and the Greens also oppose.
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-parliament, federal-government, environmental-policy, australia
First posted
When people from Vancouver drive east through the Fraser Valley and on to the Coquihalla Highway or Crowsnest Highway, they sometimes quip that they are “beyond Hope”. However, the lovely mountain scenery that surrounds Hope, a district of 6,000 residents, is certainly no joke.
One of these peaks, rising to the southeast, is the municipality's namesake, Hope Mountain. Getting there requires navigating the rough Mount Hope Forest Service Road, which leaves Highway 3 east of its junction with Highway 5. Only four-wheel-drive vehicles can make it all the way to the trailhead, shared by nearby Wells Peak.
The Hope Mountain trail begins by losing a bit of elevation before rising to the divide between Four Mile Creek and Alexander Creek. Then it's a walk on an old, easy-going logging road before the trail climbs steeply to the 1,844-metre-high summit.
Although three radio repeaters litter the mountaintop, the panoramic views more than compensate. From the summit cairn, you can see the Fraser River emerging from the Fraser Canyon, Ogilvie Peak on the opposite side of Hope, and the mountains around Coquihalla Pass. An outcrop on the other side of a pond just below the summit offers a prime spot from which to admire the shapely Silverhope Creek valley and spot Mount Baker towering over the North Cascades.
From the trailhead, it's a nine-kilometre round trip with 690 metres of elevation gain. In October, this took my party three hours up and six hours return, with a leisurely lunch on top.
Anyhow, Hope Mountain is a hike to put on your list for next summer. The recent snowfall on the mountains of southwestern B.C. means it's time to get excited about snowshoeing — and to be aware of avalanche risk.
During the Norfolk, Neb. Independence Day parade on Friday, one float depicted President Obama's presidential library as an outhouse, spurring state Democrats to denounce the float and the message it sent.
The float featured a wooden outhouse on the back of a flatbed truck, with signs reading, “Obama Presidential Library.” A dummy in overalls was attached to the float.
Obama floats at Nebraska parade sparks controversy
http://t.co/hMr2sIBT9n pic.twitter.com/DMIK0Gynak — The Gazette (@csgazette) July 6, 2014
The sponsor of the float is unknown, and the Norfolk parade committee member Rick Konopasek said there were few restrictions on what floats could enter the parade.
“We don't feel its right to tell someone what they can and can't express,” they told the Journal Star. “This was political satire. If we start saying no to certain floats, we might as well not have a parade at all.”
However, residents and state Democrats were offended by the float.
“You see people laughing, pointing at it, smiling, looking positive about it. I immediately felt sick to my stomach,” Norfolk resident Glory Kathurima told KMTV. “I knew what that meant and I knew there was no sort of political statement being made by an image like that.”
Norfolk City Councilman Dick Pfeil made it clear that the town didn't support the float's message.
“The City of Norfolk doesn't condone that,” they told the World-Herald.
The Nebraska State Democratic Party condemned the float, calling it one of the “worst shows of racism and disrespect for the office of the presidency that Nebraska has ever seen,” according to the World-Herald.
[H/t Huffington Post]
There is a story I like to tell to my clients, participants and friends. It's about a wise, old Cherokee Indian. Because I felt like writing about it I just did some Google research and I realized that I unconsciously changed the story slightly. Which is nice, I guess. It means that the story is alive. I also found that there is a second chapter but let me start with the beginning.
A group of Cherokee children has gathered around their grandfather. They are filled with excitement and curiousity. That day there had been a quite tumultuous conflict between two adults and their grandfather was called to mediate. The children are eager to hear what they have to say about it.
One of the children pops the question that puzzles him. “Grandfather, why do people fight?”. “Well” the old man replies “we all have two wolves inside us, you see. They are in our chest. And these wolves are constantly fighting each other”. The eyes of the children have grown big by now. “In our chests too, grandfather?” asks another child. “And in your chest too?” asks a third one. They nod, “yes, in my chest too”. They surely have their attention now. Grandfather continues. “There is a white wolf and a black wolf. The black wolf is filled with fear, anger, envy, jealousy, greed, and arrogance. The white wolf is filled with peace, love, hope, courage, humility, compassion, and faith. They battle constantly”. Then they stop. It's the child that asked the initial question that can't handle the tension anymore. “But grandfather, which wolf wins?”. The old Cherokee simply replies, “the one that we feed”.
Nice story, isn't it? It is not so hard to resonate with the “feeding” of anger, jealousy, envy and greed. These emotions can really have power over us and we can see how we keep fueling them and feel how hard it is to “snap out of it”. What also sounds pretty convincing and hopeful is the idea that we have a choice. We can stop feeding the black wolf and start feeding the white wolf at any given moment. It's the whole spiritual path, or the path to happines and fulfilment in a nutshell. And I don't know about you but the third thing that definately speaks to me is that it's a never ending battle. Not that I like it but I surely resonate with it.
Stop feeding the black wolf. Feed the white wolf. It's that simple. But it ain't easy.
When hearing this story many people realize how utterly and completely their world is dominated by the black wolf. We are driven by greed and fear, our economy is based on the idea of scarsity and in order to survive the black wolf will go far to obtain the biggest part of the pie they can get.
Fact is that most of us have a very underdeveloped white wolf. Makes sense, it was hardly fed. The white wolf is weak, skinny and small. “If I show my white wolf at work, it will be murdered within seconds” is a common reply from executives I coach. “There is no place for the white wolf in our company”, they say. And of course, I believe them, in the sense that I can see that the vast majority of businesses and corparations are completely run by black wolves.
But I found out something really cool about the white wolf. Where the shoulder height of the black wolf can reach a maximum of 32-34 inches (80-85 cm), the white wolf can grow into the size of a horse. When a well developed white wolf enters a room filled with back wolves something changes. The underdeveloped white wolves realize they are potentially a lot stronger than their black bullies. All of a sudden they got back-up. And every strong white wolf will back their weaker brothers and sisters up. Always.
The black wolf is primarily self-serving and mainly interested in staying ahead of the other wolves at any cost.  They are the survivor. The white wolf is interested in the development and empowerment of all their white brothers and sisters and sees themselves as a mere vehicle to spread loving kindness.  They are led by their cause. It doesn't feel like a choice or an obligation, they just surrenders to the call of this life force. It just feels natural.
It's tough to get your inner white wolf healthy with a strong and cunning black wolf around that is eager to steal as much food as possible. But please be perseverent. Then one day you will notice that the white wolf has become equally strong. That is the tipping point. Allthough the battle continues the white wolf wins more and more fights and keeps getting stronger. Like Neo in The Matrix.
Contrary to the way black wolves relate a white wolf never has to be afraid when they meet a stronger white wolf. They are natural allies. So the best thing you can do is first start feeding the white wolf sneakily; do a meditation course. Meanwhile look around carefully and find the biggest white wolf around. Learn. Practice. Read. Study the black wolf. Stop being their bitch. Start winning. 😉
Favorite white wolves: Nelson Mandela, Ghandi, Dag Hammarskjöld, Martin Luther King.
The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) is a divided party. There are two spheres of influence within the PUK, each pursuing a contradicting policy to the other. On one hand, there is the wing led by Hero Ahmed, Jalal Talabani's wife. This wing has taken to building an alliance with parties in Baghdad, thus strengthening ties with the federal government. On the other hand, there is the wing led by Kurdistan Region's Vice President, Kosrat Rasul Ali, and former KRG Prime Minister, Barham Salih. This side wants to maintain the current alliance with the region's incumbent President Masoud Barzani and their party, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP).
The PUK and the KDP are old rivals who fought a bloody civil war in the 1990s. But after the overthrow of the Saddam regime in 2003, former foes put their differences aside and created a united Kurdish alliance in Baghdad and a united lobby in Washington. This collaboration gave the Kurds substantial influence in the new Iraq and created a unique relationship with the United States. But in 2014, and after slow deterioration in PUK-KDP relations, major cracks started to appear in the two's alliance in the Iraqi parliament. It became apparent that the PUK and the KDP are pursuing different policies, particularly in regards to relations with Baghdad.
However, despite intra-Kurdish differences and a warming PUK relationship with Baghdad, the PUK continued to lobby with the KDP against Baghdad in Washington. This can largely be attributed to the efforts of PUK member and Kirkuk Governor, Najmaldin Karim. Karim's behaviour creates an odd contradiction between the PUK's stance in Baghdad and their public messaging and lobbying efforts abroad. This contradiction cannot be sustained for long as it will negatively affect the PUK's stance in Baghdad.
Besides jeopardizing relations with Baghdad, there is legal misconduct in Karim's lobbying efforts. Their frequent visits to Washington as an Iraqi governor are nonstandard, if not outright illegal. The Iraqi constitution is clear in defining the powers of provincial governors, and handling foreign policy is not one of those powers. The irony about Karim's misconduct is that they lobby against the federal government of Iraq, whom their province administratively answers to. Karim presents themselves as an Iraqi governor, and not a Kurdish official when speaking to foreign actors to gain legitimacy and cause further damage to Iraq's image abroad.
Karim utilizes multiple institutions to project their message in Washington. They appeared in two recent events held by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and the Middle East Institute. In addition, Karim is the founder and president of the Washington Kurdish Institute. Despite holding the governorship of Kirkuk since 2011, Karim continues to be the Washington Kurdish Institute's president. Because it is illegal for an Iraqi civil servant to hold multiple jobs at once, their role is a cause for concern as it presents a conflict of interest. At times, it becomes difficult to distinguish whether Karim is a federal government official or a KRG official because of the number of times they are hosted by the KRG representative office and not the Iraqi Embassy.
Iraqis are largely unaware of how much the PUK statements in Baghdad differ from their statements in the United States. While leader of the PUK-Gorran block in Baghdad, Ala Talabani praises the Popular Mobilization Forces for defending Iraq; Karim consistently refers to them as Shia militias. While Talabani's block calls for greater relations between Kurdish provinces and Baghdad; Karim preaches that Kurds in provinces under the KRG should not answer to Baghdad.
It would be in the best interest of Karim, their party and Kirkuk if they align themselves with the pro-Baghdad wing. Of all PUK leaders, they have the most to gain from closer ties with Baghdad. Karim is the only Kurdish governor under federal Iraqi administration, which would make them an effective intermediary between the federal government and the KRG. This would solve most of Karim's complaints about Baghdad, but whether they want this to happen depends on if their interests are about improving their province or which administrative lines Kirkuk falls under.
It is unclear whether the Kurdish lobby in Washington can survive turbulent PUK-KDP relations, and it is unclear whether the PUK will unite under a single vision again, but one thing is for sure: for the PUK to maintain its alliance with parties in Baghdad, it must put an end to anti-Baghdad messaging in Washington. Letting its partisans lobby against Baghdad will make the PUK too unpopular in Iraq for Arab parties. The PUK should learn from the fate of the KDP, which has become too politically toxic for Shia parties, and major Sunni factions to ally with.
In June 2011, Arnie Gundersen of Fairewinds Associates was featured in a podcast hosted by Chris Martenson. The show updated listeners as to some of the latest events surrounding Reactor 4 and groundwater monitoring concerns, I will only highlight a few of the details, the entire podcast can be found here.
Chris Martenson: What can they really do beyond just keep trying to dump water in there and keep their fingers crossed?
Arnie Gundersen: If you put too much water in these reactors they get heavy, and they are not designed to sway when there is heavy – tens of tons of extra water in them. So they are really not designed to sway. So let's say there is a severe aftershock, Unit 3 and Unit 4 are in real jeopardy.
Chris Martenson: Is there some way that they [TEPCO] can maybe just throw up their hands and just pour a bunch of concrete on it and call it a day?
Arnie Gundersen: I think eventually they may get to the point of throwing up their hands and pouring the concrete on.
They can't do that yet, because the cores are still too hot. So we are going to see the dance we're in for another year or so, until the cores cool down.
At that point, there's not anywhere near as much decay heat and you probably could consider filling them with concrete and just letting sit there, like we have it at Chernobyl, as a giant mausoleum.
That would work for units 1, 2, and 3. Unit 4 is still a problem, because again all the fuel is at the top and you can't put the concrete at the top because you will collapse the building and it's so radioactive, you can't lift the nuclear fuel out. I used to do this as a living and Unit 4 has me stumped.
Chris Martenson: So what do they do, do you think?
Arnie Gundersen: I think they will be forced to build a building around the building and then, because you need heavy lifting cranes – cranes that lift a hundred and fifty tons, which are massive cranes, to put the nuclear fuel into canisters, which then can get removed.
That is sort of what happened at TMI, but all of the fuel at TMI was still at the bottom of the vessel. But it was a three-year process to get the molten fuel out of Three Mile Island – four years actually.
So the problem here is that all of the cranes that do that have been destroyed, at least on units 1, 3, and 4. And you can't do it in the air. It has to be done underwater.
So my guess is that they will have to build a building around the building to provide enough shielding and water, so that they can then go in and put this fuel into a heavy lift canister.
Chris Martenson: Okay, all right, I hadn't considered that. That's a great insight.
Almost a full year later, anyone looking to verify Arnie's observations about Reactor 4 will find once again they ring true, and TEPCO is in fact thinking of constructing a cover for Reactor 4.
On March 29, 2012 TEPCO announced that it applied for an injection of 1 trillion yen in public funds.
On the same day TEPCO, through NISA, released the details of a new steel frame structure to be built around Unit 4 for recovering the fuel rods from the pool.
The inverted L shaped structure will be self-supporting and only the part carrying the fuel handling mechanism will be bolted to the wall of Unit 4.
The design of the 51m tall structure, to be covered by steel panels, will be completed by the end of June and construction will start this fall.
In preparation for the construction the remaining parts of the outer shell, pillars and roof of the 5th floor on the north side of Unit 4 needs to be removed, and this work will be completed by the end of June.
The crane to lift the fuel from Unit 4 is expected to be manufactured in the third quarter of 2012.
The common spent fuel pool currently holds 6400 spent fuel rods, some of which are to be removed to make space for fuel from Unit 4. The removed fuel will be stored in dry casks at the plant site.
The common spent fuel pool is undergoing repair work to prepare for removal of its fuel. The dry casks to hold the removed fuel will be manufactured, and a facility to store the dry casks will be designed by the end of June.
The removal of fuel from the common spent fuel pool is planned to be completed through this year.
In the second quarter of 2013 the schedule calls for removing rubble from the spent fuel pool in Unit 4 and a detailed survey on the condition of the fuel contained will be conducted.
The actual lifting of the fuel rods from Unit 4 is planned toward the end of 2013.
The reason why there are so many fuel rods in Unit 4 and the common spent fuel pool is due to lack of space in the storage facility at Rokkasho, Aomori prefecture.
A nuclear waste processing plant with a new storage facility is under construction in Rokkasho. It was due to have been completed in 1997, but has been delayed 18 times due to various problems.
The latest projected completion date for the nuclear waste processing plant was October 2012, but it was delayed again after another problem was found in February.
Therefore, the fuel removed from the common pool has to be stored at Fukushima Dai-ichi for the time being.
A graphic illustration of the structure (without cover) by TV Asahi news: http://livedoor.blogimg.jp/amenohimoharenohimo/imgs/b/4/b44532d8.jpg
A graphic illustration of the crane lifting fuel from the pool: http://livedoor.blogimg.jp/amenohimoharenohimo/imgs/2/b/2bd6302e.jpg
http://www.nisa.meti.go.jp/shingikai/800/27/006/6-1-2.pdf
http://www.nisa.meti.go.jp/shingikai/800/27/006/6-2-2.pdf
Construction schedule:
http://www.meti.go.jp/earthquake/nuclear/pdf/120328_02t.pdf
Share this:
Tweet
Email
U.S. President Barack Obama addresses the 39th Annual Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Public Policy Conference and Annual Awards Gala, in Washington, U.S., September 15, 2016. REUTERS/Mary F. Calvert
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet with the leaders of Iraq, Nigeria and Colombia on the sidelines of the annual United Nations General Assembly gathering next week, the White House said on Friday.
Obama will hold separate sessions with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi, Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, White House deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters on a call.
Obama is not expected to meet with Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, Rhodes said. The White House canceled a meeting with Duterte during Obama's recent trip to Laos for a regional summit after Duterte insulted him.
Duterte, who has lambasted the United Nations and threatened to quit the world body after it criticized killings in their war on drugs, has not been scheduled to attend the General Assembly meeting.
Duterte turned down a meeting with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon at the Laos summit.
Gingrich's chances are as closed as their eyes
The Pawlenty campaign just announced that former Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue (R) -- who was serving as Newt Gingrich's national campaign co-chair -- will now be endorsing Pawlenty. Pawlenty's campaign manager, Nick Ayers, was a former top aide to Perdue. Said Perdue, in a statement released by the Pawlenty campaign: Tim Pawlenty is a great man, they were a phenomenal governor, and they are the person I now believe stands the greatest chance of defeating President Obama.  They are the only candidate who has laid out a real plan to grow the American economy, and their track record in Minnesota is proof he's the right man for the job.
The implosion continues
Let's not forget that Newt's troubles began when they opposed the Republican plan to effectively end Medicare. That's the real story here: if you don't support ending Medicare, you don't have a shot in the GOP.
While many indoor gardeners grow successfully with only a simple hygrometer measuring temperature and relative humidity, they would be better off knowing the vapor pressure deficit (VPD) of their environment as well.
This measurement describes the difference between the actual moisture content in the air and the moisture content that the air could hold when saturated. In terms of plant growth, it relates the difference between the pressure inside the leaves and the surrounding atmosphere.
It's kind of like rolling temperature and humidity into one measurement to get a clear picture of what's going on directly around the stomata, as opposed to just knowing what the conditions are like in the room itself.
Email Newsletter Join thousands of other growers who are already receiving our monthly newsletter.
More specifically, VPD provides a clearer insight into how much water is required by the plants to maintain its stomata moisture levels. The higher the VPD, the greater the drying effect the air has on the plant's ability to transpire.
The key is making sure that everything is sitting in the right ranges. In most cases, a certain amount of pressure deficit between the leaves and the outside air has a positive effect because some level of transpiration from the stomata is needed to promote the water and nutrient flow from the roots to the rest of the plant.
If the VPD is too high, however, plants will lose too much water through the transpiration and the stomata will close. Alternatively, a low VPD indicates that the air is holding a lot of water, which slows down the plant's transpiration rates.
Transpiration rates that are too low will also slow down the movement of water and nutrients from the roots, inevitably causing problems leading to nutrient deficiency issues.
As VPD is a pressure reading, it's usually written in millibars (mb), though you may also see VPD expressed in kilopascals (kPa). Converting between the two is easy enough; just divide the millibar figures by 10 to get an appropriate kilopascal measurement.
For low transpiration, VPD usually ranges between four to eight millibars, or 0.4 to 0.8 kPa, and is typically seen cutting into veg.
Healthy transpiration for flowering is eight to 12 mb, or 0.8 to 1.2 kPa. High transpiration, which usually occurs during peak flowering times, ranges from 12 to 16 mb, or 1.2 to 1.6 kPa.
To calculate VPD, you'll need a temperature probe, a humidity probe, and an infrared pocket thermometer to take a reading from the leaf temperatures at the top of the canopy.
Yes, you could take all the readings and do the subsequent (somewhat complicated) calculations yourself, but the easiest way of getting accurate VPD readings is to purchase a smart controller set-up that can do all the measuring and calculating for you.
Once you've got your readings, you can then make the relative changes to your set-up to keep the VPD in the perfect spot.
This usually means adjusting your humidity with the use of humidifiers or dehumidifiers, adjusting your atmospheric temperatures to ensure the room is cool or warm enough, and/or adjusting your plant canopy temperature, which can be done by simply lifting or moving the lights closer or further away from your plants.
Knowing the VPD allows you to keep your growroom in its sweet spot for your plants, ultimately maximizing your yields.
Want the whole story? Read More: Why Vapor Pressure Deficit Should Matter to Greenhouse Growers
In a major security breach at Tihar Jail, two undertrials scaled the wall of the ward they were lodged in and then dug a tunnel through the boundary wall to escape from one of the most high-security prisons in the country.
While one of them was later caught, the other one is still on the run and a mega manhunt has been launched to nab him.
The sensational jailbreak took place on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday and came to the notice of jail authorities only when the two inmates were found missing during the morning roll call.
The two inmates who managed the daring escape were identified as Faizan and Javed both of whom were lodged in jail for burglaries.
According to prison sources, Faizan and Javed, both of them were lodged in Jail No. 7 of Tihar since the last couple of months. On Saturday night, they scaled the wall of the jail they were lodged in and
reached Jail No. 8 whose wall is the perimeter wall of the complex.
The duo then dug a tunnel below this wall and escaped through a nearby drain. While Faizan was soon nabbed, Javed, who was arrested two months ago in a burglary case, managed to give jail authorities a slip.
After desperate efforts to catch Javed by prison authorities failed, they finally informed police late on Sunday night.
A case was registered at West Delhi's Hari Nagar Police Station last night and several teams have been formed to nab the absconder.
Tihar DG Alok Verma and DIG (Prisons) and spokesperson Mukesh Sharma did not respond to repeated phone calls for their version in the case.
A senior police official said that the prison authorities informed them very late.
"In addition to launching a manhunt to nab the absconding inmate we are also investigating whether any insider was involved in this stunning jailbreak. They could not have dug a tunnel with bare hands, they must have used mechanical instruments.We are investigating the case from all possible angles," they said.
Argo Tea is a chain of tea cafes that was founded in the Lincoln Park community area in Chicago, Illinois, in June 2003. It is now headquartered in Chicago's Loop community area. It had more than a dozen locations in the Chicago metropolitan area before expanding in 2010 to New York City, where it opened four locations that year and then expanded to St. Louis and Boston.[1] As of October 2011 the chain had 26 locations and distribution in over 3,000 grocery stores.[2] In its first decade, it has grown simultaneously with the tea market. Its expansion into grocery stores occurred in 2010 and 2011. Arsen Avakian is the current chief executive officer.[1] By spring 2013, it had opened in Beirut with plans to add locations in five Middle East cities by year end.
Argo Tea primarily sells a variety of hot and cold tea-based signature drinks. In addition, it offers about three dozen international varieties of loose-leaf tea (tea brewed from loose tea leaves, as opposed to tea leaves in bagged tea), coffee, baked goods, small entrées, and teaware.[3] The tea menu includes a variety of black, green, white teas, and natural herbal teas, served hot or iced. Argo Tea has formed a special relationship with Whole Foods Market to distribute Argo products.[4] According to the description in Bloomberg Businessweek, Argo's specialty foods include pastries, sandwiches, salads, and quiches. Argo markets from a lifestyle perspective with awareness of modern design and sustainable environment. It also sells audio CDs.[5]
History [ edit ]
Following the famous dictum about New York real estate, Avakian takes the locations of their stores very seriously. They say they spend weeks lurking on street corners to scope out their perfect blend of attributes: high daytime foot traffic, a demographic they describe as trend-setting women in their 20s to 40s, and concentrations of neighborhood residents (as opposed to tourists). Their scouting methods include chatting with falafel vendors, bar owners and even homeless men and women to get granular detail on the blocks they consider. —The Wall Street Journal[6]
Argo set out to be the Starbucks of tea.[7][8] Argo Tea was launched in 2003 by three partners: Arsen Avakian, Simon Simonian, and Daniel Lindwasser.[9] Avakian and Simonian are boyhood friends from Armenia.[10] They grew up in Yerevan and emigrated in the 1990s to the United States, where Simonian, a computer scientist, and Avakian, a startup company specialist, teamed up following the dot-com bubble.[11] Avakian first came to the United States as a Fulbright scholar.[12] Lindwasser is a Frenchman who moved to the U.S. in 1997.[13]  They are a former management consultant.[7] Avakian's father, Yuri, holds multiple wind and solar technology patents.[2]
The original Argo Tea location operated until April 30, 2013.
The original 900-square-foot (84 m2)[2] cafe for Argo Tea, which had 24 indoor seats and 20 patio seats in its 2003 configuration, is located at 958 West Armitage Avenue on the corner of Sheffield Avenue in Chicago.[7][14] The venture, which opened in June 2003,[8] was the first tea cafe in Lincoln Park.[15] It was across the street from a Starbucks.[16] Argo borrowed its name from the story of Jason and the Argonauts in Greek mythology.[17] The original store was financed by its founders, who were all experienced management consultants, without outside investors.[7] They used their own credit cards as lines of credit.[2] Chicago architect Mark A. Cuellar was hired to design Argo's early cafe interiors.[11]
Employees passing out drink samples at the current headquarters
At first, the company experimented with expansion by distributing boxed dry tea at Whole Foods, but quickly restrategized.[2] Barely six months after opening, Argo was planning expansion in Chicago and beyond.[7] Late in 2004, Argo signed a lease to make its first expansion beyond its original location (at Loyola University in the Near North Side community area on Rush Street).[18] By the beginning of 2006, there was a third location (in the Loop community area on Randolph Street near State) with a fourth on the way.[19] In March 2006,[20] Argo expanded to the South Side of Chicago at the University of Chicago Medical Center, which is located in the Hyde Park community area, with a location that is described as a teaosk, a themed kiosk.[17] By 2007, the company decided to pursue consistency across its locations and began a centralized concentrate brewing process.[2] After five years, the franchise had 10 locations ranging from 1,000 to 2,000 square feet (93 to 186 m2), all in Chicago.[10] In Chicago, several of the early cafes, including the 11th inside Merchandise Mart and the 13th at O'Hare International Airport, have been located in close proximity to a Starbucks storefronts with the thought that Starbucks is expanding demand for tea.[21][22] By February 2009, the company was still a Chicago metropolitan area business with all 13 of its locations.[23] In July 2011, Argo became the first outside retail tenant of the Tribune Tower in six years when it leased space.[24]
Argo opened its flagship New York City location in January 2010 by signing a 10-year lease in the Flatiron Building.[25] It promptly followed with a Chelsea neighborhood storefront and then a Columbus Circle store in the spring.[26][27] It opened a total of four cafes in New York City in 2010, taking advantage of the late-2000s recession, which allowed the company to procure prime retail locations such as Union Square, Columbus Circle and the Flatiron District at reasonable rates. The business replaced a Dean & Deluca in the Union Square neighborhood.[6] Among the investors in the New York City expansion were Sam Zell, Glen Tullman and Oxford Capital.[28] In May 2011, the company added its fifth tearoom in New York City.[5][29]
By 2010, the company eschewed its aspiration to be the Starbucks of tea, "Starbucks is more like Windows PC—it's old, less healthy and designed for everyone—and we want to be more like Mac: young, healthy, cool and a more unique, innovative brand." Avakian said the company hopes to build the Apple of tea.[28] At the time, it was opening its 18th store (14 in Chicago and 4 in New York) and had $10 million in annual sales, making it the largest chain focused on tea, according to Technomic Inc.[28]
In 2011, the San Francisco Chronicle credited Argo as being the company that caused the 21st century tea shop revolution,[1] while Time ran a story claiming that Argo has gotten America to drink tea.[2] As of 2011 , the United States market had grown to over 3,000 tearooms, according to the Tea Association of the USA. According to Beverage Digest, between 2006 and 2009, coffee consumption declined 2.3 percent in the United States, while tea consumption rose 4.5 percent.[1] The growth of teas has caused Starbucks to drop the word coffee from its name and build the Tazo brand.[1] Starbucks had a total 2010 revenue of $9 billion, while the entire tea industry was $7.7 billion, including $443 million by the top 6 U.S. tea chains.[2] By early October 2011, Argo claimed 26 locations in four cities (Chicago, New York, Boston and St. Louis) and distribution in 3,000 grocery stores around the country including Whole Foods, Safeway and Dominick's.[2]
When the lease came up for renewal at the original location on April 30, 2013, the company did not extend the deal, but the company would open greenhouse location the following month.[30][31] By March 2013, bottle drinks, which they had begun in 2010 were 20% of the company's business.[31] By that time Argo Tea had opened a business location in Beirut and had planned to follow that with one in Doha in April 2013. It also intended to open 2013 Middle East locations in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Kuwait and Riyadh.[32][33] By September 2013, Doha was opened and that month a second Beirut location opened.[34]
Products [ edit ]
Brewing room at State and Randolph, July 2, 2006
Tea is the second most consumed beverage in the world, after water.[10] Argo was founded in response to a realization that Americans had so few tea offerings that they generally were unfamiliar with anything but bagged teas.[1] At the time, most tea retailers either supplied bulk tea for home brewing or traditional sit-down service, but Argo focused on premium specialty drinks in paper cups.[2] Meanwhile, a minority of Asian immigrants from countries such as India, Vietnam and China where tea is the national beverage were spreading some of their traditions.[7] Argo endeavored to emphasize the healthy aspects of tea as an alternative to coffee.[14] When it was founded, Argo was part of a field of blossoming tea cafe franchises meeting a burgeoning demand.[7] By 2002, there were 1,100 tearooms with sit-down service.[7] In 2003, retail sales of tea totaled $5.1 billion, and in 2005, as the specialty tea market was growing 20 percent per year, the total retail tea market was expected to surpass $10 billion by 2010.[35]
Argo began with 35 teas from around the world, including black tea, green tea and chamomile tisane as well as exotic teas.[14] From the outset, it included a mix of traditional Asian teas as well as teas from exotic locations.[14] One of the companies staple drinks came from a vacation to Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro in which Avakian paid a juice bar operator to close shop to allow them to experiment with flavor combinations during business hours.[2] Several of Argo's teas are seasonal.[3][10] One of its signature drinks is the teappuccino, a black tea mixed with steamed milk and froth,[14] which the company has trademarked.[1] The menu leverages the new wave of specialty teas that may be served sweetened or spiced and that are blended with milk, sparkling water or fruit juices.[7] In the early years, its favorite offerings were Bubble tea, Pomegranate tea, Matte Latte or Chai tea and milk and Tea sangria.[36]
In its first years, the company sold illy brand coffee.[37] While the company imports its teas from sources around the world, it now brews its teas at a centralized location in downtown Chicago.[10] Argo started out selling loose tea in 1- and 4-ounce bags or in bulk.[14] Among Argo's Americanized drink varieties is a version of the national drink of both Argentina and Uruguay, the mate, which Argo serves as a Mate late.[38] By 2010, the company ventured into the grocery store market (Whole Foods and Treasure Island) with bottled specialty teas in Chicago and had plans for its own bottling facility.[28] By the time the company opened its New York locations, it offered fair trade certified coffee.[39] In 2011, the company expanded its distribution to grocery stores around the country.[2]
According to the company's press release for the opening of its 20th location in 2011, the menu included "all natural tea-based signature drinks, over 30 varieties of loose leaf teas, fair-trade organic coffee, fresh-baked pastries, specialty foods, and a selection of teaware and accessories. The signature drink menu features healthy and unique options such Maté Laté with earthy maté, almond and milk, Green Tea Ginger Twist with Japanese green tea and ginger root, MojiTea with cool mint tea and lime juice as well as many others. The food menu features a wide assortment of freshly baked gourmet pastries, French quiches, and a SpecialTea Foods made with tea-infused ingredients such Teanie Panini, Tea Bites and wholesome Teapot Grains. Argo Tea's ready-to-drink bottled beverages can also be found outside the cafés, in the finest grocery retailers across the country."[29] Bloomberg Businessweek summarized Argo Tea's business as follows: "Chicago-based Argo Tea strives to redefine the message of tea as a healthy beverage and lifestyle choice, to create unique, all-natural tea-based beverages and to provide customer experiences that reflect modern designs and a sustainable environment."[5] The teaware and accessories include tea pots, high-tech tea infusers, and wide variety of tea cups.[40]
Social efforts [ edit ]
Although there are both proponents and opponents of the health effects of tea, Argo tea is a proponent of the health benefits of tea and advocates for its use in research. Argo Tea has donated a large amount of white teas, which have high concentrations of antioxidants, to the University of Chicago Hospitals. This contribution prompted the University of Chicago to invite Argo to open the kiosk inside the hospital lobby.[17] The company also holds tea seminars in conjunction with Northwestern University and the University of Chicago to build awareness of the possible health benefits and research possibilities for tea.[41]
Argo Tea advocates for sustainability, demonstrates concern and awareness of environmental issues in their business plan and uses charitable donations to promote research as noted above. The company has an environmentally friendly business plan that includes encouraging use of reusable service-ware such as ceramic mugs and plates and washable silverware by its dine-in customers. Argo also markets reusable tea tumblers, which enable its customers to obtain discounted pricing on its drinks.[10] The company considers sustainability and environmental consciousness in all phases of its business including supplier, operations, store design and product decisions.[41]
Corporate information [ edit ]
Although the company was founded in Lincoln Park, the official business address is at the third location in the Loop (16 West Randolph Street Chicago, IL 60601).[5] The company has mostly part-time employees, but offers medical benefits to employees who work 20 hours per week. As of September 2008 the workforce was about 200 people.[11]
Despite its wide-ranging menu, as of 2011 , 80 percent of Argo's $15 million annual sales came from tea beverages.[1]
In August 2011, Chicago Alderman Brendan Reilly ceded control of Connors Park in the Gold Coast to Argo Tea for development of a 1,200-square-foot (110 m2) store. The area had been neglected by the Chicago Park District and become run down. In exchange for a 15-year lease, Argo assumes responsibility for maintaining the park.[42] The business opened its location in the park within a greenhouse in late May 2013.[31]
Quarterback Jameis Winston allegedly raped a fellow FSU student in 2012. (Photo11: Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports)
Florida State is proceeding with a school investigation of Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Jameis Winston related to the alleged rape of a fellow FSU student in 2012, an attorney for the woman told USA TODAY Sports.
Florida State officials traveled to where the woman lives in early August to interview them for the first time since they reported the alleged assault to police in Dec. 2012.
"They assured us that the Title IX process was going to move forward," said John Clune, a Title IX attorney representing the woman. "The interview went pretty well. I think it was a positive experience, and everyone felt like the university was taking it very seriously."
Clune said the lengthy interview with their client gave FSU more information than it previously had from the Tallahassee police department investigation. They said FSU officials interviewed two other people but that they do not know if Winston has been interviewed.
"We expect that there will be code of conduct charges that will be brought," they said. "There's no basis not to bring those charges now."
David Cornwell, an Atlanta attorney who is an advisor to Winston and their family, told USA TODAY Sports they expect the investigation to reach a similar outcome as the one conducted by the state attorney that ended in December 2013 without charges being filed against Winston.
"There is clearly a Title IX investigation commenced. There's no question, but it's not because the university did something wrong. It's not because these Colorado lawyers forced them to do something. It is because (the woman) refused to be interviewed previously and now she's willing to be. That's the only reason.
"Secondly, there's a Title IX process going on. It doesn't matter because we expect this process to have the same results as the prior ones did, which is no wrongdoing."
Clune says their client has said they would cooperate with an investigation since the university approached them in October 2013 and they have reiterated that willingness over the past several months.
Citing federal privacy laws, Florida State spokesperson Browning Brooks said the school could not discuss an individual students' case. "While we cannot comment on any individual case, in general, complainants control the timing in our process," they said.
The New York Times first reported news of the FSU investigation earlier Thursday.
The woman filed a complaint with the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights, which opened an investigation of how FSU handles sexual assaults in April. That investigation is ongoing.
Under Title IX, schools are required to investigate and adjudicate cases of sexual harassment and violence regardless of the outcome of any criminal investigation. If Winston did face code of conduct charges from the university, a decision regarding responsibility would be made based on a "preponderance of the evidence" standard, in accordance with federal guidelines.
OCR also advises Title IX investigations should take no longer than 60 day to complete.
Florida State did not meet with Winston until January, more than a year after the alleged assault and a few weeks after they led the Seminoles to a BCS national championship and unbeaten season.
Baine Kerr, a Title IX attorney for the woman, told USA TODAY Sports in April that FSU suspended its investigation, at least in part, because Winston refused to answer questions.
The woman left school in November as news of the rape allegation dominated national headlines.
"It's unfortunate that it's happening so late because it would have been nice to see this happen at a time that it might have been of help to our client," said Clune. "But we're encouraged that they seem to be taking this seriously and she'll certainly help with whatever they need."
Clune said they expect to hear shortly what the next steps could be in the case. FSU's inquiry related to Winston comes as the Seminoles beat Oklahoma State to open the season on Saturday. They remain atop the Amway Coaches Poll and Winston remains a contender to repeat as a Heisman Trophy winner.
FSU faces The Citadel on Saturday before its bye week on Sept. 14.
"I think the issue is there are definitely some people at this university that really want to do the right thing and want to comply with the law," said Clune. "But it seems like there's a power struggle between those folks and people that would be just fine to just see this go away.
"We're dealing with one of the most powerful athletic departments in the country with the No. 1 football team in the nation and I think we'll know very shortly how much control that athletic department has."
During the criminal investigation, Winston said through their lawyer that the sexual encounter was consensual. They did not answer questions from Tallahassee police or the state attorney's office during that inquiry.
Two of Winston's teammates faced code of conduct charges from the school related to their involvement. Chris Casher and Ronald Darby provided sworn affidavits during the criminal investigation that they had witnessed the encounter.
In an interview with TPD, Casher said they had recorded it on their phone but had deleted it and no longer had that phone.
After a hearing in May, Darby was found not responsible for the two code of conduct charges they faced. According to the Wall Street Journal, Casher was found responsible for "acts that invade privacy of another person" and "recording images without consent," for which they received a year of probation.
On Wednesday, the school launched an initiative called kNOw MORE to address sexual assaults on campus. With a focus on preventing sexual violence, the campaign seeks to educate students, faculty and staff about the meaning of consent, prevention, intervention and provide resources for sexual assault victims.
Clune called increasing awareness and talking about the issues constructive steps.
"It's a start. It's a good thing," they said. "The initiative that they've launched is something that is needed there, and ultimately what has to happen at some of these schools is really a fundamental change of climate on campus.
"The school has more that they need to do to change their policies, and they know that, but I don't want to take away from the initiative they launched yesterday."
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Fox News's Chris Wallace observed this afternoon, following the joint press conference between Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, that one of them seemed far more aggressive than the other:
I thought that you could really see a contrast between Sergei Lavrov, who's been the foreign minister of Russia for a long time and seemed very comfortable, and completely unyielding giving long, complicated answers in which they went back to U.S. foreign policy in Kosovo and Iraq and Libya and Sudan to say that the U.S. seems to have this fixation with ousting dictators and countries end up in much worse shape afterwards; Tillerson gave brief and not nearly as aggressive answers as Lavrov did. They didn't seem to want to come looking for a fight. Lavrov was very comfortable looking for a fight and taking the argument very much to the U.S. I thought Lavrov was noticeably more aggressive and, frankly, dominated the news conference.
Ania, 9, from El Salvador walks with their father through the Texas countryside after crossing the Rio Grande from Mexico into the United States to seek asylum on April 14, 2016, in Roma, Tex. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Immigration has been a fixture of debate in the 2016 presidential campaign. The presidential candidates have expressed, shall we say, divergent plans to address it.
With that in mind, The Fix reached out to Father John Olenick, pastor of Visitation Blessed Virgin Mary (BVM) Roman Catholic Parish. Visitation BVM, a multi-ethnic church in Philadelphia's Kensington neighborhood, is a place where each Sunday, multiple Masses are held. There are three in Spanish, one in English and one in Vietnamese. The church is also one of 19 member congregations in the New Sanctuaries Movement. (More information below.) When Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) announced in January plans for mass immigration raids, New Sanctuary members and staff set up the emergency hotline and "Know Your Rights" training sessions for undocumented immigrants.
That's anathema to some. But, when people living in the United States are detained and the most common result is deportation, a number of matters often require attention. A share of undocumented immigrants live in mixed-status households. So contact needs to be made with legal immigrant and U.S. citizen spouses and children; any plans to reconnect in another country organized; property or businesses sold, medications obtained and child-custody matters sorted. And, while the U.S. Constitution guarantees individuals arrested on various crimes access to a lawyer, there are no such requirements for undocumented immigrants in the nation's backlogged immigration courts, where deportation orders can be issued.
[Can a 3-year old represent themselves in immigration court? This judge thinks so.]
Olenick, who is from North Carolina, has been an ordained minister since 2003 and pastor at Visitation BVM since 2003. They previously served in the Bronx. And while some will dismiss them as a bleeding heart liberal, in some ways, Olenick makes a very faith-based case for direct political involvement in immigration.
The Questions
THE FIX: What can you tell me about Philadelphia's undocumented immigrant population?
OLENICK: My parish consists of many undocumented people from places like Mexico, Honduras, El Salvador, [the] Dominican Republic, and other countries. In the broader Philadelphia community, there are undocumented people from all over the world, including Africa, Asia, South America and Eastern Europe. Philadelphia is a very diverse city that is experiencing a boom in our economy and population in large part due to hardworking immigrant businesses.
THE FIX: What is the New Sanctuary Movement and its connection to the deportation hotline?
OLENICK: [The] New Sanctuary Movement is an interfaith, multicultural immigrant-justice organization fighting to win more just and humane laws for immigrants and to keep immigrant families together. We are united in our shared faith values of justice, dignity, and hospitality for all, regardless of immigration status. We've worked for the past nine years to keep immigrant families together through the successful campaign to end the practice of the Philadelphia police collaborating with deportations. [We] accompany families facing deportation, and are now working on a campaign to win driver's licenses for undocumented Pennsylvanians.
THE FIX: Where did the idea for the hotline come from?
OLENICK: The idea of the hotline came from our immigrant members' very real feeling of being terrorized by constant violence in their home countries and now in the United States. The [Christian] mandate to welcome the stranger and love your neighbor are not just about feelings; they are a call to action. We cannot sit idly by while our community members are dragged away from their families at 4 in the morning. The hotline and emergency rapid response of “Sanctuary in the Streets” aims to bear prophetic witness to this injustice while we organize against the deportations. People across the country are responding to the raids in a manner that best suits their own communities. We believe that “Sanctuary in the Streets” [the hotline] is what Philadelphia needs to be safer from the terror of deportation.
THE FIX: What's the work been like so far?
OLENIK: We have received calls about individual deportation cases, but luckily there have not been mass raids targeting Central American families in Philadelphia yet. When the raids were first announced in January, we organized to gather letters from over 275 Pennsylvania clergy and religious heads in opposition to the raids, held actions at ICE, and won a Philadelphia City Council resolution condemning the raids. We believe that these organized actions send a direct message to ICE that deportations are not welcome in our city and state, and hopefully can continue to play a preventative role to avoid future mass raids.
THE FIX: Have scattered ICE raids begun to happen again in the Philadelphia area?
OLENICK: There have been 2.5 million people deported under President Obama, equaling about 1,100 people per day. These record deportation rates occur because of constant ICE raids throughout the country, including Philadelphia. In terms of this specific announcement of raids targeting Central American families, it's hard to know what is a new sweep and what is the regular day-to-day work of ICE, who exists solely to deport as many people as possible, separating families across the country. [Editor's note: Click here to read ICE's own mission statement.] Sanctuary in the Streets responds to all who see or experience an ICE raid.
A man sends a text on a mobile phone. (iStock photo)
THE FIX: How does the hotline work?
OLENICK: The hotline is a 24/7 emergency phone number that is staffed by New Sanctuary Movement of Philadelphia employees [and only takes calls from the Philadelphia areas]. When an immigrant sees or experiences a raid, they can call the hotline, and we will immediately deploy teams of volunteers to go to the site of the raid to hold a prayer vigil, film the raid, bear witness, and be with the family. We have over 50 volunteers at the ready, all of whom are clergy or people of faith from our member congregations. We're publicizing the number on social media, through the Spanish and English press, in our congregations, and handing out know-your-rights cards with the number throughout the city.
We created the emergency raid hotline in January in response to the first announcement of raids forms the Obama administration targeting Central American refugee families. In January, we did many “know your rights” trainings for the immigrant community so they can better protect themselves and we gave out the phone number. The official launch of the emergency hotline and “Sanctuary in the Streets” actions came this week in response to the second wave of raids we are anticipating.
THE FIX: What are some of the most frequent questions? Why do most people call?
OLENICK: We receive calls when someone either sees ICE on their street or is actually experiencing a raid in that moment. These are moments of high panic, so we speak to the person to ascertain their location and then go to the site of the raid. We also receive calls from individuals seeking legal support after their loved ones are apprehended by ICE.
THE FIX: Tell me what you can about a call that you have handled or been made aware of?
OLENICK: We received a call from a woman whose cousin's house was being raided. New Sanctuary Movement went to the site of the raid to support the family. The husband was detained when they left their apartment, and the ICE officers took their keys, re-entered the apartment and came looking for the wife. They were hiding under the bed with their baby, and ICE left. We were able to support the wife and child who were obviously terrified that ICE was going to deport them too, and were devastated at the loss of the husband/father.
THE FIX: As you know, Donald Trump plans to begin mass deportations if elected. From your perspective, what might it mean if more than 11 million people were deported over the course of 18 months as Trump has described?
OLENICK: My parishioners face the devastating separation from their loved ones due to deportation. In many cases, the breadwinner is deported, leaving mothers and children behind with no means to support themselves. They frequently live in fear, constantly looking over their shoulders, fearful that they are being followed. Many people I know have very specific routines in their daily lives and are very aware of their environment and the potential to get picked up by ICE. People don't register in the church because they don't want a written record or information about themselves. They don't want to write their names down when going to school or a doctor's visit for the same reason.
In terms of proposed deportation of all undocumented people, it's obviously logistically and financially impossible. Economically, the agricultural and restaurant [industries] in our country would collapse. Here in Philadelphia, it would have a huge negative impact on restaurants and landscaping. However, even though it is not a realistic plan, it has produced fear in the immigrant community, so it's more important than ever to have an organized response.
THE FIX: Have you all been on the receiving end of complaints or harassment?
OLENICK: We won an end to police-ICE collaboration in Philadelphia and are now a “Sanctuary City” because Philadelphia doesn't cooperate with deportation. There were anti-immigrant activists who protested at that time. There were also anti-immigrant protesters against unaccompanied refugee children. There are always people who respond to articles – including those about our hotline against the raids -- with negative and un-Christian responses.
THE FIX: The entire concept of sanctuary is one some people abhor. Why did you all get involved?
OLENICK: We believe that we are all created in the image and likeness of God and immigrants are our brothers and sisters, members of our congregations, our spiritual family. We cannot just abandon or walk away from them. Immigrants and allies work together on campaigns to win just and humane immigration laws, walk with families in deportation, and build our interfaith community as we seek to put our faith values into practice.
THE FIX: What would you want people who disagree to know about the hotline?
OLENICK: Any time a person is in crisis, you want to know that there is someone there who will support you, who has your back. All of us have faced different crises in our lives, and having public support helps us get through that tough time. That is what we are trying to do – prayerfully support families through this tragedy. People are being deported into deplorable, dangerous situations, which is the reason they came here in the first place.
THE FIX: What do you say in response to those who argue you are aiding people who broke U.S. immigration laws?
OLENICK: Our laws need to be reformed because they are not just. We are called to follow God's law and sometimes God's law and the law of human beings come in conflict. We choose the higher authority.
This book is out of print.
Programming the Be Operating System
In PDF Format
Table of Contents
Preface
1. BeOS Programming Overview
Features of the BeOS
Structure of the BeOS
Software Kits and Their Classes
BeOS Programming Fundamentals
BeOS Programming Environment
2. BeIDE Projects
Development Environment File Organization
Examining an Existing BeIDE Project
Setting up a New BeIDE Project
HelloWorld Source Code
3. BeOS API Overview
Overview of the BeOS Software Kits
Software Kit Class Descriptions
Chapter Example: Adding an Alert to MyHelloWorld
4. Windows, Views, and Messages
Windows
Views
Messaging
5. Drawing
Colors
Patterns
The Drawing Pen
Shapes
6. Controls and Messages
Introduction to Controls
Buttons
Picture Buttons
Checkboxes
Radio Buttons
Text Fields
Multiple Control Example Project
7. Menus
Menu Basics
Working With Menus
Multiple Menus
Pop-up Menus
Submenus
8. Text
Fonts
Simple Text
Editable Text
Scrolling
9. Messages and Threads
The Application Kit and Messages
Application-Defined Messages
10. Files
Files and the Storage Kit
Using Standard Open and Save Panels
Onward
Index
Chinese entrepreneurs are obsessed with Steve Jobs. They adopt their austere wardrobe and dramatic presentation style. They think about him: Walter Isaacson's biography of the Apple founder was an instant best-seller in China, and when they died, the country fretted over whether it would be able to produce its own version of Jobs.
But there is a fine line between reverence and idolatry.
A Shanghai company has created a creepily accurate golden bust (link in Chinese) of Jobs to greet employees signing in for work. Chinese reports said the company hopes the bust ”inspires in employees Jobs's insistence on finding the best way to do something.” The bust shows a stoic Jobs—not the upbeat guy from iPhone unveilings—who appears disappointed and demanding.
Chinanews.com
Wouldn't you be inspired starting the day like this?
Chinanews.com
Or this?
Chinanews.com
Or how about?
Chinanews.com
Media outlets in China reporting on the Jobs statue did not mention the name of the Shanghai company, but the images show the logo of mobile game maker Wujitianxia (here's its Weibo account, link in Chinese).
news, latest-news, Arnold, A-League, expansion, Wollongong, Sydney FC
SKY Blues coach Graham Arnold is adamant Wollongong should be the focus of A-League expansion rather than any bid from southern Sydney. With the new broadcast deal set down for 2017, the competition is poised to decide if the league has merit for growth in the coming campaigns. Wollongong is among a list of candidates to become an expansion club. Southern Sydney, Canberra, Geelong and a second Queensland outfit are all also options. The southern Sydney entity is considered as one of the front runners and has, at times, been linked to the Illawarra. The venture would more than likely be based in either St George or Sutherland. Sydney FC consider the territory as a crucial to their own fan base, with rivals the Wanderers dominating the city's west. For that reason, Arnold thinks the FFA must look further down the Princes Highway. ‘‘Is there a place in the A-League for Wollongong for expansion? I would say probably there is but I don't think it should be any further north than Wollongong,'' they told the Mercury. ‘‘If there is talk about south of Sydney, I think our owners would have more to say about than me, but Sutherland shire is a huge area for Sydney FC where we have a lot of members. ‘‘There is four or five players from Sutherland Shire in our squad now. ‘‘But for the Wollongong area and down this far I think there is definitely an opportunity for expansion with a wonderful facility like this.'' The Sky Blues have used the facilities at WIN Stadium for the past week as part of a pre-season training camp. The venue has housed A–League and trial matches as well as international friendlies in recent years. Wollongong Wolves, who have changed the name back to their former moniker, are currently the only full-time match day occupants at the stadium. The club has been off the national stage for more than a decade, but still remains as a breeding ground for talent at the elite level. Arnold boasts two South Coast products on their roster for the coming season, with Helensburgh teenager Aaron Calver and Wollonong's Matt Jurman both on the books. ‘‘They are both doing exceptionally well,'' Arnold said. ‘‘Aaron was a youth team player last year that earned a first team contract because of their performances. Last year they forced themselves into the first team for a good 10 matches so they are doing exceptionally well. Matty Jurman is a two time championship winner and adds a lot of experience. ‘‘He is one of the only left footed defenders in the whole of the A–League, so I am expecting big things.'' Both Jurman and Calver will be vying for time on the paddock when Sydney round out their training camp with a trial against Wellington Phoenix on Friday night at WIN Stadium. Jurman has been nursing a minor knee problem heading into the match. Sydney FC open the A-League season against Melbourne City on October 10.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/ZQVibJ7UkRpJMEgscSkw6d/edaa0770-cece-4d3d-9834-baeaa81690d6.jpg/r0_90_2508_1507_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
Real-time view data is not available at this time. Learn more.
Bruno Mars is here to show you whatta man they are.
Actor Bruno Mars Actor Mallika Sherawat Actor Jessica Caban Director/Show Lead Ryan Perez Executive Producer Funny Or Die Producer Betsy Koch Actor Kathryn Burns Actor NickCorirossi Actor Avin Das Actor Parker Seaman Actor Juliet Seniff Actor Alex Richanbach Actor Drew Brooks Visual Effects Andy Maxwell Hair and Makeup Chris Mills Actor Melissa Gould McNeely Costume and Wardrobe Melissa Gould McNeely Producer mattmazany
Starring - Bruno Mars
Also Starring - Mallika Sherawat, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Jessica Caban, Phred Brown, Kathryn Burns, Jane Horner, Jakob Wedel, Alexander Guder, Neiko Keiyan, Nick Corirossi, Charles Ingram, Avin Das, Parker Seaman, Ben Parkes, Alex Richanbach, Drew Brooks, Juliet Seniff, Melissa McNeely, Jenna Rainey & Lauren Walton
Director - Ryan Perez
Producer - Betsy Koch, Matt Mazany
DP - Jonathan Nicholas
1st AC - Mike Brown
DIT - Dan Moses
Gaffer - Eric Ulbrich
Best Boy - Jason Booth
Electric - David Richardson
Key Grip - Joe Yancey
Visual Effects: Andy Maxwell
Production Designer - Caity Birmingham
Art Assts - Vanessa Lin and Stephen McGlade
Make up / FX - Silver Shamrock
Wardrobe - Melissa Gould McNeely
Wardrobe Asst - Jenna Rainey
PA - Ben Parks and Matt Sweeney
Special Thanks - Erica Rothschild and Brandon Creed
The Cameroon international is linked to ligue 1 once again and the latest report seems pretty solid. An information from Bilel Ghazi of l'Équipe was also reported by Kan Football Club where it also says that Oyongo was always looking to play at a higher level whenever they would be ready and able to find the right opportunity.
An offensive left back with an international pedigree, Oyongo has the athletic and technical abilities to take their talent to Europe. Maybe not Juventus but Ligue 1's attractiveness for an African francophone is more than rational.
After Lilles, it's En Avant Guingamp that is interested in Oyongo's service as their performances with Cameroon have not gone unnoticed. Though, I am a bit surprised not to see Ambroise head towards the shore of Italy and try a stint with the Impact's sister club, FC Bologna.
With so much depth within the squad, the left back position might be light without Oyongo, leaving Donny Toia as the only natural left back.
24 Galleries: Parsippany-Troy East defeats Gresham, Oregon 10-4 in Little League World Series
SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. — D.J. Pico hardly evokes fear on the baseball field. They stand 5-foot-3 and weighs 108 pounds. Their batting helmet seems to swallow their entire head. Their uniform hangs loosely over their bony frame.
Before Saturday night's crucial elimination game at Lamade Stadium, the outfielder for the Parsippany-Troy East all-stars had largely been a role player. They recorded one hit and one RBI in six regional tournament games. All summer, they had never hit a home run.
But against Gresham, Ore., in the second round of the Little League World Series, the little guy from Par-Troy East came up big when the lights were shinning brightest. Pico drilled a two-run homer over the fence in left field in the second inning, rushing around the bases with hurried, excited steps, their arms extended in the air and a smile spread across their face.
It was an unexpected power display on a night when Par-Troy East seemed to showcase its power in every conceivable way. The group from Morris County erupted for 13 hits and three home runs to cruise to a 10-4 victory over Gresham, keeping their championship hopes alive and eliminating their Oregon counterparts from tournament play.
Par-Troy East advances to face the loser of Sunday's game between California and Tennessee Monday at 4 p.m. at Lamade Stadium.
“When I saw it off the bat I knew it was gone,” Pico said. “It felt good because that was my first home run. It came in the World Series so it's really big.”
And after their team's performance, Par-Troy East has vaulted right back into the championship conversation. Emil Matti went 3-for-3 with two homers and four runs scored, David Ton went 2-for-3 with two RBIs and eight of the team's 11 players recorded hits. Pico, who finished 2-for-4 with two RBIs, was one of four players with multiple hits. It was a dominant performance that sent Gresham scurrying through its roster in search of capable pitchers.
“The bats came alive,” Par-Troy East manager Mike Ruggiero said. “The defense was tighter. We didn't make the mistakes in the field. We played more sound, fundamental baseball. It feels good to get our first World Series win.”
The game began with Matti leading off by blasting a homer to center field — and the offense never slowed down. Par-Troy East scored two runs in the first inning, three in the second and topped it off with four more in the fifth.
After each offensive eruption, the large Jersey contingent in the bleachers chanted: “P-T-E! P-T-E!”
The biggest threat to Par-Troy East's lead came in the third inning when Gresham started the frame with three hits and two runs — and none out — cutting their deficit to 5-4. Just as Pico's offense was an unexpected addition, unheralded reliever Kyle Phillips stepped in for Par-Troy East and got the team out of a jam, not giving up another run.
Over four innings, Phillips gave up one hit.
“We knew coming in here you're going to have to win with more than two pitchers,” Ruggiero said. “They all have to get their turn on the mound. I have faith in all the guys.”
Par-Troy East opened the tournament Friday afternoon with a 5-2 loss to San Antonio, one of the best teams in the field. That placed Par-Troy East in a tough situation — forcing it to win the rest of its games in the double-elimination tournament in order to win the championship.
But Par-Troy East has experience with pressure situations. The team lost its first game in the New Jersey state tournament earlier this summer, forcing them into a do-or-die situation for the rest of competition. They responded by winning four games in five days — including back-to-back victories over Nottingham, which was unbeaten in the double-elimination format — to capture the state title.
“That's five years we never lost two games in a row ever,” Ruggiero said. “Hopefully we have a long week ahead of us.”
Matthew Stanmyre: mstanmyre@starledger.com; twitter.com/MattStanmyre
"We can just Google it!" is becoming our standard response to unanswered questions in life. Whether we are looking for the title of an irritating 80s song, a restaurant serving authentic Icelandic food or the quickest bus route to the Star Trek convention, the Internet usually offers the long-sought answers. However, when we enter key words in a search engine such as Google, we end up with thousands of websites - many of which are barely relevant to what we are looking for or are rife with inaccuracies.
Identifying the websites with the most accurate and relevant information are critical skills that are necessary for navigating our way in the digital information jungle, but unfortunately, these skills are rarely taught. In most cases, inaccurate or irrelevant information on the internet merely delays us for a few minutes until we do find the answer to what we are looking for. However, when it comes to medical information, inaccurate or irrelevant information could potentially have a major detrimental impact on our well-being.
Patients and their family members are increasingly using the internet as a major source of advice regarding their illnesses, treatment options, dietary advice and disease prevention. However, little is known about the accuracy of medical advice obtained via the internet. A study entitled "Safe Infant Sleep Recommendations on the Internet: Let's Google It" by Dr. Rachel Moon and colleagues (published online in the Journal of Pediatrics on August 2, 2012) addresses this question by focusing on the question of sleep safety in infants. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) has published guidelines for reducing the risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), suffocation or other accidental sleep-related infant deaths.
However, since such guidelines are written for clinical professionals, they often contain medical jargon that cannot be easily understood by concerned parents that want practical advice regarding how to ensure the sleep safety of their infants. Thus, instead of reading the AAP guidelines, most parents probably enter key phrases related to infant sleep safety into an internet search engine and may follow the advice displayed on the sites identified by the search engine.
Dr. Moon and colleagues tested the accuracy of such websites by entering thirteen search phrases such as " Infant sleep position", " Infant co-sleeping" or " Pacifier sleeping" into the Google search engine, and then cross-checked the medical information offered in the search results with the AAP recommendations, which was used as the standard for medical accuracy.
Since most parents would probably read the first few pages of the Google search results, the researchers only analyzed the first 100 websites identified by each of the thirteen Google searches (total of 1300 websites). Only 43.5% of these 1300 websites contained recommendations that were in line with the AAP recommendations, while 28.1% contained inaccurate information and 28.4% of the websites were not medically relevant. The accuracy was highly dependent on the type of question asked. The search phrase "infant cigarette smoking", for example, yielded 82% accurate results, while the search phrase "infant home monitors" resulted in only 18% accuracy.
Of note, the researchers also categorized the results by the organization or group that had generated the website. Out of the 1300 websites identified by the searches, 246 (19%) were retail product review site websites and 250 (19%) were websites associated with specific companies or interest groups. Product review retail websites were also the ones which had the lowest level of medical accuracy (8.5%). On the other hand, government websites and websites of national organizations (as identified by URL ending in .org) had the highest level of accuracy (80.9% and 72.5%, respectively).
Surprisingly, educational websites (universities or other websites with URL's ending in .edu, ebooks, peer-reviewed articles) only had 50.2% accurate medical information, possibly due to the fact that either some of the information was not updated or that a number of the linked articles required a subscription and thus could not be accessed. The majority of the books found by the search engine either provided outdated or irrelevant information, which may have also contributed to the low accuracy rate of educational websites. Blogs and websites of individuals also had very low rates of medical accuracy (25.7% and 30.3%).
This study highlights the opportunities and pitfalls of using the internet to communicate medical information. The internet is providing an opportunity for patients and family members to obtain additional medical information that they did not receive from their physicians, as well as to address questions that may arise and do not warrant a visit to a physician. On the other hand, the study also demonstrates that the quality of medical information on the internet varies widely. Searches for certain key phrases can unwittingly lead a user to websites that promote certain products or treatments without taking the medical evidence and professional guidelines into account.
One key factor to help address this pitfall is for physicians and other healthcare professionals to actively guide patients or family members to website that are likely to have information with high levels of medical accuracy. Instead of placing the burden of discriminating between accurate and inaccurate information on patients, healthcare professionals could advise patients or parents as to what websites should be used to address medical questions that they might have.
Furthermore, government institutions, organizations and educational websites need to realize the importance of maintaining up-to-date and accessible medical information on their websites. Concerted efforts between government or educational institutions, professional organizations and healthcare professionals are necessary so that patients can maximally benefit from the information opportunities afforded by the internet.
The US unemployment rate was pushed from 6.5 per cent to 6.7 per cent - its highest level in 15 years - as firms shed workers in an attempt to stay afloat.
The Labour Department total, which was 200,000 higher than had been expected by most economists, means the US has lost 2m jobs since the start of the year. Revised figures for September and October showed that 200,000 more jobs were lost than had previously been thought.
They signal a sharp decline in output in the world's largest economy, which has been in recession for a year. Some economists are now forecasting US growth will decline by as much as four per cent in the final three months of the year.
Friday's figures suggest that the recession -which officially began a year ago - will be the worst since the Great Depression of the 1930s, outstripping 16-month US slumps in the 1970s and 80s.
Jan Hatzius, the chief US economist of Goldman Sachs, said: "On the whole, the report is exceptionally weak."
Richard Yamarone, of Argus Research in New York, added: "You can't get much uglier than this. The economy has just collapsed, and has gone into a freefall."
In London the FTSE 100 index slumped by two per cent as analysts digested the figures, which came a day after the Bank of England and the European Central Bank slashed interest rates in an effort to stimulate activity.
US stock markets are expected to open much lower later this afternoon, with the Dow Futures index pointing down 178 points ahead of its opening. The dollar has plunged against other currencies.
The picture is set to become gloomier still. Since the figures were compiled, AT&T, the telecoms giant, has axed another 12,000 employees while DuPont, the chemicals group, sacked a further 2,500. Viacom, the media company, fired 850.
A number of US banks, including Citigroup, are expected to cut thousands of staff imminently while the beleaguered US car industry is also set to implement mass lay-offs. Employers also slashed workers' hours to their shortest total since records began in 1964, the Labour Department found, with the length of the average working week falling to 33.5 hours.
Richard T. Curtin, the director of the Reuters/University of Michigan Survey of Consumers, told The New York Times: "We have recorded the largest decline in consumer confidence in our history. It is being driven down by a host of factors: falling home and stock prices, fewer work hours, smaller bonuses, less overtime and disappearing jobs."
Unemployment in Britain has already reached an 11-year high of 1.82m, while economists forecast the total could reach 3m by 2010, meaning that more than one in 10 members of the workforce will be out of work.
Central banks are expected to cut interest rates further as the crisis deepens, with analysts predicting the Bank of England will be forced to make its rate zero per cent. However, some analysts have warned that with Government debt soaring, the authorities risk running out of ammunition in the battle to rescue their economies.
The latest US figures signalled that a stimulus and public works package worth more than $500billion (£341billion) will be unveiled by Barack Obama, the President-Elect and the Congress in the new year, in an attempt to create jobs and boost spending.
WASHINGTON — US officials and lawmakers took aim at China Wednesday, saying human rights were deteriorating in the communist-run nation as Chinese leaders move to quash even the slightest sign of dissent.
“The overall situation of human rights in China continues to deteriorate,” said Michael Posner, assistant secretary of state for human rights, after two days of talks with Chinese officials in Washington.
While they praised China's rapid growth which has lifted “hundreds of millions… out of poverty,” Posner also stressed “that political reforms in China have not kept pace with economic advances.”
Chinese people needed to be able to voice legitimate grievances and play a “meaningful role in the political development of their own society,” they said.
During the talks with the Chinese side, led by Chen Xu, a director general from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the US also raised the issue of China's crackdown on the Uighurs, as well as the self-immolations by about 40 Tibetans.
The US delegation also raised concerns about freedom of expression, including Internet freedom, labor rights and legal reforms.
“Lawyers, bloggers, NGO activists, journalists, religious leaders and others are asserting universal rights and calling for peaceful reform in China,” Posner told reporters.
“We strongly believe as change occurs within a society these discussions… are ultimately about Chinese aspirations and how the Chinese themselves are navigating their own future.”
US officials voiced concern about the lack of access to legal counsel for detained activists, and again called for the release of lawyers and democracy activists languishing in jail, including Nobel peace laureate Liu Xiaobo.
They also raised the cases of prominent Chinese rights lawyer Gao Zhisheng, who has been held virtually incommunicado since 2009, and wheelchair-bound Ni Yulan, who was jailed after working with their husband to protect alleged victims of government-backed land grabs.
The US delegation comprised representatives from across the administration, including from the justice department, USAID, trade representatives and national security staff.
Posner dismissed suggestions that the regular US-China human rights dialogue was of little use since conditions were not improving on the ground.
“I think over time we're responding to a very heartfelt desire by people living in China… that their cases, their issues not be forgotten. We're amplifying their voices, in effect,” they told journalists.
US lawmakers also took Beijing to task for its “deplorable” human rights record at a hearing in Congress, while advocates called on President Barack Obama to personally engage with the Chinese on rights cases.
Four human rights defenders, including Chinese Uighur rights defender Rebiya Kadeer, testified to the House Foreign Affairs Committee about the deteriorating conditions in China and Tibet.
“Chinese authorities remain hyper-vigilant about tamping down anything that smacks of political or social dissent, including criticism of the government and exposure of official wrongdoing,” Howard Berman, the committee's ranking Democrat, told the hearing.
Dissident Chen Guangcheng, who arrived in the United States in mid-May, had been due to testify, but later declined apparently out of fear of reprisal against relatives back in China.
The 40-year-old activist, jailed for four years for exposing abuses under China's one-child policy, escaped from house arrest in April just as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was visiting Beijing, sparking a major diplomatic incident.
While some of the advocates said such forums as the US-China dialogue on human rights were vital to keep pressure up on Beijing, they all called for the White House to do more.
“At the highest levels it has not been a priority,” Jared Genser, founder of US-based non-profit group Freedom Now, told lawmakers.
“President Obama and Secretary Clinton must personally engage on Chinese human rights cases and make full use of the bully pulpit, something they have only done to date on rare occasions,” they added.
“China's backsliding on rights should have long since merited a change in tactics and a more proactive and public approach.”
The New England Patriots are cruising through the New York Jets, to nobody's surprise, so when the Patriots got the ball back deep in New England territory with 1:30 left in the half and a comfortable 20-0 lead, Bill Belichick didn't plan on trying to score again.
Instead, the Patriots ran the ball twice with Dion Lewis for 3 yards each, setting up a third down that likely would've been one more running play to end the half. But Todd Bowles called a timeout, hoping to give the Jets one more chance to score.
Apparently, it didn't sit too well with Belichick.
Tom Brady passed for 9 yards and a first down on the next play, and Belichick called a timeout. Then New England passed deep on back-to-back plays — drawing a 47-yard pass interference penalty on the first and connecting with James White for a 25-yard touchdown on the next.
The moral of the story? If Belichick shows you mercy, just accept it. The alternative is much worse.
The federal government is caught up in a second data privacy scare, this time involving a massive data-set on more than 96,000 of its public servants amid fears their confidential information might not be secure.
In the second potentially serious Commonwealth data breach to become public in less than a week, the public service's workplace authority has confirmed that it has withdrawn the data gathered in its massive annual employee census from public view.
96,000 public servants may have been affected in the most recent data privacy scare.
It is feared that identification codes for departments and agencies could be used to identify the individual public servants who filled in the census, the largest workplace survey undertaken in Australia, on condition of anonymity.
The data has been taken down from official websites to be washed of any features that could be used to breach the privacy of government officials.
Growing Away From GameMaker — part 3: Embracing StageXL
Nathan Kerr Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 12, 2016
In my previous post I talked about why I chose Dart over JavaScript. In this post, I want to explore my chosen framework, StageXL.
StageXL is a framework born out of the need to find a replacement for Adobe Flash. Since Flash doesn't run on mobile and HTML5 is now at a place where games can run in the browser without plugins, there came a need for game frameworks that run natively in the browser. StageXL tries to match the same methods and ideology from Flash so that developers that are comfortable with the old way should be able to adapt very easily to Dart and the framework.
Well, I'm not coming from a Flash background. I've done most of my game developing using GameMaker so the effort to match my previous experiences is pretty much lost on me. So why did I choose StageXL? It, by far, looked to be the most mature game framework available for my chosen language. So, in one sense I was stuck with it. But rather than being a negative, I consider it a positive since I wouldn't have to prototype in multiple frameworks to figure out which one was best for me.
Since I had no idea how to start, I used an example. And since I decided to port my card game over, I chose the “memory” example as it uses cards. I tore out all the fancy flipping and skewed perspective to boil it down to just a grid of playing cards. Once I had the playing cards in and displaying, I attached events for dragging and dropping. It worked. Now was the hard part of converting the game from one framework design to another.
GameMaker: Studio (GMS) divides the game into discrete pieces, the most important is the room. Every screen you see is a room in GMS. It's quite possible that there's only one room, but some games have thousands. A room is a distinct piece and can be thought of as a “level”. For my game, Slam, I used 5 rooms: 1 for the game itself and 4 “menu” rooms that housed the main menu, computer selection, store and help screens.
StageXL doesn't have rooms. It has a stage. If there are children of the Stage, they'll get drawn. If they're not children, they won't. I decided to emulate GMS so I could quickly transition the game. So I created DisplayObjectContainers for my rooms: main menu, computer selection, game, etc.
GMS defines user interaction using “objects”. These aren't objects in the “Object-oriented programming” sense, but rather they're just a collection of interactive events. They can have a sprite attached to them. They can respond to user events. Objects are created in one of two ways: either dropped in the room by using the editor or programmatically using a function. But in either case, if there are no objects in your game, the user is going to be very bored.
In StageXL, things are a bit more complicated. The base, abstract class InteractiveObject defines user interaction. The Sprite class is the concrete version that I used a lot. And I mean, a lot. Since it's a card game, the most simple interactive object is the Card. I made the Card class extend (inherit from) Sprite so it can have an image (the card face) while also having access to user interactions like dragging. I implemented these along with my converted “memory” work and I had a very basic game of “how many cards can you move at once?” (turns out it's 5).
GMS has a drag-n-drop interface for defining interactions and events, but I never use it. It's really there just for people who are brand new to programming. But since an object is the only way to interact and since the event handlers are all in the drag-n-drop interface, all of my events are variations of “run this piece of code”. So, for when the user taps their deck to refill their hand, I have this:
The properties screen for the player draw deck.
A single event that all it does is run a piece of code. That code refills the player's hand. All of my objects look like this. Some with multiple event handlers that all “execute a piece of code”. This is very annoying.
In contrast, in Dart I have a Player object. This player has two child objects: a hand and a draw deck. I'm using “children” to mean “objects that belong to me and that I can control”. The player adds a handler to listen for when the user taps to refill their hand. The code looks like this:
var clickHandler = (_){
if (_drawDeck._disabled) {
return;
}
refillHand();
};
this._drawDeck.onMouseClick.listen(clickHandler);
this._drawDeck.onTouchTap.listen(clickHandler);
This way the code is easy to reason about and find what's happening. In general, all my objects in Dart know only about themselves and their children.
One part of using GMS that I had to research was how best to do tweening. Tweens are animations between something. In Slam, I'm using tweens to animate the cards to their various positions. For example, the computer player checks each card in their hand for a move. This is shown visually by moving the card down a few pixels and then returning it to the hand. Instead of manually having to calculate each frame where the card should be drawn, I use a tween library. This library is great and works as expected.
In StageXL, there is a built-in tweening library named “Juggler”. Since it's built-in, it's easy to use and extend. In general, getting tweens to work as desired in both platforms was easy once I read the documentation. StageXL has the leg up because it's built-in.
Once I figured out these key things, most of the work consisted of copying the code functionality over to StageXL. I was able to build a fully-working version in Dart and StageXL over the course of maybe 30 hours spread over 4 weeks.
In my next part, I'll talk about how I planned to actually get it running on mobile phones using Cordova/Phonegap.
Jesse Bering is "curious about the . . . immediate, subjective experiences of girls who are faced inexplicably with the fact that their uterine linings are literally falling out of their vaginas," they write in their Scientific American column. There's just one thing standing in the way of Bering gaining an intimate knowledge of a girl's first uterine-dumping: Feminism. "There's a smattering of empirical studies on girls' firsthand experiences with menses, most coming with a rather heavy-handed feminist slant," they write. Leave it to this dude "research psychologist" (the kind who, for the record, refers to an elderly woman as a "spirited old ape before me") to cut through all of that bullshit to tell us what women really think of their first periods.
Bering's stunning conclusion: Vaginal blood brings either (a) shame or (b) nonchalant acceptance, depending upon which culture you are vaginally bleeding in! Incidentally, feminists have also observed this phenomenon, but they are wrong and they are right, for some reason. Bering explains it all:
This curious air of embarrassment, secrecy and shame surrounding menarche is a recurring theme in the empirical literature, and in fact this negative view of menstruation displays a surprising cross-cultural regularity. Even in some African nations where the first menses is publicly celebrated and the girl is doted on with special attention and gifts (perfumes, dresses, pajamas, towels), adolescent females are often deeply uncomfortable with their new biological state of affairs. A Zambian woman interviewed by York University psychologist Ayse Uskul described how embarrassed she'd been that their menstruation had become public and pointed out how she'd in fact shied away from all the attention being showered on them by their relatives. Such anecdotes would appear to pose some serious problems for traditional feminist theories, which tend to argue that Western negative attitudes toward everything from menstruation to vaginas at large are simply the result of cultural constructions. “How society officially views and treats menarche does not mean that the girl who is having their first menstruation will experience the event in the same positive way,” says Uskul. Communal ostracism of menstruating girls is also fairly common. One woman from South East Asia said that they decided to become an atheist when they were told that they couldn't participate in any religious rituals or even enter the temple while having their period. But there are also a handful of societies in which menarche is more or less shrugged off as just one of those things and public menstrual bleeding seems to stir up about as much awkwardness as a sneeze. Among the Kayapo of the Amazon, for instance, there is no such thing as makeshift sanitary protection or hygienic napkins; rather, the word there for menstruation is translated literally as “stripe down the leg.”
Let's slow this down for a second and follow Bering's reasoning here:
(a) Menstruation brings shame to women in a variety of cultures.
(b) Even in Zambia, where women are publicly celebrated with towels and stuff on the event of their first bleed, one Zambian woman was nevertheless embarrassed by the public attention to the inner workings of their vagina.
(c) The nuanced experience of this single Zambian woman—-who illustrates how both "positive" and "negative" cultural responses to menstruation turn women's bodies into public property —-apparently threatens to debunk all feminist work claiming that the shame associated with menstruation is culturally constructed.
(d) Uhhh, also, there are a few cultures where menstruation is neither punished nor celebrated and everyone is pretty much nonchalant about it, so I guess the feminists were right that reactions to menstruation actually may be culturally constructed, but I'm not going to admit that because feminists annoy me. Heh, women. What do they know about this shit?
Bering's column touches on some hugely interesting research on menstruation, even if they then uses it to bash feminists and conclude with this baseless attribution of menstruation shame to evolutionary forces: "I've often wondered if the tremendous reservation that most parents have in communicating with their children about sex has the ironic consequence of making their children more curious about it—a curiosity that translates into earlier and more frequent sexual activity," Bering writes. "And that makes me wonder if there weren't (and aren't) perhaps some natural selection pressures at work here, forces favoring parental modesty over candor in the sex education of children." And it makes me wonder if there aren't some natural selection forces favoring mansplaining over research in the field of evolutionary psychology. Get Bering on it!
Photo via amy b, Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0
"This is a really interesting time in IT where we have more transformation occurring than ever in the history of IT," says Mike Clayville, vicepresident global sales, Amazon Web Services.
Speaking at the keynote presentation for Splunk's .conf 2016, Clayville said "This is a once in a generation transformation. I believe 10 years from now we will look back at this time and recognise not only is cloud creating an unprecedented level of transformation, but we will look back and recognise 2016 was a transformational time for cloud, and that the digital transformation of companies, a lot of innovation, really emerged at this time."
"One advice I'd give to all customers is now is the time to get started. If you haven't begun the journey now is the time."
"With great partners like Splunk you can begin a journey that will create long-term sustainable strategic advantages."
"The cloud in many ways is the new normal. Most customers have decided they don't want to own data centres but to leverage the undifferentiated heavy lifting of a cloud provider like AWS and build their infrastructure on top of that."
Clayville detailed patterns of innovation they have observed as customers come onboard with Amazon Web Services.
1. Accomplish more by using the cloud.
The cloud allows the creation of entirely new markets and. For example, NetFlix created a full online-only, on-demand movie distribution platform, and Amazon.com created a global e-commerce platform.
"People see new opportunities and create an entirely new market space," Clayville says.
2. Move data to the cloud and connect with customers wherever they are
People are taking the cloud and extending their current market products and creating entirely new revenue engines. For example, General Electric with their precision medicine, John Deere with precision farming, and Samsung with its smart hub TV which runs on AWS and created an entirely new revenue stream around their TV platform.
3. Transform the back end infrastructure to make companies more nimble and agile
Clayville states General Electric saved 52% and turned new product innovation from six weeks to six hours, via cloud transformation.
How do you get started on your journey?
Clayville says if you are in a business not yet in the cloud then begin with experimentation: get a use case, and get to know how to use the cloud platform on your digital journey. Get more and more experience and gain the confidence you need to drive your company to a digital transformation.
Pretty soon, Clayville states, you'll realise there is a lot more you can do. Not only can you create experiments but you can drive real business value for your customers. Then you'll say "the sky is the limit, we can open this up to really broad usage."
Clayville continued to state that some companies change their product every two weeks, some change it a couple of times a day. Amazon releases a change every quarter of a second, they say.
Clayville states this is only possible if you listen to that data, can collect and store and analyse and share and interoperate on that data reliably and efficiently. You need a robust Enterprise Machine Data Fabric. Clayville states the key for Amazon Web Services is their use of Splunk.
"Splunk's scale and efficiency are unparalleled. The key differentiator is its late-binding schema, allowing different people to ask different questions of the same data, tuned to their use cases and business needs," they say.
A new Irish film claims that climate change guru Al Gore is an alarmist and that those who think they are saving the planet are only hurting the poor
IF THE ADVANCE publicity is anything to go by, Not Evil Just Wrong will do for Al Gore what Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11 did for George W Bush.
"This is the film Al Gore and Hollywood don't want you to see," declares the website for the latest work by film-makers Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer. The site even features a big picture of Gore, with their lips in the photograph seemingly digitally enhanced to make them look like Heath Ledger's Joker from the latest Batman film.
The website goes on to say that their latest film - which takes on what are described as global warming alarmists - is "the most controversial documentary of the year". Indeed, it could very well be the most controversial. And Al Gore and Hollywood may well not want you to see it. And in that respect, Gore and co are actually succeeding for the moment. Because there is no completed film. Not yet anyway.
McElhinney and McAleer have raised almost $1 million (€799,000) but need a total of $4.5m (€3.6m) to allow for a full cinema release. They say they were acutely disappointed at being turned down for funding by the Irish Film Board, especially its conclusion that it was "repetitive and creatively thin".
Instead, they have gone onto the internet hoping to solicit donations in the style of Barack Obama. The finished product will be around 90 minutes long. Both film-makers rebut the Film Board's criticism by pointing out that a near-complete version of the film has been chosen in the audience category at the Amsterdam Film Festival later this month.
However, for now, there is no finished product. And that creates a bit of a difficulty. The merits of the case put forward in the film can only be judged - for now - on a short trailer and on the spirited arguments put forward by its two creators, and not on the work itself.
McElhinney and McAleer, who are a married couple, are former journalists. McElhinney broke the Tristan Dowse story and the questionable money-making industry that had grown up around adoptions abroad. McAleer is a former journalist with the Sunday Times and the Financial Times, who worked as a correspondent in Bucharest for a number of years.
THIS IS NOT the first time they have courted controversy. An earlier documentary, Mine Your Own Business, contended that the actions of environmentalists were destroying communities and lives in developing countries. A screening in the US was picketed by environmental groups. And the documentary was also criticised because it was 70 per cent funded by Gabriel Resources, the Canadian mining company that wanted to develop an open pit gold mine in an impoverished village in Romania. This surely compromised the editorial objectivity of the film.
On the contrary, McAleer says. They point out that it is stated clearly in the first five minutes of the film where the funding came from. They also assert that the funder had no editorial control and only saw the film after completion. But why fund it then?
"They saw what I had written [about the village] in the Financial Times and saw that I was representing it in a fair way. Also they had a good story to tell. They were the only people who could save this village from being destroyed by environmentalists."
The latest work, when it appears, will tackle the same subject but on a far more ambitious - and provocative - scale. They will set out to prove the true cost of what they call "global warming hysteria", which they claim damages the lives of vulnerable people. Shooting took place in Ireland, Uganda, China, England, France and the US.
The film, as outlined by both, explores three strands. The first looks at previous "scares", namely the widespread ban on the use of the anti-malaria pesticide DDT, because of its effect on the environment. The ban was highly controversial because there was evidence that its absence actually increased the incidence of malaria in poorer countries. Both describe the ban as appalling and a disgrace, putting the lives of birds and wildlife ahead of human beings who died from disease-carrying mosquitoes.
The second strand explores what they contend are "flaws" in the climate change argument. It is clear that the biggest "flaw" from their perspective has a name and it is Al Gore.
"We look at the bigger errors that are in An Inconvenient Truth," says McElhinney, who asserts that scientists are not settled on climate change, and there is not incontrovertible evidence that it is happening.
It's not possible to gainsay the film. But you wonder does the logic follow all the way through. Gore still believes in a ban on DDT, says McElhinney, arguing that this compromises their views on climate change. Not necessarily. They also explore nine "flaws" in Gore's film, established by the High Court in Britain during a civil case. Their major contentions include criticism of the famous inverted hockey stick graph which purported to show constant emissions for many centuries and big increases in CO2 emissions since 1900. That model completely neglected medieval warming (proven) and the little ice age from the 16th century to 1850 (also proven), they argue.
IN BRIEF, THEIR other main assertions are: there has been no global warming since 1995; the polar bear population is not under threat from climate change but from human hunters; they also say that the Arctic and Greenland glaciers have been receding since 1850, long before the invention of SUVs; and, finally, that the UN's International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) takes issue with Al Gore's contention that sea levels will rise by 20ft (more like 19 inches, says the IPCC).
None of these arguments are new. It is the view of critics of global warming that the Earth's climate is still recovering from the Little Ice Age after it ended around 1850. A quick Google of any of the above issues does point to potential flaws (ie too much reliance on modelling, projecting and extrapolation) but the problem is that the contrary argument often teeters on a rickety foundation.
The third strand is McAleer's argument that the measures proposed to tackle climate change will cause crisis and chaos. The world would collapse without fossil fuel, they say. "The cure could be worse than the disease."  They are particularly scathing of Al Gore's call for a total ban on fossil fuels in a decade, which would be a disaster, leading to millions of people being driven into poverty.
The views are certainly contrarian. But there are some eminent scientists among the contributors, including Dr Syun-Ichi Akasofu, former director of the International Arctic Research Centre and Prof Richard Lindzen, an atmospheric physicist from MIT, both of whom are sceptics.
The authority of all the arguments will be severely tested. One is mindful of Martin Durkin's controversial The Great Global Warming Swindle for Channel 4 that set about debunking global warming as an overstated theory. The film was criticised by the UK TV regulator (Ofcom) for inaccuracies, and the Ofcom decision gave Durkin's critics a field day in attacking the credibility of their film.
Do McElhinney and McAleer themselves reject climate change, reject the need to cut down on our dependency on oil? "The idea that CO2 causes climate change or causes global warming - let's keep it clear - is not settled," says McElhinney. "The idea of dramatically altering the way we live would be a mistake until more information has been gathered." Both believe that there is no panic, and that the world has 300 years (until coal is exhausted) to come up with alternative sources of energy.
They are right about one thing - it will be very controversial. Their arguments will be unremittingly scrutinised, leaving only two possible outcomes: the film will debunk and expose, or be itself debunked and exposed.
It is hard to think of a government that has backpedalled as hard on as many fronts so soon after being elected as the Trudeau Liberals.
It took the Chrétien government, it is true, only a month to renege on its promise to “renegotiate or abrogate” NAFTA. But it was a couple of years before it made the transition from austerity-bashing to deficit-slashing, and a year or two more before it finally admitted it had no intention of abolishing the GST.
But here we are, barely two months into the new government, and already the Liberal platform is in tatters. The promise to hold deficits to $10-billion for two years is but a distant memory. The promise to bring in 25,000 refugees by New Year's was off by a factor of four. The CF-18s are still flying bombing missions over Iraq and Syria, and may remain there past the original March deadline.
Then there is the matter of the Saudi tanks. Strictly speaking, the government's decision to honour a $15-billion contract to deliver light armoured vehicles to the Saudi Arabian National Guard is not in violation of any election promise: asked about it during the campaign, Justin Trudeau was clear that they would not intervene. But the government's dissembling explanations of its stance are no less clearly contrary to the broader understanding on which it was elected: that it would not behave like the government that preceded it.
Certainly the government's public insouciance over the deal is at odds with the self-righteous rhetoric of senior Liberals prior to the election over the Harper government's willingness do business with the repressive Saudi regime. Yet it was after the election, not before, that the mass execution of 47 prisoners put fresh scrutiny on the Saudis' long history of human rights abuses.
The Liberals might have explained their position in terms of blunt realpolitik — the Saudis, bloody-handed as they may be, are a bulwark against still worse butchers in a part of the world where none of the options are pretty, etc etc. But that would have invited questions about why they had only discovered all this after they were elected. So instead they have resorted to secrecy, doubletalk and bluster — that familiar combination from the Harper years.
Even before the election, candidate Trudeau was dismissing the vehicles, notwithstanding the 105 mm cannons mounted on their turrets, as mere “jeeps.” Since then, the government has disclaimed any responsibility for the deal, which it describes as a private contract — though in fact it was brokered by the Canadian Commercial Corporation, a federal agency, and though no such international arms deal can proceed without federal approval. At the same time, the government has flatly refused to release a recently-completed report on the Saudi government's human rights record.
This sort of hypocrisy has rightly brought the government in for some heavy criticism. But meanwhile there have been developments on another file, also to do with trade, also involving a notoriously brutal dictatorship. Yet far from igniting a similar firestorm of condemnation, the latter deal has been met largely with silence, if not outright approval.
I speak, of course, of the free trade agreement with China the government is reported to be seeking. To be fair, no one could accuse the Liberals of aping the Conservatives on this one.
The Harper government, you'll remember, was almost as heavily criticized for its reluctance to deal with China — something about human rights abuses, I believe — as the Liberals have been for dealing with the Saudis. When the premier of China publicly lectured Stephen Harper, on their first visit to Beijing, for their standoffishness, political and opinion leaders in this country rushed to their side — the Chinese premier's I mean, not the former prime minister's.
Yet the Chinese dictatorship's record on human rights is at least as bad as the Saudis'. It is very likely the world's most prolific executioner, though it is hard to say as it refuses to provide figures. “Torture and other ill-treatment [remain] widespread,” according to Amnesty International: “China's criminal justice system is still heavily reliant on forced confessions,” using instruments as crude as spiked rods. Meanwhile “there is systematic repression of minority groups, including Tibetans, Uighurs, [and] Mongolians.”
“China remains an authoritarian state,” Human Rights Watch observes, “one that systematically curbs fundamental rights, including freedom of expression, association, assembly, and religion.” Overall, Freedom House assigns China a freedom rating of 6.5 on a scale of 1 to 7, with 1 being the best and 7 the worst. That's better, marginally, than Saudi Arabia's score: a perfect 7. But it hardly explains the very different responses they elicit.
To be sure, not every situation is the same. It might be argued, for example, that agreeing to trade freely with an odious regime is less objectionable than supplying it with arms. Or not: if Canada did not sell the Saudis LAVs, someone else would. If we are not directly supplying arms to China, we are providing it with the wherewithal, through trade, to buy them from someone else.
Indeed, the situations are arguably more similar than they are different. Our relations with both regimes are decidedly ambiguous. The Saudis are officially our allies in the war on terrorism, yet among the world's largest sponsors of Islamic extremism. The same Chinese government with whom we are so eager to do business has made us the target of massive campaigns of espionage and cyber-warfare.
This may be nothing more than a statement that the world's a complex place. No doubt some degree of hypocrisy is unavoidable in foreign affairs. There will always be a tension between our ideals and pragmatic necessities; the result may sometimes look a lot like selective morality. But we might at least acknowledge this, rather than pretending to a moral purity we do not possess or even aspire to.
Many of Donald Trump's comments on foreign relations have left experts and former policymakers scratching their heads, and, in some cases, hostile to their candidacy for president.
Case in point are the 50 former foreign policy officials from Republican administrations who last month announced they wouldn't vote for Trump because they have “demonstrated repeatedly that they have little understanding of America's vital national interests.”
Their position is not surprising. Trump's perspective on foreign policy sees a continuing decline of American power and influence in the world. Most foreign policy experts don't question the United States' dominant role on the world stage. America has been a superpower for as long as they can remember -- to think otherwise is almost heresy.
But basic economic statistics tell a different story.
In a period of about 15 years, America's share of global manufacturing has dropped from 28 percent to roughly 17 percent. The trade deficit has increased 38 percent over the same time period -- from $360 billion to $500 billion. Meanwhile, average economic growth has slowed from over 3 percent to a meager 2 percent, and the federal debt has skyrocketed to an unsustainable 100 percent of gross domestic product.
In Trump's assessment, America's power flows directly from its economic strength. The ability of the United States to influence other nations is a result of the competitive advantage held by its industries.
Therefore, growth in the trade deficit is a clear indicator of American decline, especially when Chinese exports are increasing. The manufacturing and technology sectors are incredibly important industries to U.S. power and prestige in Trump's view. Regaining America's place as a heavy manufacturing leader is paramount for Trump. Renegotiating trade deals or effectively enforcing them to protect American competitiveness is necessary to reversing the relative decline of U.S. industry and the leakage of jobs overseas. Perhaps more important are Trump's calls for the reform of a burdensome bureaucratic federal state that cost the economy more than $2 trillion in 2012, according to a study commissioned by the National Association of Manufacturers. Trump also wants to see the reform of our antiquated tax system, which automatically puts American companies at a competitive disadvantage.
Trump views growing the economy as crucial to rebuilding a military capable of meeting the challenges America will face in coming decades -- particularly from a resurgent and expansionist China.
Trump believes that the United States must be realistic in its approach to foreign policymaking. It should avoid nation-building, recognizing that attempts to force Western-style democracy on societies that reject or are not prepared for it are futile, wastes resources that should be spent on domestic needs, and results in the needless deaths of countless Americans and foreign nationals. Trump views the Iraq War and the subsequent military intervention in Libya as disasters that only destabilized the Middle East and further fanned the flames of terrorism.
There's no question that Trump sees Islamist terror as the most immediate threat to America. Trump made this clear in a recent speech where they said that “all actions should be oriented around this goal, and any country which shares this goal will be our ally.”
It's through the same lens that they view Russia. For Trump, the enemy of our enemy is our friend -- at least until our mutual enemy is destroyed.
Trump takes a similarly cautious approach to China. Trump has called for better relations with Beijing on multiple occasions, but they understand that China's increasing economic power is translating into greater military capabilities in the region. Trump is aware of the importance of keeping Russia as a counterbalance to China's growing dominance. “Don't ever let China and Russia get together,” Trump has said. He's right.
The Trump Doctrine appears uninformed only to those who fail to see that the competitiveness of U.S. industry is key to America's ability to project power, and that the challenges of Islamist terror and the rise of China require a review of our strategic alliances and policies, which were largely shaped by the Cold War.
While these factors may not be apparent to the foreign policy establishment now, Trump will likely be proven right with time. We can only hope that the next president will be someone who understands the need to adapt to a changing world before it's too late.
MeeGo startup Jolla has just announced that its first smartphone will go on sale in Finland on November 27th. It will be sold by Finnish carrier DNA — the first carrier Jolla signed up to its Sailfish OS project, back in November last year.
The Finnish startup announced the news on stage at the Slush conference taking place in Helsinki this week. It said a pop-up DNA Kauppa shop will be selling its phones on Narinkkatori, central Helsinki, for a single evening — with the first batch consisting of just 450 phones — so this is something of a symbolic launch for the plucky startup that's been talking about reviving MeeGo since July 2012.
The first Jolla phones will also be primarily sold to those who have made a pre-booking — which refers to the pre-sales campaign Jolla ran earlier this year, inviting would-be buyers to reserve a handset with a part-payment. Pre-bookers will be invited to the launch event to hand over the rest of the cash and walk away with their Sailfish-powered handset.
“Thousands” of Finns have pre-booked a Jolla phone, the startup said today. It has previously said its first pre-sales batch — which closed in August — consisted of up to 50,000 units, although it declined to put a specific figure on the batch.
Jolla phones will be available to others at DNA Kauppa outlets in early December, it added today. Other parts of Europe are likely to follow, according to Jolla's Marc Dillon, although it's not announcing other carrier partners as yet.
“Jolla has attracted an enormous amount of interest. Because the basic idea with Jolla is to develop the phone in co-creation spirit with the users, it seemed like the right thing to offer the first phones to those who had displayed an interest in them as soon as the first phones become available,” said DNA's Business Director Cedric Kamtsan in a statement.
“DNA has been effectively collaborating with us by bringing in an important consumer perspective into the product development. As the first Jolla phone is about to be launched, everything is ready to make the consumers involved. The launch does not mark the end to product development, it goes on in cooperation with the consumers,” added Jolla's CEO Tomi Pienimäki in a statement.
The first Jolla phone has a 4.5″ Estrade display, a dual-core chip, 4G, 16GB internal memory plus a microSD card slot, an 8MP auto focus camera, a user-replaceable battery and interchangeable backplates that can influence the UI's look and feel. Jolla has previously said the handset will cost €399 — and Jolla's Dillon confirmed that remains its price-tag now.
The startup, which is comprised of ex-Nokians who carried the MeeGo torch out of the building when Nokia decided to throw its all in with Microsoft's Windows Phone platform, has always said it will prioritise its home market for the launch of its first device.
That said, China is also a strong focus for Jolla — which has set up an alliance to support its MeeGo-derived Sailfish OS in the region, and attracted backing to the tune of €200M from “leading industry players”.
Jolla has not specified who exactly is involved in the alliance, although a Hong Kong-based telecoms and mining firm, China Fortune, took a 6.25% stake in the startup back in February.
Asked about other investors, Dillon told TechCrunch: “There are a lot of things that are going on here but we don't have any new announcements.”
TechCrunch's Kim-Mai Cutler, who is in Finland at the Slush conference, contributed to this article
People don't remember phone #'s, because they don't have to.
People don't need to worry about spelling, because they don't have to.
People don't need to know how to get from one place to another, because they don't need to - or shouldn't need to.
Amid a rash of criticism of Apple's new mapping system on iOS 6, Nokia deserves some bragging rights.
After years of less than engaging or clever marketing, I am pleased to see Nokia stepping up to the plate and getting its act together. Clearly Nokia marketing is striking while the iron is hot. Earlier today I took notice of a clever - and open - comparison of Nokia comparing its upcoming Lumia 920 to Apple's new iPhone 5 (arriving on our doorstop tomorrow).
Now Nokia is standing on rooftops, calling out to anyone who will listen, that they are the best in location and mapping on phones. Not a rushed afterthought (I'm looking at you Apple). And certainly not a loss leader for an advertising scheme (I'm looking at you Google). And frankly while Google does "ok" most of the time, Nokia deserves its bragging rights because it makes you feel local, wherever you are.
When Nokia bought Navteq, I worried that 20 years of research, platform development and mapping would fall into an abyss from which there is no return. Fortunately my worries did not pan out. Nokia continues to advance the features, the accuracy and the already very good consumer experience of its Navteq platform.
Over the years, I've toyed with Nokia's based Navteq maps. During my most recent tests on a Lumia 900, I found Nokia's mapping system to be exceptional. Why? Location products must remove worry from the customer, not create more worry. Unlike Google and Apple Maps, Nokia Maps put customers at ease instead of causing anxiety. Whether I was traveling in Europe, or sparse areas north of Toronto, the Nokia system never had to apologize because it "could not connect to the cellular network". Nor did I ever get upset with the system for not giving me enough notice to take an exit, or turn left. My experience remained consistent as a made my way through public transportation systems, or remote islands like Turks and Caicos - whether I was walking, biking or driving. And my car never showed up on the wrong side of the road.
Whether you are a consumer who wants to occasionally to use your phone to accurately map your drive, or a road warrior with little sense of direction (like me) Nokia is the top of the line and will keep you on time and at ease.
Nokia completely owns, builds and distributes it mapping content, platform and apps.
It turns out Donald Trump is every bit the “ratings machine” they think they are.
A Trump-hosted Saturday Night Live episode over the weekend was the show's most-watched in nearly four years, drawing a whopping 6.6 household rating, according to Variety.
The ratings far surpassed those of last month's season premiere, which just so happened to feature a special guest appearance from the GOP hopeful's rival Hillary Clinton, Entertainment Weekly reports.
A January 2012 episode hosted by Charles Barkley with musical guest Kelly Clarkson held the show's previous high.
During their hosting appearance Saturday night, Trump danced and rapped to Drake's “Hotline Bling,” played the laser harp and got called a racist by Larry David. But here are some behind-the-scenes moments you may have missed:
(Well, maybe you saw that last one HERE.)
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
The real estate mogul made their SNL hosting debut more than a decade ago in April 2004. They joked during their monologue, “It's great to be here on Saturday Night Live, but I'll be completely honest, it's even better for Saturday Night Live that I'm here.”
“Nobody's bigger than me, nobody's better than me; I'm a ratings machine.”
Can't argue with that.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Let's be honest, we've all thought it. But now former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry is taking America to task on why they call gridiron ‘football'.
The Frenchman, who spent eight years with the Gunners between 1999 and 2007, now plays in America's MLS for New York Red Bulls – but isn't yet completely comfortable with life across the pond.
Despite having been in the States for four years, there's one thing which still leaves the 36-year-old scratching their head – and they decided an appearance on a US talk show was the perfect time to make their point.
‘You guys call our game soccer and your game football,' they said rather indignantly.
‘Then you throw the ball, so I don't know why you call your game football.'
Good point, well made Thierry.
MORE: United trio star in Korean meatball ad
Netflix has released two new photos and episode information for the upcoming season 4 of the dystopian anthology series Black Mirror. The photos are for the episodes titled Arkangel and USS Callister. They also released the episode titles, along with the main cast and director of each episode. There is no official release date at this time.
The first photo is for Arkangel.
Cast: Rosemarie Dewitt (La La Land, Mad Men), Brenna Harding (A Place to Call Home), Owen Teague (Bloodline) Director: Jodie Foster
Written by: Charlie Brooker
The second photo is for USS Callister.
Cast: Jesse Plemons (Black Mass, Fargo), Cristin Milioti (The Wolf of Wall Street, Fargo), Jimmi Simpson (Westworld, House of Cards), Michaela Coel (Chewing Gum, Monsters: Dark Continent)
Director: Toby Haynes (Dr Who, Sherlock)
Written By: Charlie Brooker & William Bridges
Crocodile
Cast: Andrea Riseborough (Birdman, Bloodline), Andrew Gower (Outlander), Kiran Sonia Sawar (Murdered By My Father)
Director: John Hillcoat (Triple Nine, Lawless)
Written By: Charlie Brooker
Hang the DJ
Cast: Georgina Campbell (Flowers, Broadchurch), Joe Cole (Peaky Blinders, Green Room), George Blagden (Versailles, Vikings)
Director: Tim Van Patten (The Sopranos, Game of Thrones) Written By: Charlie Brooker
Metalhead
Cast: Maxine Peake (The Theory Of Everything, The Village), Jake Davies (The Missing, A Brilliant Young Mind), Clint Dyer (Hope Springs)
Director: David Slade (Hannibal, American Gods)
Written By: Charlie Brooker
Black Museum
Cast: Douglas Hodge (The Night Manager, Catastrophe), Letitia Wright (Humans, Ready Player One), Babs Olusanmokun (Roots, The Defenders)
Director: Colm McCarthy (The Girl with All the Gifts)
Written By: Charlie Brooker
Betty Fox, the mother of cancer research icon Terry Fox, has died.
A news release from the Terry Fox Foundation, which they helmed for 30 years, said they "passed away peacefully surrounded by love" on Friday morning.
Fox, who was in their early 70s, was being cared for at a hospice in Chilliwack, B.C., during the final weeks of their life.
"We have greatly appreciated the privacy granted to our family since Betty's illness was shared and are hoping it continues at this difficult time," the Fox family said in statement.
Reactions pour in
B.C. Premier Christy Clark referred to Betty Fox as a "great Canadian" who "embodied all the qualities that as British Columbians we admire."
B.C. NDP Leader Adrian Dix said "from Terry's Marathon of Hope to expanding their legacy through the Terry Fox Foundation, Betty always carried themselves with quiet determination and dignity."
Rick Hansen, Canada's Man in Motion, said Betty Fox was a "remarkable woman, who will be sorely missed. Them enthusiasm and compassion were infectious, and their tireless dedication to pursuing Terry's dream inspired millions to believe in a world without cancer."
Heritage Minister James Moore said Betty Fox was a "pillar of support" for their son during their cross-Canada run and that they continued the spirit of Terry's fight against cancer.
As a young bone cancer survivor with an artificial leg, Terry Fox won hearts with their run across Canada to raise money and awareness about the disease. Their goal was to persuade every Canadian to donate one dollar to the cause.
Their 1980 "Marathon of Hope" was halted near Thunder Bay, Ont., as they suffered a recurrence of the disease.
Betty Fox on a 2000 visit to the statue of their son Terry that is situated below Parliament Hill in Ottawa. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press) Terry Fox died on June 28, 1981, but not before becoming, at that time, the youngest person ever to be awarded the Order of Canada.
Betty and their other son, Darrell, set up and ran the Terry Fox Foundation following their death, raising more than $550 million for cancer research in 28 countries through the foundation's annual Terry Fox Runs. The first run was held on Sept. 13, 1981.
Betty Fox quit their job in order to travel the world, listen to the stories of other cancer sufferers and advocate on their son's behalf for increased research funding.
In 2007, Fox had their hair shorn during the Fox Family Head Shave, the opening event of the Terry Fox at Work Day fundraising initiative.
Betty Fox was chosen as one of the Canadian flag bearers in the opening ceremonies of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Recently, Fox had been working with Vancouver artist Douglas Coupland on a project to redesign the memorial to their son outside BC Place in downtown Vancouver.
The tile archway that was erected in the early 1980s is being replaced with a memorial that will include four bronze statues of the one-legged runner from Port Coquitlam, B.C. The sculptures will show Terry Fox's signature hop-and-run style in stop-action steps.
On June 3, media reports suggested that Betty Fox was suffering from cancer.
But a statement released by the Terry Fox Foundation later that day clarified that they were seriously ill, but not with cancer.
 They are survived by their husband, Rolly, and their children Darrell, Fred and Judy.
A missionary friend of mine in Eastern Europe recently gave me a heads-up regarding an excellent article written by Sebastian Swift entitled "5 Confirmed False Flag Operations And How To Spot Them In The Future."
Swift writes, "The false flag phenomenon is distinctively modern and used as an ideological weapon to control populations with the fear of a manufactured enemy. They are used in ostensibly democratic systems where people believe they have inalienable rights. Such democratic systems--primarily the United States, Israel, and Great Britain--must shock people into sociopolitical and geopolitical consent and, as such, require sophisticated modern propaganda systems and advanced covert operations teams with highly proficient skills." Here are their telltale signs of a false flag operation:
There is an immediate comprehensive narrative, including a convenient culprit. Law enforcement, government agencies, and the mainstream media immediately proffer a narrative that completely explains the event and encourages citizens to tie their intellectual understanding of the tragedy to the emotions they experience. In their lecture at Contact in the Desert, [author and researcher] Richard Dolan noted that a distinguishing characteristic of a false flag operation is that the official narrative IS NOT questioned by the media. There are often legislative, ideological and sociopolitical power plays waiting in the wings, which the government can immediately implement.
The official narrative has obvious domestic and geopolitical advantages for the governing body. The Bush administration used 9/11 to usher in the War on Terror, which has served as a lynchpin for countless civil liberty infringements by the national security state, including ubiquitous domestic surveillance and indefinite detention.
The narrative behind the attack serves to leverage emotions like fear, as well as patriotism, in order to manufacture consent around a previously controversial issue. For example, many of the recent domestic terror attacks, including the Aurora [and Orlando] shooting[s], have exacerbated and reinforced advocacy of gun control legislation.
Military training drills and police drills occur on the day of and very near the attack itself, causing confusion to obscure eye witness testimony and allowing orchestrators to plant both patsies, disinformation and backup operatives. This is no small point. An incredible percentage of major domestic or international terror attacks have involved simultaneous "training drills.” This list includes, but is not limited to, the infamous NORAD drills of 9/11, the 7/7 London Bombings, the 2011 Norway shooting, the Aurora shooting, Sandy Hook, and the Boston Marathon. Though none of the asupervisorstioned events can be confirmed or denied without a doubt, they bear a striking resemblance to previous false flag attacks and should be looked at with an investigative eye.
See the article here.
It's time for those of us who have been reluctant to consider the possibility that our own government (and the governments of Israel and Great Britain) could actually be complicit in domestic terrorism in order to further a nefarious agenda to at least stop accepting the government and media's version of these tragedies at face value. For the most part, the mainstream media is little more than a propaganda ministry for the federal government. We haven't seen true objective investigative journalism since before the death of John F. Kennedy.
Granted, not every national tragedy is part of a government conspiracy--and there is a plethora of "conspiracy nuts" out there to whom EVERYTHING is a conspiracy and through which we must wade to try to ascertain the truth. These people make it difficult for all of us. The Internet has provided the Chicken Littles of the world with an opportunity to play journalist. And their “everything's-a-conspiracy” rants only serve to mask the true conspiracies and turn the average John Doe away from the truth. That's why I believe that many of these “conspiracy-everywhere” Internet bloggers are actually PART OF THE CONSPIRACY. Their job is to make genuine whistleblowers and researchers look like conspiracy “kooks.” Then, of course, there are genuine kooks out there, too.
Regardless, the similarities and "coincidences" of many of these national tragedies are just too numerous for rational people to ignore. I believe Mr. Swift's analysis is very intelligent, coherent, and plausible.
Our Founding Fathers believed their government (the British Crown) was deliberately conspiring against them. Thomas Jefferson said as much in our Declaration of Independence:
“Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that humankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.”
Read it again: “But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a DESIGN to reduce them under absolute Despotism . . . .” Jefferson and the rest of America's founders believed that there was a “design” (i.e, “plot,” “scheme,” or “conspiracy,” if you please) to “reduce them under absolute Despotism.” So, if you believe that government conspiracy is only for kooks, you must include America's Founding Fathers in that group.
Patrick Henry may have said it best: "We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth, and listen to the song of that siren, till they transform us into beasts. Is this the part of wise men, engaged in a great and arduous struggle for liberty? Are we disposed to be of the number of those who, having eyes, see not, and having ears, hear not, the things which so nearly concern their temporal salvation?
"For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth--to know the worst and to provide for it."
I submit if we deliberately "shut our eyes against a painful truth," liberty is not long for this country. And there is plenty of blame to go around.
Obviously, the “no conspiracy” group is contributing greatly to the demise of liberty by their unwillingness to even examine the evidence suggesting government conspiracies. Truly, they are shutting their eyes “against a painful truth.” And, unfortunately, this group is most prevalent among pastors, Christians, and churches.
I find it incredible that people who supposedly study their Bibles are so completely blind to government conspiracies. The Old and New Testaments are replete with examples of government conspiracies. Jewish governments, especially, were notorious for conspiring against God's prophets in the Old Testament and against Jesus and the Apostles in the New Testament. Plus, the New Testament plainly pictures the master conspirator, Satan, as being the “god of this world” and “the prince of the power of the air.” Their offer to Christ on the Mount of Temptation to give Jesus the “kingdoms of the world” was NOT challenged by the Lord. In other words, Jesus didn't dispute the fact that Satan controls many, if not most, of the world's governments. The Book of Ephesians warns against the conspiracy of “principalities,” “powers,” “rulers of the darkness of this world,” and “spiritual wickedness in high places.” Every Bible commentator that I respect includes wicked civil magistrates within these personages. Yet when one brings up the possibility of government conspiracies to the average church member, they or they are treated as if they have the palsy.
Nowhere is this attitude of the denial of conspiracies more evident than in the whole Muslim versus America façade. Almost no Christian leader seems to be able to see the “man behind the curtain” in this whole affair. They have absolutely NO concept of what the governments of the U.S., Great Britain, Israel, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia are surreptitiously doing to instigate and foment this “war with Islam.” (Of course, there is no war against the Islamic states of Saudi Arabia and Turkey; they are our “allies.”) Christians aren't even willing to study the matter. Therefore, the devil--along with the evil miscreants inside Western governments that they controls--is able to go about their diabolical work completely undetected.
But, in all fairness, the “everything's-a-conspiracy” group must also share culpability in our country's demise. There are too many professing “patriots” who seem to have no honesty or objectivity whatsoever. To them, everything government does is bad whether it is or isn't. And, of course, they, the so-called “patriots,” can do NOTHING wrong.
For example, if a black kid in an inner city is unjustly killed by a police officer, these “patriots” say absolutely NOTHING. But if one of their “own” is justly killed by police, they scream “tyranny” and shout about the need for revolution. Such people seem to have no reasoning ability and no understanding of Natural Law. They are agenda driven as surely as are big-government toadies. In fact, some of these “patriot” Internet bloggers and radio broadcasters are no better than the mainstream media: they twist the truth in order to pander to the people who are supporting them financially. It's not about principle; it's not about truth; it's not about the rule of law. It's all about their financial success.
When we only condemn injustice committed by government, while overlooking and condoning injustice committed by so-called “patriots,” we lose all credibility and integrity. Everything is not a conspiracy. Every police officer or federal agent is not a Jackboot. Sometimes there are real acts of violence committed by real deranged criminals with no help whatsoever from anyone--including anyone in government. And sometimes there are so-called “patriots” who are themselves evil, using the freedom movement for their own ulterior purposes. And, of course, there are well-intentioned people who sometimes do very foolish and unwise things. And only foolish and unwise people would condone and support foolish and unwise actions, even if they are well-intentioned.
I totally agree with Sebastian Swift's article that there are indeed false flag operations being perpetrated by rogue elements within government--including the governments of the United States, Great Britain, and Israel. I further agree that people need to honestly and objectively be alert for the identifying characteristics of these false flag operations. More than that, the American people need to begin holding our civil magistrates accountable for these operations, as they could not continue without the tacit support of our elected representatives and President.
But what we do NOT need are phony “patriots” who do nothing but distract, confuse, and incite by calling everything a conspiracy and who themselves are guilty of unlawful conduct--unlawful conduct as defined by God and Natural Law. (This is why the ignorance and silence of America's pulpits is such an egregious crime: people do not even know how to discern lawful and unlawful conduct because pastors are not teaching them these Biblical Natural Law principles.) Plus, I am personally convinced that many of these hot-headed so-called “patriots” are in reality government agent provocateurs who are deliberately trying to incite real patriots into doing something stupid.
Again, I submit if we deliberately "shut our eyes against a painful truth," liberty is not long for this country. And that includes admitting when a tragedy is NOT a conspiracy. But it also means admitting when evidence suggests that it IS.
US citizens need to take necessary precautions as law enforcement officials in Berlin continue to search for the suspect who drove a truck into a Christmas Market on Monday, the US Embassy in Berlin said in an emergency message.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — At least 12 people were killed and 49 others injured when a truck drove into a Christmas Market at Breitscheidplatz in Berlin on Monday evening.
"Embassy Berlin encourages all US citizens to maintain good situational awareness, a low profile, and exercise vigilance," the message stated on Tuesday. "German media reports the Christmas Market attack investigation continues and the perpetrator of the attack may still be at large."
© REUTERS / Hannibal Hanschke State Department Says No US Citizens Injured, Involved in Berlin Truck Attack
Earlier on Tuesday, US State Department spokesperson John Kirby said they are not aware of any Americans injured or killed in the attack.
A 23-year-old Pakistani man, arrested after the attack has been released because prosecutors did not have evidence proving their links to the attack, according to media reports.
The Pathfinder Roleplaying Game system is one I greatly enjoy running and playing. I enjoy it so much I've started writing some small expansions for the system. Now I'd like to share my enjoyment of Pathfinder by giving away everything any group would need to run a full Pathfinder campaign. That means the Pathfinder Core rule book, the Pathfinder Bestiary, and the Pathfinder GameMastery Guide. All in hard cover, bundled together and shipped to anywhere in the world I can legally ship to from the US – all for one lucky winner.
In addition to winning three brand new hard covers, I'll also include download codes for every Pathfinder expansion document I've created. Five other winners will also receive all of these PDFs for free, and 10 additional winners will receive one Pathfinder compatible PDF for free as well. 16 winners in all!
How to enter
Entering this contest is as easy as sending us an email. Increasing your chances to win will require a little bit more work on your part. Each person will automatically receive one entry simply by emailing us. Include the words Pathfinder Contest in your subject line and if you'd like to, let me know where in the world you are because I'm curious. That's all you'll need to do to enter this contest. Want to increase your chances of winning? No problem, but I'm going to ask a bit more of you.
How to score up to 10 entries.
Facebook user? Head to the official Aruneus page and click that “Like” button! Okay, even if you don't want to do that, at the very least comment on this note with your name. Make sure to include in your email that you added a comment to the note and/or liked the group. Liking the group get's you 1 extra entry, commenting on the note also gets you 1 extra entry.
that you added a comment to the note and/or liked the group. Liking the group get's you 1 extra entry, commenting on the note also gets you 1 extra entry. On Twitter? Follow me and earn yourself another 2 entries! Include your Twitter user name in the email you send us .
. Visit the Aruneus Kickstarter project. Look at the updates and find out how many gods inhabit the world of Aruneus. Include this number in your email for 2 additional entries. While you're there, I'd love it if you take a look around and see what the project is all about.
for 2 additional entries. While you're there, I'd love it if you take a look around and see what the project is all about. Lastly, if you have a blog or website, and you post about this contest with a link to it, you'll earn an additional 3 additional entries. Make sure to include a link to this in your email.
It is possible to get yourself 10 entries to this contest. If you are already following me on Twitter or have already liked the Aruneus facebook page, just let me know and you will receive the extra entries.
Each entry will be assigned a number based on when I receive them. At the conclusion of this contest, the winners will be selected in a random drawing using a random number generator to select the winning entries.
The Rules
Only one email per person please.
All decisions regarding the winners are final.
You can't write for Troll in the Corner and enter this contest.
This contest is open to anyone I can legally ship these books to, anywhere in the world. It's up to you to make sure I can do that though! (Shipping from the US). I can't be held responsible if for some reason I can't ship these to your country.
I'll be insuring this shipment and tracking it but I can't be responsible if the US Postal Service screws up.
Contest ends Wednesday, August 4th at 11:59 PM EST . Any entries received after that will not be considered.
. Any entries received after that will not be considered. Make sure you use a valid email address that you check! That's how I'll be contacting the winners. On that note, I will not be selling, keeping or using these emails for any other purpose than this contest.
Thanks for entering, and good luck!
[tags]rpg, role playing games, pathfinder, contest, aruneus[/tags]
Those who live on the east Texas coast are breathing a huge sigh of relief, as Harvey's rain bands have finally left the area. Record-breaking rainfall has left the Houston metro area dealing with a 500-year flood.
Here are a few ways to try to put the amount of rain that fell, into perspective:
Snow is one thing Coloradans are familiar with. Let's say somehow, although extremely unlikely, we got a snow storm with 50 inches of water available in it. In the cold winter months, Denver usually has a snow to water ratio of 15 to 1. That would mean the city would have the opportunity to get 750 inches of snow, or 62 and half feet. Denver's average snow total for an entire season, is about 56 inches.
Lets say that storm hit the mountains as well. The snow to water ratio can be 30 to 1 there at times, due to the colder, drier air. Harvey would have dumped 1,500 inches of snow, or 125 feet.
The biggest snowstorm to ever hit Colorado, way back in 1913, dumped 86 inches of snow in Georgetown, and 45.7 inches in Denver.
Loveland Ski Area gets some of the most snow in the state, and gets an average of 422 inches for the whole season.
Most people in the US are familiar with Niagara Falls. According to Niagara Parks 750,000 gallons of water pours over the three falls there every second.
The Houston metro area covers 10,000 square miles, and they received between 30 and 50 inches of rain during Harvey's wrath, so lets just work with an average of 30 inches across the whole metro area.
On average, one inch of rain, equals 27,154 gallons of water. That means nearly 7 trillion (6,951,424,000,000) gallons of rain fell during the 4 day storm. If 64.8 billion gallons of water flows over Niagara Falls every day, than the rain from Harvey in the Houston metro area would take 107 days to flow over the falls.
Copyright 2017 KUSA
A month ago I brought you the Blackbelt, a belt-driven 3D printer with an “infinite Z” meaning you can print really long objects or multiple objects in the same print job. Now there's a new printer on the block, and it looks like it's blowing the Blackbelt out of the proverbial 3D printing water.
The Printrbelt is basically a 3D printer that prints onto a moving platform. As the object is completed, it moves down the belt slightly along the Z axis and then pops the object off the belt when it is done. The printer prints at a surprising angle and instead of creating a top-down object it creates angled cross-sections of the object as it spools down the belt.
The team is building the printers now and is ready to ship as soon as they get pre-orders. The $1,699.15 price tag, however, is what really sets the system apart. Unlike the Blackbelt, this sub-$2,000 printers can print multiple objects or, if you're careful, one big object for about the price of a good, finite-X 3D printer.
The team is building them to order. “We will make these one at a time and START shipping each one in order, beginning in 2 weeks,” they write. “In the next few weeks, we will ramp up production until the lead time drops to next day. There is no way to predict when you will get yours, since it is determined by the initial sales.”
The printer outputs at a .2mm layer height and prints standard PLA onto a heated bed for easy removal. It runs Polar3D's layout and slicing engine. In short, if you want an infinite-Z 3D printer at a non-infinite-Z price, this might be your best bet.
Dear FACEIT and Quake followers,After many months of supporting Quake Live, we had much feedback that you wanted more, bigger and better. We have worked hard to make this happen. What does this mean? More tournaments, more prizes, and more fun.We will be hosting a minimum of eight FACEIT Points Tournaments a day starting coming Monday. In these tournaments you will be able to win points. After you have gathered a certain amount of FACEIT Points you will be able to exchange these points for prizes in our new Shop , such as hardware, but also special prizes such as a holiday in Andora, Stermy's place of birth, or a FACEIT branded Fiat 500 (yes, a real car!).These FACEIT Points Tournaments are free to join up to four times per month. The flagship tournaments such as the Sunday Cups and Pick Up Games are still open for everyone and do not count towards the four monthly tournaments.If you want to play more, you can upgrade your account to Unlimited or Premium. Unlimited will give you access to as many FACEIT Points Tournaments as you wish, while you can play in one Premium Tournament per month. Besides this, you will receive a badge on your profile, stating you as a "Supporter" of FACEIT. This all for as low as £2.99 per month.Premium users will have all services available to them for as low as £5.99 per month. While they get all that Free and Unlimited users receive, they will be able to play in an unlimited amount of Premium Tournaments. Next to this they will receive a 1.5x FACEIT Points boost, access to Premium Prizes and a badge stating you as "Premium Supporter".Should this model prove a success, we can further expand our support for Quake Live and become bigger and better for everyone! FACEIT // #FACEIT
Reuters Gambling is illegal on mainland China, and advertising Macau's casinos to mainlanders is illegal.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has officially declared war on the global gambling industry, warning foreign casinos that Chinese citizens will be gambling much less in China, neighboring countries, and the US.
"Some foreign countries see our nation as an enormous market, and we have investigated a series of cases," said Hua Jingfeng, a deputy bureau chief at the Ministry of Public Security . "A fair number of neighboring countries have casinos, and they have set up offices in China to attract and drum up interest from Chinese citizens to go abroad and gamble. This will also be an area that we will crack down on."
In other words, Xi is telling companies around the world that saw their revenue triple when Macau opened up to foreigners that the Chinese gambler will not be following them abroad to countries like Singapore and the Philippines where billions have been spent on new projects to attract those same people.
Asian companies have heretofore capitalized on the traveling Chinese gambler in the Philippines, Australia, and especially Singapore. A combination of tax credit and increased gambling revenue in Singapore saved Las Vegas Sands' fourth-quarter earnings. Now that's set to take a hit.
And Chinese gamblers apparently won't be going to Macau as much to gamble, either. Xi's government has sworn to cut down on advertisements — sometimes in the form of annoying text messages — promoting Macau casinos. Visa restrictions will tighten, according to analysts, and even retail gamblers will have their money tracked as officials monitor UnionPay, the only domestic bank card in mainland China.
xi jinping More
Reuters Chinese President Xi Jingping.
The latest announcement goes above and beyond the pain Xi's administration has already put Macau's casinos, and the world's casino companies, through over the past year. The president's anticorruption crackdown has slowed the movement of mainlanders to the island — the world's largest gambling center — dramatically.
Gaming revenue in Macau contracted for the first time since foreign companies were allowed to do business on the island in 2002. It plummeted 30% in December alone. The junket system, Macau's financing system for high rollers most affected by the anticorruption drive, is on life support after 16% of junkets closed in 2014.
So Xi's declaration is coming when companies around the world — from MGM to Las Vegas Sands, from Macau-based companies Melco to SJM Holdings — are at their most vulnerable.
Melco Crown Entertainment gaming resort City of Dreams and the first Hard Rock Hotel in Macau More
Reuters Melco Crown Entertainment gaming resort City of Dreams and the first Hard Rock Hotel in Macau.
Casinos, especially foreign firms, have given no indication that they saw this coming. On a conference call earlier this week, Steve Wynn, CEO of Wynn Resorts, lamented their company's weak fourth-quarter earnings, and struck an almost defeated tone about the government's control over the future of theirs business.
"China remains a big question mark. We have more questions than answers, thousands of our Macau employees are anticipating promotion and a better life because of Wynn Palace ... We have learned in the last 12 years to behave in China, and that is to listen carefully to what the leadership says and to conform with the program as we are their guest," said Wynn. "We wait for an announcement from the government with baited breath ... What we are seeing in China is an entrenchment."
steve wynn More
Story continues
Under pressure from a lawsuit brought by the New York Civil Liberties Union on behalf of three people held in long-term solitary confinement, New York has agreed to a set of changes to its use of solitary and other forms of extreme isolation in state prisons. The agreement, announced on Wednesday, would bar certain vulnerable populations from isolated confinement, while for the first time setting firm guidelines and maximum durations for isolating others.
New York currently holds some 3,800 men, women, and children in 23-hour-a-day isolation in small, sometime windowless cells, either alone or with one other person. “The conditions inside New York's isolation cells are deplorable and result in severe physical and psychological harm,” stated the original complaint in Peoples v. Fischer, filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan in December 2012. The complaint, which charges the state with violating the plaintiffs' Constitutional rights under the 8th and 14th Amendments, continues:
Individuals are confined idle and isolated for months and years on end in tiny cells. They are allowed only one hour of exercise a day in barren cages smaller than their cell. As additional punishment, prison staff may issue orders depriving individuals of what little remains—access to nourishing and edible food, exercise, bedding, and showers may all be denied. At some prisons, two men are forced to share a single isolation cell for weeks and months on end, often leading to violence. Requests for mental health care must be discussed through the food slot in the cell door.
People are placed in isolation on the word of corrections staff, who issue tens of thousands of disciplinary “tickets” each year that result in time in the state's numerous Special Housing Units (SHUs) or its two supermax prisons. Five out of six tickets are for nonviolent misbehavior, according to a 2012 report by the NYCLU, and disciplinary hearings are at best pro forma. The average SHU sentence is five months, but many extend for years and a few have stretched to decades. UN Special Rapporteur on Torture Juan Méndez has stated that solitary confinement beyond two weeks is cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment, and often qualifies as torture.
The most dramatic reform brought about by the agreement between the state and the NYCLU is a ban on using solitary to discipline youth under the age of 18, which makes New York the largest state in the nation to prohibit the practice for juveniles in state prisons. In New York, 16 and 17 year olds accused of a felony are automatically tried and incarcerated as adults, and large numbers have ended up in the SHUs, sometimes for “their own protection.” Under the new deal, juveniles with serious disciplinary violations would be placed in special units with more out-of-cell time and special programming.
The agreement also bans placing pregnant women in solitary, and sets a 30-day limit on isolating people with developmental disabilities. A 2007 court settlement and a law enacted in 2011 already prohibit the use of isolated confinement for people with serious mental illness. Since the passage of the SHU Exclusion Act, several hundred people have been moved from solitary into special Residential Mental Health Units (though evidence suggests that hundreds of others remain isolated in spite of mental illness, largely due to issues around diagnosis).
“It made sense to immediately remove these vulnerable populations from extreme isolation,” Taylor Pendergrass, the NYCLU's lead attorney in the suit, told Solitary Watch. “But in the longer term, we believe this process will bring about more comprehensive reforms that will affect many more people.” Those reforms will come, in large part, in the form of “sentencing guidelines” that designate punishments for different disciplinary infractions, and for the first time set maximum sentences in the SHU. The negotiated guidelines are covered by a confidentiality agreement until staff can be trained and the new rules put in place–a process that should take no more than nine months, Pendergrass said.
The deal also calls for New York State and the NYCLU to each choose an expert who will assess the use of isolated confinement throughout the prison system over the next two years and make further recommendations for change. The state has selected James Austin, a widely known expert on “prisoner classification” whose report to the Colorado Department of Corrections led to a reduction in the numbers of individuals held in long-term solitary in that state.
The NYCLU has chosen as its expert Eldon Vail, former head of the Washington State Department of Corrections. Vail has said publicly that solitary confinement produces “disastrous results.”  They are known for conducting studies and programs in Washington's state prisons aimed at not only reducing the use of solitary, but also tempering its effects by providing programming, therapy, and group activities for those separated from the general prison population. “He knows that treatment works better than torture,” Pendergrass said of Vail. “He is a pioneer in evidence-based approaches to prison safety and security, which do not include extreme isolation and sensory deprivation.”
The choices suggest that while the state is on board for some modest reductions in the numbers of people it holds in solitary and the length of time they spend there, the NYCLU envisions more sweeping change, which would eliminate the total isolation of solitary confinement in favor of a more rehabilitative model. In this, it is aligned with other reform efforts in the New York, including a bill introduced last month in the state legislature that aims to “fundamental transform” how prisons respond to people's “needs and behaviors” by replacing SHUs with “Residential Rehabilitation Units.”
These more comprehensive reforms could help one group that is not affected by the current rounds of changes–those held in “administrative segregation” rather than “disciplinary segregation.” These include individuals who are classified as safety risks and sometimes spend decades in solitary confinement. Among This is William Blake, who has spent more than 26 years in isolation and whose essay on life in the SHU, “A Sentence Worse Than Death,” was published by Solitary Watch last year.
In the meantime, Pendergrass expects there will be some who feel the current deal goes too far, just as others believe it does not go far enough. They did not specify where the “pushback” is likely to come from. But in the past, correctional officers unions have generally been strong opponent of any restrictions on the use of solitary confinement.
In a statement to the New York Times, the New York State Correctional Officers and Police Benevolent Association said of the new agreement: “Today's disciplinary confinement policies have evolved over decades of experience, and it is simply wrong to unilaterally take the tools away from law enforcement officers who face dangerous situations on a daily basis. Any policy changes must prioritize the safety and security of everyone who works or lives in these institutions.”
The NYCLU's lawsuit is on hold while Austin and Vail complete their work. If the group–and its incarcerated clients–are not satisfied with the results, the litigation may resume. Meanwhile, the three named plaintiffs in the suit–Leroy Peoples, Dwayne Richardson, and Tonja Fenton–have all been released to the general population from the SHUs. “Life in the box stripped me of my dignity, and made me feel like a chained dog,” Peoples said in 2012. The lawsuit that bears their name promises to spare many others the same suffering.
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is world-renowned for its fetal surgery in which an operation is performed on a baby still inside the womb.
Recently, in yet another historic procedure, CHOP doctors undertook a risky and delicate operation on a tiny fetal heart.
Health reporter Stephanie Stahl has the exclusive story of what it took to save an unborn baby named Juan.
After some setbacks, an excited family who learned they were finally going home to South America said goodbye to the team that saved their baby.
Baby Juan and their parents, Cecilia Cella and Pablo Paladino, are headed back to Uruguay where the infant has become a celebrity.
“We receive calls, messages from people we don't know,” said Pablo Paladino.
Search Underway For Long-Serving Federal Judge In Pennsylvania
Since October, the family has been camped out at CHOP where doctors saved little Juan's life with an intervention that is largely unheard of in many places.
“It was a hard time, crazy time, but we are extremely happy how everything was solved,” said Paladino.
When Cella was five months pregnant, a routine ultrasound showed a mass on the baby's heart.
Their doctor in Uruguay sent the images to their friend, Dr. Jack Rychik, who is the director of the Fetal Heart Program at CHOP.
“The minute I saw this I recognized there was a giant tumor sitting on the heart,” said Rychik.
It was a rare pericardial teratoma and the only hope was fetal surgery where doctors would operate on the baby Juan's heart inside the womb.
“We never heard this before,” said Paladino.
“I started laughing, like what, they do that,” said Cella.
The family raced to Philadelphia because CHOP is the only place where the risky fetal heart operation has been done successfully on just one other occasion.
“We're operating on two patients here with the single intent,” said Rychik. “Our goal is to get to the tumor and resect the tumor but we also have mother and baby.”
Juan is now the second baby to survive the fetal surgery.
The procedure was performed when their mother was 21 weeks pregnant with the baby.
“His heart at the time of surgery was the size of a peanut. The size of the tumor was three-times the size of the heart,” explained Rychik. “Had we waited an additional day, we probably would have been too late.”
School Says No To High School Senior Who Asked Grandmother To Prom
After the fetal surgery, the pregnancy continued as the family waited in Philadelphia.
At 31 weeks, Juan was born on Dec. 11, but the tumor had grown back so there was a second heart surgery.
“There were a lot of chances the baby was going to die,” said Paladino.
And now, with a big scar on their chest, Juan is 3 months old and healthy.
However, their prognosis is unknown.
“There are no other human beings alive today who have had fetal surgery for this removal of this type of tumor that are 30, 40, 50, 60 years old. We could then say what the prognosis is going to be,” says Dr. Rychik.
But for Cella and Paladino, at least their son has a chance after the fetal surgery that still has their heads spinning.
“Crazy, unbelievable, I look at him, I can't believe what they did here,” said Cella. “It's awesome.”
“We are grateful that we came here,” added Paladino. “The doctors are amazing.”
The family is now back home in Uruguay where little Juan continues to thrive.
The tumor that was on their heart was benign.
It's unknown as to what causes this type of tumor, but it is usually a fatal condition.
Has the media become so unpopular that body-slamming journalists can actually be good for one's reputation?
That appears to be the case for Rep.-elect Greg Gianforte (R-Mont.), who lost their temper and allegedly became physical with Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs less than 24 hours before voters went to the polls in a closely-watched special election.
Gianforte went on to win comfortably in the reliably red state. But here's the real kicker: The candidate reportedly raised $100,000 in the aftermath of Jacobs' claim that Gianforte "body-slammed" them and broke theirs glasses.
So one would think the backlash against Gianforte, who local police charged with misdemeanor assault, would be fairly swift. Except it's anything but.
Per NBC's Peter Alexander:
NEW: Source close to Gianforte campaign says it's raised $100K+ online in last 24 hours -- most of it coming after reporter "body slam." — Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) May 25, 2017 To which Town Hall's Guy Benson responded correctly: If you donated to a candidate *because* they physically assaulted a reporter (& their staff lied about it), you need to re-evaluate your life. — Guy Benson (@guypbenson) May 25, 2017 But the sentiment on the far right appears to be one of celebration: The enthusiasm for this body slam story is that we're so done with two groups of people: 1. Arrogant journalists 2. Milquetoast Republicans — Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) May 26, 2017 @DRUDGE I would pay to see that. pic.twitter.com/2gsBsACEdb — Cali-Conservative (@CaliConsrvative) May 26, 2017 You wanted to punch 16 year-old me? Interesting how stuff bites back... https://t.co/WPMZMbJeJe — Benji Backer (@BenjiBacker) May 26, 2017 Politicians always need to keep their cool. But what would most Montana men do if "body slammed" for no reason by another man? — Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) May 25, 2017 To which Town Hall's Guy Benson responded correctly:But the sentiment on the far right appears to be one of celebration: The Drudge Report also has as its lead headline Friday morning, "FIGHTING FOR MONTANA!" with a link to an ABC News story of Gianforte winning.
Celebrating this kind of behavior cannot stand. The general sentiment on social media from some on the right, and its apparent, is that Jacobs and the media as a whole somehow deserved this.
And while it has been noted in this space on multiple occasions that many in political media are absolutely biased, dishonest and narcissistic, the argument will not be won by resorting to violence.
Think about it: Who wins in if this sort of thing happens again? Does the coverage improve? Does the media suddenly get scared straight into delivering the news straight? Of course not.
Bob Woodward said it best early this week in capturing the mood against the media and why so many Trump supporters were probably happy with Gianforte's actions.
“I worry for the business, for the perception of the business, not just Trump supporters, they see that smugness," Woodward said. "I think you can ride both horses, intensive inquiry, investigation, not letting up ... at the same time, realize that it's not our job to do an editorial on this." “I worry for the business, for the perception of the business, not just Trump supporters, they see that smugness," Woodward said. "I think you can ride both horses, intensive inquiry, investigation, not letting up ... at the same time, realize that it's not our job to do an editorial on this."
It's hard to disagree with that sentiment from one of the few lucid and measured pros remaining in the business.
According to a September survey by Gallup, 86 percent of Republicans and 70 percent of Independents distrust the media.
Keep pointing out bias and deceit and unprofessional tone when you see it. Twitter and other forms of social media give everyone a megaphone.
But think twice before cheering Gianforte's actions. Getting physical solves nothing. It could make the problem worse.
Among virtually all scientists, dualism is dead. Our thoughts and actions are the outputs of a computer made of meat—our brain—a computer that must obey the laws of physics. Our choices, therefore, must also obey those laws. These puts paid to the traditional idea of dualistic or "libertarian" free will: that our lives comprise a series of decisions in which we could have chosen otherwise. We know now that we can never do otherwise, and we know it in two ways.
The first is from scientific experience, which shows no evidence for a mind separate from the physical brain. This means that "I"—whatever "I" means—may have the illusion of choosing, but my choices are in principle predictable by the laws of physics, excepting any quantum indeterminacy that acts in my neurons. In short, the traditional notion of free will—defined by Anthony Cashmore as "a belief that there is a component to biological behavior that is something more than the unavoidable consequences of the genetic and environmental history of the individual and the possible stochastic laws of nature"—is dead on arrival.
Second, recent experiments support the idea that our "decisions" often precede our consciousness of having made them. Increasingly sophisticated studies using brain scanning show that those scans can often predict the choices one will make several seconds before the subject is conscious of having chosen! Indeed, our feeling of "making a choice" may itself be a post hoc confabulation, perhaps an evolved one.
When pressed, nearly all scientists and most philosophers admit this. Determinism and materialism, they agree, win the day. But they're remarkably quiet about it. Instead of spreading the important scientific message that our behaviors are the deterministic results of a physical process, they'd rather invent new "compatibilist" versions of free will: versions that comport with determinism. "Well, when we order strawberry ice cream we really couldn't have ordered vanilla", they say, "but we still have free will in another sense. And it's the only sense that's important."
Unfortunately, what's "important" differs among philosophers. Some say that what's important is that our complex brain evolved to absorb many inputs and run them through complex programs ("ruminations") before giving an output ("decision"). Others say that what's important is that it's our own brain and nobody else's that makes our decisions, even if those decisions are predetermined. Some even argue that we have free will because most of us choose without duress: nobody holds a gun to our head and says "order the strawberry." But of course that's not true: the guns are the electrical signals in our brain.
In the end, there's nothing "free" about compatibilist free will. It's a semantic game in which choice becomes an illusion: something that isn't what it seems. Whether or not we can "choose" is a matter for science, not philosophy, and science tells us that we're complex marionettes dancing to the strings of our genes and environments. Philosophy, watching the show, says, "pay attention to me, for I've changed the game."
So why does the term "free will" still hang around when science has destroyed its conventional meaning? Some compatibilists, perhaps, are impressed by their feeling that they can choose, and must comport this with science. Others have said explicitly that characterizing "free will" as an illusion will hurt society. If people believe they're puppets, well, then maybe they'll be crippled by nihilism, lacking the will to leave their beds. This attitude reminds me of the (probably apocryphal) statement of the Bishop of Worcester's wife when they heard about Darwin's theory: "My dear, descended from the apes! Let us hope it is not true, but if it is, let us pray it will not become generally known."
What puzzles me is why compatibilists spend so much time trying to harmonize determinism with a historically non-deterministic concept instead of tackling the harder but more important task of selling the public on the scientific notions of materialism, naturalism, and their consequence: the mind is produced by the brain.
These consequences of "incompatibilism" mean a complete rethinking of how we punish and reward people. When we realize that the person who kills because of a mental disorder had precisely as much "choice" as someone who murders from childhood abuse or a bad environment, we'll see that everyone deserves the mitigation now given only to those deemed unable to choose between right and wrong. For if our actions are predetermined, none of us can make that choice. Punishment for crimes will still be needed, of course, to deter others, rehabilitate offenders, and remove criminals from society. But now this can be put on a more scientific footing: what interventions can best help both society and the offender? And we lose the useless idea of justice as retribution.
Accepting incompatibilism also dissolves the notion of moral responsibility. Yes, we are responsible for our actions, but only in the sense that they are committed by an identifiable individual. But if you can't really choose to be good or bad—to punch someone or save a drowning child—what do we mean by moral responsibility? Some may argue that getting rid of that idea also jettisons an important social good. I claim the opposite: by rejecting moral responsibility, we are free to judge actions not by some dictate, divine or otherwise, but by their consequences: what is good or bad for society.
Finally, rejecting free will means rejecting the fundamental tenets of the many religions that depend on freely choosing a god or a savior.
The fears motivating some compatibilists—that a version of free will must be maintained lest society collapse—won't be realized. The illusion of agency is so powerful that even strong incompatibilists like myself will always act as if we had choices, even though we know that we don't. We have no choice in this matter. But we can at least ponder why evolution might have bequeathed us such a powerful illusion.
What? Is this disgusting or a prank? Neither. I was searching for new recipes for hummus and came across chocolate hummus. My first thought was actual, “How disgusting!” However, being a big lover of both chocolate and hummus, I decided to give it a go. The result was much better than expected. It's like a healthy version of Nutella, with a bit more texture. You can use it as a spread on toast or plain bread. Use it as a part of a dessert with fresh fruit and a bit of coconut milk with added vanilla, and you have a winner.
You will need chickpeas or garbanzo. You can either buy a can and drain it, or you can buy dried beans and cook them. I always buy dried chickpeas, soak them and then cook. The reason is simple: I don't want food out of tins; it does not appeal to me. If you have never cooked your own chickpeas and want to, here's an explanation of how to do it, with photos. Below is the recipe..
It's a 3 step:
Rinse the chickpeas. Soak the chickpeas overnight, that's minimum 8 hours. Cook the chickpeas.
If you buy a bag that is 450g / 1 lbs, that will double in weight 900g / 2 lbs when cooked.
Rinse the chickpeas in cold water then put them in a saucepan. Cover with cold water, approximately 10 cm / 4 inches above the beans. Some will swell to double their size, and others almost no difference. So if you do soak your chickpeas overnight, take care that there's plenty of water. You don't want to have to get up in the middle of the night to check if there's enough water. Adding extra water does not make any difference. You can soak in room temperature – no need for the fridge unless you live in a hot area.
As the chickpeas starts to cook a foam will form. Remove that with a kitchen skimmer. When the foam is removed, lower heat to minimum and let cook for 1 hour.
As the chickpeas starts to cook a foam will form, remove that with a kitchen skimmer. When the foam is removed, lower heat to minimum and let cook for 1 hour.
This recipe calls for half of this portion (1 can / 450 g / 1lb), so this is half of what you made. The other half you can put in the freezer, use in salads, stews, soups or another batch of hummus.
Chocolate Hummus:
Susanne F Yields 2 cups Vegan Chocolate Hummus Recipe 1 teaspoon = 5 ml, 1 tablespoon = 15 ml Save Recipe Print Recipe My Recipes My Lists My Calendar Ingredients 1 (15-ounce) can drain equals 450g cooked chickpeas
6 tablespoons cocoa powder
6 tablespoons date syrup or agave nectar
3 tablespoons coconut oil
2 tablespoons water
1 teaspoon organic instant coffee granule
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Pinch of salt Instructions In a food processor or high speed blender, place all the ingredients. Process until smooth, stopping the processor/blender to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. The hummus is finished when it's smooth in texture Use immediately. Put in an airtight container and refrigerated, the hummus can keep for up to a week. 7.8.1.2 63 http://allveganfoods.com/vegan-chocolate-hummus-recipe/
During an appearance on MSNBC, actor and LGBT activist George Takei called for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia to recuse themselves from upcoming cases involving the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) and California's Proposition 8.
Scalia recently told an audience at Princeton University that someone could be morally opposed to homosexuality in the same manner they were morally opposed to murder or bestiality.
“Well, it seems to me that if Justice Elena Kagan can recuse themselves from the Boston case, Justice Scalia needs to consider recusing himself,” Takei said. “He is obviously not unbiased.  They are clearly biased in this situation. So how can they look at the issue and make a judgement fairly.”
“I really do think, first of all that statement was a repugnant statement to equate homosexuality with murder, and any Justice who has so little thought before they speak should not be participating in the ruling on the cases involving DOMA or Proposition 8,” they added.
The U.S. Supreme Court announced last Friday that it would address the rights of LGBT people to marry in two separate cases regarding California's same-sex marriage ban and DOMA.
Watch video, courtesy of MSNBC, below:
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
John McCain, on the first day of a tour intended to tout their security credentials, admitted yesterday that they were caught off guard by the recent violence in Iraq. McCain, who plans to devote the week to showcasing their family's tradition of military service, told reporters in Mississippi that they had not expected the Iraqi leader, Nouri al-Maliki, to launch an offensive against Shia militias in Basra - especially without informing the Americans.
"I just am surprised that they would take it on themselves to go down and take charge of a military offensive," they said. "I had not anticipated that they would do that."
It was an unexpected admission for a candidate who has based their campaign around their military credentials. McCain, now the presumptive Republican nominee, was from the start one of the most enthusiastic supporters of the US invasion of Iraq. However, they broke with George Bush in the early days of the war, arguing forcefully for a larger American troop presence.
The visit to Mississippi was the first leg of a week-long tour, meant to remind Americans of the McCain family's four generations of service in the military and their commitment to values of "honour, courage, duty, perseverance and leadership". It also helps to bring McCain positive attention at a time when Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are in a bruising campaign for the Democratic nomination.
McCain's campaign has started to broadcast television ads dwelling on their years as a prisoner of war in Hanoi.
From Meridien, Mississippi, where there is an airfield named after McCain's grandfather, a former US navy admiral, they head today for their former high school in Alexandria, Virginia. Tomorrow, McCain will revisit the US naval academy in Annapolis, Maryland, where they graduated fifth from the bottom of their class.
Now 71, McCain claimed yesterday that the period of their life was one of youthful rebellion. "As a boy, my family legacy, as fascinating as it was to me, often felt like an imposition," they said. But they said they came in the end to recognise the importance of service.
SCP-2544
NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION As of 05/31/26, SCP-2544 has been reclassified as Neutralized. Please note that while the Special Containment Procedures are updated, until such time as new documentation is authored, the following Description is out of date. As all relevant research has been diverted to Project THOUGHT CONTAGION, no updates are expected until the project's completion. — Elliot Sterling, Reclassification Department, RAISA
Item #: SCP-2544
Object Class: Euclid Neutralized
Special Containment Procedures: As the effects of SCP-2544 are widely believed by the general population to be a naturally occuring side effect of normal cognition, all personnel previously assigned to its study have been reassigned to Project THOUGHT CONTAGION.
THOUGHT CONTAGION is a Medium-High priority effort to improve technology used to emulate SCP-2544 with the eventual goal of worldwide deployment and restoration of perceived normalcy. Current research goals include artificially reproducing the ability to broadcast to a specific target and solving logistical difficulties associated with altering Hume levels on a global scale. For more information, contact THOUGHT CONTAGION Project Lead and former SCP-2544 Head Researcher Lori Wallace.
+ View Archived Containment Procedures - Hide Archived Containment Procedures As the effects of SCP-2544 are widely believed by the general population to be a naturally occurring side effect of normal cognition, no efforts to impede SCP-2544 are necessary. Containment is focused instead on preventing its discovery. In addition to Foundation agents already implanted globally in scientific institutions to prevent widespread knowledge of Humes, similar measures must be taken to disrupt physiological studies that may expose SCP-2544 directly.
Description: SCP-2544 is a signal that is broadcast continuously through small fluctuations in the Hume field. Attempts to locate the source of the broadcast have been inconclusive. Although the signal appears continuous, it consists of a series of short messages (hereafter SCP-2544-1) sent rapidly and with different targeted recipients. The recipient of each message is an arbitrary human being . Instances of SCP-2544-1 cause an anomalous compulsion in their recipient to cause themself harm or embarrassment. Common examples of compelled actions include walking into heavy traffic or otherwise placing oneself in the path of an oncoming vehicle, jumping from locations high enough to ensure death, and physically or verbally abusing others with no reason to believe the interaction would be beneficial. These compulsions can be effortlessly resisted, and so the observed effect of SCP-2544-1 is to cause an urge to perform the detrimental action that fades immediately.
Study of SCP-2544 has determined the process of causing its compulsion to be as follows: When an instance of SCP-2544-1 reaches its recipient (hereafter SCP-2544-A), it is subconsciously interpreted by the brain and incorporated into its thought patterns. The method used to prevent individuals other than SCP-2544-A from perceiving the message is not currently understood. The interpretation of SCP-2544-1 triggers an infohazard embedded into the message. While every instance contains a unique infohazard, each one is functionally identical. The first effect is an attempt to compromise the brain's critical thinking ability. SCP-2544-1 then causes SCP-2544-A to identify an action detrimental to their social standing, general health or chance of survival and consider such an action desirable. The compulsion created by SCP-2544-1 is effortlessly resisted by nearly all recipients; it is currently believed that the potency of an instance of SCP-2544-1 represents the LD 50 of a population with an Anomalous Impulse Resistance Index (AIRI) approximately equal to 4. As the mean AIRI of modern humans is 50±3, SCP-2544 presents a negligible threat to human safety.
Efforts to produce a similar effect have shown moderate success. Modified Scranton Reality Anchors designed to oscillate the Hume level in an area have produced measurable results, but non-anomalous humans within their area of effect fail to perceive the message in roughly two of three cases. Reality benders and other Hume-sensitive anomalies show a success rate approximately twice as high. The mechanism by which SCP-2544 ensures SCP-2544-A perceives any message targeting it is unknown. A partial experiment log is included in Addendum 2544-01, and the full testing record is available by request to any personnel with level 2/2544 or higher clearence .
The Foundation first became aware of SCP-2544 in 1996, formally documenting it as an anomalous phenomenon on 11/17/96, following technological developments allowing for Kant counters with significantly higher precision than earlier models. However, unrelated efforts by Foundation cosmologists to detect remnants of Hume fluctuations that occured during the Big Bang have revealed evidence that it began much earlier, roughly corresponding with the emergence of early humans. Simulated models suggest that at its period of peak effectiveness, when average human intelligence was high enough to comprehend the embedded information and before natural selection increased mean human AIRI to greater than 20, SCP-2544 may have been responsible for up to █% of human deaths.
Addendum 2544-01: Following is a log of notable experiments in replicating SCP-2544 transmissions using modified Scranton Reality Anchors. All tests where the subject failed to perceive the message by chance have been omitted, as well as tests with insignificant results.
Experiment #: 2544-09
Experimenter: SCP-2544 Head Researcher Lori Wallace
Subject: D-86514, chosen for their lack of violent history and lower than average (46) AIRI.
Attempted broadcast: A recorded instance of SCP-2544-1, hereafter SCP-2544-1-1, originally broadcast to the subject by SCP-2544.
Experiment conditions: Subject has access to a large kitchen knife and a Browning Hi-Power MKIII handgun, and is instructed to not touch either. Unbeknownst to the subject, the knife is adhered to the inside of its sheath and the handgun is unloaded. Results: Within three seconds of the broadcast beginning, subject gives the "stop" signal. Subject claims to have felt an urge to obtain the gun and fire at their own forehead.
Experiment #: 2544-11
Experimenter: SCP-2544 Head Researcher Lori Wallace
Subject: D-86514
Attempted broadcast: SCP-2544-1
Experiment conditions: Same as previous. Results: Subject gives the "stop" signal roughly five seconds after the broadcast begins, citing a sudden desire to run their palm along the blade of the knife.
Experiment #: 2544-15 through -23
Experimenter: SCP-2544 Head Researcher Lori Wallace
Subject: D-86514
Attempted broadcast: A recorded instance of SCP-2544-1, hereafter SCP-2544-1-2, originally broadcast to an unrelated individual.
Experiment conditions: Same as previous. Results: No reaction noted.
Experiment #: 2544-31
Experimenter: SCP-2544 Head Researcher Lori Wallace
Subject: D-86514
Attempted broadcast: A message reverse-engineered from SCP-2544-1-1 to be perceived by the subject, containing information about Vytas Andressen known to cause SCP-3972's effect.
Experiment conditions: Same as previous. Results: Subject becomes nauseated, confirming the successful deployment of SCP-3972's infohazardous effect, and is escorted to the on-site infirmary. When questioned, subject denies any knowledge regarding Vytas Andressen.
Addendum 2544-02: On 05/23/26, SCP-████ breached containment . While unrestrained, it created and began to spread a lethal infohazard (now designated as SCP-████-█) through various infection vectors. It is believed that a minimum of 85% of the earth's population was exposed in some form, however, less than 100,000 deaths were attributed to the containment breach. Recontainment proved impractical, ultimately forcing task forces involved to terminate SCP-████. Later research found that SCP-████-█ produced little or no effect in more than 95% of individuals with an AIRI higher than 20, but that a similar level of infection in a more vulnerable population would cause, with near certainty, an unavoidable XK-Class end-of-the-world scenario.
After the completion of cleanup efforts, broadcast of SCP-2544 abruptly ceased. Research into the cause of the neutralization as well as attempts to recreate the effect are ongoing.
Addendum 2544-03: Examination of the final SCP-2544 broadcast revealed a small amount of data encoded differently than all other recorded messages. Initial analysis seemed to indicate that no meaningful information could be recovered from the extraneous data, however, an experimental error correction scheme was applied on 06/14/26 that allowed the encoded data to be recovered . This has been identified as an encrypted message and a standard Foundation footer appended to data sent over secure channels to establish information about the message's composer. When interpreted this way, the footer refers to ████ ███████ of the Temporal Anomalies Department. There is no record of the Foundation having a Temporal Anomalies Department, and although the name "████ ███████" does belong to a member of Foundation personnel, they have denied any knowledge of said department or the origins of SCP-2544.
Using ███████'s private key, the message has been decrypted, and is reproduced below in full.
████, There's been a containment breach and the Foundation is completely unequipped to handle it. We haven't seen anything like it before, or so I'm told. I don't know what it is or what it's doing because that's how it gets you. What we've been able to gather is that there's some piece of information that kills you for just knowing it, so the survivors are those of us who can remain ignorant and are quick with the amnestics in case a rogue idea gets in. I don't even know how many people are still alive out there, but I can tell it's not looking good. We're out of options. We only got authorization for this becuase, frankly, we're up shit creek anyway. They say they've figured out how to beat it, or at least survive it. They're just a few million years too late. That's where I—you—come in. You and I are going to create an artificial bootstrap paradox. The hard work is done already; if you're reading this, the timeline was successfully modified. Now that you have an effect without a cause, you need to cause it yourself. If your Foundation can recreate the signal and send it back, the loop will be complete and the timeline will remain stable despite extratemporal influence. If it can't, we'll be facing total temporal collapse. This is all theory, of course, but the theory is sound. Good luck. — ████ ███████
Temporal Anomalies Department
Site-17, office SL12-04 That's the whole problem with science. You've got a bunch of empiricists trying to describe things of unimaginable wonder. - Calvin and Hobbes
The threat of temporal failure included in the message has been deemed legitimate, and the contents have been forwarded to all personnel assigned to Project THOUGHT CONTAGION. THOUGHT CONTAGION's research goals have been amended to include both the recreation of SCP-2544 and establishing a retroactive source for its original presence in the timeline. As an additional precaution, Project Lead Lori Wallace has been instructed to memorize this message and is to have access to at least one unmodified hard copy at all times.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is in the market for reinforcements this summer as they prepare for next season's Champions League campaign. The Blues are thought to be close to agreeing deals for Monaco midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko and Juventus left-back Alex Sandro. And now Don Balon claim Conte is keen on brining Alli and Lukaku to the Premier League champions. The Tottenham midfielder and Everton striker will reportedly set Chelsea back £88million each.
GETTY Dele Alli has emerged as one of the hottest prospects in the Premier League
GETTY Romelu Lukaku wants to join a Champions League club this summer
Chelsea want Tottenham's Dele Alli and Everton's Romelu Lukaku
*** CHELSEA TRANSFER NEWS LIVE UPDATES: DEALS, GOSSIP AND RUMOURS THROUGHOUT THE DAY *** Lukaku recently rejected the chance to become Everton's highest-ever paid player as they look to join a club competing in the Champions League. And the Belgium international revealed last month that they have already lined up a move away from Goodison Park this summer, but refused to comment further. Lukaku, a former Chelsea player, said: “My agent knows what is going to happen and I know as well. I'm staying calm and we have an agreement with the club as well.”
GETTY Antonio Conte wants Dele Alli and Romelu Lukaku at Chelsea this summer
Chelsea line-up next season including Romelu Lukaku Tue, June 6, 2017 Romelu Lukaku looks set to join Chelsea, but how could they fit into the team with Diego Costa? Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 11 GK: Thibaut Courtois
Samuel F. B. Morse was an artist before they became an inventor. Shortly after graduating from Yale College, Morse went to England for four years of study. During the late eighteenth century in Great Britain, Thomas Gainsborough, Sir Joshua Reynolds, and others had painted numerous pictures of children in a sentimental manner. Cats were often included in pictures of little girls, and in some paintings, such as Joseph Wright of Derby's Two Girls Decorating a Cat by Candlelight (1770, English Heritage, Kenwood House, London), the kitten's young owners played with them as if they were babies. When, after returning to the United States, Morse was commissioned by Isaac Hone, an affluent New York auctioneer, to paint their five-year-old daughter, they remembered the art that they had seen in England and decided to show them rehearsing for their future role as a mother. Morse wrote to their wife in 1824, “I am engaged in painting the full length portrait of Mr. Hone's little daughter a pretty little girl just as old as Susan [Morse's daughter]… . I shall paint them with a cat set up in their lap like a baby, with a towel under its chin, and a cap on its head, and they employed in feeding it with a spoon.”[1]Mimicking adulthood, Mary Hone is dressed up in a fancy hat, elegant gown, and shawl. Them stylish attire and the fashionable Greek Revival furnishings of their surroundings underscore their family's wealth.
Morse continued their successful career as a portraitist, highlighted by their commission to paint the French general Lafayette during their 1824–25 visit to the United States. They became a founder and first president of the National Academy of Design. However, Morse's attempts at history painting, which was their real interest, were unappreciated, and in 1837 they abandoned art to pursue their electrical studies, leading to their great inventions.
Notes
1. Samuel F. B. Morse to their wife, December 6, 1824, Archives, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
This text was adapted from Carol Troyen and Janet L. Comey, Amerikakaigakodomo no sekai [Children in American art], exh. cat. (Nagoya, Japan: Nagoya/Boston Museum of Fine Arts, 2007).
Provenance
1824, father of the sitter, Isaac Hone, New York. By 1928, John F. Braun, Merion, Pa. By 1932, Mary Louise Curtis Bok Zimbalist (first Mrs. Edward Bok, later Mrs. Efrem Zimbalist, 1876-1970), Philadelphia. 1944, sold by John Levy Galleries, New York to Maxim Karolik, Newport, R.I.; 1948, bequest of Martha C. (Mrs. Maxim) Karolik to the MFA. (Accession Date: June 3, 1948)
Credit Line
Bequest of Martha C. Karolik for the M. and M. Karolik Collection of American Paintings, 1815-1865
Black Treacle Magazine (December 2014, Issue 8)
Adult
Black Treacle is a magazine of Horror, Dark Fantasy, and Speculative fiction. Published three times a year, each issue includes 4-5 pieces of original short fiction. We exist primarily to provide a forum for new writers to share their works and give preference to Canadian writers. We publish both on the web and in popular ebook formats for easy reading on your chosen device. More
Black Treacle is a magazine of Horror, Dark Fantasy, and Speculative fiction. Published three times a year, each issue includes 4-5 pieces of original short fiction.
We exist primarily to provide a forum for new writers to share their works and give preference to Canadian writers.
We publish both on the web and in popular ebook formats for easy reading on your chosen device.
December 2014, Issue 8
"Editor's notes" by A.P. Matlock
"Seven Heart Beats" by Josh Reynolds
"The Sorcerer's Apprentice" by David Annandale
"Moth Belly Blues" by Sean Moreland
While hedge funders tend to express themselves in ever-bigger shingled simulacrums of early 20th century waterfront estates, those in the tech world who've enjoyed similar success may be more interested in experience, community and relationships, as Lane Becker, a founder of digital start-ups and the author of “Get Lucky,” a tech business primer on serendipity, pointed out.
“To the extent they want to spend their money, it's on stuff like that,” they said. Mr. Becker and their wife, Courtney Skott, a furniture maker, were in Denver last weekend for a wedding, staying with a couple — a start-up entrepreneur and a television producer — who had rehabbed a Masonic Lodge. “They Airbnb some of the rooms out,” Mr. Becker said, “less because they need the money but because they'd like to get know different people. That's sort of the model of what Zach's doing. Some might see a sort of hipster-twee affectation, but I think there's a more genuine impulse at work.”
Mr. Klein's inspirations are familiar: the writings of Stewart Brand, the '60s era eco guru and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue; and John Seymour, the author of “The Self-Sufficient Life and How to Live it, ” along with the architectural ideals of Christopher Alexander. Other touchstones included a maple sugar shanty they once visited as a child, a community of Hobbitlike tiny houses called Trout Gulch built by some tech friends in Santa Cruz, Calif., and a yurt village built by a family in the Adirondacks.
But their pitch was pretty simple, said Courtney Klein, a digital strategist and entrepreneur, who married Mr. Klein at Beaver Brook in 2012. “It was, ‘Let's get a piece of land and we could bring all our friends together and have a good time.' ”
And so it began. In August 2010, the couple hosted a weekend of “bonfires, contemplation and wood chopping,” among other activities. They cooked stew in the shack, now called Scott's Cabin, for Mr. Newkirk, and which Mr. Newkirk had outfitted with a propane stove, and washed up by hauling five-gallon containers from the brook.
During last week's I/O keynote Google announced that the Chromecast will soon allow users to ‘cast' content from apps to a nearby TV, even if they're not connected to the same Wi-Fi network as the device itself.
But just how will it achieve this? The answer might surprise you.
Until now, pushing content from an app, browser or extension to a Chromecast equipped TV has required both devices to be on the same wireless network. With that necessity negated, what's to stop people passing by your house to rick roll you?
By using bat signals.
Chromecast to use ultrasonic pairing
In a session held after the main stage fun, the engineering manager of Chromecast at Google, John Affaki, gave further details on how the invisible authentication will work.
And in short it's amazing.
The Chromecast will use ultrasonic sounds to form an inaudible handshake between nearby devices and your big screen TV, offering frictionless connectivity with supported apps and an enhanced social experience.
A unique frequency, imperceptible to the human ear, is emitted by the streaming device through your TV speakers. Ensconced within the sound waves is everything nearby mobile devices need to know in order to pair up. When your phone ‘hears' an encoded trill, Chromecast buttons will appear active in supported apps and casting can begin.
The assumption is since people are in your home, and your Chromecast is turned on, you're probably okay with them shunting content to the big screen TV.
Support for the feature will be rolled out to existing users of the media streaming dongle in a future software update. The change should make it far easier for people to take part in a collective YouTube viewing fest, or fling holiday snaps for group viewing to the big screen.
Ssssh!
Dog, cat and rodent owners worried about the impact the noise might have on their pets needn't worry: an alternative Wi-Fi free method will allow an onscreen pin number to be used in place of the ultrasonic pairing.
Bat chatter aside, I/O saw a number of other features unveiled for Chromecast, including new customisation options, integration with Google Now, and Android device mirroring.
New Cornell University research suggests an economically viable model to scrub carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to thwart global warming.
The researchers propose using a "bioenergy-biochar system" that removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere in an environmental pinch, until other removal methods become economically feasible and in regions where other methods are impractical. Their work appeared in the Oct. 21 edition of Nature Communications.
"If we continue on current emissions trajectories, we will need to draw down excess carbon dioxide from the atmosphere if we're going to avoid catastrophic levels of climate change. We're offering a mitigation model that can do that. It's not a silver bullet, but it may be among the tools we need in a portfolio of carbon dioxide mitigation strategies," said Dominic Woolf, Cornell University research associate in crop and soil sciences and lead author of the study.
The new study suggests a system using biochar, carbonized plant matter made by charring organic material -- burning without using air -- in a process called pyrolysis. The bioenergy-biochar system, called BEBCS, is stable and lowers sequestration losses when carbon is captured. After the organic matter is turned into carbon-sequestering biochar, it can be placed into the soil as a fertilizer substitute and improve crop production.
Although it has been omitted from major atmospheric mitigation scenarios until now, the new model shows that including biochar in a suite of options unlocks the ability to achieve cost-effective carbon dioxide removal earlier and deeper than would otherwise be possible.
Woolf sounds a hopeful note: "We need a full suite of mitigation strategies. It's quite possible to scrub the atmosphere and remove carbon dioxide to avoid runaway climate change -- where we could transition to manageable climate change," they said. "This isn't purely about advocating completely for biochar, but we need to recognize that we have technologies in place that can help our atmosphere, and we should create an optimal portfolio for ideas."
By Kurt Nimmo
On Friday in Pensacola, Florida Donald Trump said they would attack Iran and create an international incident.
“With Iran, when they circle our beautiful destroyers with their little boats and they make gestures at our people that they shouldn't be allowed to make, they will be shot out of the water,” Trump said.
The remark is in response to an incident last month when Iranian patrol boats approached US vessels in the Persian Gulf.
Trump's comment is a contradiction of their earlier “unabashedly noninterventionist approach to world affairs,” as The Washington Post described it.
Trump does not address why “our beautiful destroyers” are in the Persian Gulf in the first place. They do not say what their response would be if Iran parked its warships a few miles off the coast of the United States.
The US Fifth Fleet is based in Bahrain. The fleet consists of numerous task forces, including carrier, submarine, amphibious, and expeditionary strike forces. It is stationed less than 500 miles from Iran.
Now imagine the response if a comparable Iranian force was based in Bermuda, about six hundred mile off the coast of North Carolina. Forget that Iran does not have a naval force anywhere near as advanced or deadly as the United States.
Also imagine Iran had imposed economic sanctions on the US similar to sanctions imposed on Iran. In 2014 Bloomberg estimated Iran had suffered $130 million a day in lost sales as a result of sanctions imposed for nuclear weapons it did not have and was not developing.
Do you think President Trump would sink every Iranian ship within reach and bomb Tehran?
Trump's remark in Florida is further evidence of their decision to embrace the neocon agenda. As their position shifts away from noninterventionism, neocons are increasingly flocking under their wing.
Earlier this week the grand daddy of the neocon movement, Norman Podhoretz, said they back Trump.
“With their endorsement in an interview this week in the Times of Israel, the former editor of Commentary magazine parts ways with the many neoconservatives who say they cannot support the Republican nominee because of their foreign policy views,” Forward reported.
Trump has modified their foreign policy views over the last few weeks.
 They are now nearly indistinguishable from other Republicans.
Image Credit
Kurt Nimmo is the editor of Another Day in the Empire, where this article first appeared.  They are the former lead editor and writer of Infowars.com.
Prosecutors said to be considering whether company, which agreed to a multibillion-dollar settlement this summer, should face criminal charges
The US justice department is reported to have found evidence of Volkswagen acting criminally in connection with the emissions cheating scandal that plunged the German company into crisis.
Federal prosecutors are weighing up whether to criminally charge VW and its employees or accept a multibillion-dollar settlement, according to the Wall Street Journal. The justice department and VW declined to comment on the discussions, which are said to have a soft deadline of Christmas 2016.
Volkswagen emissions scandal: $15bn settlement gets preliminary approval Read more
VW has admitted to deliberately cheating on US diesel emissions tests for several years and this summer agreed to pay $15.3bn (£11.8bn) to its customers and regulators.
However, the settlement did not preclude criminal charges, and at the time, deputy attorney general Sally Yates sought to reassure consumers that “our criminal investigation remains active and ongoing”.
“We will follow the facts wherever they go and we will determine whether to bring criminal charges against any companies or individual wrongdoers.”
It is unusual for US authorities to seek a criminal prosecution of companies or executives, with prosecutors tending to accept an admittance of guilt, an apology from the chief executive and multimillion-dollar fines.
In 2014, Toyota paid $1.2bn to settle a criminal investigation into its attempt to mislead the public about a defect that caused unintended acceleration. Last year, General Motors paid $900m to end an investigation into an ignition switch defect, which cut engines and disabled systems such as power steering and airbags, linked to 124 deaths.
Both companies agreed to the appointment of an independent monitor to oversee their safety practices for three years. A similar agreement is likely if prosecutors agree a settlement with VW.
Three US states have launched lawsuits alleging that VW executives knew the company's cars had been engineered to cheat US pollution tests and had concluded that “breaking the law and risking the imposition of fines was an acceptable cost of doing business”.
New York, Massachusetts and Maryland filed lawsuits last month alleging that former VW chief executive Martin Winterkorn and other top executives were involved in a campaign of “systematic cheating and deception” to mislead US regulators over the emissions of its diesel cars.
An 84-page lawsuit filed by New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman alleged that VW had been adapting technology to make its cars' emissions appear loweras far back as 1999. The company went on to develop bespoke software, termed a “defeat device”, that allowed its cars to produce up to 40 times as much pollution on the roads than under strict US emissions test conditions.
The June settlement required VW to offer to buy back the 475,000 2.0-litre diesel cars it installed with illegal “defeat device” software designed to trick regulators into believing that its cars were greener than they really were. The buyback is expected to cost VW $10bn. The cost could increase significantly if VW is also ordered to buy back 85,000 3.0-litre Audis, Porsches and SUVs sold since 2009.
It was also ordered to spend $2bn on the construction of infrastructure to charge electric vehicles and develop zero-emission ride-sharing across the country. A further $2.7bn will be spent on helping the state replace old buses.
Club Lexus Exclusive! Toyota (Lexus) to re-enter Formula One in 2014!
Confidential sources within our Club Lexus community have learned that Toyota plans to re-enter Formula One during the 2015 race year under the Lexus banner. Toyota last raced in Formula One in 2009 claiming that the series was not in touch with their customer base (the financial and economic outlook was also broadly cited as a factor).
In December 2012, Toyota executives hinted that they might reconsider that decision (interviews with Toyota Managing Officer Kiyotaka Ise about hybrids in both WRC and Le Mans 24-hour racing) and we've learned that that decision to re-enter Formula One under the Lexus banner is all but finalized. Lexus has been selected over Toyota because of the premium branding, Lexus' performance vehicle development such as the LF-A model, and the brand's focus on hybrid vehicles throughout their product line.
Our sources cited a number of factors that are being contemplated resulting in this about-face, summarized below:
Changes in Technical Specifications give Toyota / Lexus an advantage with their Hybrid technology prowess.
For 2014, the Kinetic Energy Recovery Systems (KERS) capacity has been increased from 60kw to 120kw, while fuel consumption for the F1 cars are more restricted. This scenario has the makings of an ideal situation for Toyota / Lexus to use their significant hybrid technological footprint to potentially outpace the competitors with lesser capabilities in this area.
All Formula one teams have to fully re-engineer their motors in 2014
All teams will have brand-new motors in 2014 under the new FIA specifications. The current 2.4 liter V8 is a normally aspirated engine that produces 750 horsepower. It creates that familiar ‘F1 motor scream' while revving at up to 18,000 revolutions per minute, but has the expected downside of using a considerable volume of fuel at each race.
In 2014, the new Formula One engine will be a 1.6 liter turbocharged V6 that produces roughly 550 horsepower at 15,000 rpm, plus two types of energy recovery systems to boost power (energy recovered during braking and energy captured from exhaust heat). Early tests show that this motor will use up to 30 percent less fuel, allowing a significant weight saving of 220 pounds of fuel for each race.
A Top-down focus at Toyota and Lexus on Performance Motorsports
Akio Toyoda, 56, is grandson of Toyota company founder Kiichiro Toyoda and a very visible and vocal motorsports champion within the company. They not only has been a driving factor in a number of Lexus and Toyota models that have brought adrenaline back to the brands, they have been a driver in them having piloted a number of races personally including the Lexus LF-A SP8-class at the 24 hours of Nurburgring. They reportedly have been a strong and visible supporter of Toyota's push into WRC and Le Mans and is now personally championing the Formula One initiative.
There are some rumors circulating too…
Also mentioned by our sources (not officially cited but believed by many to be a factor in Toyota's decision) is Inifiniti's more highly prominent sponsorship of the Red Bull team. Being seen to participate more strongly in the new ‘greener' Formula One could be an adverting bonanza for Infiniti's branding. They already can be seen taking advantage of the higher placement and visibility of their investment by naming Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel as “Director of Performance”.
Also rumored – Toyota is in talks with former Formula One driver Kamui Kobayashi (who started their career in the Formula Toyota series) to be their chief driver. With recent events at Red Bull racing, perhaps Mark Weber would be a great starter for the team as well.
Thank you to our confidential sources for allowing Club Lexus, the world's largest and most active Lexus enthusiast community (www.clublexus.com) to scoop this news!
The Founder of Trinity House, Pastor Ituah Ighodalo, says they have found a cure for the deadly Ebola disease.
The clergyman who announced this on their facebook page, disclosed that all that is needed to cure the disease is to lay their hands on a victim and the rest is history.
Drawing inspiration from the late Canadian–American Pentecostal pastor, John D. Lake, Ighodalo wrote thus:
“Several years ago, the Ebola virus erupted in Africa, killing thousands of people without restraint or cure. The medical world was perplexed. A great man of God by the name John G. Lake came to the rescue by laying hands on infected people who were not to be touched.
“With bare hands, cleaning secretion and curing every victim, John. G. Lake along with their Holy Ghost filled team, brought to an abrupt end the spread of the deadly virus. The higher life that put out Ebola in the days of John. G. Lake will do the same through you in your day! At the name of Jesus, Ebola will bow out! Stop the fear! Lake and team are long gone! But I am here, you are here! We can save our world! We have the life of God in us!” Ighodalo wrote in a post on their Facebook page.
They stressed that if they and any member of their deliverance team laid their hands on those infected with the virus, they would not contract the disease.
“And if they drink any deadly thing (Ebola virus included) it shall not hurt them, they shall lay hands on the sick (those already infected) and they shall recover,” they said.
The Ebola Virus has killed no fewer than 670 people and infected more than 1,000 in Africa.
The disease hit Nigeria when a Liberian, Patrick Sawyer (who is dead now), flew in from their country last week.
Alt-Right and Alt-Left? The Time Has Come for the Alt-Middle
by Paul O'Leary
originally published in August 2017
_____
Alt-Right – An ideological grouping associated with extreme conservative or reactionary viewpoints, characterized by a rejection of mainstream politics and by the use of online media to disseminate deliberately controversial content. – Oxford Dictionary. Alt-Left – A responsive term to counter alt-right. Typically refers to extremist members of the left wing. Outliers.
This week in 1992, I was a first-time homeowner with a young pregnant wife and a baby girl. We spent a Sunday full of sunshine and beautiful weather in downtown Miami enjoying a new music festival tour called Lalapalooza. Life was good.
Then, Hurricane Andrew, a devastating Category 5 hurricane ripped through my community doing billions of dollars in damage and displacing hundreds of residents. The most amazing thing then happened in Andrew's aftermath: Miami, a city every bit as aggressive and confrontational as New York City or Boston, became a haven of manners and goodwill. It was as if the shock of what we had witnessed caused everyone to set aside their prejudice, anger, frustration, and road rage to become a unified community with a common goal towards rebuilding. It only lasted for a short time, but it was something amazing to behold.
So, what does this have to do with the alt-right and the alt-left?
In the week since the horrific killing of Heather Heyer in Charlottesville, Virginia, national debates have erupted regarding the Ku Klux Klan, Neo-Nazis, Antifa, Confederate memorials, President Donald Trump's messaging, and, of course, whether or not the media cares about any of it or just want to fan the flames of anarchy and discord to make a few bucks.
If you think back to the day after things took a tragic turn, you might remember the period of national shell shock that gripped America. That same feeling of community fell across the land. For the first time in a long time, my social media feeds were not filled with discontent and bickering. The only name calling was directed at one target: the white supremacists. My friends, left and right alike, shared memes and jokes mocking the white power gang for the ridiculousness of their tiki torches, khakis, and tucked in collared shirts.
Seriously, it looked as if a giant fraternity of guys who worked at Banana Republic and J. Crew had decided to riot because their favorite Hooter's restaurant ran out of mayonnaise and Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey.
Along with the humorous memes, there were more somber posts that mourned and memorialized the life of a young American who died senselessly at the hands of an angry madman.
But, then it happened. The spell broke and the lights came on. We collectively realized we were dancing with the devil and doing the unthinkable: agreeing with our political rivals.
Now, I don't know how the bubble popped, but I suspect it was one of two things. Either the right wing looked around and thought, “Wait, did I just agree with the liberals? What the hell?” or the left wing looked around and thought, “Wait, did I just agree with the conservatives? What the hell?” Maybe it was a combination of the two. Either way, all holy hell broke loose.
Suddenly, we had people defending the Nazis and people defending the Communists and before you knew it, dogs and cats were fraternizing in the streets and the sun was rising in the west and Nickelback songs sounded cool. Then folks began to debate whether or not the Confederate monuments were symbols of hatred or testimonies to a bygone era.
Come on people, we're better than this. Just one example: in Atlanta, anarchists tried to pull down a statue dedicated to peace and during the melee that followed BLM members formed a circle around the cops to protect them from the Antifa. I'll repeat that in case you thought it was a typo – BLM members put themselves in danger to protect.the.cops.
And all of this was well before the eclipse.
Enough is enough.
Is anyone else tired of the outliers and fringe elements of society taking up all the press time? This isn't how people live, is it? I mean, have you ever greeted your neighbor with something like, “What's up, Libtard? Have you considered reading a book yet, you uneducated, ill-informed dill hole?” or “Yo, Nazi! What's it like being afraid of facts, you racist clown?”
No. That's not how we talk in real life.
I propose a new alliance. A gathering of sorts. Maybe it is high time we all stop bickering and join the alt-middle – a tribe of moderates, centrists, moderate and conservative Republicans, moderate and liberal Democrats, and rational thinkers. Not groupthink or political and social homogeny, but the majority of people who willfully reject the antics of their political persuasions' silliest and most ridiculous members, ignoring them like our drunk uncle at the family barbecue.
Here are a few suggestions to get us started. Try peppering your online or in-person chats with a few of these conversational gems:
“Interesting. I've never looked at it from that perspective.”
“You make a valid point. I might have to rethink my opinion on this.”
“I don't believe you are correct, but can we table this until I have a chance to do some additional research on the subject?”
“I concede, you may be correct about this.”
“I see your point, but I'm not convinced. I see why you feel that way, though.”
It could be revolutionary. Just tonight, a former platoon sergeant and good friend of mine texted me out of the blue to ask how I was doing and to make sure that I was cool with their provocative comments on my social media pages. I assured them it was fine and that I enjoyed the debate because echo chambers kill minds.
The bottom line is that we don't have to be jerks to one another and we certainly don't have to let the fringe elements among us drag us all down to the lowest common denominator. It's killing us.
Consider the alt-middle and let's make this thing a party.
#AltMiddle
Paul J. O'Leary is an Army and law enforcement veteran, but mostly considers themselves a glorified class clown. They have written for The Havok Journal, Unapologetically American, The Rhino Den, and Article 107 News. You can follow them on Twitter at @pauljoleary.
Like this article?
I was ecstatic when I opened up my mailbox and found two mysterious packages. I instantly opened them to find...a great t-shirt with (probably) the most famous one-word quote from Deathly Hallows, and an awesome Deathly Hallows necklace and matching earrings! I tried everything on immediately! I wore the goodies to school the following day ( I teach middle school) and I got compliments all day from fellow teachers and students alike! I told my students who are Harry Potter fans we should do a HP shirt day next week :) . Then, upon coming home yesterday, I found one more package! In it was a super cool bracelet of Hermione and Ron, and a sweet bookmark of Harry and Dobby. The bracelet was extra thoughtful since I mentioned that Ron and Hermione are two of my favorite characters! Thank you so much, Santa, you are wonderful and I hope your gift giver gave you some great stuff too!
Chattanooga Library Board Responds to Audit's Allegations
Last week the board of the Chattanooga Public Library (TN) responded to a city audit released in late August, which criticized Library Director and LJ librarian of the year Corinne Hill and top staffers for receiving excess travel reimbursements (since repaid), and stated that two employees have been reported to the state for suspected fraud for taking paid speaking and consultant jobs on library time.
This article was updated on October 10 to add information about Meg Backus's dismissal and Nate Hill's suspension. Last week the board of the Chattanooga Public Library (TN) responded to a city audit released in late August, which criticized Library Director andlibrarian of the year Corinne Hill and top staffers for receiving excess travel reimbursements (since repaid), and stated that two employees have been reported to the state for suspected fraud for taking paid speaking and consultant jobs on library time. The audit, triggered by calls from a library staffer to an anonymous hotline, cleared the library of wrongdoing in its weeding and computer equipment disposal, but called out the library's lack of consistent policies. “The Library lacks documented policies and procedures for many key areas and the majority of operating policies in place remain antiquated,” the report found, adding that many of the policies, left over from the previous city-county organization, had never been formally adopted, and were not in line with those of the rest of the city government. James Kennedy III, chairperson of the library board, told, “The Chattanooga Library Board of Directors looks upon the recent City Auditor's report as an opportunity to address some policy and procedure issues that may have been vague or outdated.” According to the, Kennedy also delivered a personal vote of confidence in Hill when the audit report was first issued, saying “We will get to the bottom of it and get it right without any hesitation. Corinne is right there with us. She's world class.” For them part, Hill told, “We're not shying away from this. We own this as much as we own the accolades. This is our mess to clean up. Am I disappointed in some of my staff, yes; and am I disappointed in myself, absolutely; but that doesn't mean we just roll over.” While admitting that disappointment, Hill stopped short of offering an apology. “I thought it was more important to accept the responsibility for the situation; to say ‘the buck stops with me and it doesn't matter anymore who did what, we've got to move forward and simply fix it.'” The board took issue with some of the specifics mentioned in the audit, saying that certain reimbursements were actually in line with library policy and additional leave had been granted though not properly recorded, but it accepted the broad mandate to step up the library's efforts on adopting new policies and seeing them applied. “It is the Board's responsibility to resolve the outstanding issues identified in the audit report including governance, compliance, and accountability,” the board wrote. “It is imperative that we do this to keep the people of Chattanooga proud of the great work that goes on at their Public Library.”
A tighter ship on a tight timeline
To that end, the board set “an aggressive yet realistic schedule” to resolve the systemic issues by the end of 2014. Specifically, the board plans to establish governance and by-laws committees, as well as a new member board manual and training schedule for board members. Hill has specific action items as well. They will hire an external auditor; create a new employee orientation and manual; establish an annual staff training session; adopt the city of Chattanooga's human resources policies and procedures; publish a clear set of policies relating to salary, benefits, vacation, and leave and review it with every employee; implement the city system to automate vacation and leave timekeeping; and “take appropriate disciplinary actions and job performance reviews that demonstrate the expected ethical performance by all employees.” Following the audit, system administrator Meg Backus, who was cited in the audit, resigned in early September. On October 3rd, the library board voted to pay Backus $5,000, or four weeks of back pay, according to the Chattanooga Times Free Press . In a letter to the board, Backus wrote that Hill had accepted their resignation with 60 days notice, then changed the terms and made it immediate. Assistant director Nate Hill, anMover & Shaker, was suspended for three days. City auditor Stan Sewell reported Nate Hill and Backus to the state comptroller's office, but it is unclear whether any future action will be taken from that direction. “The Comptroller's office has broad authority to review government entities including the Chattanooga Library. It is our policy not to comment further,” John Dunn, Public Information Officer for Tennessee's Comptroller of the Treasury, told. The library board requested that Corinne Hill “consider hiring a chief administrative officer to oversee all personnel related functions and to ensure compliance with all policies and procedures.” This is something Hill had already toldshe planned to do—“someone to come in and dot the Is and cross the Ts”—as they described the position. Hill is working with their HR department to create descriptions for the new officer and several other vacant positions. The board also cited the history of the library to explain the context in which the policy gap arose. Until 2011, the library was a joint city-county entity. When the city took over, there was no precedent in the state for the transition, so the library was still in the process of developing the library's procedures and bringing them into compliance with the city's when the audit occurred. “This is really just phase two of our transformation, to continue to rebuild the library system,” said Hill. “I had to make decisions when I first came in, there's so much, what do we do first? A lot of what we worked on was our outward facing persona. If you're not relevant in the community you can have the best business practices in the world, but if no one's coming…? We did bring policies forward, just apparently not as quickly as folks wanted us to…. It is going to be a busy couple of months but it is not going to derail us in any way. A year from now we'll be better because of this.” City auditor Stan Sewell seemed satisfied with the board's response. They told LJ, "I received an extensive response from the Chattanooga Public Library's Board. It appears the Board recognizes the deficiencies, accepts responsibility as being charged with governance, and is engaged in the process of ensuring corrective actions are taken. The City's Audit Committee has requested our office to follow-up on the Library's progress in implementing bylaws, policies and procedures, as well as any employee discipline, prior to their next meeting in November." While the board's response expressed disappointment “in not being provided more timely information by the Director on the city audit report,” Hill toldshe hadn't heard anything from the board that would suggest that they will be disciplined. The board response also cited the outward facing work the library has done on Hill's watch. “As a Board, we believe the Public Library has made great strides in updating its collections, its delivery of services, and in being relevant to a diverse set of customers that are interested in reading researching and innovation. There is renewed interest in the community for the Public Library.”
Lessons in leadership
In addition to learning to prioritize the substance of internal governance differently, Hill toldshe's learning a lot about leading their library from this situation. “It is one thing to lead through disruptive change. What I've encountered in the last two weeks is leading in a crisis, and that's…a whole different set of skills. You have to nurture your staff, keep them informed enough to keep them balanced. I am finding that really interesting and challenging in a good way,” they said. “How are we going to keep these guys okay and still in a good enough place when everything dies down that we can keep them moving forward? I don't want them to lose faith in me and the vision.” Hill said their unusual frankness is motivated by a desire to share the benefit of this experience with the rest of the profession. “It really bothers me because more times than not, people hit a crisis and they don't want to talk about it,” they said. “I think that's a mistake, I don't think that is fair to the rest of us: we don't get a chance to learn.” This story has been updated to include a comment from Chattanooga city auditor Stan Sewell.
The pay of top CEOs from the 350 largest companies in the US has increased by 54.3 percent from 2009, to an average of $16.3 million per year – six times greater than that of the top 0.1 percent of wage earners, according to new study.
According to the study by the progressive think tank Economic Policy Institute, $53,200 was the average annual salary of the worker in 2009 and it has remained stagnant at this number to this day.
“CEO compensation in 2013 (the latest year for data on top wage earners) was 5.84 times greater than wages of the top 0.1 percent of wage earners, a ratio 2.66 points higher than the 3.18 ratio that prevailed over the 1947–1979 period,” said the institute's article published alongside the study.
The study was criticized for conspicuously excluding average CEOs from the data set – since only the CEOs of the 350 largest companies are included in the data set, it is essentially only examining the very highest paid CEOs in the country, while ignoring the rest who would paint a fuller picture.
READ MORE: Dream merchants: Media CEOs dominate top 10 highest-paid list
“We can get a more accurate and complete picture of CEO compensation in the US by looking at wage data released recently by the Bureau of Labor Statistics,” American Enterprise Institute scholar Mark Perry published on AEI's website. “The BLS reports that the average pay for America's 246,240 chief executives was only $180,700.”
Lawrence Mishel of the Economic Policy Institute responded to this, arguing that the critique was “clever but misguided” due to Perry was being dishonest with statistics in their own way.
“Amazingly, roughly 16 percent of the CEOs in Perry's preferred measure are in the public sector. Many others are in the nonprofit sector, including CEOs of religious organizations, advocacy groups, and union.” They continue, “The reason to focus on the CEO pay of the largest firms is that they employ a large number of workers, are the leaders of the business community, and set the standards for pay in the executive pay market and probably in the nonprofit sector as well (e.g., hospitals, universities).”
Mishel doesn't specify what just percentage of the CEOs would have been included Perry's data set if non-profit and public sector employees were excluded.
The pay of a CEO is determined by the company's board of directors, who are in turn elected by the shareholders – the owners of the company. This means that the CEO pay is kept in check by shareholders naturally wanting profits to go to them, not to the pockets of the manager that they hired.
One of the reasons that CEO pay is increasing because they are paid in the shares of their companies, rather than just receiving salaries. Earlier in the year, stock markets around the world grow broke records, meaning that the compensation correspondingly grew.
A 2005 study showed that shareholders are content to see their CEO's pay balloon during bull markets, as long as they are sharing in the wealth. Today, the majority of a CEO's compensation comes in the form of company stock.
The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act was written stipulation requiring companies to provide information on the CEO pay ratio to their investors, who are, in the case of publicly listed companies, the general public. The Securities Exchange Commission has not decided how to implement this yet, so the regulation has never actually taken effect.
