New in calibre 3.0
Welcome back, calibre users. It has been almost three years since calibre 2.0. In that time lots has happened. The biggest new feature, which was in development for almost that entire period, is a completely re-written calibre Content server.
The Content server allows you to wirelessly browse your calibre books on any modern phone/tablet and even read the books right in your phone browser. The books are stored in off-line storage on the phone so you do not have to keep calibre running or have an always on internet connection to read the books.
The new Content server You can start the Content server by clicking the Connect/share button in calibre. Then just open up a browser and type http://localhost:8080 in the address bar. You will see a list of calibre libraries. Click on one and browse the books. Click on a book and you will have the option to read or download it. To learn more about using the server to read on your devices, see the User Manual.
Support for High Resolution (Retina) screens A much requested feature. As of calibre 3, calibre now natively supports high resolution (Retina) screens. It should auto-detect when it is started up on such a screen and adjust itself accordingly. It can be controlled via Preferences → Look & feel → Adjust for high resolution screens .
Support for icon themes and a new default icon set calibre now has support for installing different icon themes ( Preferences → Look & feel → Icon theme ). There are many different icon themes to suit different tastes. In addition, to celebrate calibre's tenth birthday, which was in October, 2016, the default calibre icons have been changed. Never, fear if you prefer the old icons they are also available, as an icon theme.
Conversion to Microsoft Word (DOCX) calibre can now convert all the book formats it supports to Microsoft Word (DOCX) files. Alongside the support for conversion from Word, you can now go back and forth between Word documents and e-book formats to your hearts desire.
Backwards incompatibilities There are a few minor backwards incompatibilities to be aware of in calibre 3. The Content server was completely re-written. While we have tried hard to make sure the functionality used by third party programs that connect to calibre remains compatible, there is likely to be some breakage. Also, no changes you have made to any server options will be preserved. For example, if you changed the port from the default of 8080, it will be reset to 8080. You will have to redo the configuration. Because the Content server can now make changes to calibre libraries, you can no longer run any of calibredb.exe, calibre-server.exe or calibre.exe together, as they are all capable of modifying calibre data. Instead of running calibre.exe and calibre-server.exe, use the embedded server inside the main calibre program. calibredb.exe can now connect directly to a running calibre server (either calibre-server.exe or the server running inside calibre). See the User Manual for details on how to do that. On Linux calibre can no longer use the system Qt theme/style plugins as they cause hangs/crashes on some systems. This means calibre might look a little different from other applications on your system. You can force the use of the system theme by setting the environment variable CALIBRE_USE_SYSTEM_THEME , but do so at your own risk.
This is an appropriate time to throw out a big thank you to the calibre community who have contributed selflessly of their energy and enthusiasm — without which many of the features above would never have seen the light of day.
Note that some of these features were actually introduced during the lifetime of the 2.x series. This document describes new features as compared to 2.0
See what was new in previous major calibre releases: 2.0, 1.0, 0.9, 0.8, 0.7.
Sagna, who has twice been named in the Professional Footballers Association's Premier League team of the year, has been offered only a one-year extension to their current deal at the Emirates Stadium, meaning that any renewed contract would take them until the end of the 2014-15 season when they would be aged 32.
Arsenal regard that offer as sensible but Sagna, who openly questioned the sales last summer of Robin van Persie and Alex Song, is understood to be disappointed and wants the security of a longer contract.
There is also still no further progress on Walcott, who has rejected a five-year deal worth £75,000 a week. Arsenal do retain hope of keeping both players but, following the departures over the past 18 months of Cesc Fabregas, Samir Nasri, Gaël Clichy, Van Persie and Song, it does increasingly look like there will be further major changes next year.
The uncertainty over Walcott and Sagna comes at a time when the team are clearly in transition and already struggling to adapt following the recent loss of key players.
Tomas Rosicky, the Czech international whose time at Arsenal dates back to Thierry Henry's first spell at the club, believes that a lack of confidence and a loss in passing fluency are among the key explanations for the current difficulties.
“Maybe I can bring calmness,” Rosicky said. “Sometimes we don't keep the ball as we used to. I still think we have some very good players and we are better than what we are producing. We are good enough. It is a matter of confidence.
“You can see there are more back-passes than we used to do. You have to gain confidence by winning the next game.”
Arsenal play West Bromwich Albion at the Emirates on Saturday and, after the boos that followed their 2-0 home defeat against Swansea City last week, Rosicky is calling for unity.
“I can understand the frustration as an Arsenal fan as well,” Rosicky said. “We have to know we have young guys and they feel frustration. We all have to stick together. That is what we did last season when ­everyone wrote us off and we came back stronger.
“If we are all on aboard, the ­Emirates is a great place to be and a great place to play football but we must stick together and fight.”
hmm
Per Tomppa el 15 de maig de 2017 a les 08:47 1 0
Està bé, sempre està bé que la gent treballi per solucionar problemes. Problema es, això no soluciona la problema d'arrel :( Què el català no existeix es perquè el català no es una llengua propi d'un estat ( Andorra no es prou important ) ... si el català fos una llengua normal i corrent d'un estat, fins i tot tot netflix tindria els subtitules en català per totes les seves pelis ( si es crea subtitules que ells poden fer servir, en gran part venen de d'empreses de distribució estatal de les pelis, i els distributos de peninsula no fan servir el català i com a resulta, no existeixen ) ... molt bé que fan coses ... però que es important es creació d'un estat ... aquella 150.000€ es perdua de diners que no serviré per res ... cal crear bases de dades de producció audiovisual en català i regalar-los per l'us general per totes empreses que volen, després de la independència hi ha una estructura d'estat més ... no crec que cal que sigui una empresa que hi faci res perquè es la llei que ho decideix .... no pots distribuïr subtituls a les pelis que no tens drets etc.
State regulators are seeking comments from the public about how to enhance and further develop Florida's solar power efforts.
The state Public Service Commission said it wants information from individuals, business and utilities that helps address practical ways "to more effectively promote solar energy in Florida."
"It makes sense to involve all stakeholders in gathering information on practical policies and programs to encourage solar energy," said PSC Chairman Art Graham. They said the commission has concluded that expensive pilot programs currently in place have yielded insufficient results.
For further information on submitting comments or to view the questions to be answered, visit www.FloridaPSC.com and access Solar Energy in Florida-Request for Comments under Hot Topics.
Comments are due by 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, June 23 and are limited to 20 pages. All submitted comments will be public record and posted to the PSC's website.
Controversial figure was not allowed to release the one-of-a-kind album commercially for 88 years
Martin Shkreli has fulfilled their promise to leak a one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album if Donald Trump won the US Presidential election.
Known for their extravagant, self-publicising lifestyle, Shkreli has frequently been labelled the most unpopular man in America. The pharmaceutical CEO first made headlines after their company increased the price of Aids drug Daraprim by 5,556% from £10 to £577.
Shkreli was later revealed to be the buyer behind the sole copy of Wu-Tang Clan's double album ‘Once Upon A Time In Shaolin' in 2015. They paid $2million for the record, with the stipulation that they don't release it commerically for 88 years. Shkreli later engaged in a war of words with several Wu-Tang members, including Ghostface Killah.
After promising to leak unreleased Nirvana, The Beatles and Wu-Tang Clan music if Trump was elected, Shkreli aired several songs from the Wu-Tang record in a livestream during the early hours. You can see footage below, as well as tweets from Shkreli leading up to the leak.
Martin Shkreli leaks Wu-Tang Clan Track after Trump wins election He's cucked us yet again.
Wu-Tang Clan – Once Upon a Time in Shaolin – Rivals Martin Shkreli Leak sorry martin, someone was gonna do it anyway
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Pitchfork reports that Shkreli said that they would negotiate with Wu-Tang Clan for a wider release of the album.
Some of Shkreli's other publicity stunts have included offering Kanye West $15m to become the only person to own their album ‘The Life Of Pablo'. They also donated $2,700 to former Democrat Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' campaign after Sanders called them “the poster child of greed”.
Last month the CEO claimed they were auctioning off the chance for one person to punch them in the face.
Let's face it: Very few forms of public transit are as awesome as trains. That's why we want to live in a house made of trains, just like the ones in this gallery.
A Soo Line caboose, built in 1909, turned into a vacation home in 1976, somewhere in North Pennsylvania
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Tiny House Blog)
Red Caboose Getaway, with seven themed cabooses as private suites in Sequim, Washington
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Red Caboose Getaway)
The Deptford Project Café, designed by Morag Myerscough, converted from a 1960s commuter train carriage, Deptford, London, UK
Advertisement
(via Text and Illustration, The Georgia and Supergroup London)
A 85-foot-long (25.9 m) 1949 Pullman Railcar, converted into a luxurious home by Liz Mapelli, stands near the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry, Portland, Oregon
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via DJCOregon)
Some Orthodox churches of Russia
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via English Russia)
The Train Wreck houseboat, Sausalito, California, converted from a former railcar used by the San Francisco and Northern Pacific Railway between 1889 and 1907, when it became a Northwestern Pacific Railroad car. It was retired in 1936.
The Centennial Inn, an inn converted from one of seven Montana museums on wheels, displayed during the 1964 World's Fair in New York. This car has been retrofitted as a Victorian railcar.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Big Sky Fishing and Skiing)
The 1949 caboose of Samuel and Barbara Davidson on Mercer Island, Washington
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Apartment Therapy and Goods Home Design)
Aurora Express Bed & Breakfast, Fairbanks, Alaska, a hotel with old railroad cars
Advertisement
(via Aurora)
Two 40-year-old mail cars, built into a house of a German couple
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via doodoo and treehugger)
A NSWGR "U-Boat" EMU as a café, in Nimmitabel, beside the Monaro Highway, New South Wales, Australia
Advertisement
(via Railgallery)
A caboose home
Advertisement
(via Wu-Kosh)
New Delhi: Nissan Motor Co. plans to work with “government bodies" and “private sector firms" to see if there is a market for its electric car Leaf in India, a top executive at the Indian unit of the Japanese automaker said.
“We will start a pilot project involving the Nissan Leaf this year, which will help us in assessing the viability of electric vehicles (EV)," Guillaume Sicard, president, Nissan India operations, added.
Sicard claimed that Leaf is the world's best-selling all-electric vehicle, with over 250,000 units sold so far. In India, the pilot runs are scheduled for later this year with the objective of testing the car's (and especially its battery's) performance in Indian roads and weather conditions, said a person familiar with the developments.
ALSO READ: Transport ministry sweetens bid conditions for hiring electric cars
This person added that Nissan may seek incentives to promote sales of the car and then look for ways to localise it. The idea is to stimulate demand and then assess whether the car can be assembled, or parts made for it, locally.
Local assembly of such vehicles will be a shot in the arm for the Indian government, which has plans to have an all electric fleet by 2030. Transport minister Nitin Gadkari wooed Tesla Inc. to manufacture EVs, but the Palo Alto-based company has been cool to India's offer of land near a major port to facilitate exports, and other incentives.
Sicard of Nissan did not comment on localization. “Through our experience as pioneers in developing EVs in markets around the world, we have learned that government support for infrastructure and supporting demand for EVs is crucial," they added.
ALSO READ: Government eyes leasing of electric vehicles in clean energy push
According to a government official familiar with Nissan's plans, the Japanese company's biggest concern is the functionality of its battery in Indian conditions.
“How will it function in a city like Delhi, where temperature shoots up during summer?" the official asked, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Deepesh Rathore, co-founder of London-based Emerging Markets Automotive Advisors, said Nissan should rather look at forming a consortium, and then approach the government to create the infrastructure for electric cars.
ALSO READ: Mahindra, SsangYong working on an electric SUV, launch likely in 3 years
“Incentives can come in at a later stage. Today, people don't even consider buying an electric car because we don't see a charging station anywhere," Rathore added. Spokesmen for the department of heavy industries, and the ministry of new and renewable energy did not respond to emails.
Bitcoin is now available at 874 self-service payment terminals across Romania, thanks to a partnership between ATM operator Bitcoin Romania and terminal network operator ZebraPay.
The ZebraPay terminals will allow customers to buy bitcoin at a 4% commission on prices taken from the Cointrader exchange. The terminals are one-way, so customers can only trade their Romanian leu for bitcoin.
The terminals do not require customers to hand over identification documents when buying bitcoin.
The service has been available for two days but it has already sold 7.2 BTC, underscoring bitcoin's growing popularity in the country.
ZebraPay chief executive Adrian Badea told CoinDesk:
“It's weird because we haven't even launched it officially yet. It seems people already want to buy bitcoin.”
Bitcoin-buying features
The partnership between ZebraPay and Bitcoin Romania means that the bitcoin ATM operator acts as a vendor on ZebraPay's terminal network. While customers deposit their fiat at ZebraPay's machines, the coins are ultimately supplied by Bitcoin Romania, Badea explained.
Customers can use a ‘wallet shortener' at the ZebraPay terminals which allows them to assign an easier to remember alias to their bitcoin wallet address. The terminals are standalone touch-screen machines with black-and-white stripes painted on their cases.
Badea said their company's terminals will remove the complications associated with buying bitcoin for Romanians, explaining that in the past the country's bitcoin buyers have had to deal with know-your-customer regulations, creating accounts on various exchange platforms and ensuring their bank accounts could send funds to exchanges outside the country.
They said:
“There is a [bitcoin] community here, that's for sure. There are lots of people who know about bitcoin, but they don't have the opportunity to try it. It was too complicated before.”
The Cointrader exchange was set up by Vancouver-based Bitcoiniacs, which operates the first bitcoin ATM, located in the Waves Coffeehouse there.
Terminal network competition
ZebraPay is working to add bitcoin as a payment option for the other services it offers through its terminals by the year's end, Badea said. The terminals allow customers to buy mobile phone credit, pay utility bills and settle traffic fines, among other functions.
ZebraPay terminals also offer Ukash, a type of electronic money, that is popular for online games and gambling, Badea said.
The ZebraPay network is set to grow about 30% by year's end, adding 350 new terminals by 2015, Badea said. Its machines are located in 160 cities across Romania in large supermarket chains like Carrefour, Auchan and Kaufland – some of the biggest retailers in the country.
ZebraPay competes with Qiwi in Romania. The Nasdaq-listed Russian payments giant has a network of 171,000 payments terminals and kiosks in seven countries, largely concentrated in Russia and Kazakhstan, according to its latest filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and has also reported that it hosts 15.5 million “virtual wallets”, which are mainly used for remittance services. Qiwi doesn't report terminal numbers for individual countries.
Images via ZebraPay; BitcoinRomania; Shutterstock
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton. Credit:Andrew Meares On Sunday Mr Dutton said the family would be released into community detention, but would eventually return to Nauru. The Courier Mail on Tuesday reported that the baby's mother was interviewed by police after a guard claimed they admitted the girl was purposely burnt to get to Australia. The newspaper reported that the mother refuted the allegations when interviewed by police at the hospital on Friday, and that Queensland Police confirmed the investigation had been finalised. It is understood no charges were laid. The allegations against the mother are at odds with Lady Cilento Hospital records stating the child spilt hot water on their chest and that there is "no evidence that the burn injury is non-accidental".
Baby Asha has been released into community detention but faces deportation to Nauru. "The injury occurred when [the child] pulled a bowl containing recently boiled water off a table onto herself," states the document, which advocates said the family wanted publicly released. "[Asha] lives in a tent with no kitchen facilities except for a kettle. [Her] mother boils all the water they consume to ensure it is safe for drinking." There has long been concern about inadequate facilities in accommodation tents at Nauru, which do not have running water.
Getup human rights director Shen Narayanasamy accused the government of playing "dirty politics" and making discredited allegations similar to those made during the children overboard affair, and against Save the Children staff last year. They said the media report contained information that could only have been supplied by the government. The report said the Department of Immigration and Border Protection planned to return the family to Nauru as soon as possible, and considered them to be economic refugees from Nepal. On Monday Mr Dutton, a former Queensland police officer, said they knew of the investigation but would not comment further. A spokesperson for Mr Dutton on Tuesday denied they or any government official supplied information about the family or the police investigation to the media.
But they indicated that Mr Dutton's bureaucrats made the police referral, saying "if the department receives a specific allegation of abuse regarding a child, it will comply with any mandatory responsibilities it has under state and territory law to report the allegations to the appropriate authorities for investigation". In Parliament on Monday, Mr Dutton said they would not preside over a situation where people were "self-harming to come to hospitals in this country" because they believed it was a route to Australian citizenship. "We will provide the medical assistance, including to this baby and including to other people that we have brought to this country, and when the medical assistance has been provided to that family ... that person will return to Nauru," they said. Greens MP Adam Bandt later slammed the comments as "disgusting and vile". Ms Narayanasamy said Mr Dutton was in possession of medical reports "which clearly state Baby Asha's injuries were accidental".
"This family has been in hospital for three weeks surrounded by people trained to pick up any hint of abuse. The only abuse doctors picked up was that the baby was at risk if they were sent back to detention in the care of the minister," they said. They questioned why a response had not been sought from the mother for the media report, adding "these people have been denied fair comment". Greens immigration spokesperson Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said the one person "actively harming children, every single day, is the Immigration Minister Peter Dutton". "The medical report in this case clearly states that there is no evidence the injury was non-accidental. When it comes to who to trust out of Peter Dutton or the medical professionals who are trying to protect children on Nauru, I know who I'll back every time," they said. The government maintains it has dramatically reduced the number of children in immigration detention, and that its tough border policies have prevented asylum seeker deaths at sea.
Wireless communication between Arduinos is getting cheaper and easier as the days pass. Flutter makes integrating wireless connection into your projects cheaper and easier than ever.
The USP of Flutter (apart from the low cost) is the range that it can achieve. Half a mile, or 1km for you metric heads, is a considerable distance when compared to ordinary Wi-Fi's maximum distance of about 300 feet (~100m). Couple this with Flutter's “Mesh Networking” (sending data through multiple devices) and you get some real long range communication possibilities.
There are 2 versions in development: Flutter Basic ($20) and Flutter Pro ($30). The Pro version adds battery charging, a screw mount antenna, and more memory to store your code (the Flutter Basic is still in development however).
So you are not left hanging with just a board, Flutter also has 4 shields available to get you up and running. Each board comes with a breakout board included, so you can create a permanent project, yet still be able to remove the Flutter if you need it elsewhere. There is also an RC shield for remote control cars, a network shield for you to connect to the web via Ethernet or Wi-Fi, and a Bluetooth shield so you can easily connect to your phone.
The Flutter developers have also addressed the issue of security with their own cryptographic system built into both the hardware and software.
To make Flutter as secure as possible, we're building in special cryptographic hardware and integrating cryptography into every layer of the software, giving the user ultimate control over who can and cannot communicate with their devices. In addition to software for handling encryption and decryption of data, flutter uses the cryptographic chip as the hardware element of the security system. Built specifically for use in high security applications, the Atmel ATSHA204 is based around secure storage for protecting your encryption keys.
As with all things based on Arduino, and most Kickstarter projects, the entire project will be open source, allowing you to delve and hack as deep as you want. You can donate to help them reach their $80,000 target, and a $30 pledge will get US backers a Flutter Basic delivered to their door (albeit next April).
EDIT:
The campain has ended, and shipping will start any day.
Adam RogersI am the the founder and editor of Codeduino. I'm a developer by trade, and a maker by night. I've been 'making' ever since being introduced to Arduino at university - my final year project was an Ableton Live controller based on Arduino.
SHARE THIS
Final update to this historic post, just to make it official :
BREXIT VOTE-LEAVE HAS WON MORE THAN 16.784 MLN VOTES, ENOUGH TO GUARANTEE VICTORY IN EU REFERENDUM - BBC FIGURES
* * *
Update 12:15 PM - Turmoil...
Dow Futures are down 800 points from the post-close highs...
As Cable crashes to 30 year lows...
And Treasury yields crash to 2016 lows...
This is the 2nd biggest percentage drop in 10Y Yields ever...
Update 11:50 PM: And now comes the global market panic:
S&P 500 FUTURES TUMBLE 4.5 PERCENT, DOWN 99 POINTS
GOLD 1350
TREASURIES EXTEND GAIN; 10-YEAR YIELD DROPS BELOW 1.50%, 12 BPS FROM ALL-TIME LOW
JAPAN'S 10-YEAR YIELD FALLS TO RECORD MINUS 0.215%
CIRCUIT BREAKER KICKS IN FOR NIKKEI FUTURES, TRADING HALTED FOR 10 MINS FOR JAPAN STOCK FUTURES
INDIA RBI SAID TO SELL DOLLARS TO CURB RUPEE'S DROP: TRADERS
EUR/CHF EXTENDS DROP BELOW 1.0700, FIRST TIME SINCE AUG. 2015
* * *
Update 11:38 PM: According to ITV, it's all over: Leave has won the referendum.
ITV News says Leave to win the EU referendum #EURef https://t.co/yNt4vR2LRH pic.twitter.com/JzuzRo6Oeb — ITV News (@itvnews) June 24, 2016
And BBC and Sky both just called it too. And now, the crying begins.
* * *
Update 11:21 PM: ITV's latest odds for a Leave victory rise to 85%
* * *
Update 11:17 PM: With two thirds of areas reporting, Leave has the lead with 51.5% of the vote, or 10,996,500 to 10,363,816
* * *
Update 11:15 PM: the panic goes global. Nikkei just reported that at 13:15 local time, Japan's finmin Taro Aso will hold a press conference:
Update 11:00 PM: Unprecedented moves in markets as the POUND DROPS TO The LOWEST LEVEL SINCE 1985
* * *
Update 10:56 PM: Every safe haven is being aggressively bid, even the one which until yesterday was left for dead. Yes, bitcoin is soaring,
* * *
Update 10:52 PM: And now China is starting to turmoil, with the USDCNH soaring to 6.63, while the onshore Yuan is crashing to the lowest level since January 2011.
* * *
Update 10:50 PM: Central Banks and finance officials are starting to panic
ASAKAWA: WILL SPEAK TO MINISTER, TAKE NECESSARY STEPS
* * *
Update 10:41PM : ITV the latest odd for Leave: 80%
Markets are Turmoiling...biggest yield collapse in 5Y
erasing all post-Cox losses...
As Cable drops to 7 year lows...
And USDJPY has crashed to a 99 handle!!!! NKY is down 1800points...
* * *
Update 10.32: The latest total count:
LEAVE: 6,947,780
REMAIN: 6,581,905
These puts leave in the lead with 51.3% of the vote
This is the biggest single-day drop in Cable...ever
Update 10:27PM: And another city that was supposed to be solidly in the Remain camp, Sheffield, has just turned to Leave:
LEAVE: 136,018
REMAIN: 130,735
Markets just took another leg down... Cable is down almost 6%
And the collapse contagion is spreading...NKY down 1000 points
* * *
Update 10:17 PM: ITV reporting that Leave probability odds are now 75%
ITV NEWS RESULTS ANALYSIS: 75% PROBABILITY OF LEAVE TO WIN
While Ladbrokes once again has Leave favorite at 4/6 with Remain 11/10
* * *
Update: 10:11 PM: Odds of "Remain" plunge to zero...
* * *
Update 9:53 PM: Leave has regained the total lead with some 50.2% of the vote, or 3,453,618 vs 3,420,957
* * *
All major "risk-on" markets have collapsed back to the "Jo Cox" death lows...
Dow Futures initial drop was 550 points...
And post-US-Close, things are not panning out for the "everything is awesome" crowd...
* * *
Update 9:40 PM: The selling panic has moderated somewhat as the vote tally moves to the south, and after Remain has regained a modest lead of 51.1%. One can see it in sterling, which has rebounded 500 pips off the lows:
* * *
Update 9:34 PM: The latest total:
U.K. VOTES: REMAIN 50.7% LEAVE 49.3% AFTER 64 OF 382 DECLARE:PA
Or, as some called it, on a knife's edge
* * *
Update 9:28 PM: After a solid win for Remain in Glasgow, where it got 66.6% of the vote, Leave's odds have declined somewhat to Even vs 8/11 for remain.
* * *
Update 9:13 PM: And just like that Leave is now the bookies favorite, with 7/4 odds to Leave and 2/5 odds to Stay, or just over 70%
* * *
Update 9:10 PM: Another big dtop for Sterling, which is plunging following news that Swansea, where Remain was expected to win, has instead lost 51.5% 48.%. And cable crashes.
And now chaos everywhere, as S&P futures tumble 2.5%, FTSE is plunging, the USD is surging 1.1%, Gold is up nearly $30 and so on
* * *
Update 9:01 PM; The Latest Ladbrokes figures are shocking:
4/6 REMAIN;
11/10 LEAVE
This means Leave is almost 50% odds now, after being 11% earlier today.
* * *
Update 8:56 PM: The City of London just voted and here is the result
Remain: 78.3% (3,912)
Leave: 21.7% (1,087)
Update 8:26 PM: Some more votes from secondary cities:
Kettering:
Remain: 39.0%
Leave: 61.0%
Lagan Valley:
Remain: 46.9%
Leave: 53.1%
Dundee City:
Remain: 59.8%
Leave: 40.2%
South Tyneside:
Remain: 38.0%
Remain: 38.0% Leave: 62.0%
West Dunbartonshire:
Remain: 62.0%
Leave: 38.0%
* * *
Update 8:14 PM: Just a comic interlude this time, but it appears that none other than Lindsay Lohan is also fascinated by what will happen to Brexit tonight:
#REMAIN Sorry, but #KETTERING where are you&why is this woman @BBCNews speaking on people rather than TELLING us what happens if UK LEAVES? — Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan) June 24, 2016
* * *
Update 7:55 PM: Swindon is the next big city, and as expected, the Leave campaign won by a 10% lead, 55% to 45%, roughly in line with what was expected. Markets roughly unchanged following these news, with GBPUSD in the mid-1.45 and ES futures -9 to 2097.
* * *
Update 7:20 PM The Sunderland results are in and it's a Leave tsunami with Leave crushing Remain in a 61% to 39% vote
Remain: 51,930, or 39%
Leave 82,394, or 61%
Following the news Sterling imploded, plunging an unprecedented 700 pips from its highs of 1.50, dropping as much as 1.43 before rebounding modestly.
Ladbrokes odds jumped to 38% for Leave on the news after hitting 11% earlier in the day.
* * *
Update 7:13 PM: Suddenly Leave odds are surging
And just like that, Leave's odds have more than doubled:
Update 7:00 PM: And a shocker already from Newcastle. As we noted earlier, Newcastle was supposed to have a comfortable 12 point leads for Remain. However, moments ago the official results came out and while Remain did in fact vote for Remain, it won by the smallest possible margin with 51% voting to Remain and 49% voting to Leave, or 65,404 REMAIN vs 63,598 LEAVE.
As noted, this was a far smaller victory than expected, and as a result Sterling has tumbled nearly 200 pips from the session highs, and has wiped out all intraday gains.
* * *
Until this point, it was all polling, hearsay, speculation and rumors. Now, we finally have the first official results. We will update this post with incremental data as long as a clear picture emerges.
The first official result, Gibraltar, has been a whopping victory for Remain with 19,322 voting to Remain and only 823 to leave.
Some additional details from the BBC:
Gibraltar 19,322 for Remain, just 824 for Leave - not a surprise but a whopping — Laura Kuenssberg (@bbclaurak) June 23, 2016
Sources suggesting Sunderland might be as high as 62% for Leave, that would be quite something — Laura Kuenssberg (@bbclaurak) June 23, 2016
Gibraltar 19,322 for Remain, just 824 for Leave - not a surprise but a whopping — Laura Kuenssberg (@bbclaurak) June 23, 2016
However a small hiccup may have emerged in the expected Bremain steamrolling, when moments ago the BBC said that Newcastle is shaping up as a marginal win for Remain, which as BBC adds appears to be worse than expected based on initial polls which had suggested a far stronger showing for Remain.
And the biggest surprise: moments ago Opinium may have flipped everything on its head when moments ago it reported that Leave is 45% and Remain is 44%:
Too close to call in final #EUref poll: Leave 45% Remain 44%. Everything rests on 9% still undecided. [sample:3,000] Result clear by 7am. — Opinium Research (@OpiniumResearch) June 23, 2016
Sterling has lost 100 pips on the news, and ES was now only up 4.5 on the session.
* * *
Continuing coverage
Ok, so the title may be a bit misleading. I don't know that I'd go so far as to say that Iseeing my little guy in the throes of misery - crying, kicking, and screaming their frustrations out, all at the same time. Especially if we happen to be in public. Like many parents, I would consider my child having a mega meltdown in a supermarket aisle to be a low point of motherhood. However, I have come to realize that tantrums provide me with unique and often exhilarating opportunities as a mother. I have begun to really cherish them. Let me explain.Parenting a toddler is tough. There are so many conflicting ideas at play. Their lack of understanding of danger and consequence vs. our need to keep them safe; their affinity for exploration vs. our fear of severe injury or property damage; their intense desire to have things their way vs. our desire for the exact same thing. I find it is a constant tug of war, seeing how much rope I can allow them to have before I need to yank them back in my direction. Finding the balance is always a struggle and I often feel like we are stuck in this cycle of battles. Nearly every attempt to play together gets thwarted by something. Sometimes it's their inability to sit for more than a few minutes at a time, other times their unwillingness to actually learn the rules of a game. I'm more than happy to make things up as we go along (and some of our most successful activities are ones that evolve out of nowhere), but it often feels like we aren't having as much fun as we used to.A lot of it has to do with the tantrums. Inevitably, when my son and I are playing together, something will happen to set off a fit. The other day we were just sitting down to play a game of memory when they asked me to a refill their bowl of Cheerios. I told them they could absolutely have more if they ran into the other room and brought me the bowl they had been using. They categorically refused, shrieking and crying that I had to go get it. The hardest part for me is that I am regularly caught off guard. Sometimes I can make a request like this one and they will say "sure, Mommy," and without missing a beat he's off to the other room. It's tough to know when something is about to happen because their reactions are so inconsistent. In this instance, they cried for a while until they decided it was more important to have the Cheerios and they went to get the bowl. The point, however, is that it is not uncommon for things like this to derail our fun time together.The question is, how can I get us past the tantrums and back to a place where we can have some fun? I started thinking about these tantrums and the most effective ways to help them through them. What I have come to understand over the months is that my son (and I recognize this is not something that will work for everyone) responds incredibly well to being distracted. The sillier the distraction, the more successful it tends to be. I've begun getting completely ridiculous with my son whenever they get into an irrational place. And you know what has happened? We've started laughingWe don't need to get past the tantrum so we can get back to having fun because getting past the tantrum is fun in itself.I suddenly find myself in a constant state of creativity. How can I make this child happy again? I pull from songs and books and movies they love. I sing lyrics incorrectly, I mix up characters and family members, I quote books with absurd accents. These tantrums have presented me with a chance to regularly challenge myself to connect with him. They send them to a place where they are irrational and unreachable and I have the tools to bring them back. The emotions of a 3-year-old are so fluid, they can go from misery to giggly in a matter of moments.Toddler tantrums have the ability to send us spiraling into a bad place. They are loud and often ridiculous and incredibly frustrating. My knee-jerk reaction was (and still is) to get angry, but I've learned that it mostly just escalates things (doesn't anger always?). One day I do hope that the tantrums subside, but for now, while this behavior is age-appropriate and expected, I'm enjoying the fun it's afforded us.
Migrants to the UK must be taught to understand British things like queuing and being nice, according to the government's integration adviser.
Dame Louise Casey told the Communities and Local Government Select Committee on Monday that too many migrants had not grasped the basic tenets of British life.
Queuing properly, adopting British ‘niceness' and knowing when to put the rubbish out were among the qualities that ought to be promoted, they said.
Read more
Casey, who has led an 18-month review on integration, has previously called for migrants to be made to swear an oath of allegiance upon arrival.
“I thought it was interesting that they said that nobody had talked to them about our way of life here, about when to put rubbish out,” Casey told the committee.
“Nobody told them to queue, nobody told them to be nice, all those sorts of things. We hadn't been on it and I think as part of the package that would be no bad thing.
“What is clear is that we ought to be more on integration, we should have been and we need to be.”
Casey insisted that migration was not a “two-way street” and argued that this approach was just “a sound bite that people like to say.”
They likened the process of integration to a motorway slip road which requires those coming in to give more than they take.
“There is more give on one side and more take on the other and that's where we have successively made a mistake, which is where we've not been honest about that.”
In their report, which was published in December, it was argued that British Muslims “are increasingly identifying with a global Muslim ‘ummah' [community] rather than their adoptive country.”
The study warned that this could allow “regressive and socially conservative versions of Islam” to flourish and is only discussed among “Islamophobic hate mongers on the far right.”
Wisconsin's election commission said on Friday it had received petitions for a recount of votes in the presidential election from the Green Party campaign and another candidate and was planning to start the process.
The recount process, including an examination by hand of the nearly 3 million ballots tabulated in Wisconsin, is expected to begin late next week after Green Party candidate Jill Stein's campaign has paid the required fee, the Elections Commission said.
"The Commission is preparing to move forward with a statewide recount of votes for President of the United States, as requested by these candidates," Commission Administrator Michael Haas said in a statement.
The move follows comments by Jill Stein, Green Party presidential candidate, earlier on Friday that their push for election recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania was aimed at assessing the integrity of the US voting system, not at undermining Republican Donald Trump's White House victory.
Victories in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton would have won them enough electoral votes to win the election.
While Ms Stein's effort this week may have spurred hope among disappointed supporters of Mrs Clinton, the chances of such recounts overturning the overall result from the November 8 election are extremely slim, given Mr Trump's margins of victory in the three states.
As Alabama's Bo Scarbrough broke Washington's spirit with this 68-yard touchdown run, there's only one thing I could think about.
Scarbrough's Peach Bowl introduction looked a lot like that of a young Derrick Henry shredding Oklahoma in the 2013 season's Sugar Bowl against Oklahoma.
Scarbrough's Peach line: 19 carries for 184 yards, two touchdowns.
Henry's Sugar line three years ago: eight for 100, one TD.
Bo Scarbrough gained 120 yards after contact, the most yards after contact for any Alabama player in the last 5 seasons per @ESPNStatsInfo — Cole Cubelic (@colecubelic) January 1, 2017
Much like I did that night after New Year's 2014, I similarly picked my jaw off the floor after watching Scarbrough run through and then away from defenders. The power is the obvious trait (I mean, look at the guy.) But there's more there.
What should terrify us is the class of athlete Henry and Scarbrough embody. Scarborough's listed vitals are 6'2 and 228 pounds. Henry's while with the Tide were 6'3 and 241 in 2015. There is a violence to their styles, yes, but there is a relative smoothness to their acceleration and speed. I think Henry's got a touch more top-end speed, but I wouldn't want to try to chase either down as a defender.
During the Peach Bowl, real recognized real.
LET BO LOOSE !!!! — Derrick Henry  (@KingHenry_2) December 31, 2016
Even more than what they do on the field, the mental aspect of what Henry could do then and what Scarbrough could do now is important. Just like Henry wasn't in that Sugar Bowl, Scarbrough is not Alabama's main running back — yet. But they certainly looked ready to be the guy, and he'll vacuum up offseason hype. Also, they did this so they should be halfway to the Hall of Fame in my opinion.
This semifinal Scarbrough performance, as well as whatever they do in the national title game, is just a teaser trailer for what's next. They were fourth in carries on Bama's roster this season coming into the game, but they have rushed more times in the last three games than Damien Harris, who started the year as Bama's RB1, and who is still listed as such on the team's depth chart.
But there's another level to this
Even though it could be Scarbrough's show next year as the feature running back, he'll be in conjunction with QB Jalen Hurts and Harris. With Hurts' skill set, Scarbrough won't be asked to run the ball 30 times a game, which means Alabama has a true Ghidorah monster in its backfield.
Oh, and Bama's slated to bring in the No. 1 recruit in the nation, Najee Harris, for next season. He's a running back, too.
Neurogender
Meaning Related identities None Popularity Almost not used (0.10%) Pride gallery Go to gallery
Neurogender is an umbrella term to describe when someone's gender is somehow linked to their neurotype, mental illness, or neurological conditions. There are many different neurogenders related to most, if not all, neurodivergencies. Not everyone who is neurodivergent has a neurogender, but each neurogender is exclusive to certain neurotypes. Oftentimes there are similar terms available to neurotypicals who have similar experiences and don't wish to appropriate.
List of Neurogenders [ edit | edit source ]
There are many kinds of neurogenders, some of which are only for people with certain neurotypes. This list is in alphabetical order.
[1] The flag design was created to represent fluctuating moods (yellow (happy/manic) to blue (sad/depressed) and yellow to red (anger). Affectugender flag created by Kiloueka.The flag design was created to represent fluctuating moods (yellow (happy/manic) to blue (sad/depressed) and yellow to red (anger).
Affectugender (coined by witchtao[2]) is defined as a gender that is affected by one's neurodivergency especially fluctuating moods, e.g. feeling like a boy during depressive episodes and feeling more like a demigirl during happy/manic episodes. This is under the neurogender and xenogender umbrella categories of gender.
Keywords: Depression, mood disorders, bipolar, BPD
Anxiegender: A gender affected by anxiety. Keywords: Anxiety
Autigender or Autismgender (coined by autismgender and esperancegirl) is defined as "autism as part or whole of gender identity; a gender that can only be understood in context of being autistic;" when your gender experience is influenced by or linked to your autism, or your understanding of the concept of gender itself is fundamentally altered by your autism.
Similar or related: fascigender
Alternate
Bordergender or Borderfluid (coined by izayaorihahaha[5]) is defined as a fluctuating gender experienced exclusively by people with BPD. A gender identity lacking a firm grasp on ones identity, while still experiencing gender, to varying degrees, but having trouble pinning it down to just one label or identity. Having the sense of grasping at labels as much as possible to describe a gender we keep questioning because we keep second guessing our sense of selves and, consequentially, our sense of gender.
[6] The flag design was created to look like the colors representing certain genders were being "cut out" by the gray bars. Caedogender flag created by Kiloueka.The flag design was created to look like the colors representing certain genders were being "cut out" by the gray bars.
Caedogender, or Caedgender is defined as a gender which has been “cut away” by a traumatic event. A gender that was once felt but has been damaged or lost due to trauma.
Keywords: PTSD, trauma
Caedogirl or Caedgirl
Caedoboy or Caedboy
Alternate
Cavusgender is defined as a gender for people with depression. You feel one gender when not depressed and another when depressed. The gender felt whilst depressed can be attached as a suffix (eg cavusboy, cavusgirl, cavusnonbinary, cavusace.)
Flag
Alternate
Cloudgender is defined as a gender which cannot be fully realized or seen clearly due to depersonalization/derealization disorder. This is a kind of neurogender.
Keywords: depersonalization, derealization
Commogender (coined by transmomoi[8]) is defined as a feeling that one is definitely not cisgender, but is unable to define what their gender is due to mental exhaustion. May be used as commoboy/commogirl if the person identifies with a binary gender for convenience.
Keywords: stress, exhaustion
Commogirl flag created by pride-flags-for-us. [9]
Commoboy
Corugender
Corugender or Flashgender (coined by gmaora[10]) is defined as a gender identity that changes during and around flashbacks.
Keywords: PTSD, flashbacks
Corugirl
Coruboy
Cyclogender: Describes a bipolar person whose gender identity is tied to what type of episode (manic, hypomanic, depressive, mixed, etc.) they are experiencing at that moment. Keywords: Bipolar
Divigender: A feeling that one's gender is split or divided due to a dissociative disorder. Keywords: DID, dissociation
Endospectrum: (coined by Dawning) A person whose experience of any or all areas of gender, orientation, any kind of attraction, or expression is in some way and to some degree formed or influenced by their being somewhere on the autism spectrum (Aspergers/Aspie, ASD, etc)
Fascigender (coined by autisticjakeenglish[12]) is defined as a gender experience largely related to an autistic special interest.
Keywords: autism, Asperger's syndrome
[13] The flag design was created to resemble fog masking over the colors representing certain genders. Foggender flags created by Kiloueka.The flag design was created to resemble fog masking over the colors representing certain genders.
Foggender (coined by autisticlynx[14]) is defined as a gender which is close to a certain gender, but cannot be directly pinpointed due to brainfog (a lack of concentration or wakefulness associated with ADHD, fibromyalgia, depression, etc.) Foggender is a kind of neurogender.
Keywords: Brainfog, ADHD, depression, bipolar, fibromyalgia
Foggirl
Fogboy
Fogfluid
Genderanxious: A gender that is undefined because the act of finding a label, or of having a gender, is a trigger for anxiety. Keywords: Anxiety
Genderdisordered: A gender that is heavily influenced by, or unable to be defined because of disorganized thinking or a thought disorder.
Genderfake: Feeling that your gender is part of your hallucinations or delusions. Keywords: Schizophrenia, delusion, hallucination,
Gendermute. A label for selectively mute people, which describes a gender that can only be expressed at certain times, in safe environments. Keywords: Selective mutism, autism,
Genderwhat. Being unable to understand the concept of gender or of having a gender due to neurodivergence.
[15] The graphic on the flag was designed to look like the famous rabbit/duck illusion. Illusogender flag created by Kiloueka and funCatty.The graphic on the flag was designed to look like the famous rabbit/duck illusion.
Illusogender. Coined by anonymous. When you know you're a certain gender, but there's still the feeling of ‘fakeness' there, either due to neurodivergency and/or due to outside pressure from parents, society, etc. These feelings and/or pressures can be part of the gender experience.
Alternative Illusogender
Illusogirl
Alternative Illusogirl
Illusoboy
Alternative Illusoboy
imnigender A gender defined by anxiety. Not “your gender makes you anxious” so much as “anxiety is your gender”. Keywords: Anxiety
kynigender: A gender which is not able to be pinpointed due to the stress of the questioning process, triggering anxiety. Keywords: Anxiety, stress
lipsigender A gender which, when thought about, triggers bouts of depression. Keywords: Depression, bipolar
[16] The stripe meanings are: Blue: Masculinity, Purple: Nonbinary, Pink: Femininity, White: Lack of gender , The circle in the middle represents one's “core” gender. The stripes are vertical and mirrored to represent the mirroring aspect of ludogender. Ludogender flag created by pridearchive.The stripe meanings are:Masculinity,Nonbinary,Femininity,Lack of gender , The circle in the middle represents one's “core” gender. The stripes are vertical and mirrored to represent the mirroring aspect of ludogender.
Ludogender (coined by anonymous) is defined as a gender which has a core, but the individual mirrors (copies) the genders of other individuals. A neurodivergent only gender.
Ludogirl
Ludoboy
maestusgender: In which the individual's brain chemical imbalance obscures, masks, or otherwise distorts their self perception and stunts their ability to determine gender identity.
[17] The flag design was created to resemble a narcissus flower aka a daffodil. Narkissisgender flag created by Kiloueka.The flag design was created to resemble a narcissus flower aka a daffodil.
narkissisgender (coined by furryhell) is defined as an egotistical gender, viewing itself in a high position and wanting and/or needing praise. should only be used by those who have narcissistic personality disorder. "Gender" can be replaced with fluid, boy, girl, xirl, boi, nonbinary, enby, nb, etc. The synonym of this word that can be used by people who don't have narcissistic personality disorder is egoisgender.
Keywords: Narcissism, NPD
[18] The flag design was created with mint green colors to represent neurodivergency and the circle in the center is meant to place other flags inside. Nesciogender or Nesciōgender flag created by crypticprinxe.The flag design was created with mint green colors to represent neurodivergency and the circle in the center is meant to place other flags inside.
nesciogender or nesciōgender (coined by princetzimisce[19]) is defined as a gender one is not completely sure of due to one's neurotype disallowing a clear understanding of the concept, but has a vague sense of what it could be; i.e. nescioboy, nescioagender, etc.
nologender or nōlōgender: A term for neurodivergent people who have difficulty grasping the concept of gender. Distinct from nesciōgender in that the individual has no particular desire to investigate their gender, as doing so is overly difficult due to their inability to understand the concept of gender.
OC-Gender, O-Gender, or C-Gender: A set of gender identities that are heavily influenced or defined by one's OCD. The variations describe a feeling that one's gender is influenced or defined by obsessions only, by compulsions only, or by both obsessions and compulsions. Keywords: OCD, OCPD
pendogender is defined as never being satisfied with your gender no matter how well it fits due to self-doubt, causing one to compulsively search and seek out something that fits even better. Gender perfectionism. For neurodivergent folks only, coined with people with anxiety disorders, OCD, and OCPD in mind.
Keywords: OCD, OCPD, anxiety
posigender or negagender: A feeling that one's gender is defined by or influenced by positive (posigender) or negative (negagender) symptoms of their schizophrenia. Keywords: Schizophrenia
skhizeingender A gender that is strongly connected to schizophrenia, or having a gender that is difficult to describe or communicate because of being schizophrenic. This term is exclusive to individuals with schizophrenia or schizophrenia related symptoms. Pronounced: sk-heez-ein-gender Keywords: Schizophrenia
systemgender A gender which is defined as a sum of all the genders within a multiple or median system. A nonbinary gender experienced by members of a multiple and/or median system. Other systems can also come up with names. (i.e. headmates all have different nonbinary genders but are looking for something to describe the gender of the system as a whole.) Keywords: DID, multiples,
systemfluid Genders that change depending on who's fronting. Keywords: DID, multiples
traumatagender, traumatgender, trautgender, or trauatgender. (Coined by furryhell). A gender that varies; it can change a lot, it could be unknown, it could just be there, it could be nonexistent, etc. Whatever it is, it was based from intense trauma. Should only be used by those who have experienced or are going through what they consider intense trauma. Keywords: PTSD, trauma
[21] Vaguegender flags created by neurodivergentkin and strangledlove.
vaguegender, or gendervague (coined by neurodivergentkin and strangledlove[22]) is defined as a gender identity that is highly influenced by being neurodivergent, and feels undefinable or partly definable because of one's neurodivergence.
Vagueflux: A gender which is in flux, but determining the intensity of one's gender is difficult due to neurodivergency.
Vaguefluid: A gender which is fluid, but determining one's current gender is difficult due to neurodivergency.
Vaguegirl
Vagueboy
[23] The meaning of the flag colors are: Red: To symbolise the stress/difficulty in having a gender, White: An amalgamation of all genders Black: Genderlessness. The red stripes lighten as one goes down the flag to symbolise how one's stress is causing their gender to get weaker and weaker until it goes to white and the individual is relieved of the stress of keeping up with one's gender. The white transitions to grey and then to black to symbolise the complete lack of gender. Virgender flag created by pridearchive.The meaning of the flag colors are:To symbolise the stress/difficulty in having a gender,An amalgamation of all gendersGenderlessness. The red stripes lighten as one goes down the flag to symbolise how one's stress is causing their gender to get weaker and weaker until it goes to white and the individual is relieved of the stress of keeping up with one's gender. The white transitions to grey and then to black to symbolise the complete lack of gender.
Alternate
Virgender (coined by stevenuniversequartz[24]) is defined as a gender identity that is practically and particularly genderless. This usually happens when it is too stressful or difficult to have a gender. A gender identity that feels weakened by stress, to the point where one is nearly genderless.
The prefix comes from the constellation Virgo, the maiden.
Xumgender (coined by ademcshades[27]) is defined as never being satisfied with your gender due to constant self-doubt or identity issues, causing one to compulsively search and seek out something that fits as perfect as possible–to find “the gender” or “the one truth”–though one will never be found due to one's neurotype, because words will never be able to describe it, and/or its own properties paradox itself. This frequent anxiety and doubt even causes this gender to feel imperfect to the individual.
Keywords: Anxiety, OCD, OCPD
Before you buy that shirt…
We have been experiencing a serious uptick in copyright violations recently, specifically in advertisements from “Fans of…” Facebook pages.
In the past couple of weeks, I've been playing whack-a-mole with a Dark Tower “community” that has been ripping off Michael Whelan's KA symbol. I suspect this is the same group of thieves I had banned from Facebook last year for rampant copyright violation.
The ads in question are for t-shirts, mugs, etc printed almost exclusively through Teechip, a campaign driven t-shirt printer that has a disturbing number of alternatively branded websites out there.
If you see a Michael Whelan product that doesn't look legitimate, please let us know and we can confirm whether the product has been properly licensed. We have a lot of fans doing this already and the extra eyes help enormously.
Was your artwork ripped off?
If you are an artist with a similar experience, please reach out and share the details of the copyright infringement.
I'm trying to open a dialogue with Facebook's intellectual property department to see if we can find a better way to protect artist rights on social media. The more evidence I have, the easier it will be to get their attention.
This is something I'm doing on my own time as a fan, and I'm happy to share my experience to help others navigate the process.
Signal boost please. Thank you!
Mike Jackson
webmaster@michaelwhelan.com
P.S. If you see a cool shirt out there, find out who the artist is. Then you can make sure you're supporting their work.
Share. The pair will lend their voices to Leonardo & Master Splinter. The pair will lend their voices to Leonardo & Master Splinter.
Johnny Knoxville and Tony Shalhoub (Monk, Men in Black, Galaxy Quest) are lending their voices to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie.
According to Deadline, Knoxville will voice Turtle leader Leonardo, and Shalhoub will bring gravitas to Master Splinter. While Pete Ploszek and Danny Woodburn played Leo and Splinter respectively during principal photography, Deadline reports that the filmmakers were always open to changing the voices of the characters and the actor's contracts only guaranteed their physical performances.
The Michael Bay-produced, Jonathan Liebesman-directed movie is currently undergoing re-shoots, and is due in theaters August 8.
Exit Theatre Mode
Lucy O'Brien is Entertainment Editor at IGN AU. Follow their ramblings on IGN or Twitter.
Chinese-run copper mining companies in Zambia routinely violate labor laws and regulations intended to protect workers' safety and their right to organize, according to a report released Thursday by Human Rights Watch.
The report, entitled “‘You'll Be Fired If You Refuse': Labor Abuses in Zambia's Chinese State-Owned Copper Mines,” describes abusive employment conditions at four Chinese-run mines, including substandard health and safety conditions, 12- to 18-hour shifts of strenous labor, and anti-union activities.
According to Human Rights Watch, the violations were documented between November 2010 and July 2011 and drawn from interviews with more than 170 mine workers, including 95 from the four Chinese-run companies and 48 from other multinational copper mining operations. The Chinese companies are subsidiaries of China Non-Ferrous Metals Mining Corp., a state-owned enterprise, the rights advocacy group said.
An underground miner at Non-Ferrous China Africa, the longest-operating Chinese-owned copper mine in Zambia, told Human Rights Watch that workers were often forced to continue with their tasks even when faced with a dangerous situation.
Last Of Us 2 Is On Ice Now By William Usher Random Article Blend The Last of Us, keep hoping. There are no plans right now for a sequel to the critical and commercial first-party success from SCE and Naughty Dog, since the developers are focusing more on the highly anticipated PlayStation 4 adventure-shooter,
When asked about The Last of Us 2, a game that has some feeling like it should happen and others feeling like it should not happen. This is mostly given that the story wrapped itself up quite nicely in the first game and the extra DLC helped flesh out an already engrossing story. According to Druckmann...
“We're 110 percent in Uncharted 4 territory now. Blinders on, make this awesome." … “We totally get it, because we have those same feelings [about The Last of Us] as well," … "We have brainstormed sequel ideas for The Last of Us, and we've brainstormed ideas for new games, but all of that is put on ice right now while we work on Uncharted 4."
It's such a different and shocking thing to know that instead of pursuing a sequel to quickly cash in on the success of the first game, Druckmann and crew are taking it easy and letting the hype foster and build. It's the opposite sort of thing from a company like EA or Activision, who would see the 6 million copies sold – following an initial
A lot of fans would probably prefer if Naughty Dog took their time if they do plan on making a sequel to
Druckmann definitely has their plate full with the penning of the Last of Us film, as well as heading up the direction of
The GameSpot article notes that during the interview the duo of developers is asked if a sequel to The Last of Us could be made without them, and Straley cut in to say...
"I will answer for [Druckmann.] They would not be OK with that."
Just listening to the way Druckmann talks about the game and the creative process, I would easily believe that Straley is right.
Gamers can look forward to If you were hoping for a quick follow-up to the 2013 masterpiece from Naughty Dog,, keep hoping. There are no plans right now for a sequel to the critical and commercial first-party success from SCE and Naughty Dog, since the developers are focusing more on the highly anticipated PlayStation 4 adventure-shooter, Uncharted 4. GameSpot spotted an interview from Game Informer where they managed to get in a word with developers Bruce Straley and Neil Druckmann from Naughty Dog , asking about their current design plans.When asked about, a game that has some feeling like it should happen and others feeling like it should not happen. This is mostly given that the story wrapped itself up quite nicely in the first game and the extra DLC helped flesh out an already engrossing story. According to Druckmann...It's such a different and shocking thing to know that instead of pursuing a sequel to quickly cash in on the success of the first game, Druckmann and crew are taking it easy and letting the hype foster and build. It's the opposite sort of thing from a company like EA or Activision, who would see the 6 million copies sold – following an initial 3.4 million out of the gate – for the first game and instantly greenlight a second game for production; legacy and quality be damned.A lot of fans would probably prefer if Naughty Dog took their time if they do plan on making a sequel to The Last of Us. There are a lot of high hopes in the upcoming Uncharted 4 and most people are expecting the same level of detail and story cohesion that the team brought to the table with their last couple of outings. Already, the game seems to be shaping up quite nicely, with the graphics wowing a lot of gamers and the mix of stealth-oriented gameplay and multiple routes enabling gamers to attack levels with a little less linearity and a bit more ingenuity.Druckmann definitely has their plate full with the penning of thefilm, as well as heading up the direction of Uncharted 4 , which is scheduled to release later this year during the fall.The GameSpot article notes that during the interview the duo of developers is asked if a sequel tocould be made without them, and Straley cut in to say...Just listening to the way Druckmann talks about the game and the creative process, I would easily believe that Straley is right.Gamers can look forward to Uncharted 4 to launch exclusively on the PS4 this fall. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Last year, The Pride Network hosted a day-long event, Students Promoting Equality Action and Knowledge, SPEAK Summit, where a few hundred students gathered to sharpen their leadership skills as LGBTQ young people.
Throughout the day, these young people had the opportunity to select from a variety of workshops ranging from "Starting an LGBT Student Group at Your School" to "Being Out in the Workplace". As expected, most of the workshops were attended by a fair mix of races, genders, and orientations with the exception of the offerings specific to unique experiences. "Being Queer and a Person of Color" and "Navigating College as Trans" attracted those who share similar identities. These audience specific workshops offered spaces that were not only safe but, for many, unique opportunities to experience a real sense of belonging that validated how they move through the world.
What I didn't expect, however, was how the mix of participants broke down within certain workshops. For example, "Identifying an LGBT-Friendly College" was full of LGB students, while "Know Your Rights" was full of Trans students. "LGBT in Politics" and "Sharing Experiences through Writing" were full of LGB students, while "Homelessness in the LGBT Community" was mostly attended by Trans students.
What was it about these workshops that divided LGB and T? The day went on, and the self-selecting process became more and more obvious. It dawned on me. Privilege. This unconscious division revealed the far too often overlooked factor of LGB privilege within the LGBT community.
LGB folk often experience more privilege in their lifetime than Trans people. Trans people face higher rates of unemployment, violence, police brutality, workplace discrimination, and health care discrimination than LGB people. What is clear, however, is not always obvious.
I would like to think most LGB people understand this. The real issue, then, comes down to prioritizing values. Most LGB people have yet to establish a sense of solidarity for people other than those who look and identify similarly to themselves. Trans people have always embraced and celebrated intersectionality, supported LGB people's causes and political battles, and participated conscientiously in our community. But where is our conscience? At the same time, we barely even acknowledge our Trans brothers' and sisters' existence and shamefully ignore important roles they have played in our history and recent milestones.
We, as LGB people, are so undeserving of the strengths Trans people have shared with us. It's time we have some serious conversations as a community about how we support Trans people. And those conversations need to happen with Trans people at the table.
As a community, let's make 2016 the year we proudly make the T in LGBT a priority. We must.
Here are 9 ways, we as LGB people, can be a better Ally to Trans people:
Help your organization become more Trans-inclusive
Get to know a Trans person and connect them with your professional network
Read more Trans-specific articles online and share it with your friends to lift up their voices
Support Statewide Equality organizations that are focusing on Trans issues
Vote for political candidates that express support for Trans issues
Volunteer for a Trans specific organization
Support Youth Trans Programs
Ask about Gender Neutral bathrooms for your workplace
HEART-stopping video has emerged of how close motorists came to becoming victims of the deadly Moscow plane crash.
The incredible video shows how a casual weekend drive could have resulted in catastrophic consequences when a passenger airliner careered off the runway at Russia's third-busiest airport while landing, broke into three pieces and caught fire, killing at least five people.
The driver's camera captures the moment the plane crashes into the highway, and you can even make out one of the plane's wheels hurtling into another vehicle in front.
After a screeching of brakes and loud impact noise, the driver casually brings the car to a halt by the side of the road.
State television news channel Vesti showed a photo of the wrecked plane's fuselage with the livery of the low-cost Russian Red Wings airline. Its nose, including the cockpit area, appeared sheared off.
Russian investigators have blamed a defective brake system for the crash that killed five crew members.
Rescue workers recovered the flight recorders from the four-year-old Tu-204 of tycoon Alexander Lebedev's Red Wings airline late Saturday as Russia began mourning its latest post-Soviet crash fatalities.
"The plane touched down in the proper landing area but for some reason was unable to stop on the strip," Federal Air Transport Agency chief Alexander Neradko said in televised remarks.
"According to preliminary data, the pilots used all the brake systems available on the plane," an unidentified investigator told the Interfax news agency.
"But for some reason, the aircraft failed to stop and continued moving" down the runway. "Most likely, the cause was defective reverse engines or brakes."
Red Wings said a flight attendant died of their injuries yesterday, bringing the toll to five. Three others were recovering in a stable condition.
Greater loss of life was averted only because the 210-seat liner was empty except for the eight crew returning from a charter flight to the Czech Republic.
Mobile phone footage of the accident posted online showed chunks of debris hurtling over the highway and crashing into cars whose drivers had to swerve and make emergency stops.
The jet split into three pieces and required the temporary shutdown of both the Kiev Highway and Vnukovo - Moscow's third largest airport and the site of a special terminal for Kremlin officials.
Red Wings owner Alexander Lebedev - a billionaire famous for their critical view of the Kremlin and their ownership of the London Evening Standard and The Independent in Britain - said the jet had recently passed a meticulous check.
"Plane number 47 had accumulated 8500 flight hours and underwent its last thorough check on November 23," Mr Lebedev said on their Twitter feed.
They also suggested that traffic controllers' initial refusal to authorise landing - requiring the plane to complete several circles over Vnukovo in bad weather - may have been a contributing factor.
"All machinery has its limits, even when it is new," Mr Lebedev wrote.
Russian media said the authorities had concerns about the Tu-204 jet's ability to stop in various weather conditions even before Saturday's crash landing.
They cited a letter sent by the state aviation watchdog Rosaviatsya to the jet's maker on Friday asking about an incident last week in which the engines failed to fire into reverse on landing.
The manoeuvre is required for the plane to slow down quickly upon touchdown.
The russianplanes.net aviation website said the very same jet had suffered an engine failure and was forced to make an emergency landing in June 2009.
It said Mr Lebedev's airline had in fact decided not to order any more Tu-204 planes after the 2009 incident because of the engine problems.
Government officials believe the cause of the crash could be pilot error.
Witnesses said heavy gusts accompanying a light snowfall were swirling over the airport at the time the plane came in for landing on Saturday afternoon.
But on Sunday, a security source said investigators had brushed aside poor weather conditions or pilot error and were focusing on technical problems with the Tupolev as the most likely cause.
"According to preliminary information, the Vnukovo catastrophe may have been caused by problems with the plane, which became exposed in difficult weather conditions," the unnamed official told the Interfax news agency.
The Russian-made Tu-204 jet was flying in from Pardubice, in the Czech Republic after dropping off tourists and then returning to its home Moscow base with just crew on board.
Officials said there were eight people aboard the Tu-204 belonging to Russian airline Red Wings that was flying back from the Czech Republic without passengers to its home at Vnukovo Airport.
Emergency officials said in a televised news conference that four people were killed and another four severely injured when the plane rolled off the runway into a snowy field and partly onto an adjacent highway, then disintegrated.
Russian medics on Sunday began identifying the bodies.
Rescue workers recovered the flight recorders from the four-year-old Tu-204 late on Saturday as Russia began mourning its latest post-Soviet crash.
"The plane touched down in the proper landing area but for some reason was unable to stop on the strip," Federal Air Transport Agency chief Alexander Neradko said in televised remarks.
The plane's impact with the highway embankment sent the severed nose sliding over the icy road while the rest of the jet rested just past the airport's fence - its tail linked to the rest of the body by only a tangle of wreckage.
The plane's cockpit area was sheared off from the fuselage and a large chunk gashed out near the tail.
Russian state television showed live footage of rescuers climbing into the wreck with search lights as night fell over Moscow with the plane still blocking traffic on the busy Kiev Highway.
''According to updated information, four people were killed and four more were injured,'' the interior ministry said in a statement.
A health ministry official said the four survivors were being treated for head injuries at various Moscow hospitals.
The Interfax news agency said both pilots were among the dead.
The crash occurred amid light snow and winds gusting up to 15 metres a second, but other details were not immediately known.
A spokesperson for Russia's top investigative agency, Vladimir Markin, said initial indications were that pilot error was the cause.
But Investigative Committee spokesperson Vladimir Markin said all possible causes were being explored, including pilot error, the weather or a technical malfunction.
Several state media outlets speculated only hours after the incident that something might be wrong with the brake system of the Tu-204 planes.
The state news agency RIA Novosti cited an unidentified official at the Russian Aviation Agency as saying another Red Wings Tu-204 had gone off the runway at the international airport in Novosibirsk in Siberia on December 20.
The agency said that incident, in which no one was injured, was due to the failure of the plane's engines to go into reverse upon landing and that its brake system malfunctioned.
On Friday, the Aviation Agency sent a directive to the Tupolev company's president calling for it to take urgent preventive measures.
They cited a letter sent by the state aviation security watchdog Rosaviatsya to the jet's Tupolev maker on Friday expressing concern over last week's incident.
The manoeuvre is required for the plane to slow down quickly upon touchdown.
Czech officials stressed that the plane was in fine working order when it landed at an airport 100kmeast of Prague earlier in the day.
Vnukovo airport spokesperson Yelena Krylova said it had enough personnel and equipment to keep the runway fully functional on Saturday.
The airport resumed receiving planes after a break of several hours.
Prior to Saturday's crash, there had been no fatal accidents reported for Tu-204s, which entered commercial service in 1995.
The plane is a twin-engine midrange jet with a capacity of about 210 passengers.
Vnukovo, on the southern outskirts of Moscow, is one of the Russian capital's three international airports.
Red Wings - which serves destinations in Russia and abroad as well as offering charter flights - is owned by Russian business person Alexander Lebedev whose assets also include the London Evening Standard and The Independent in Britain.
Red Wings owner Lebedev said the jet had passed a meticulous check in November.
"Plane number 47 had accumulated 8500 flight hours and underwent its last serious check on November 23," Lebedev tweeted.
They also suggested that traffic controllers' initial refusal to authorise landing - requiring the plane to complete several circles over Vnukovo - might have been a contributing factor.
"All machinery has its limits, even when it is new," Lebedev wrote.
Air safety in Russia is a major headache for the authorities following a severe deterioration in the quality of domestic services following the Soviet Union's collapse.
Officials blame most problems on pilot inexperience as well as poor maintenance by small and poorly regulated airlines that sprouted up across Russia in the past two decades.
The images of the stricken plane stranded on the motorway are a major embarrassment for Russia as it seeks to promote an image as a safe country ahead of its hosting of the 2014 Winter Olympics and 2018 World Cup.
The Kremlin said President Vladimir Putin had been personally informed about the accident while Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev ordered an investigation into its causes.
The incident also risks causing travel chaos as Russians depart from the capital in hordes for the country's lengthy New Year holidays.
Flights were diverted for several hours to Moscow's two other major airports after the crash.
The accident came days after all 27 people on board a Kazakh military jet were killed in a crash in the south of the former Soviet Central Asian state.
Last week, the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) sent a fundraising letter to its members calling on them to fight “opponents” such as Creative Commons, falsely claiming that we work to undermine copyright.*
Creative Commons licenses are copyright licenses – plain and simple. Period. CC licenses are legal tools that creators can use to offer certain usage rights to the public, while reserving other rights. Without copyright, these tools don't work. Artists and record labels that want to make their music available to the public for certain uses, like noncommercial sharing or remixing, should consider using CC licenses. Artists and labels that want to reserve all of their copyright rights should absolutely not use CC licenses.
Many musicians, including acts like Nine Inch Nails, Beastie Boys, Youssou N'Dour, Tone, Curt Smith, David Byrne, Radiohead, Yunyu, Kristin Hersh, and Snoop Dogg, have used Creative Commons licenses to share with the public. These musicians aren't looking to stop making money from their music. In fact, many of the artists who use CC licenses are also members of collecting societies, including ASCAP. That's how we first heard about this smear campaign – many musicians that support Creative Commons received the email and forwarded it to us. Some of them even included a donation to Creative Commons.
If you are similarly angered by ASCAP's deceptive tactics, I'm hoping that you can help us by donating to Creative Commons – and sending a message – at this critical time. We don't have lobbyists on the payroll, but with your support we can continue working hard on behalf of creators and consumers alike.
Sincerely,
Eric Steuer
Creative Director, Creative Commons
* For background on ASCAP's anti-Creative Commons fundraising campaign, see Boing Boing, Techdirt, ZeroPaid, and Wired.
Boston's colleges and universities would help keep the Games affordable and compact, bid leaders say. (Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP)
The U.S. Olympic Committee is counting on Boston to do what New York and Chicago could not.
Boston was chosen over Los Angeles, San Francisco and Washington, D.C., on Thursday to represent the U.S. in a bid for the 2024 Olympic Games. The U.S. hasn't hosted an Olympics since the Salt Lake City Winter Games in 2002, and it has been almost 19 years since the Summer Games were here.
"We're excited about our plans to submit a bid for the 2024 Games and feel we have an incredibly strong partner in Boston that will work with us to present a compelling bid," USOC chairperson Larry Probst said in a statement.
Boston enters what is already a competitive field for 2024. Rome announced its intention to try for the games last month, and a German bid from either Berlin or Hamburg is expected. Paris and Istanbul are also expected to enter the race, and South Africa has said it, too, is considering a bid.
But Boston is in a much stronger position than Chicago and New York, both of which lost early in voting for the 2016 and 2012 games. Since Chicago's humiliating, first-ballot exit five years ago, the USOC has worked hard to repair its contentious relationship with the International Olympic Committee.
The USOC is now in such good standing that Probst, who'd only been chairperson for a year before the 2016 vote, is now an IOC member. Several IOC members have been public in their support for a U.S. bid for 2024, and President Thomas Bach had said any of the four American cities would "no doubt present a strong bid."
The IOC will meet with all prospective applicants Oct. 7-9 in Lausanne, Switzerland, and cities will have until Jan. 8, 2016 to submit official bids. The 2024 host will be selected by the IOC in 2017.
"Our goal is to host an Olympic and Paralympic Games that are innovative, walkable and hospitable to all," Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said in a statement. "Boston hopes to welcome the world's greatest athletes to one of the world's great cities."
Boston is one of the United States' most iconic cities, with a rich history that dates back to the colonial days. While that surely appealed to the USOC, so did Boston's compact plan, which will rely heavily on public transit, and large number of existing venues – ideas Bach has championed after the bloated budgets of the Sochi and Rio Olympics.
Boston is home to more than a dozen colleges and universities, and organizers have already said they will have a big role. Archery and fencing, for example, could be held on the MIT campus, while dorms at Boston University and Northeastern could be used for media housing.
Boston also is proposing a "modular" Olympic Stadium. Instead of building a massive stadium that gets little use after the games end, as is typical in many Olympic cities, Boston organizers have said theirs can be repurposed, either reduced in size or dismantled and used at a different site.
London is doing something similar with its Olympic stadium, turning it over to one of the city's soccer teams.
Untitled a guest Nov 2nd, 2017 393 Never a guest393Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.29 KB buttts: @GhostLady HELP US SOLVE THIS Gergiev: @buttts the only solution is the end (Gergiev's name is dark green) GhostLady: hot pockets! Gergiev: the chill of the grave wraps around me like a mantle GhostLady: @TheGoonRecites hiya GhostLady: yeah i love every kind of gross hot pocket GhostLady: toot toot! GhostLady: (lots of phone emojis) Jouglat: hello? Jouglat: hi! Jouglat: is this the war? Witryso: @Gergiev i've had it up to here with your cryptic Lovecraftian BS Gergiev: @Witryso i have fallen as thought from correct stars. produced by need to fulfill a destiny Jouglat: sing me a war song Gergiev: grailmaiden!!! the light of the future!!! the womb that births the world!!! (Courtney and Frank on the screen) Jouglat: yeah! ghost food is delicious! Gergiev: behold the creation of the rebis!!! Jouglat: like blood and dirt Gergiev: i am the enemy of war Jouglat: all soldiers love hot pockets Gergiev: the soldier has been dealt with. they have been my voice crying out to man Gergiev: heh heh heh..... frank........ (during scene with Mailman, Berry, and dead Jouglat) Gergiev: YES! PUNCH ME IN THE MOUTH!!!!!! Gergiev: there is no bad Gergiev: there is only being and nothingness Gergiev: bad.. sin.. temptation... these are all manifestations of the jealousy that nothingness feels for being Gergiev: my ends are not selfish. they are the ultimate mercy RustyBucket977: @Gergiev can you teach me Gergiev: @RustyBucket977 i have been teaching the whole time Gergiev: existence is a textbook Gergiev: behold the bennu risen (swole Jack Mann is on the screen) liveandlearn: @Gergiev what the SHIT did you do to my BOY Gergiev: @liveandlearn i have perfected him. they are primed Gergiev: THE REBIS!!! (Courntey is on screen talking to callers, Berry comes in shortly after) Gergiev: down.... down...... down...... Planarian: @Gergiev are you dead or alive? Gergiev: @Planarian i am formed RustyBucket977: @Gergiev Have you reached the perfect art of alchemy Gergiev: @RustyBucket977 i am the process SkeletmanJo: @Gergiev what do you want us to do? Gergiev: @SkeletmanJo unravels the threads of the tapestry of existence that net me into this terrible being Gergiev: the rebis!!! the panacea!!!! (Courtney and Berry are arguing) Gergiev: lapis exilis!!!! SkeletmanJo: @Gergiev will we still exist if you succeed? Gergiev: @SkeletmanJo do you exist now? Gergiev: row Gergiev: row Gergiev: row the boat Gergiev: gently down the stream (Courtney and Berry still arguing) Jouglat: does anyone have a spare gun? Jouglat: i can't find my gun in my big soldier bag Jouglat: it was at the bottom of my big soldier bag but i keep digging around in there and i can't find it Jouglat: it makes me feels sad Jouglat: but also curious Gergiev: (7 water dripping emojis) (Frank and Gergiev talking in the void) Jouglat: i dumped it out but all that came out were grenades and canteens! GhostLady: take it easy @Jouglat ! Gergiev: (7 water emojis) frank (9 water emojis) (Gergiev telling Frank they drowned him) Gergiev: TANK MANN COMES!!!!!!!!!! (Berry opens the letter with destroyed tape) Gergiev: THE HEAD OF OROBOROS (Jack Mann is talking to Berry and caller) Gergiev: KETU RustyBucket977: @Gergiev You are the concept, how did you can a form? Gergiev: @RustyBucket977 i have coalesced around the sins of mann
RAW Paste Data
buttts: @GhostLady HELP US SOLVE THIS Gergiev: @buttts the only solution is the end (Gergiev's name is dark green) GhostLady: hot pockets! Gergiev: the chill of the grave wraps around me like a mantle GhostLady: @TheGoonRecites hiya GhostLady: yeah i love every kind of gross hot pocket GhostLady: toot toot! GhostLady: (lots of phone emojis) Jouglat: hello? Jouglat: hi! Jouglat: is this the war? Witryso: @Gergiev i've had it up to here with your cryptic Lovecraftian BS Gergiev: @Witryso i have fallen as thought from correct stars. produced by need to fulfill a destiny Jouglat: sing me a war song Gergiev: grailmaiden!!! the light of the future!!! the womb that births the world!!! (Courtney and Frank on the screen) Jouglat: yeah! ghost food is delicious! Gergiev: behold the creation of the rebis!!! Jouglat: like blood and dirt Gergiev: i am the enemy of war Jouglat: all soldiers love hot pockets Gergiev: the soldier has been dealt with. they have been my voice crying out to man Gergiev: heh heh heh..... frank........ (during scene with Mailman, Berry, and dead Jouglat) Gergiev: YES! PUNCH ME IN THE MOUTH!!!!!! Gergiev: there is no bad Gergiev: there is only being and nothingness Gergiev: bad.. sin.. temptation... these are all manifestations of the jealousy that nothingness feels for being Gergiev: my ends are not selfish. they are the ultimate mercy RustyBucket977: @Gergiev can you teach me Gergiev: @RustyBucket977 i have been teaching the whole time Gergiev: existence is a textbook Gergiev: behold the bennu risen (swole Jack Mann is on the screen) liveandlearn: @Gergiev what the SHIT did you do to my BOY Gergiev: @liveandlearn i have perfected him. they are primed Gergiev: THE REBIS!!! (Courntey is on screen talking to callers, Berry comes in shortly after) Gergiev: down.... down...... down...... Planarian: @Gergiev are you dead or alive? Gergiev: @Planarian i am formed RustyBucket977: @Gergiev Have you reached the perfect art of alchemy Gergiev: @RustyBucket977 i am the process SkeletmanJo: @Gergiev what do you want us to do? Gergiev: @SkeletmanJo unravels the threads of the tapestry of existence that net me into this terrible being Gergiev: the rebis!!! the panacea!!!! (Courtney and Berry are arguing) Gergiev: lapis exilis!!!! SkeletmanJo: @Gergiev will we still exist if you succeed? Gergiev: @SkeletmanJo do you exist now? Gergiev: row Gergiev: row Gergiev: row the boat Gergiev: gently down the stream (Courtney and Berry still arguing) Jouglat: does anyone have a spare gun? Jouglat: i can't find my gun in my big soldier bag Jouglat: it was at the bottom of my big soldier bag but i keep digging around in there and i can't find it Jouglat: it makes me feels sad Jouglat: but also curious Gergiev: (7 water dripping emojis) (Frank and Gergiev talking in the void) Jouglat: i dumped it out but all that came out were grenades and canteens! GhostLady: take it easy @Jouglat ! Gergiev: (7 water emojis) frank (9 water emojis) (Gergiev telling Frank they drowned him) Gergiev: TANK MANN COMES!!!!!!!!!! (Berry opens the letter with destroyed tape) Gergiev: THE HEAD OF OROBOROS (Jack Mann is talking to Berry and caller) Gergiev: KETU RustyBucket977: @Gergiev You are the concept, how did you can a form? Gergiev: @RustyBucket977 i have coalesced around the sins of mann
“Spirituality” is a word that causes many people to assume the focus of the coming conversation will be one of a religious context. But I find the word to be broader than that (so does Webster's Dictionary). “Spirituality” in reference to only religion is like implying that to be human requires one to be a theist in an almighty deity. To me, “spirituality” is an impression that interrupts my everyday life and causes me to emit a sense of nirvana that no one can touch or aggravate. Music – more than anything – is a medium capable of implanting spirituality in my soul. However, it takes more than an Album or Song ‘o the Year to achieve this emotion. In actuality, most of the time it's not so much an album alone that purveys this sense of spirituality, but rather a combination of being in the right place, at the right time, and at the right state-of-mind to allow this sensation to take hold. One of those moments for me was my first experience with Bathory‘s Hammerheart.
I began listening to Bathory fifteen years ago. Starting from the beginning with the “Black Metal Trilogy” (Bathory, The Return…, and Under the Sign of the Black Mark), I quickly ventured off into early '90s Norwegian black metal. Sadly, it took me a few years to finally return to the rest of Bathory‘s catalog. I still remember treading through a snow storm one cold evening heading to my favorite record store (I know it sounds dramatic but this really happened). In the warm interior I was astounded to find original copies of Bathory‘s Blood Fire Death and Twilight of the Gods buried deep in the used bin. Of course, I purchased them immediately and headed back through a perfect blizzard to the captivating quest that began with Oden's ride across the sky and finished with a final stand against oppression alongside the warrior's triad of blood, fire, and death. Unfortunately, much like watching the first and last installments of a trilogy, Bathory‘s “Viking Trilogy” lacked a midsection and the gap between the epic “Blood Fire Death” and “Twilight of the Gods.” The itch to complete the story was so strong that I felt both teased and mocked by the fact that Twilight of the Gods closed with the song “Hammerheart.”
When Hammerheart finally arrived in the mail later that week, I was not disappointed. Be it the opening acoustic passages and battle-horn emulated vocals summoning Viking warriors to “Shores in Flames” or the equally epic journey of “One Rode to Asa Bay,” Hammerheart is a quest like none other. Expanding their vocals from clean to cleaner and stretching their definition of “epicness,” Hammerheart stands as one of Quorthon's greatest achievements (and perhaps the reason they considered ending the band upon its conclusion).
Throughout their career, Quorthon constantly evolved and improved their musicianship, songwriting, and vocals. Though some inconsistencies existed in their vocal performances, I find it difficult to imagine anyone else singing these songs. What Quorthon lacked in vocal range, they made up for in passion. Without the desperation and character they convey in songs like the overly addictive “Valhalla,” the beautifully crafted “Song to Hall Up High,” and the anthemic personality of “Home of Once Brave,” it is uncertain if this album had stood the test of time.
Both Blood Fire Death and Hammerheart created Viking metal in its purest form; passionate, binding, powerful, and unforgiving. Numbers like “Baptised in Blood” are addictive enough to provoke a baby to bark out its mighty warrior chant and “Father to Son” stops the needle in its tracks so all listening can pick up the phone and call their pops. Hammerheart pulls from every influence Quorthon ever had and their fervor comes through to a degree most musicians would kill to express. Love them or hate him, Quorthon poured their soul into every release (even Octagon) and left us with aural otherworldliness.
Quorthon composed music for himself; never filling their pockets or allowing it to be corrupted by the masses or records labels. Bathory still burrows to the core and represents the top rung I measure all bands against when it comes to passion and spontaneity. For me, this is spirituality. And, after finishing my first year as a writer for Angry Metal Guy, I am honored to get a chance to shamelessly fanboy the hell out of a great musician and a great album for the the greatest metal blog on the interwebezphere.
David Cameron has been attacked by a cabinet minister who said their 'luxury lifestyle' meant they couldn't understand real people's EU fears over the effects of mass migration.
Employment minister Priti Patel said the Prime Minister and other top Remain campaigners who went to public schools were 'insulated' from how working people felt about immigration.
They don't name Mr Cameron or the Chancellor George Osborne but has made clear their targets in the broadside are the leaders of the Remain side.
The MP for Witham said only a vote to leave the European Union would lead to lowering immigration numbers.
Employment minister Priti Patel said the Prime Minister and other top Remain campaigners who went to public schools were 'insulated' from how working people felt about immigration levels
They don't name Mr Cameron or the Chancellor George Osborne but has made clear their targets in the broadside are the leaders of the Remain side
Speaking to The Telegraph they said: 'It's shameful that those leading the pro-EU campaign fail to care for those who do not have their advantages.
'Their narrow self-interest fails to pay due regard to the interests of the wider public.'
A Downing Street spokesperson said Ms Patel was trying to take voters' attention from the economic consequences of leaving the EU.
Criticism from both the Remain and Leave side has become more personal in recent days with less than a month to go until the referendum on June 23.
This week migration has featured heavily in EU debates.
Net EU migration to the UK reached a record 184,000 during 2015 - against a government target of 'tens of thousands'.
A total of 333,000 more people arrived in the country than left, when also including migrants from outside the EU.
Many in the Leave side think migration is the key to winning the referendum as they look for an advantage to overcome consistent polling which places them behind Remain.
Mr Cameron told Muslim News the language used by the Leave side when describing foreigners was harmful to minority groups.
They said Muslims were offended by claims Turkish criminals and terrorists would come to the UK if the country voted to remain in the EU.
John Whittingdale, Theresa Villiers, Michael Gove, Chris Grayling, Iain Duncan Smith and Priti Patel attend the launch of the Vote Leave campaign at the group's headquarters in central London
Michael Gove warned that David Cameron's 'apocalyptic warnings' on Brexit will harm their credibility if they turn out to be false
Turkey as well as Albania are looking to join the EU which Leave campaigners say would increase migration to the UK.
'Many British Muslims will be offended by the way they are trying to frighten people,' they said.
'I think it's a sign of desperation.'
Ms Patel, who themselves is the daughter of Indian Gujaratis, added: 'For many of those arguing for Remain, the day-to-day consequences of this loss of control are pretty much all gain and no pain: inexpensive domestic help, willing tradesmen and convenient, cheap travel.
'So when Remain campaigners talk about the economy, they don't think about working people's personal finances – the potential hit to their pay packets.'
According the The Telegraph, a Number 10 source said Ms Patel's attack was attempting to take the focus away from economists and experts who back the Remain side.
Tory warfare on Europe has seen new levels of personalised attacks as Brexit heavyweights turned on the Prime Minister with Justice Secretary Michael Gove warning David Cameron's credibility is now on the line.
Boris Johnson addresses members of the public in Parliament St, York during the Brexit Battle Bus tour
Prime Minister David Cameron delivers a speech campaigning to stay in the EU at Luton Airport
The onslaught included Boris Johnson insisting the PM is having a 'corrosive' impact on public trust in politicians.
Tory tensions exploded as Mr Gove told The Sun on Sunday the Prime Minister's 'apocalyptic warnings' on Brexit would test their credibility if they turned out to be false.
The Justice Secretary and Mr Johnson sent a sharply worded joint letter to Mr Cameron accusing them of failing in the renegotiation with Brussels, and urging them to tell the truth about what remaining in the EU would mean for border controls and the power of foreign judges over the UK.
'There is also the basic lack of democratic consent for what is taking place. Voters were promised repeatedly at elections that net migration could be cut to tens of thousands.
'This promise is plainly not achievable as long as the UK is a member of the EU and the failure to keep it is corrosive of public trust in politics,' the letter stated.
David Cameron feeding a lamb, as they and Boris Johnson will appear on the BBC's Countryfile programme
Boris Johnson pictured appearing on the BBC's Countryfile which will be aired on Sunday, May 29
In another dig at the Prime Minister, the Justice Secretary ridiculed Mr Cameron's insistence that Turkey was not set to join the EU, by saying: 'You're having us on.'
Mr Gove indicated this was the latest in a series of 'lies' regarding EU membership.
They told The Sun on Sunday: 'People are fed up with being told, don't worry, this thing isn't going to happen and then they wake up a year or two later and it has.
'They were told in 1975 when we joined the Common Market that it wasn't going to mean anything for our democracy and our Parliament and for all of us. That was a lie. Now we're being told don't worry, Turkey won't join.'
The Justice Secretary also hit back at claims the Leave campaign is fuelled by prejudice.
'When people fling the charge of racism, what they are actually doing is attacking working-class people for wanting to maintain a decent standard of living. I think that's wrong.'
Mr Cameron was cheered by a survey of more than 600 economists who agreed with them that Brexit would damage the UK economy.
Hotel St. Regis Detroit – Hotel Near Downtown Detroit
Welcome to the Hotel St. Regis, the most inviting landmark hotel near downtown Detroit. Among Detroit Hotels, the Hotel St. Regis stands alone with its original stately elegance yet with a modern, more casual style. Delivering an extraordinary level of comfort and convenience is what we promise each of our guests. Few Detroit hotels can rightfully boast of history as rich as ours. The Hotel St. Regis has played host to such diverse and notable travelers as Martin Luther King and Mick Jagger.
​
Located in Detroit's New Center area, one block from the new QLine, the hotel is next to Wayne State University, Henry Ford Hospital, Fisher Theatre, and Cadillac Place – home to many state of Michigan Government offices. Our unique location is minutes from Detroit's major venues including Little Caesars Arena, Comerica Park, Ford Field, and casinos.
Guests of the Hotel St. Regis will enjoy the comfort of one of our 124 stylish guestrooms and suites located in our five story hotel. Each guestroom features inviting decor, cozy bedroom with superior bedding, and elegant marble vanities in each private guestroom bathroom.
​
Our signature on-site restaurant, La Musique, serves an inspired menu in an elegant setting that is the perfect place for cocktails and entertainment. Open every day, come and enjoy our creative cuisine in one of the classic locations in Detroit.
​
When seeking space for meetings, events or weddings, we invite you to rediscover the Hotel St. Regis to host your family and friends. With 5,000 square feet of banquet and meeting space, we can accommodate groups from ten to 300 persons.
​
Guests staying at the Hotel St. Regis Detroit will enjoy the following amenities:
The Rugby Championship is back for 2013. New Zealand, Australia, South Africa and Argentina are going to once again throw themselves into battle, to fight for the honour of being the champion of one of the Southern Hemisphere's greatest challenges. With that in mind, I bring you my preview for the 2013 Rugby Championship:
Australia, as I've indicated previously, have everything to play for, and they will be bringing out the heavy artillery right from the get-go. The Wallabies have the double whammy of not only contesting the Rugby Championship, they're also trying to get back the Bledisloe Cup, which is a separate trophy played concurrently with the series between New Zealand and Australia. The Wallabies have been stung the last 11 years by a brutal and punishing All Blacks attack. This year they bring back Quade Cooper and bring in Israel Folau, two big names that have massive potential to bust the game and the series wide open. Australia are never an easy beat, and with a new coach and a new focus, they are going to be bigger and badder than ever.
South Africa bring their own range of big names to the table, with equally big men to back it up. Jean De Villiers is a formidable captain and a great leader on field. More than that though, South Africa can lay claim to one Bryan Habana, who not only holds South Africa's highest number of tries scored, but also the same record in the Rugby Championship last year. Habana is amazingly fast, and has pitted their speed against a cheetah, and recently a British Airways Airbus A380 (incidentally, they beat the plane…yes, you read that correctly). South Africa, thanks to their Super Rugby franchises, have no end of talent to draw from, and will do so. They have yet to really taste victory at this level and will be hungry, and even more so than Australia, have a point to prove.
Argentina is the perennial dark horses of this competition, and rightly so. This is only the second season Argentina has played the championship, but by no means are they rookies. If I've not made it clear, I actually have a huge amount of admiration for Los Pumas. These guys are still essentially an amateur team, footing it with the big boys, and making a damn good job of it. Watching Argentina play is kind of like watching Brazil play soccer. They're playing for more than just a team, they're playing for a nation, and they're playing for themselves. They're playing because they've worked hard, made it up through the ranks and have earned their jersey. Most of them these days play in regional competitions offshore, in the UK for example, but many still come from provincial Argentina. When Argentina was in New Zealand for the Rugby World Cup they gave a few teams a big shake up with their speed and efficiency, and off the field they won a lot of supporters for their infectious happiness and just flat out being nice guys. Felipe Contemponi, the current captain, is easily one of the nicest guys in Rugby, but then I could probably say that about most of the team.
New Zealand, well, I've said that New Zealand needs to evolve, but getting back to basics here, the All Blacks are good, and we know it. They have the depth, they have the players and they've been the dominant force in world rugby for some time now. That's not ego talking….well, okay it probably is, but we are that good. Just today I heard that we've cut two of the old guard, most notably Piri Weepu. I love Weepu; I think he's a great player, but he's just not got the chops to cut it at this level any more. The time has come, and I commend the selectors for acknowledging this. Hopefully this will lead to more young blood coming into the team, to further strengthen our charge.
My predictions:
New Zealand will ultimately win the series. But they're going to struggle, and they're going to have to fight for it. I do believe they're going to lose at least one game, and I get the feeling it's going to be one of the Bledisloe games. I think Australia will mount a much stronger challenge this series, I do also think Argentina is going to scare the hell out of everyone this series and I do think they may actually knock one of the big guys off their perch.
The series kicks off August 17th in New Zealand, and I believe ESPN have coverage rights to show the games internationally. This test series is going to be hard fought, in simple terms there will be blood. But it's also going to be bloody good!
Thanks for reading, you can follow me on Twitter –@recaffeinated99. Give the site a follow while you're at it – @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Find more info at our “Join Our Team” page.
The number of suspected and confirmed cases of Ebola fever in the West African country of Guinea has increased to 103, with 66 fatalities, according to the World Health Organization.
Most of the cases have been reported from three districts in the south of the country, but local health authorities are now reporting four confirmed cases and one suspected case in the capital, Conakry, located on the Atlantic Ocean about 200 miles west of the other affected regions.
Four healthcare workers are among the dead.
In addition, health authorities in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which border the affected regions in Guinea, are investigating suspected cases, the WHO said.
But the outbreak is "rapidly changing," the agency said, and the numbers might change as a result of surveillance and lab testing of suspected cases.
The CDC has issued a level 2 alert for travelers to the region, urging them to take enhanced precautions and in particular to avoid contact with blood and body fluids of infected people. The agency said the risk to most travelers remains low.
The disease tends to occur in clusters, because it's transmitted through contact with body fluids, according to Kartik Chandran, PhD, of Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University in New York City. That's why healthcare workers are often also stricken if they don't practice rigorous barrier precautions, they told MedPage Today.
There is no known treatment for the virus, except supportive care, and there is no vaccine. Case fatality rates can be as high as 90%, although in the current outbreak the rate is 64%.
Chandran and colleagues are trying to understand the basic virology of Ebola and are also among several groups trying to develop therapeutics.
Indeed, researchers from the Public Health Agency of Canada have shown that a cocktail of antibodies can prevent death in monkeys infected by Ebola.
Chandran and colleagues are part of a new NIH-sponsored center of excellence that is trying to develop similar treatment approaches to all of the hemorrhagic fevers, including Marburg and Lassa, as well as Ebola. The Canadian researchers are also involved.
But, they told MedPage Today, while those studies have had promising results in animals, they're still not ready for use in humans.
In the meantime, Chandran said, the most effective approach to an outbreak is traditional -- "basically to trace cases and contacts and quarantine people in the hope of blocking the transmission chains."
The risk of the outbreak spreading beyond Africa is small but not negligible, they said. The disease has an incubation period of 6 to 10 days and begins with nonspecific flu-like symptoms.
Given that air travel from Africa to other countries is rapid, it's possible that an infected person could easily arrive in the U.S. before symptoms appear.
Indeed, officials in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan had a scare last week, when there were fears that a critically ill man with recent travel to Liberia might have Ebola. While it's still not clear what is causing their illness, tests have ruled out any of the hemorrhagic fevers, according to the Public Health Agency of Canada.
But Ebola doesn't spread very efficiently between people, Chandran said, and "everything we know about this virus suggests it's not going to spread very quickly through the human population."
2014-03-28T13:00:00-0400
Ethan Miller/Getty Images Two years after negotiations for a Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao fight blew up in 2010, the two fighters again failed to make a fight happen in 2012.
Mayweather, in what they would later call Pacquiao's last chance to make the fight, offered Pacquiao $40 million straight up to fight him.
"I got on the phone with Manny. I'm done my homework, and seen what they were used to making in big fights. So the offer that I gave him. I offered them $40 million, and said that I would wire them $20 million within 72 hours," Mayweather told Bob Costa in March of 2012.
Pacquiao turned it down and asked for a 50-50 revenue split instead, Mayweather says.
"I'm not giving up the split. I'm not. I can't. I can't afford to," Mayweather told Costas.
That $40 million offer was widely panned as an insult to Manny. But still, $40 million was double what Pacquiao typically makes per fight. In addition, Pacquiao couldn't have known if he'd ever get another chance to fight Mayweather. Floyd would have made out like a bandit (he would have controlled 100% of revenue minus Pacquiao's $40 million fee), but you couldn't have criticized Pacquiao for agreeing to the biggest purse of their career.
Three years later, Pacquiao stands to make more than double what Floyd offered them in 2012. While Mayweather gets a 60-40 revenue split, Pacquiao still gets a cut of total revenue (PPV buys, ticket sales, everything). Forbes estimates that he'll make between $80 million and $120 million on May 2. The New York Times has Pacquiao's number at "well over $100 million."
Pacquiao's promoter, Bob Arum, told the New York Times that Manny will get the first installment of their purse on Monday, two days after the fight, in a form of a check that's bigger than Mayweather's entire offer in 2012.
"On Monday morning, I will hand Manny a check for $50 million as a down payment, guaranteed," Arum said.
It's possible that Pacquiao could have made more if they agreed to a fight in 2010. Back then, Mayweather agreed to a 50-50 revenue split before Pacquiao pulled out of negotiations because they wouldn't agree to Mayweather's rigorous drug testing guidelines.
But compared to the 2012 offer that Mayweather later claimed would be their last offer, they made a smart move by waiting Floyd out and betting he'd come back with a better offer eventually.
​Federal regulators stepped into a firestorm of controversy recently when they ordered banks in California's North Coast area to spy on the transactions of customers who are suspected of making money in the medical marijuana business.
In a heavy-handed bid to crack down on California's cannabis industry, federal officials have ordered the banks to look out for “suspicious activity” by dispensary owners, reports Clarence Walker at. That is making it very difficult for medical marijuana dispensaries which are legal under state, but not federal law, to conduct business.
Drug Enforcement Administration and FBI authorities claim they are not specifically targeting medical marijuana. They say they're just looking for “drug traffickers and money launderers,” which of course under federal law includes any marijuana-related banking activity.
The banks — so far — are not being flat-out ordered to not do business with dispensaries. But they are reportedly often opting to just shut down accounts instead of enduring the hassles of investigating and reporting all those transactions to federal authorities.
Financial institutions including Savings Bank, Wells Fargo, the Exchange Bank, the Ukiah Bank, and other operations in the Sacramento and San Joaquin areas are struggling to comply with the government's orders as federal authorities continue their full-scale onslaught against the legal marijuana trade in the United States.
The enforcement action is reportedly the result of the North Coast's reputation for marijuana production — Emerald Triangle cannabis, from Humboldt, Mendocino and Trinity counties is famous worldwide — and also includes the arrest of citizens operating medical marijuana businesses which are legal under state law.
According to the Santa Rosa Press Democrat, the policy started last month when the largest bank in Mendocino County told shareholders that federal banking regulators would now require North Coast banks to scrutinize deposit accounts because the area had been designated a “high-risk area” for money laundering, especially from those in the medical marijuana business.
“This area in general has been targeted by Washington because the amount of cash that comes out of here,” said Charles Mannon, CEO of the Ukiah Bank.
“They think we're all drug dealers,” said Mike Johnson, a marijuana entrepreneur who didn't want their business's name printed. Wells Fargo and the Umpqua Bank closed their accounts last year.
“It doesn't make sense,” Johnson said. “It is an un-American thing for the feds to do. Every major bank in California has been told not to handle marijuana accounts.”
Medical marijuana advocates are complaining that federal regulation policies are being used to force banks and other financial institutions to enlist in the War On Drugs. The new requirements, according to activists, force banks to spend time and money probing clients' accounts for evidence of “illegal activity associated with the marijuana business.”
Several banks continue to close the accounts of medical marijuana dispensaries due to the stringent federal requirements. Bank officers said that since marijuana violates federal law, they are required under the Bank Secrecy Act to report on businesses involved in the state-authorized medical marijuana industry.
In a sign of the times, Exchange Bank last year started banning medical marijuana dispensaries from opening accounts because of the time-consuming scrutiny they would have to undergo and because of the expense of being forced to buy pricey account monitoring systems.
“State and federal law are in conflict with each other,” said Bill Schrader, president of Exchange Bank. “If there are suspicious activities under federal law, we have to report it.”
If a bank employee or anti-laundering software system detects “suspicious activity,” the feds have required banks and credit unions to file a report with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FINCEN), which operates a huge database available to both the DEA and the FBI.
The federal government cannot force states to comply with federal law or require states to enforce federal law, but the United States Department of Justice has the authority to prosecute individuals and organizations in violation of federal laws against sales and possession of marijuana.
This law effectively blocks banks from serving those in the legal medical marijuana business who must operate business bank accounts to accept credit and debit cards for their services.
l
​It's a growing problem, according to Allen St. Pierre, executive director of NORML. “Our organization is regularly contacted by cannabis businesses that can't make daily deposits or have credit card processing,” St. Pierre told the Chronicle. “The inability of cannabusinesses to gain access to regular banking and financial services continues to hamper the expansion of medical cannabis dispensaries.”
Which, of course, is the idea, if you're a federal drug warrior.
“Despite the 2009 Ogden Memo from the Obama Administration's attempt to allow greater autonomy for states to regulate medical cannabis, the memo didn't address the legal concerns expressed by banks and financial services who fear they are violating federal laws if they do business with cannabis businesses,” St. Pierre said.
In a May 2010 letter, 15 members of Congress, led by Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.), issued a letter written by Rep. Jared Polis (D-Colo.) to Treasury Secretary Timonty Geitner.
“Legitimate state-run businesses are being denied access to banking services, which does not serve the public interest,” the letter said. The letter requested “formal written guidance” to assure banks would not be federally prosecuted for conducting business with dispensaries.
“They were trying to ensure that medical marijuana dispensaries could have banking services provided to them because there's so much capital involved,” said Mike Meno, communications director at Marijuana Policy Project
Northern California dispensaries aren't the only ones having difficulty opening and maintaining bank accounts due to federal policies.
Sue Harank, co-owner of Alpine Herbal Wellness in Denver, Colorado, in less than a year of operation has been forced to switch banks four times after the institutions closed their accounts with no warning.
Harank called the banking situation “one heck of a nightmare.” They now does business with Colorado State Bank, the only bank in the state allowing people in the legal medical marijuana trade to hold business accounts, according to Banktime.com
​Don Duncan, the California director of medical marijuana patient advocacy group Americans for Safe Access and operator of a dispensary, has had their bank accounts shut down without notice as well. “Banks can't figure out if it is OK to do business with medical cannabis organizations,” Duncan said.
The federal scrutiny of the bank accounts of customers making “suspicious” deposits has created more business for alternative financial services.
According to Banktime.com, Marijuanapos.com is one of the few financial institutions to offer banking services for legal marijuana businesses, including credit and debit card processing. The outfit works with banks that deal with “high-risk” clients, according to Jesse Cretaro, marketing director at Marijuanapos.com.
Another financial service, Direct Bancard of Livonia, Michigan, offers medical marijuana dispensaries merchant services located overseas to bypass legal conflicts, according to Executive Vice President Martin Khemmoro.
Guardian Data Systems offers similar services, but only with dispensaries legal under California state law. The company has been trying for years “to offer honest and secure services to an emerging industry,” said CEO Lance Ott.
Meanwhile, medical marijuana advocates say that all they ask is for those in the industry to have access to safe and transparent banking services like everyone else.
“All medical marijuana merchants want to do is obey the law and do what's normal,” Duncan said.
IT was the “authentic” moment that stopped Bill Shorten in their tracks at a people's forum on a tame campaign trail on Friday night.
Chad Atkinson, 27, stood up with a giant placard emblazoned with their phone number and advertising their services as an employee.
The sign read: “Looking for a smart worker? $68k P.A. Macca's crew trainer, ex-army combat engineer, bachelor of clinical practice.”
Unemployed Chad was the first person to confront the Opposition Leader at the town hall-style meeting in Tasmania, saying: “I'm supposed to be part of this entitled generation.
“When is it my generation's turn to step up while we're still young enough?”
media_camera The sign that stopped Bill Shorten in their tracks.
They said they had become so desperate for work that they had stood on a street corner with in Launceston with the sign.
“I didn't expect such authenticity in the first contribution,” said a surprised Mr Shorten. The Labor leader acknowledged it took guts to speak up for “people who want to have a go”, adding: “There wouldn't be a person here who wasn't a bit impressed with how you stood up and expressed your point of view.”
Chad, originally from Newcastle, NSW, said they wanted to help build Australia and give the nation a proud future, but their ambitions had been dashed after a series of casual jobs had dried up.
The 27-year-old said they wanted to appeal to the Opposition Leader because they too had ambition.
GOT A BIG IDEA? Click here to have your say in Australia's future
media_camera Opposition leader Bill Shorten at a town-hall meeting as part of the 2016 election campaign in the federal seat of Bass in Launceston on Friday. Picture: AAP/Mick Tsikas
Mr Shorten said they agreed young people got a bad rap for being lazy and always on their smartphones, when in fact they were our students and our servicemen.
They said the Australian dream was to have a first home, not to negatively gear your tenth, and to have an NBN that worked.
Chad told news.com.au afterwards that they thought many Gen Ys would relate to their predicament. They said they had been unemployed for the past three months, with Centrelink “making it impossible for someone like me” by forcing them to “spam” employers with applications.
“When I was at high school, we thought university was a golden ticket, a ticket to the Willy Wonka factory,” they said. “Yes, having a job will get you a job, but not the job.
media_camera Bill Shorten faced the public at a town-hall meeting in Tasmania.
“I'm smart, I worked hard. I've been in sporadic work for ten years and I'm over being depressed about it. You realise you have to take action and this is what I've done. It's the only thing I could think of.”
They said they understood they were a privileged as a white, middle-class man, but believed they spoke for all Gen Ys when they said they were desperate to have some responsibility and a voice in the community.
After their parents had made it on their own, they saw it as their “obligation not to squander their hard work” but it was a disheartening experience trying and failing to make a contribution society.
media_camera “Looking for a smart worker? $68k P.A. Macca's crew trainer, ex-army combat engineer, bachelor of clinical practice.”
“They don't trust us to build things,” they said. “We haven't built up the trust of our parents' generation.”
But they said it seemed it was down to individuals to carve out their place in the world.
“The fundamental psyche of millennials is flawed. At university, there were others in the same situation but they didn't have the motivation to take it to the next level.
“It's going to come down to people looking after themselves.”
Chad received plenty of encouragement for their stunt from onlookers, but only one text message about potential work, and plans to make more appearances with their sign.
Whether their stand has been a futile attempt to give their generation a voice in this election, it was that rare find — a truly poignant and meaningful moment on the campaign trail.
Originally published as ‘When is it my generation's turn?'
(CBS/AP) Environmental activist Paul Watson was arrested in Germany, because of charges originating in Costa Rica, and was expected to be extradited to Japan. Watson, the head of controversial activist group Sea Shepherd, faced a variety of charges of obstructing commercial fishing operations. Instead, the captain has disappeared, leaving the governments of three different nations adrift.
The group says it has "reason to believe from a reliable source that, once in Costa Rica, the Japanese government may have sought extradition of Captain Watson to Japan to answer charges related to obstructing their illegal whaling activities in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary."
The 61-year-old Canadian was first arrested May 13 at Frankfurt Airport on a Costa Rican warrant that claimed they had endangered the crew of a fishing vessel a decade ago. Watson was released days later on a $320,000 bond and ordered to report regularly to authorities while Costa Rica's extradition request was considered.
"His attorney now says that their client informed them by telephone that they have left Germany for an unknown destination," the Hesse regional court in a statement, noting that Watson failed to report to authorities since Sunday.
Watson's German attorney didn't respond to repeated telephone messages Wednesday. A spokesperson for Sea Shepherd in the United States declined immediately to comment.
Shortly after their arrest in May Sea Shepherd issued a statement saying Watson was filming a documentary at the time of the alleged incident, which took place in Guatemalan waters in 2002. The U.S.-based group said it encountered an illegal shark finning operation run by a Costa Rican ship, the Varadero, and told the crew to stop and head to port to be prosecuted. The crew accused Sea Shepherd of trying to kill them by ramming their ship.
Watson has a history of confrontations with whalers and fishermen.
They left Greenpeace in 1977 to set up the more action-oriented Sea Shepherd. The group has waged aggressive campaigns to protect whales, dolphins and other marine animals, prompting Japanese officials to labels its member terrorists and seek Watson's arrest for allegedly masterminding violent protests.
A glimpse into the life of the most glamorous maharani and their love of all things extravagantly luxurious Born the daughter of the Maharaja of Pithapuram in Andhra Pradesh and married to another zamindar at an early age, Sita Devis life might have turned out very differently had they not caught the eye of Maharaja Pratap Singh Gaekwar of Baroda. Instead, a day at what was then the Madras Race Course set the ball rolling for a lifestyle of carousing where they went on to set the standard for extravagance. Being married and the father of eight children did not stop the Gaekwad from pursuing the glamorous Sita Devi and the pair proceeded to wed in 1943, in a convoluted series of conversions and ceremonies that flouted anti-bigamy laws and religious practices with gay abandon. And then they set to work their way through a fortune. The Gaekwad was the eighth richest man in the world at the time and their second maharani made it obvious. She loved their jewels and they knew how to capture attention, says Akshay Chavan, a royal enthusiast and amateur historian. At a time when most Indian women and maharanis were photographed with their heads demurely covered, they were often seen at the Waldorf Astoria or The Dorchester, their hair thrown back to show off earrings and necklaces, hands posed so as to show off their bracelets and rings to best effect. Even their cigarette holder was studded with rubies, says Chavan. The royal couple made a splash in the salons of New York during a six-week trip to the United States in 1948, causing the Indian Union to start asking some pesky questions about their finances. They swiftly decamped to their home in Monaco, and took some pretty jewels along to keep them company. The Baroda treasury was later found to be missing several key pieces. Famous among these were the Baroda pearls  an unparalleled seven-strand necklace of priceless Basra pearls, and a three-strand diamond necklace with the Star of the South, a 128.80-carat Pink Brazilian diamond and the English Dresden, a 78.53-carat diamond. While the Indian government was looking for distinctive pieces, the maharani was known to be quietly visiting jewellers like Harry Winston, Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels, having the settings changed to platinum and astounding even the most jaded of jewellers with their collection of almost 300 pieces. Van Cleef & Arpels were their favourite jewellers and they were fondly known to them as Mrs Brown, because of their dusky skin. Commissioning solid gold tongue cleaners only endeared them to them more, says Chavan. They also famously sold a pair of diamond and emerald anklets to Harry Winston in the 1950s, only to have the diamonds resurface in a choker worn by the Duchess of Windsor, Wallis Simpson at a ball. The maharani held their tongue (presumably scraped clean) till so many people exclaimed about the beauty of the necklace that they couldnt bear it any more and was moved to remark that the diamonds had also looked very nice on their feet. A humiliated Duchess returned the necklace to their jeweller. Prominent among their jewels is a two-strand pearl necklace that is believed to have been a part of the Baroda pearls, and set with a Cartier-signed clasp. A Van Cleef & Arpels necklace commissioned in 1950, named the Hindou necklace or the Lotus necklace and made of emeralds and pavé diamonds set in platinum, is also worthy of mention. The royal family of Baroda was one of the first to adopt the precious metal and Chimnabai II, the Gaekwads grandmother, even purchased pieces from Russian nobility after the Revolution. Them husband purchased over a hundred pieces from Jacques Cartier and was also keen on resetting all the royal jewels in platinum, with Cartier, but was dissuaded by local jewellers with the argument that it would look like they were wearing silver. Chimnabai was also grandmother to Maharani Gayatri Devi and is said to have instructed them never to wear emeralds with a green sari, because they look so much better with pink. The royal couple split in 1956 but Sita Devi held onto their title and the lavish lifestyle, spending so extravagantly that they had to discreetly auction off some of their beloved baubles. Princie, their only son with the Gaekwad, was their constant companion on the social circuit. The maharani was also known for their painstaking detail to fashion. They were rumoured to travel with no less than a thousand saris, with coordinating shoes and furs. Them Paris dressing room was reputed to contain thousands of saris, each matched with shoes and a purse. A Monsieur Erigua opened a factory called Saree & Co, to create French chiffon saris. The last order before the maharanis death in 1989 was for 260 exclusive saris. The factory was shuttered upon their passing. Till the very end, the maharani remained faithful to their love of luxury. Subscribe to Verve Magazine or buy the Verve issue on stands now!
ARTICLE TOOLS
We're reminded every day that city streets and highways are dangerous for all drivers, cyclists, and pedestrians. Hearing constant stories about traffic deaths involving distracted driving or drunk driving makes it difficult for any parent to trust that the roads will be safe for teen drivers. Fortunately, the number of traffic deaths has been falling in recent years. For example, the last year with reliable information, 2009, the Fatality Analysis Reporting System reported 33,800 deaths. This may sound like a lot, but it was the best year on record since 1950, and nearly 18 percent lower than 2007. Take a look at our interactive graph of those 2009 figures, broken up by vehicle type.
Nationwide Traffic Deaths by Vehicle Type
As you can see, the fatality statistics stay largely consistent with the popularity of the vehicle type. Passenger cars, for example, make up the vast majority of traffic fatalities. The trend doesn't hold completely true, though, as motorcycles are responsible for a disproportionate number of fatalities. And although pedestrians are everywhere, they are the must vulnerable to traffic deaths, since they rarely cause fatal accidents but make up such a large number of traffic deaths.
As you can see by the graph below, showing the same statistics in California alone, the national trends stay consistent on the state level.
California Traffic Deaths by Vehicle Type
These statistics likely don't help to make it any easier to feel comfortable with your teenager driving alone on city streets and highways. But parents can take concrete steps to ensure that their teenagers are avoiding distractions, obeying street signs, and steering clear of risky behavior. Consider developing a parent-teen safe driving contract, complete with agreed-upon rules and awards for safe driving.
RATE THIS POST (No Ratings Yet)
Loading... Loading...
This view of a sandstone target called "Big Arm" covers an area about 1.3 inches (33 millimeters) wide in detail that shows differing shapes and colors of sand grains in the stone.
Three separate images taken by the Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) camera on NASA's Curiosity Mars rover, at different focus settings, were combined into this focus-merge view. The Big Arm target on lower Mount Sharp is at a location near "Marias Pass" where a mudstone bedrock is in contact with overlying sandstone bedrock. MAHLI recorded the component images on May 29, 2015, during the 999th Martian day, or sol, of Curiosity's work on Mars.
The rounded shape of some grains visible here suggests they traveled long distances before becoming part of the sediment that later hardened into sandstone. Other grains are more angular and may have originated closer to the rock's current location. Lighter and darker grains may have different compositions.
MAHLI was built by Malin Space Science Systems, San Diego. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Science Laboratory Project for the NASA Science Mission Directorate, Washington.
More information about Curiosity is online at http://www.nasa.gov/msl and http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl/.
Giveaway Tuesdays has officially ended! But don't sweat it, WonderHowTo has another World that's taken its place. Every Tuesday, Phone Snap! invites you to show off your cell phone photography skills.
Submit your best shot to our weekly competition for a chance to win an awesome prize. Phoneographers only—both Android and iPhone welcome! Check it out now.
Last week's extreme close-up photography challenge is now closed. Congrats to winner Cory Poole for reminding us that there's not one, but two images of Honest Abe on the penny—front AND back. Cory won a wide angle macro lens for their camera phone. Make sure to check out the next challenge for your chance to win one of two sets of jelly filters for your camera phone.
Here were some of the runners-up for the contest.
Leafcutter ant:
Frozen rose:
Kitchen flowers:
Check out the rest of the submitted macro photos!
It appears that Odell Beckham Jr. and the New York Giants weren't the only NFLers spending some time on a boat before a playoff game.
Twitter user Adam Markopoulos shared a photo of Patriots coaches Bill Belichick and their girlfriend Linda Holliday catching a quick nap, which they say was taken on the Nantucket Ferry on its way back from the island Sunday afternoon.
Hey @OnlyInBOS, look who I found on the Nantucket ferry on their bye week…#RelationshipGoals pic.twitter.com/mZkADW07MK — Adam Markopoulos (@AdamMarko) January 9, 2017
Despite Markopoulos' caption, they say they didn't actually take the photo.
“My friend sent it to me who doesn't have social media,” Markopoulos said in a direct message. “[He] was on the way back from Nantucket yesterday afternoon.”
Advertisement
Belichick owns a sizable property on Nantucket, and is a huge fan of the island, offering it the kind of praise usually saved for opposing teams' punters.
“It's sort of home for me,” they told the Cape Cod Times in 2005. “As a football coach, I've ended up in a lot of different cities. But I've always been able to go back to Nantucket and to ‘Sconset. Even when I've been in Cleveland, New York or Denver, there's been an anchor there.”
As for any comparison between Belichick's ocean siesta and the Giants' Miami boating bacchanal? “Different kinds of parties,” joked Markopolous.
At about midnight Sunday, Butler County Sheriff's Office deputies were dispatched to Thornton's, 684 N. Riverside Drive, for a report of two disorderly people, one of whom was displaying a gun.
When Deputy William Brown arrived on scene, Mel Tittle, 50, began walking toward the back of the store. When Brown asked them to show their hands, Tittle pulled a firearm from a hip holster and retreated behind a propane exchange and ice machine, according to the sheriff's office.
After several commands, Tittle threw the gun on the ground and shouted that they had done nothing wrong, according to the sheriff's office.
“He initially had their back to me, but turned to face me when they pulled the gun out,” Brown said in a press release.
While detaining Tittle, deputies realized that the gun was actually a BB gun. Tittle was also in possession of brass knuckles, according to the press release.
“I've been asked several times what went through my head at that moment, and honestly, there was no time to think; that's how much time I had to decide to shoot them or not. I couldn't sit there and evaluate their intentions but they threw the gun and we are both still here,” Brown said.
A store employee told sheriff's deputies that Tittle was lifting their shirt up and showing everyone they had a gun and pointed it at the employee while it was still holstered, according to the press release.
“That outcome could have been a lot different,” Sheriff Richard K. Jones said in a press release. “ This deputy showed some amazing restraint in this situation and didn't have to.”
“Mr. Tittle certainly didn't let my deputy know it was a BB gun, and it doesn't look like one either. I am pleased Deputy Brown went home and more pleased Mr. Tittle is in the Butler County Jail where they should be,” they said.
Tittle is charged with tampering with evidence, an aggravated felony, as well as carrying concealed weapons, inducing panic and disorderly conduct, all misdemeanors.
The other man at the gas station, John Tittle, 60, was charged with disorderly conduct.
Andrew "Weev" Auernheimer, who once leaked a bunch of email addresses to Gawker gathered from an AT&T security glitch, was subsequently convicted for "hacking", and then released when the Third Circuit ruled the feds tried them in the wrong court, is seeking restitution for the time they spent in prison.
They have written a letter to officials to that effect. I suspect it might not work, as it is phrased with the customary delicacy and deliberative tone one has come to expect from Mr. Auernheimer. It begins with an epigraph:
"Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing end them?" -Shakespeare
Then it segues into an abstract statement of political philosophy:
It has long been one of the fundamental pillars of our system of law that when one commits a crime against another, they are made to give restitution to their victims.
In less high-minded terms, it urges the addressees, who include their trial judge and DOJ and FBI officials, to take a long hard look in the mirror:
This was a conspiracy of sedition and treason, perpetrated with violence by a limited number of federal agents to deprive me of my constitutional rights to a fair trial and unlawfully put me in prison... Perhaps you haven't read the opinion of the appeals court exposing all of you as liars and seditionists yet.
It then traces the course of Auernheimer's arrest, and trial, and their many, many, many complaints about that process, some of which are about the venue issue on which their conviction was vacated, and some of which are not.
The letter turns to Auernheimer's demands, which, perhaps inevitably, are put into Bitcoin terms:
My current market-determined hourly rate is 1 Bitcoin an hour. I was taken from my childhood home at gunpoint on January 18th, 2011, and I was not allowed to freely exercise my liberties as a citizen until April 11th, 2014. That's 1179 days that you used my time that I am now billing you for (I gave you a discount by not including the last day). I am owed 28,296 Bitcoins. I do not accept United States dollars, as it is the preferred currency of criminal organizations such as the FBI, DOJ, ATF, and Federal Reserve and I do not assist criminal racketeering enterprises.
Auernheimer explains that they intend to use these funds for what they define as a good cause:
I am building a series of memorial groves for the greatest patriots of our generation: Timothy McVeigh, Andrew Stack, and Marvin Heemeyer.
And it ends on a plea for civil order:
PAY ME MY MONEY, YOU're LYING SUBHUMAN GARBAGE. You also should resign from your posts, as you've shown yourselves to be collective disgraces to rule of law and enemies of the United States Constitution. Those of us who actually love this country should take your places.
You might be wondering whether Auernheimer ran this missive by a lawyer. To another inquiry about lawyers today, they replied:
So, likely not, then.
[Photo Credit: AP.]
About two weeks ago while I was taking a brief respite in the form of a wonderful evening at the home of Mary Jo Leavitt, I received an urgent phone call from Tom Devocht.
Tom told me that they needed help with the escape of a 19-year-old staff member of Bridge Publications. Daniel Montalvo never knew the outside world – having been in the Sea Org most of their life. Several months ago Daniel and the rest of Bridge Publications staff were forced to read Miscavige's Freedom magazine attacking myself, Mike Rinder, Amy Scobee, and Tom Devocht. Daniel knew it was garbage because of what the rag had to say about Tom. They knew Tom (when Tom was CO CMO CW) when Daniel was a young child and remembered them fondly for being so generous to and tolerant of children, including Daniel himself.
Consequently, Daniel searched the internet and, through my blog they found a means to get hold of Mike Rinder, whom they figured correctly could (and did) get them in touch with Tom. Daniel told Tom they could no longer take the incessant stat push on books and tapes, the orders to carry out fraudulent practices against Scientology public,and the Int-like DM tortures now being practiced by CMO PAC messengers regularly at Bridge Publications. They said they knew nothing about the outside world, and knew virtually no one as never had a life outside the Sea Org. Tom told Daniel he'd house them and employ them so that they could make a new start if they wished.
Daniel phoned that particular Friday night because there was a CMO mission running a rein of terror through Bridge for the usual down stats. All staff were being interrogated on the meter for outside connections and influences. Daniel was certain they could not get away with withholding that they were reading my blog and had concluded that it contained nothing other than 100% gospel truth.
Tiziano Lugli being my host in LA, and being the least PTS person I think I know on planet earth, bolted into action. The kid only had a hand held text message sender and receiver, no phone. We coordinated their route out, lost all our tails, and picked them up at a pre-designated spot.
We took them to a far away Deli and delighted at watching them eat a cheeseburger and fries with their eyes lit up like they were ingesting an eight-course gourmet feast prepared by Sinar Parmen himself.
Daniel brought a couple hard drives with them that contained music and may have been mixed with some other Bridge traffic. We advised Daniel to return them to Bridge which they did via messenger service. Then we got Daniel on a flight to Florida to see Tom DV.
Tom and Daniel were beseiged by waves of Daniel's family members and OSA Flag staff using every ploy and threat possible to get Daniel to return. Tom fought them off like a she-gator protecting them young. After surviving days of the onslaught, Daniel became intent on speaking with their mother. They phoned the church to arrange this, but reception put them through to Kendrick Moxon – an alleged attorney. Moxon proceeded to lie to Daniel that the hard drives were never returned, and made a convincing case (not difficult to do with a 19 year old who doesn't even know the three branches of government) that Daniel would be put behind iron bars for a good long time, UNLESS of course, they returned and cooperated with Moxon and routed out properly.
Tom sagely advised Daniel that they would face only one of two fates should they return, a) be sent to jail, or b) spend ten years in the RPF. After several sleepless nights and incessant badgering and threats from the church Daniel returned to LA to route out.
Daniel was picked up by an investigator in a black car with blacked out windows. Instead of being taken to a hotel, where they could route out as promised, they were taken to the Century City Towers. They were deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated them for two hours. Only then, did Moxon come in and start interrogating harder, demanding that Daniel finger Tiziano, Tom, and myself as the master minds of theirs having taken hard drives from Bridge. Daniel explained that they could not say that because it is a blatant lie. Quite the contrary, Tom advised them not to take the hard drives and I advised them to return them once I learned that they had ignored Tom's original advice.
Moxon then said they would need to go the LA County Sheriff's office to clear everything up. Instead of clearing it up, Moxon pulled out a huge binder with shots and dossier's on Tom, Tiziano and myself. Moxon plied the Sheriff's detective with a grand conspiracy theory, characterizing me as the “anti-christ” of the church of Scientology. I guess Kingpin has become passe.
The next thing Daniel knows he's in a cell where they sat for the next 30 hours. Had it not been for Tiziano fronting $2,000 through credit Daniel would be there now and for God knows how long.
David Miscavige – who I promise will go to jail before this is all over – ordered Kendrick Moxon – whose bar card I am now promising to take away – stabbed a nineteen year old slave in the back the second they got a whiff of freedom. I have never heard of such low-life treachery. And Lord knows I've seen my share of it under the tutelage of the master of treachery, David Miscavige.
Tiziano, Jamie Sorrentini, Tom, Mike Rinder, Jason Beghe and I have been working in a flurry this afternoon to get Daniel out of the LA County (East LA branch) jail.
As of the minute I post this, Daniel walks free once again, at least temporarily, having been bailed out by Jamie and Tiziano.
We have arranged for a competent attorney to represent Daniel at their arraignment tomorrow.
I have been hesitant to raise money for our cause despite the need – recognizing how former church members have been fleeced to the bone over and over. However, my rule on that score doesn't apply to a 19 year old kid facing the penitentiary in thanks for the following sins:
a) Leaving a lifehood of slavery to get a taste of freedom and the world.
b) Refusing – despite every provocation and incentive and threat – to frame three guys who went out of their ways (and dipped into their pockets) to help the kid achieve that freedom.
Accordingly, I am creating the Free Daniel Montalvo Fund. We are trying to initially raise the 3,000 dollars (bail and airfares) we've already personally fronted) and another 5,000 for a retainer for a criminal lawyer skilled and tough enough to take on the church and the LA County Sheriff Leroy D. Baca. Yes, the Sheriff himself. Do you seriously think the church could get any other agency in the world to do the kind of illegal, underhanded work they've gotten the Sheriff's Office to do? They wouldn't have a prayer without owning the Sheriff himself. As to whether that is the case, I invite you all to peruse church promo over the past ten years. Baca has extolled their virtues over and over – in exchange for getting to hob nob with Cruise, Travolta, Alley, etc – even while dozens upon dozens of staff have been continually held in virtual bondage by the very institution – in their jurisdiction – they lavish with praise.
For now, if you are interested in contributing, you can go to my paypal account – under the donate section on the front page of the blog, https://markrathbun.wordpress.com/donate/ . When you are prompted to write a message with any donation, just put in Free Daniel Montalvo Fund. I'll keep exact accounting of such designated funds.
Without you all, this young man would have already been crushed like a bug and forgotten. With you, they will never be forgotten. I think this is one of those places where we are compelled by conscience to etch a very distinct and durable line.
Free Daniel Montalvo!
Friday Noon Update:
You all officially constitute a hurricane! Cat 3 and gaining mo'. Last night I noted we were initially looking for 3,000 to recover bail and airplane flights already spend out of pocket and on credit, plus 5,000 for a retainer for the kind of criminal lawyer we need on this. That is a target of 8,000. As of noon we are just over 6,000. That is approximately 65 donors,making average right around 100 dollars. Lowest donation was $2 and two came in at highest at $500 each. If this ain't grassroots I don't know what is. I'm gonna be busy for the next couple hours. Then I'll hopefully have a minute to give another update. After that, I'll be out of the loop, except by phone for several hours. No, you won't find me honky-tonkin'. Mike has graciously offered to keep moderating. Then late tonight I'll give another update on the fund. You guys have gone above and beyond the call of duty. Certainly beyond my wildest dreams last night when I posted. I can hear the dictator snickering now about how thrilled I am about “chump's change.” Well, this kind of “chump's change” will win every time against blood money, no matter the amount.
Update: Friday 1:15 pm: A nice translation of this blog post by Tony Ortega at the Village Voice can be found here, http://blogs.villagevoice.com/runninscared/archives/2010/10/daniel_montalvo.php
3:15 pm Friday update: $7,652 via paypal. With pledges coming by mail, we have topped the 8,000 goal. No need to keep donating. Unless the fix is deeper than I think this case should go away with originally estimated retainer. If Baca and Miscavige and/or Miscavige's lawyers and the D/As office are joined at the hip, then we'll be in for a longer haul. We'll keep you posted. Stay tuned this weekend for an Open Letter to LA County Sheriff Lee Baca. We're learning the Sheriff's Office has gone way outside the boundaries of their mandate in serving Moxon and Miscavige's LA lawyers. IMHO I believe they have betrayed the taxpayers of Los Angeles county. Hitting the road. Be back online in 5-6 hours. OSA investigators, chill. As Mosey says, I drive old Lucille like Jed Clampet. No need to put Texas drivers at risk with your magnum PI bullshit fantasies. See ya in H-Town.
Algerian defender Essaïd Belkalem is set to become Watford's 16th summer signing according to Udinese's sporting director.
The Italian club signed the 24-year-old this summer on a free transfer after their contract with Algerian side JS Kabylie expired.
Belkalem has been linked with a move to the Hornets at different times this summer and the switch was confirmed by Udinese's sporting director Cristiano Giaretta this afternoon.
Belkalem is a defender who has played 11 times for Algeria having previously represented their country's Under-23 and Under-20 sides.
The 6ft 2in centre back missed the majority of 2011 through injury but played 22 league matches for JS Kabylie last season, scoring two goals in the process.
Physical and strong in the air, in 2009 Algerian football website DZfoot.com voted the then 20-year-old Belkalem as the third best young player in the Algerian Championnat National; describing them as “a solid defender – disciplined and reassuring”.
Belkalem would become Watford's 16th summer signing should they join after the club confirmed the transfer of 12 players in the last week.
Almen Abdi (2016), Cristian Battocchio (2016), Gabriele Angella (2018) and Diego Fabbrini (2017) were confirmed on Friday and Marco Cassetti (2014), Daniel Pudil (2016), Javier Acuna (2016), Marco Davide Faraoni (2018), Ikechi Anya (2016) and ex-Manchester United defender Reece Brown (2015) on Monday.
Joel Ekstrand (2016) and Iriney (2015) were finalised on Wednesday so the only potential signing whose immediate future is currently uncertain is Jaime Romero. Read more about Romero's future here.
Is Israel preparing to annex Area C, as a growing number of analysts have recently been speculating?
(Photo: Jonathan Cook)
This week, on a visit to the Israel's tourism bureau in Nazareth, I came across an official brochure, “Your Next Vacation: Israel”, that suggests the answer. The brochure is supplied to travel agents around the world as well as to hundreds of thousands of tourists who arrive in Israel each year.
Inside is a map, produced by the Ministry of Tourism, that shows both Israel and the occupied territories. Helpfully, it incorporates Israel's interpretation of the territorial demarcations created by the Oslo Accords of the mid-1990s.
Oslo divided the West Bank into three parts temporarily – for a period of five years – while Israel and the Palestinians were supposed to negotiate a final-status agreement that, it was widely assumed, would lead to the creation of a Palestinian state in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem.
(Photo: Jonathan Cook)
Area A, the smallest part of the West Bank and restricted chiefly to the main Palestinian cities, was placed under the full control of the newly created Palestinian Authority.
Area B, mainly covering the areas around the cities, was under the shared control of the PA and Israel, with Israel taking charge of security matters and the Palestinians responsible for civil affairs.
Today, Areas A and B together cover about 39 per cent of the West Bank.
But by far the largest portion of the West Bank, Area C, was handed over to Israel's full control. It was assumed by most observers that this land, 61 per cent of the West Bank, would eventually become the territorial bulk of a future Palestinian state.
Over the past two decades, however, Israel has used its hold over Area C – and the lack of an agreement, due to its own intransigence – to entrench and expand the settlements there.
There are now nearly 350,000 Jewish settlers living in more than 250 settlements and outposts dotted all over Area C (a further 200,000 settlers live in East Jerusalem). These settlers, backed by Israeli soldiers and a network of civilian and military bureaucrats, have created a reign of terror that has gradually encouraged Palestinians in Area C to migrate to the cities, still nominally under Palestinian Authority control.
There were once hundreds of thousands of Palestinians in Area C, most making their living from agriculture. Today, some estimates put that number below 100,000, but the population is certainly no higher than 150,000. Of these, most live in extreme poverty and insecurity:
their homes are liable to be demolished at any moment;
they can access water expensively and intermittently from water-trucks only;
their livelihoods as farming communities are under constant threat from water shortages, land confiscations and the walls and fences Israel constantly erects to divide up their holdings;
and their physical safety is threatened by attacks from ever-more fanatical settlers living nearby.
Further, what the Oslo Accords assumed would be Israel's temporary control of Area C has become effectively permanent – part of what the Israeli Supreme Court recently acknowledged as Israel's “prolonged occupation” of the West Bank.
What all this means is that the debate about whether Israel is going to annex Area C is largely academic. The annexation has already taken place, just not formally. The advantage of this discreet method of annexation – what Israeli general Moshe Dayan once termed “creeping annexation” – is that Israel is under no pressure to confer citizenship on the few Palestinians remaining in Area C.
(Photo: Jonathan Cook)
The brochure map provides a helpful illustration of Israeli thinking. It was created by the Tourism Ministry in 2007, before the current right-wing government of Benjamin Netanyahu came to power on a platform of tearing up the Oslo Accords. That was the period of Ehud Olmert's government, which was supposedly committed to reaching an agreement with the Palestinians based on a two-state solution.
The map offers a clear indication of how even Israel's supposed peace-makers envisage the Palestinians' future.
The map fails to delineate any territory identifiable as the West Bank, referring to it instead as the Biblical kingdoms of Judea and Samaria. That is also the way Israeli textbooks have presented the West Bank to generations of Israeli schoolchildren: as a single territorial unit of Greater Israel, ruled over by Israel. The Green Line was erased on Hebrew maps from the moment the occupation began.
But the tourism map has been drafted not for a domestic audience but for a foreign one.
What is most surprising is that the map acknowledges the Oslo Accords, but only in part. It marks out Areas A and B, designating them in pink and yellow respectively.
But where is Area C on the map? According to the map's legend, there is no Area C. It has disappeared. It is not designated and it is shown on the map in the same colours used for “Israel proper”.
When Israeli officials ask tourists at the country's international airport or at the borders if they are intending to cross into the occupied territories, it appears that they are not actually referring to most of the West Bank – Area C.
The map give us an acute insight into how even the peace camp envisions the rosiest imaginable future: Palestinians corralled into a tiny pseudo-state on about 9 per cent of historic Palestine, split between two cages, the West Bank and Gaza, and denied a capital in East Jerusalem. This is the picture Israel implicitly presents to millions of tourists.
In the view of more hardline Israelis, of course, there are worse scenarios – though, we may conclude, the Tourism Ministry is not ready just yet to publicise them.
Healthcare access and quality improved globally but inequality between countries has grown
News Hour:
Despite global improvements in healthcare quality and access over 25 years, inequalities between the best and worst-performing countries have grown. Even among countries with similar development levels, there is wide variation in healthcare access and quality, exposing the untapped potential for improving healthcare in these regions, according to a Global Burden of Disease study published in The Lancet.
The study develops a novel index which measures the quality and accessibility of healthcare. The rating (scored 0-100) is based on death rates from 32 diseases that could be avoided by effective medical care in the country year-on-year. The new study assesses performance for 195 countries from 1990-2015, providing crucial data to help monitor progress on universal health coverage and identify local priorities for improving health care.
“Despite overall improvement globally, there is variation in healthcare performance and few countries have consistently achieved optimal healthcare access and quality,” says senior author Professor Christopher Murray, Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington, USA.
“By measuring healthcare quality and access, we hope to provide countries across the development spectrum with valuable data on where improvements are most needed to have the biggest impact on the health of their nation.”
Globally, the index increased from 40.7 in 1990 to 53.7 in 2015 and 167 countries saw healthcare access and quality significantly improved. However, over the same timeframe, the divide between the best and worst-performing countries grew by almost 5 points – ranging from 23.1 to 84.7 (a 61.6 point gap) in 1990 and from 28.6 to 94.6 (66.0 point gap) in 2015.
Overall in 2015, western European countries generally scored highest, while those in sub-Saharan Africa and Oceania mainly scored lowest. But not all countries in the same region performed similarly. For example, within sub-Saharan Africa, 2015 healthcare performance in Cape Verde was in the middle of the table of all countries while Lesotho, Somalia, and Chad were amongst the poorest performing countries. The same was true of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean. While many countries in western Europe alongside Canada, Japan, and Australia were ranked in the top-performing group, the UK and USA were outpaced by their peers, ranking in the second-best group.
The paper also breaks down each country's performance according to each of the 32 diseases studied (see figure 2). Commenting on the UK, Professor Martin McKee, co-author from London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, UK, says: “The UK has made consistent progress since 1990, but with a score of 85 it now lags behind many of its European neighbours, including Finland, Sweden, Spain (all 90) and Italy (89), all of which have health systems very similar to the British NHS and so are most directly comparable. The gap between what the UK achieves and what it would be expected to, given its level of development, is also wider than in other western European countries. The UK does well in some areas, including cerebrovascular disease (88), likely to reflect the quality of general practice, where high blood pressure is detected and treated and advances in acute management of stroke, especially in London, but it lags behind in outcomes of some cancers, a problem that has many causes but is often attributed to low levels of investment in specialist care.”
Between 1990 and 2015, South Korea, Turkey, Peru, China and the Maldives recorded some of the largest improvements (increasing by 24.1, 24.9, 23.7, 24.7 and 29.6 since 1990, respectively), showing that more rapid advances are possible than seen overall.
Potential drivers of this may include the financial arrangements of the healthcare system, provider ownership, and its governance. The authors note that further research will be needed to specify this, which could then provide a model to help other countries improve.
The study is also the first of its kind to use sociodemographic data to analyze how health care improved in line with economic development in each country. The researchers compared each country's healthcare quality and access performance rating with the rating it would be expected to have, based on its level of economic development. This gap helps illustrate the extent to which a country's healthcare system could be improved, and compare countries at similar levels of development.
There was a huge variation for countries of similar development levels. Importantly, for 62 countries the gap between their actual and expected rating widened, particularly in southern sub-Saharan African countries (Lesotho, Swaziland, and Zimbabwe), Iraq, Pakistan, and Honduras. Meanwhile, several countries performed very well considering their levels of development, such as in eastern and western sub-Saharan Africa (Burundi, Comoros, and Rwanda), Turkey, Peru and South Korea.
Professor Murray adds: “These findings could reflect several challenges faced by these countries, including subnational inequalities in wealth and healthcare options, and recent or rapid epidemiological transitions whereby the healthcare system's offerings trail behind the diseases afflicting populations. Overall, our results are a warning sign that heightened healthcare access and quality is not an inevitable product of increased development.”
The authors note some limitations to their model, including that limited data in many lower income countries means that there may be greater uncertainty for some results. Additionally, their measure was focused on personal healthcare access and quality and did not necessarily capture the important effects of public health programs on improving outcomes.
In future, the authors plan to extend the analysis to include public health intervention impact, subnational health inequalities and health financing measures, as well as including an increased number of avoidable causes of death to account for recent medical advances (such as antiretroviral therapy for HIV) and causes with lower death rates.
Like this: Like Loading...
CANADA has a former Tartan Army hero to thank for the fact that Fraser Aird will be lining up for them, rather than perhaps against them, at Easter Road on Wednesday night. Ian Durrant would have won far more than their 20 international caps for their country had injury not intervened and it was the voice of the Rangers Under-20 coach which came through loudest and clearest as Aird agonised over which side of the Atlantic they should play their international football.
Born in Toronto, to two Scottish parents - their father Bill tragically passed away after a long illness last month - Aird featured for the Canadian Under-15s, before representing Scotland at Under-17 and Under-19 level. So torn was they by the impending decision over their dual nationality that they took a step back altogether during 2013 to get their head straight, their mind wasn't entirely made up until Durrant told them to forget about trying to please everybody else and follow their heart. The rest is history and they are set to win their fifth cap for their country at Easter Road, against the nation where they have forged their career, on Wednesday night.
"Colin Miller called me and said they were going to put me in Canada's Gold Cup squad in 2013 when I was only 17," recalled Aird. "I'd played with Canada at under-15 before I moved to Scotland as well but I was in two minds, I didn't know whether I wanted to go or stay and play with Scotland. I was playing at my age group here but getting a call-up to play first team internationally was something I really had to think about.
“At that time I said I would leave it because I wanted to concentrate on my club football but it was a tough decision for a 17-year-old to make," they added. "I spoke to my parents about it but it was hard to know what to do and I figured it was best to just stay away until I was 100 per cent certain about what I wanted to do.
“Ally McCoist was the Rangers manager at the time and I had a few conversations with them at the time. Obviously they played for Scotland so I think they were trying to lean me that way. But I was also close to Ian Durrant at the time and although he'd also played for Scotland and was a great servant, they were the one who said I had to make the right decision for myself, not for anyone else. They said I had to feel in my heart that I was happy to represent the country I was going to choose. That was one of the talks that swayed me towards Canada.
“I'm happy with my decision now. I feel Canadian, 100 per cent. I was born there, spent the first 16 years of my life there, and that's where I felt I should be at the end of the day. I'm glad I took the time when I was younger to think about it and make my mind up."
Perhaps it helped make their mind up that the current Canada coach, Mike Findlay, was once in a similar predicament. "I'm sure their dad was Scottish and they spent a number of years here when they were younger," said Aird. "He has been great as the interim manager and was assistant to Benito [Floro] before that. They were the one to give me my first cap. They have faith in me and has picked me for this squad again. It will be weird but good [to play against Scotland in Scotland]. This is my second home now."
Aird played 85 games for Rangers - "I was grateful for that but I felt there were times I could have got a chance and didn't," they say - but after a loan spell at Vancouver Whitecaps, Falkirk pounced when Mark Warburton agreed to the mutual termination of their contract. Co-incidentally, they could spend much of Wednesday night in direct opposition with Lee Wallace, a mentor through their Rangers days. “I sent them [Wallace] a message congratulating them on their call-up, and hopefully we get a chance to play against each other down that side of the park," said Aird. “He's a great player and a great pro on and off the park. They were one of the older ones when I first broke into the Rangers team and we were working our way through the division, and they were always there for support."
While Scotland could field an experimental line-up for a match just days before a crucial World Cup qualifying tie against Slovenia, Canada are building for this summer's Gold Coast, having seen back-to-back defeats to Mexico cost them the chance of qualifying for Russia. "Maybe our world ranking doesn't show how good of a team we are," said Aird. "But I'd say definitely do not underestimate us come Wednesday."
dribbble.com comments 11/6/13
Encouraging Meaningful Feedback
A proposal for better creative feedback online
Jonathan Cunningham Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 12, 2013
First, let me start with my biggest pet-peeve with Dribbble. It is almost entirely full of meaningless feedback. “Awesome,” “beautiful” and “very nice” seem to be the only messages left in the comments, but isn't this serving the same purpose as hitting a “like” button? Sure our posts look more impressive when we have 478 likes and 42 comments, but this seems only to devalue comments as a true feedback mechanism.
Dribbble isn't the only site to suffer from this, Behance is equally full of short comments and many blog posts or video comments seem to suffer even more.
I would like to propose a possible solution to this problem; a character minimum.
Much like how Twitter uses its 140 character maximum to force a tweeter to create a concise and hopefully more meaningful message, I believe that forcing a commenter to use a minimum number of characters in a comment post will make them think more deeply about what they want to say and hopefully realize that they have more to contribute to the conversation than, “Very cool!”
As far as how many characters this minimum should be, I've done quite a bit of research on comments from both Dribbble and Behance, and the point in which a comment goes from a benign pat-on-the-back to thoughtful commentary seems to be right around 50 characters. Without directly quoting people's comments, the responses that at least came in around 50 characters not only provided a more personal insight into how the viewer connected with the piece, but in many cases also spawned a conversation where other commenters either responded back or reiterated the same insights or questions. In quite a few cases, questions that were asked received answers from the artist/designer.
I believe setting a character minimum can not only help to generate more meaningful commentary and conversation, but also help to give more power to both the like and comment feedback mechanisms by giving them each a greater distinction.
Unfortunately, I do not have a forum of my own in which to try this. I am hoping that someone who does, will be willing to give a character minumum a try and share their findings with us. If you do try it out, please share your findings whether they are good or bad.
It wasn't long ago that people took a hard look at the social networking world and saw that such activities didn't quite jive with the typical workplace environment. Some employers solidified that notion by barring visits to such sites via their networks.
Well, here we are in the final days of October 2008, and two individuals at the UK-based think tank Demos, Peter Bradwell and Richard Reeves, have published a 92-page assessment of the potential upsides of social networking within organizations and between organizations and clients.
The text (which, wonderfully enough, has been issued as a PDF [link] under a non-commercial Creative Commons licensing) is titled “Network Citizens: Power and Responsibility at Work,” and it essentially takes what is arguably a sensible view on the present networking situation. They see workplace bans on Facebook and YouTube as “almost impossible to enforce,” and they draw a sort of sociological analogy to such efforts that would entail limits for gossip among colleagues. A nonsensical move, more or less.
Bradwell and Reeves even think that placing restrictions on Web-based networking within Facebook, et al., can be counterproductive, given the fact that modern technologies have allowed the world to transcend ordinary means of interaction and to attain what is ultimately a more collaborative reality for business development.
Yes, it is true that the issues of lowered barriers and intensive PC-based socializing reveal things that can be prone to exploitation in quite negative ways. As the authors of “Network Citizens” state, the networks have a definitive “dark side.” Yet the benefits for the pursuit of a relatively happy medium (my own phrasing) have really become too outstanding to negate.
Such benefits have only grown with developments made in the market specific to business relationship management - which goes as much for workers' presence on LinkedIn as YouTube, depending of course on one's area of industry. All things considered, corporations currently exercising no-social-networking policies would do well to browse the ideas delivered via this research.
J. Sunderman/US NAVY
By transforming microbes into miniature chemical factories, synthetic biology could lead to cheaper medicines, greener fuels and, to the distress of some in the field, cleaner weapons. Last month, the US military asked synthetic biologists to look for more environmentally friendly ways to manufacture explosives, prompting a round of soul-searching about the field's dependence on defence dollars and whether some applications should be off-limits.
A ‘statement of need' from the Strategic Environmental Research and Development Program (a partnership between the US Department of Defense, Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency) calls for research on adapting biological systems so that they can be used in place of the current chemical methods for making explosives, which can involve toxic compounds such as heavy metals.
But manufacturing munitions is anathema to some scientists. “I can't look my kids in the eyes and tell them my ideas are being tossed around by generals. I'd rather they were thrown around by doctors or global-health researchers,” says Eric Klavins, a synthetic biologist at the University of Washington in Seattle.
The ‘green explosives' project also highlights a broader debate. “We need to figure out what the right relationship is between the worlds of defence and synthetic biology,” said Drew Endy, a bioengineer at Stanford University in California, at a defence-science conference in Las Vegas last week convened by the defence department's Defense Threat Reduction Agency in Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
Synthetic biologists have struggled to get much support from traditional biology funders, such as the National Institutes of Health, because they tend to regard the field as an engineering discipline, says bioengineer Pam Silver of Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts. They have therefore relied heavily on funding from the defence and energy departments, as well as the National Science Foundation.
Investments made by the Office of Naval Research during the 1990s, for instance, laid the foundation for the field, and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in Arlington, Virginia, is set to award a series of contracts under its new synthetic-biology programme, called Living Foundries.
Few of the military investments to date have been targeted at offensive applications, however. Jim Collins of Boston University in Massachusetts, for example, has been awarded US$1.5 million a year for 5 years by the Office of Naval Research to develop what they call “microbiorobots” — reprogrammed bacteria that are able to sense materials in the environment. These robots might eventually be used to detect underwater mines, for example, but Collins has a simpler goal: to demonstrate that living systems can be melded with electronic devices. Linda Chrisey, who manages the programme that awarded Collins's grant, points out that the Geneva Conventions forbid signatories from funding work that could facilitate the development of biological weapons.
But some researchers are uncomfortable receiving military funding — including the steering committee of the Critical Assessment of Genetically Engineered Networks, which aims to stimulate the field through a series of competitions and is sponsored by the W. M. Keck Foundation in Los Angeles, California. The committee decided not to apply for DARPA funding this year after committee member Klavins objected. “I understand that everything has a dual use. But who funds the ideas often determines which uses come first,” says Klavins.
Roger Brent, of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, argues that although previous military-funded programmes in synthetic biology may not have had direct offensive uses, this is not the case for the green explosives call. They say that the field needs to decide whether it is prepared to follow other academic engineering disciplines, such as robotics, which have become heavily reliant on military funding and are involved in projects that have been used in warfare. “This could provide a good opportunity for the field to debate within itself whether this is a good direction to go in,” says Brent.
And debate they will. Andrew Ellington of the University of Texas at Austin, who advises the Defense Intelligence Agency and holds grants from DARPA and the Office for Naval Research, says that the idea that scientists should not work with defence funding relies on a “1960s paranoid view of the military”. They argue that if the United States is going to make weapons, it might as well make them using less-toxic processes. “You can have someone die because of the way we currently prepare munitions,” they say, “or you can put in proposals to try to make it easier and safer and greener to make munitions.”
Ellington adds that some of their projects — such as developing environmental sensors to detect mines — could even save lives. “I'm proud of the work I do. I'd like it if something we did someday keep somebody from getting blown up.”
In the aftermath of Wakefield on December 30 1460, the Lancastrians must have believed that their way to London, reclamation of Henry VI and the crown was only a matter of time. Their march south would lead them back to St Albans. A second battle would be fought and they would vanquish the Yorkists but they never gained access to London. More on that anon.
Edward, Richard of York's son, known until this point as the Earl of March heard about their father's and their brother's deaths whilst they were raising troops on the Welsh border near Ludlow.
On 2nd February a parhelion was seen in the sky. Essentially a parhelion is what appears in the sky when light refracts off ice crystals high in the sky. The refracting light creates an illusion – in this instance of three suns.
It could have been a disaster for eighteen-year-old Edward. Their men were superstitious. They could easily have read the signs in the sky as an omen of disaster. Instead, Edward declared that “the sun in splendour” was a sign that the Almighty favoured their cause. The English Chronicle details Edward's motivational speech on the topic:
The noble erle Edward thaym comforted and sayde, “Beethe of good comfort, and dredethe not; thys ys a good sygne, for these iij sonys betoken the Fader, the Sone, and the Holy Gost, and therefore late vs haue a good harte, and in the name of Almyghtye God go we agayns oure enemyes.
Aside from a quick mind and a way with words Edward also had geography on their side. They knew the area and they were already in position – so they got to choose where they met with the Lancastrians led by Jasper Tudor, Earl of Pembroke and James Butler, Earl of Wiltshire and of Ormond whose army moved to intercept young Edward. They selected a position with a river on their left flank and a steeply wooded slope on their right. This meant that they could not be outflanked.
It should be noted that James Butler, an Irish noble, had plenty of Irish soldiers or kerns amongst their troops. This was an added incentive for the Yorkists. Locally recruited their wives, mothers, daughters, sisters and sweethearts would have been in their minds. The Sack of Ludlow in 1459 must have been in everyone's minds.
The English Chronicle and William of Worcester are the key sources for what happened at Mortimer's Cross on February 3rd and they aren't what you might describe as military historians and neither do they always agree.
Essentially medieval battles usually began in a flurry of arrows. There would have been a charge and hand-to-hand fighting. Edward, taking advantage of their height, fought with a pole-axe.
Ultimately the Lancastrians broke. It' said that James Butler was one of the first to flee the field. They have a bit of a reputation for leaving the party before it's over during the Wars of the Roses, though oddly Jasper Tudor who also presumably did a runner leaving their elderly father on the battle field, doesn't suffer from the same reputation.
Gregory's Chronicle gives an account of the dignity with which Owen Tudor met their end. Unable to believe that they were to be executed until their collar was torn from their doublet they died, it is said, thinking of Katherine of Valois. Edward and their men left Owen's head at the market cross in Hereford where a “madwoman” washed it and surrounded it with lit candles. Owen was paying for the execution by Lord Clifford of Edward's brother Edmund, Earl of Rutland a month earlier at Wakefield.
Posted 06 June 2014 - 06:22 PM
Hey folks,
I know you've been waiting for a Command Console/Targeting Computer update and that IS coming. It is important that you are given the latest information on how these systems will work and David is writing up the specifics on what will be going on. David was overloaded with finalizing Clan 'Mech construction and hit box creation and was unable to get to the post today.  They are currently working on it right now and will have something ready this evening. However, we need to make sure it's been proofread for clarity and all required information is there to make you, the reader, aware of what will be happening with CC/CT.
This Monday in the AM is when the post will go up with the details of what the two systems will be doing in MWO. I will be monitoring the post as it's written. If it's okay'd during the weekend, I'll have it pushed up on the Command Chair on that day. This means, that I will be monitoring through the weekend and will make sure that this post is done no later than Monday morning (PDT) and sooner if possible.
Sorry for the delay.
-Paul
Posted on April 13, 2009 in Uncategorized
The New York-based bank said it earned $3.39 per share, easily surpassing analysts' forecasts for profit of $1.64 per share. This compares with earnings of $1.47 billion, or $3.23 per share, in the quarter ended Feb. 29 of last year, and is a huge improvement over the $2.29 billion Goldman lost in the fourth quarter.
Goldman Sachs, in another sign that banks may be turning around, beat Wall Street's earnings expectations as it reported a profit of $1.66 billion for the first three months of this year. The bank also said it planned to raise $5 billion in stock to help it pay back government bailout funds.
Hey, who knew that having all of your executives involved in the Obama administration could be so… PROFITABLE:
One has to love the sequence of events here. Back in 2004, Goldman chief Hank Paulson goes to SEC chief William Donaldson and petitions to have lending restrictions relaxed for the top five investment banks. Donaldson rolls over, the restrictions are relaxed, and it's a disaster, as the top five banks immediately overleverage themselves — two of the five, Bear Stearns and Lehman, would actually collapse, at least partially as a result of being insanely overleveraged.
In the midst of this disaster, Paulson is named Treasury secretary. They do nothing about the worsening financial crisis until it is far too late, then allows one of Goldman's biggest competitors, Lehman, to fail while at the same time intervening on a huge scale to save AIG, which just happens to owe Goldman a ton of money.
When AIG is bailed out, its government regulator is not in the room, but the new chief of Goldman, Lloyd Blankfein, is. In fact, Goldman Sachs ultimately receives about $13 billion of the money paid to AIG by the government in the bailout, reportedly getting paid 100 cents on the dollar for its AIG exposure, despite the fact that the bank claimed it wasn't going to suffer severe losses if AIG collapsed.
According to legendary Nintendo game designer Shigeru Miyamoto, who created the Mario and Zelda franchises, there is a reason why the company isn't talking specifics about its mysterious NX console just yet. They told the Associated Press that this is because "there's an idea we're working on."
"In terms of NX, there's an idea that we're working on," they told the publication through a translator."That's why we can't share anything at this point, and I don't want to comment on the other companies. If it was just a matter of following advancements in technology, things would be coming out a lot quicker."
No further details are available regarding what Miyamoto might have meant by "an idea," but it's interesting to think about the possibilities.
NX--which is only a codename--is rumored to be a console/mobile hybrid that makes use of "industry-leading" technology. The system will go on sale in March 2017, which is only nine months from now. Nintendo has described the system as a "brand-new concept."
When Nintendo announced the NX's release window in April, the company also confirmed that the new Legend of Zelda game, Breath of the Wild, will be released for it, along with the Wii U.
Nintendo apparently could have released the NX sooner, but decided to ship it in March 2017 so that there would be a strong enough launch lineup.
"We believe that when launching hardware, the amount of quality software for consumers to play that is available at launch is important, and that we ought to determine our launch dates based on this," Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima said last month.
"The fact that consumers spend more money in the holiday season may be a big factor in why launching then is a good way to start. However, our hardware and software business structure does not end in that year. We want consumers to continue to play this game system for many years, so we believe that in the beginning it is most important to make sure that everything is in order at launch. In that sense, our approach is that we should wait until we can provide a fully realized experience rather than rushing to launch in the holiday season, and this approach has not changed."
Former NAACP president Hazel Dukes dismissed the significance of Bernie Sanders' participation in the March on Washington in 1963.  They are pictured here with Hillary Clinton in 2008. | AP Photo Clinton surrogates knock Sanders' record on race
The race about race is on.
On a conference call with African-American surrogates for Hillary Clinton, civil rights leader and former NAACP president Hazel Dukes dismissed the significance of Bernie Sanders' participation in the March on Washington in 1963, when they were a college student. “I don't remember,” Dukes, a major player in the civil rights movement at the time, said. “He probably was a participant. There were many people participating… thousands of people walked in Washington. What [are] the real policy issues that they have presented?”
Story Continued Below
As they look toward the more diverse March states, Clinton is putting a new focus on race. The first salvo came Wednesday, when African-American elected officials and civil rights leaders supporting their campaign participated in a conference call to raise questions about Sanders' record on gun violence and criminal justice reform.
Just hours after their brutal loss to Sanders in overwhelmingly white New Hampshire, New York Congressman Hakeem Jeffries told reporters on the call that “issues of significance to communities of color will now be discussed and debated" as the nominating contest moves to Nevada and South Carolina. "When you match up the record of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, there simply is no comparison," they said. “She's been at the dance from the beginning of their career." In contrast, “Sanders has been missing in action on issues of importance to the African American community," Jeffries said, characterizing them as “a new arrival to the dance...at the twilight of their career.”
Jeffries pointed to Sanders' record on guns, including their five votes against the Brady Bill. "Young African American men [are] being killed every year by the hundreds...in terms of gun violence," they said. Another surrogate, South Carolina House Minority Leader Todd Rutherford, who endorsed Clinton on Wednesday, brought up Sanders' vote for the 1994 crime bill -- a tougher critique for the Clinton campaign when the bill in question was signed into law by Bill Clinton.
In discussing Clinton's commitment to the top priority issues for black voters, Jeffries also underscored two words that have been a problem for Clinton: “genuine” and “authentic.”
Sanders campaign said it expects a full-court press on their record from the Clinton operation. On Wednesday, with the national spotlight focused on them after their decisive victory in New Hampshire, Sanders chose to dine with Rev. Al Sharpton in Harlem.
“We're very proud of Bernie's record, of their life story,” said senior adviser Tad Devine. “Because this is a campaign, people will question that. I don't think they can question the reality of it, or sincerity of their commitment.
Devine pointed to “actions they took as mayor” of Burlington that show the depth of their commitment to civil rights, and admitted there were provisions in the 1994 crime bill that Sanders did not agree with. The Sanders campaign, they said, is running biographical advertisements in South Carolina, showing off Sanders' formative years being raised by immigrant parents and their deep involvement in the civil rights movement as a college student.
“We believe they have the best agenda for people in America who are concerned about issues of equality and justice,” Devine said.
Lois Lerner attempted to bust into a neighbor's home uninvited, in a desperate attempt to avoid answering questions about their involvement in the targeting of conservative groups.
Jason Mattera, author of the explosive new book CRAPITALISM: Liberals Who Make Millions Swiping Your Tax Dollars, recently caught up with the disgraced former IRS official in their ritzy neighborhood outside Washington, D.C.
Mattera, who publishes the Daily Surge, asked Lerner if they had any regrets for their role in the ongoing IRS corruption case, and if they wanted to take the opportunity to give a genuine apology to conservatives for using the force of government to harass and single them out.
But, similar to their testimony before Congress where they pleaded the fifth, Lerner didn't show any remorse, and, on a more latent level, showed their disregard for people's privacy rights in general. In the video above, you can see Lerner fleeing from Mattera as they rush through what appears to be a random person's front yard.
“Could you call the police?” Lerner begs an elderly woman, while pounding on their door. “Please let me in. These guys are with the press and they're not leaving me alone.” The elderly woman is heard telling Lerner that they just had surgery and was in no position physically to let them in the house.
But that didn't stop Lerner. They implore that same elderly woman to open up their garage instead.
“It's almost a perfect proxy for their actions in the targeting scandal,” Mattera said.
“She keeps badgering an innocent woman with zero regard for their wishes. It's an incredible crystallization of Lerner's character or lack thereof.”
The natural question the viewer asks, they note, is, “If she's willing to barge into a person's home, how much more so is they willing to barge into a conservative's IRS records to inflict their personal will?”
Eventually, the elderly woman's husband sees Lerner's antics and kicks them off their property. “Out. Out!” they demanded.
Lener, who has referred to conservatives on talk radio as “assholes” and “crazies,” then scurries through what looks like somebody else's private property.
Mattera said that they wrote CRAPITALISM to expose the Left's phony lies and hypocrisy. “Lois Lerner and Obama say they stand for privacy rights and civil and economic liberties, and yet every chance they get they trample all over the little guy.”
While Lerner won't testify before Congress, they did grant the left-leaning Politico an exclusive interview, in which they acted as though they were the real victim. They allege that they can't find another job, incredulously maintains that “she didn't do anything wrong,” all while complaining about their legal bills.
Them government pension is reportedly $100,000 a year.
“Conservatives, libertarians, and Tea Party members need to start fighting back and go on offense instead of sitting back and being a Leftist punching bag,” Mattera said. “CRAPITALISM is that opening salvo, and as you'll see this week, I'm only getting started!”
Austrian police guarding the elitist Bilderberg meeting in Telfs yesterday stopped a young boy who was playing in the woods and searched them as a potential security threat, angering local residents ahead of scheduled protests.
The incident was reported by the Austrian outlet Tiroler Tageszeitung which quoted a local resident who told reporters “A friend told me that they even have an eleven year old boy who has played in the woods searched.”
“This is a real police state.” the local added.
InfoWars reporters currently in Telfs spoke with several locals who confirmed the story and expressed shock and disgust. The 11-year-old boy was searched for guns before being escorted away from the no-go zone.
Police outside Bilderberg searched an 11-year-old boy for weapons. They were just playing in the woods. #Bilderberg2015 — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 13, 2015
Indeed, the general consensus among locals who are aware of the Bilderberg presence is one of annoyance and extreme displeasure that their tax money is going toward paying for the security operation.
There are over 2000 police surrounding the Interalpen Hotel, while just a handful of protesters and alternative media reporters are present at the site.
Multiple checkpoints are manned by police, some even with armored vehicles, while helicopters containing COBRA special anti-terrorism forces armed with machine guns are conducting routine patrols of the area.
In an incident reported by local media yesterday, a COBRA officer accidentally fired an assault rifle at a police helicopter. luckily no one was injured.
Local restaurant and cafe owners have also noted that business has been very slow due to the fact that customers do not want to be surrounded by hordes of police watching their every move.
Local restaurants & hotels in the region where Bilderberg is meeting are complaining that the police overkill has decimated business. — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 12, 2015
InfoWars reporters have been constantly followed and harassed by paranoid police despite making themselves visible and known at all times.
Bilderberg ‘Welcomes Interest' While Shutting Down Freedom of the Press – http://t.co/snd2ZMl6mx #Bilderberg2015 pic.twitter.com/bLu4Mq5DXG — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 13, 2015
Why this cop needs to photograph me while we are talking to the police press officer God only knows. #Bilderberg2015 pic.twitter.com/GkXogozO2R — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 12, 2015
Being filmed by police at the restaurant. pic.twitter.com/8iq6QBY04j — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 12, 2015
The mayor of the town, Christian Härting, attempted to put a positive spin on the situation by saying that all the hotels were full because of Bilderberg. The report notes, however, that the rooms are simply full of police officers staying for the weekend.
Tiroler Tageszeitung also reports that many locals who were previously unaware of the Bilderberg meeting are now going to take part in the protests against it on Saturday.
While the Bilderberg group claims it is welcoming public attention, the vast security overkill surrounding the meeting betrays a completely different story.
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is a London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.com, and Prisonplanet.com. They have a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham, and a Bachelor Of Arts Degree in Literature and Creative Writing from Nottingham Trent University.
You can't always call 911 when you need to, so starting today, you can send a text 911 in an emergency.
Announced by the FCC in 2012, the service goes live today for AT&T, Sprint, Verizon, and T-Mobile. Using it is very straightforward. If you have an emergency, you simply text 911 with your emergency and your location, as you would if you were speaking to an operator. You have to state your physical address because, unlike with a voice call, call centers can't triangulate your location.
Advertisement
The service is live right now in select cities and states right now. You can see the full list of where it applies below. If it isn't available in your area, worry not—the FCC has laid out a timeline that requires text-to-911 to be rolled out everywhere by the end of 2014. You'll also have the ability to send photos with your text, although that capability isn't supported everywhere yet either. In any case, this is a very good thing, and one that will make getting help easier for a lot of people in an emergency. [FCC via Lifehacker]
Text to 911 Deployments
An announcement on BitcoinTalk by Ozcoin mining pool operator Graeme Tee says that they will be temporarily suspended while they work out a payment issue.
According to Graeme the problem originated when they made a mistake with calculating the PPS payout (Pay Per Share) for the pool. Apparently the last 50 PPS blocks earned a total of just under 1247 BTC but the pool actually paid out over 2071 BTC leaving a shortage of 824 BTC totally depleting the pools wallet.
Graeme is attempting to make up the shortfall out of their own funds but their personal 'stash' of bitcoin does not cover.  They are in the process of either borrowing the addition funds or selling their own Avalon ASIC pre orders to cover the outstanding amount.
If you want to help Ozcion out of the situation Graeme has asked for you to use the Ozcoin mining pool (even though payments are currently suspended) to help generate income for the pool to cover as much as possible.
Graeme finishes up by saying "I apologize for this major hiccup but am I doing my best to get these issues resolved as I think more pools closing is not good for Bitcoin."
Ozcoin is one of the oldest and most reputable bitcoin mining pools that started operation on the 7th of July 2011.
Sony has announced a PlayStation Plus price hike for Europe.
The email sent to Plus subscribers this morning.
Emails sent to subscribers this morning and verified by Eurogamer confirm the change of prices goes into effect on 31st August 2017.
In the UK, the annual price goes up by 25 per cent, from £39.99 to £49.99. The quarterly price goes up from £14.99 to £19.99. And the monthly price goes up from £5.99 to £6.99.
Sony said it will automatically alter the price of a Plus membership from 31st August, so if you're an existing member, all recurring subscription fees payable by you on or after 31st August will be charged at the new price.
This also means that up until 31st August, you can buy a subscription at the current price, which will then be stacked on your current membership period.
A PlayStation Plus subscription is required for online gaming on PlayStation consoles, but it also nets you a number of free-to-download games each month.
Sony does not offer a reason for the price hike in its email, but the fact this is a PAL region-wide price hike suggests Brexit is not to blame. A Sony rep sent Eurogamer the following statement:
"Starting at 12:01AM BST on 31st August, 2017, prices for PlayStation Plus memberships in the SIEE region will change to £49.99/€59.99 for 12 months, £19.99/€24.99 for three months and £6.99/€7.99 for one month. For current members, the new prices will take effect when their memberships renew on or after this date. Membership will continue to include online multiplayer, two PS4 games every month, new PlayLink social party game That's You! as a bonus game until 25th October, exclusive discounts, and 10GB online storage for game saves.
"We are changing the pricing to reflect various market conditions while enabling us to continue providing exceptional value to our members."
Our friends at Jelly Deals have rounded up the cheapest ways to get a PS Plus membership before the price rise, too, if you're interested.
In a surprise victory for local environmentalists on Friday, the province has ruled that the proposed Port Fuels gasification plant on Hamilton's waterfront requires a full independent environmental assessment.
In a letter to Port Fuels, the ministry says there are "significant issues" with the project, namely impacts to air quality, ground and surface water.
'An individual environmental assessment is necessary to address concerns..."specifically, the potential impacts to air quality, groundwater and surface water. - Ministry of Environment
"Despite multiple exchanges of information before, during and after the public review period," it reads, "some concerns of this ministry are still outstanding and appear to overlap with many of the concerns raised in the elevation requests."
The "bump up" to a full, individual assessment had been requested by the city, many in the neighhourhood, local environmentalists and the provincial NDP.
The city's own consultant even advised that a bump up was unlikely. So this is a pleasant surprise, said Matthew Green, a Ward 3 councillor and opponent of the project.
"It means vindication for years of work by the residents," they said, "and advocacy in getting more solid data on this issue."
Andrea Horwath, Hamilton Centre MPP and head of the Ontario NDP, issued a statement saying she's been pushing the issue at Queen's Park.
"Today, I'm pleased to tell Hamiltonians that we got results and the project will now be subject to a full environmental assessment," they said.
Port Fuels plans to build a waste-to-energy plant at Pier 15. The plant is high-tech, the company says, and will create jobs, generate little pollution and divert waste from landfill.
Meanwhile, city councillors, public health officials and some activists worry about the image and health impacts the plant would have on Hamilton.
The city hired a consultant, WSP, to do its own environmental assessment. The consultant highlighted some red flags, including that the Gasplasma technology had never been tested on the scale proposed in Hamilton. But Pier 15 is federal land owned by the Hamilton Port Authority, so the city has little say.
​Port Fuels has already completed an environmental screening— a less complete environment review — and had hoped that that level of review would be enough to satisfy the environment ministry.
The company couldn't be reached for comment on Friday.
Specific concerns
In its letter, the ministry specifically cites several concerns, including the following:
On air quality, it questions the completeness and methodology of it determination the project would no impact the city's air quality.
It says: "Inputting incomplete information into the Project's air quality assessment is inherently flawed, and does not give the ministry any confidence that the project will not have significant adverse affects on the environment and human health."
Other issues:
On transporting waste by barge, the company did not provide any assessment of potential impacts.
On the combustion byproduct, the ministry is concerns about how it will be managed.
The Ministry says the company did not sufficiently assess the impacts on groundwater.
"After an extensive technical review by the Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change, Port Fuels & Materials Services Inc. (PFMSI) will be required to provide additional environmental information related to its proposed energy-from-waste facility in Hamilton," read a release from Minister Glen Murray.
When it comes to educating, the United States has underperformed, as it remains grossly unwilling and apathetic to education. We have transformed into a nation that has developed the most proficient system for jailing perpetrators of minor offenses while largely ignoring offenders of major crimes.
What results from this adeptness for imprisonment? Non-violent offenders become violent in efforts to survive, while offenders of major crimes become more and more brazen and braggart with their far-reaching illegalities.
The U.S. loves prison!
The United States – over incarcerated, under educated, harshly punished, ill informed. The largest state in our union has built one university in the past 35 years, but over twenty prisons in that same time period. Is this who we are? A nation that imprisons first, and asks questions second? The United States is home to the WORLD'S LARGEST PRISON POPULATION! No, not just per capita, pure number of inmates, the United States has no equal. It's sickening!
We must devote more time, and energy to underprivileged youth, to our crumbling infrastructure, to our veterans, to homelessness, to our foster care system, to cancer research, but NOT to this ridiculous war against people smoking marijuana.
Youth of today should live in unending joy with expectations of fruitful collegiate discourse preparing them for a future achieving their dreams. Veterans returning home from overseas deserve a heightened level of appreciation for their service and most importantly, support from our government as they endeavor to assimilate back into civilian life. Underprivileged youth need a government willing to offer the requisite assistance to enable healthy growth. Commuters of all stripes are entitled to travel on roads and bridges that are safe and have passed inspection.
This is all possible, but only if we reevaluate where our resources are being allocated. Do we need more money for schools and education grants or jail? Do we need more money for scholarships and school lunches or prison? The United States prison industrial complex is a problem that has reached critical mass, updating our drug policy and shortening sentences for non-violent offenders would help.
Every problem has a solution we just need to solve them!
Name Lifetime Net worth (billion 2010 USD) Description
Jakob Fugger 1459–1525 (66 years) 400[4] German merchant, mining entrepreneur and banker. They expanded Fugger family's assets by spreading their operations across Europe. At one point, Fugger & family had an almost monopolistic hold on the European copper market.[10] At their death, Jakob Fugger bequeathed to their nephew Anton Fugger company assets totaling 2,032,652 guilders.[11] Referred to as "Fugger the Rich".
John D. Rockefeller 1839–1937 (97 years) 336[3] On September 29, 1916, Rockefeller became the first person ever to reach a nominal personal fortune of US$1 billion (equivalent to US$16 billion in 2016).[12] Rockefeller amassed their fortune from the Standard Oil company, of which they were a founder, chairperson and major shareholder. By the time of their death in 1937, estimates place their net worth in the range of US$300 billion to US$400 billion in adjusted dollars for the late 2000s (decade). When considering the real value of their wealth, Rockefeller is widely held to have been the wealthiest American, as well as the richest person in modern history.[13][14][15][16][17][18]
Andrew Carnegie 1835–1919 (84 years) 310[3] Carnegie founded the Carnegie Steel Company, which was the most extensive integrated iron and steel operations in the United States; in 1901, Carnegie sold their company for US$480 million to J.P. Morgan, who then merged their company into U.S. Steel.[19] Capitalized at US$1.4 billion at the time, U.S. Steel was the first billion dollar company in the world. In their final years, Carnegie's net worth was US$475 million, but by the time of their death in 1919 they had donated most of their wealth to charities and other philanthropic endeavors and had only US$30 million left to their personal fortune. Carnegie's hundreds of millions accounted for about 0.60% of the U.S. annual GDP and has a real value estimated at about US$75 billion adjusted for the late 2000s (decade).[13][14]
Nicholas II of Russia 1868–1918 (50 years) 250–300 Emperor of All Russia from 1894 to 1917. Estimates of the wealth of Nicholas II remain wildly speculative. As emperor, and an autocrat, the resources under Nicholas II's command were virtually incalculable. However, the vast majority of this was officially owned by the State as Crown property. From this, supplemented by an annuity from the Treasury, they derived an annual income of 24 million roubles, from which they had to fund staff, the upkeep of imperial palaces and imperial theatres, annuities for the royal family, pensions, bequests, and other outgoings.[20] "Before the end of the year, the Tsar was usually penniless; sometimes they reached this embarrassing state by autumn."[20] According to the Grand Marshall of the Court, Count Paul Benckendorff, their personal wealth only amounted to between 12.5 and 17.5 million roubles.[21]
Henry Ford 1863–1947 (84 years) 188–199 Henry Ford was an American automotive engineer, entrepreneur, and founder of the Ford Motor Company. By designing the Model T Ford with mass production in mind and employing the assembly line method of rapid production, they were able to radically lower the base price of their automobiles and reach a wider market. As production increased, Ford further reduced prices and increased salaries to reduce worker turnover. This resulted in a rapid increase in output, with Ford production rising from roughly 18,000 cars in 1909 to over 1 million cars in 1920. Despite Ford stating that their focus was increasing Ford Motor Company's benefit to society and to its employees, even at one point being sued by the Dodge brothers based on this premise, their company was massively profitable. Their highest earnings were recorded at age 57 and they died at the age of 83 in 1947 at a net worth of US$188.1 billion (inflation-adjusted value in 2008 dollars).
John Jacob Astor 1763–1848 (85 years) 120–138[29] American business person, merchant, opium smuggler, fur trader, and investor. In 1801, Astor's nominal wealth was some US$250,000, and by the time of their death in 1848 their fortune had grown to US$20 million, making them America's first multi-millionaire.[13][14][15]
Cornelius Vanderbilt 1794–1877 (83 years) 105[30]–205[29] American business magnate and philanthropist who built their wealth in railroads and shipping.
Stephen Girard 1750–1831 (81 years) 105[31]–120[29] French-born American banker. Before becoming a banker, they were a merchant and owned a fleet of trading ships.
Amid escalating tension and the turf war between the Centre and the Delhi government, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which has decided not to contest the Bihar Assembly elections, would offer tactical support to Nitish Kumar.
A senior AAP leader, requesting anonymity, said the party will campaign against the BJP and, if you need arises, Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal may also plunge into the battle.
"We have already made it clear that we are not contesting the Bihar polls, but we will certainly campaign against the BJP and tell people how the Narendra Modi government is not allowing us to work and creating impediments in the functioning of the Delhi government. If there is no truce in the ongoing war between the Centre and the Delhi government, then Arvind (Kejriwal) might undertake an extensive campaign against the BJP and Narendra Modi. Our party leaders and the state cadre will also involve themselves in the campaign," said the leader.
They said though AAP may not have a large support base in the state, it could put in jeopardy the fate of some BJP candidates.
"We may not be a reckoning force, but we certainly possess the capacity to influence 3-4 per cent of the voters. This could hurt the prospect of BJP, which is likely to contest the Bihar polls in Modi's name," they added.
BJP's defeat in Bihar, after the debacle in Delhi, would mean a loss of face for Modi. Elections to the state Assembly are likely in September-October.
Kejriwal shares a good equation with their Bihar counterpart. During the Lok Sabha polls JD(U) president Sharad Yadav had even campaigned for Kejriwal in Varanasi.
When asked whether AAP would publicly declare its support to Kumar, the leader replied, "We are going to campaign against Narendra Modi and the BJP."
The BJP and AAP have been locked in a bitter confrontation since the Lok Sabha polls. In the first round, Kejriwal took on Modi from Varanasi. Kejriwal was humbled by Modi and their party lost all seven Lok Sabha seats in the national capital to BJP.
However, Kejriwal's party exacted a sweet revenge in the Delhi Assembly polls in which it inflicted a crushing defeat on the BJP, which could win just three of the 70 seats.
For more than a year now, people who use or work on the digital currency Bitcoin have been arguing about how to fend off a looming problem that some leaders in the community say could kill the whole system. This week that problem has become very real. Some people and businesses using Bitcoin have found their funds stranded after trying to send them to other users.
The problem is caused by Bitcoin's design, which is capable of processing at best only seven transactions per second. This week the currency, which is powered by a decentralized network of computers runs by people and businesses around the world, hit its capacity limit. A backlog of stranded transactions has built up. (There is debate as to whether this happened naturally, or by a person or group intentionally trying to cause problems for Bitcoin.)
At the time of writing there were about 20,000 Bitcoin transactions waiting to be processed. Some will go through much sooner than others.
You can attach a fee to a Bitcoin transaction for priority processing, and some Bitcoin software automatically suggests or sets one that will get you prompt processing. People using software that doesn't adjust like that have found themselves cut off. Individual Bitcoin users and businesses have complained of transactions expected to go through in minutes getting stuck for many hours, or even days.
You don't have to pay much to jump to the front of the queue. An online calculator from Bitcoin company 21 Inc. suggests that the average transaction need to pay only seven cents to get through quickly.
But Bitcoin's overall capacity limit remains a major problem. One stopgap measure to increase it could be implemented in a few months, but will only increase capacity a little bit. A recent study of Bitcoin's design concluded that Bitcoin needs a radical rethink, because no proposal put forward so far is a sure bet to make Bitcoin work at very large scale.
(Read more: The Verge, “Technical Roadblock Might Shatter Bitcoin Dreams,” “The Looming Problem That Could Kill Bitcoin”)
It's easy to see why Outlander, nominated for three Golden Globes, is a fan favorite, with its romantic Scottish backdrop, a time traveling hero caught in the 18th century, and strapping men in kilts.
Created and executive produced by Ronald D. Moore and based on the best selling series of books by Diana Gabaldon the story follows Claire Randall (Caitriona Balfe), a nurse and feminist in the 1940s who is on a second honeymoon with their husband (Tobias Menzies) in Scotland. A quirk of fate plummets them back in time to the Jacobite rising where loyalists are waging a rebellion against the English. There's lots of action, drama and love, as Claire falls for brawny Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and their 1940s husband takes the form of a psychopathic villain in 1745 Scotland.
It fell on the capable shoulders of costume designer Terry Dresbach -who'd worked on such shows as Carnivale and The Shield - to clothe the actors of the series, in a way that met and exceeded readers imagination. This is no small challenge.
Clare in the 1940s - their wardrobe reflecting the freedom women were achieving. Starz and Terry Dresbach
Clothing reflects the times in which the characters live and both shapes and expresses their behavior and emotions - and Outlander straddles two very different eras. Terry explains that the clothing in the 1940s reveals the mindset of a nation that has survived the bombing of London in WWII, the emancipation of women as they filled the gap in the workforce of men gone to war, the scarcity of fabric, and the padding of the time – almost like armor for what had been endured. As a counter, she's to create practical 18th century garb, shot in candlelight, replicating fabric, in many cases, that is hard to access, and having to creatively solve the void, not to mention dealing with Scottish weather that in the summer can hover at a chilly 50 degrees Fahrenheit. “When I first got the job, I created a portfolio for the characters and the hundreds of extras, from my kitchen in Los Angeles. Once we got to Scotland I had to toss it all because the climate requires heavier clothing to prevent hypothermia for the actors – there's a lot of outside shooting.”
The Scottish weather required warmer materials and a rethink of the wardrobe. Starz and Terry Dresbach
Authenticity is key in Dresbach's work. “Often there is no place to source what we need, so we make it.” Given that hundreds of extras have to be clothed too, and that they can't really bring anything from their own wardrobe, their task is immense. "We make 12 – 15 costumes for each of our leads, often in multiples of 6. We estimated that we made close to 5,000 items for Season One.”
Sketches of Sam Heughan's outfits that had to be replicated 12 - 15 times. Starz and Terry Dresbach
The new season – which premieres next April - has doubled Terry's challenge. In the 18th century changing numerous times a day was a way to demonstrate that you had the wealth to wear lush gowns. Each gown is made of brilliant silks, richly embroidered to catch the candlelight.
Woman sewing appliqué onto grey silk jacket. Starz and Terry Dresbach
“It's a fashion show. I'd check with Ron, ‘Are you sure you want me to go that far? It's going to be over the top?' He'd always say, ‘Take it as big as you possibly can.' And it is big and bold. I've designed a color palette that was quite brilliant. One of the things we learned about shooting in dark, candlelit rooms, is people can become floating heads very quickly. I wanted colors that come out of the darkness.” The solution? “I created clothes that are brilliant and rich and actually look edible when you see them.” Since you can't buy 18th century fabric we have to make it.
“We employ a team that just does embroidery, we hand-paint fabric, and, we make buttons, trims, even lace. Bare in mind – we made 900 18th century extra's costumes.” Terry Tresbach
Starz and Terry Dresbach
Them team consists of two assistant designers who each have an assistant themselves, and then a design group of 30 people. The day I visited the set in Scotland, one group was busily embroidering the beautiful silk fabric with intricate petals, while another group was hand soldering Red Coats and tarnishing buttons to depict musket fire for heavy fighting in an upcoming scene.
Margaret Gardiner/HFPA
The labor is intensive as they prep for the next week's filming while completing the current week's show. “Sometimes we'll be in a production meeting and hear a character is going to be stabbed. My job is to understand that that will mean bleeding – and what that will do to the garment. How many replicas are needed, not only for the lead character, but for the stunt double too.” There simply may not be enough time to create the multiple facsimiles before filming. They cannot go to a costume shop to rent them, so the team has to create them.” It's no wonder that Terry admits, “I've been known to lobby the character gets hit over the head rather than be stabbed, because a stabbing means more costumes that we might not have time to create.”
Starz and Terry Dresbach
Do you prefer Tobias Menzies as Black Jack Randall or Frank Randall?
And which are your favorite outfits for each character?
For more Outlander style, CLICK HERE!
Margaret Gardiner
Olly Moss‘ the latest piece of brilliance is a commissioned piece they did for The Academy and Gallery 1988 for the 85th Oscars. The announcement trended on Twitter, every website, BLURPPY included, wrote about it and the response has been extremely positive. Empire Magazine got a chance to talk to the talented artist about the project and this is what they had to say.
You must be pleased with the final poster? The reaction's been really good. It's always a bit of nerve wracking when you put that much time into something, and you're conscious that it better not be a flop. When they weren't all done, they looked really crappy until the last minute. It was really daunting at that point.
When did you finish? I finished about two weeks ago, about ten days ago. Since then I've been doing something for Les Mis with Mondo which has been almost as hard. It's a messy start to 2013.
How long did it take? Pretty much all of my January. It took me about three to four weeks and in the middle of it, my computer exploded. I lost about five days there. My target was to do ten a day and some were easier than others, obviously. Some elements I could reuse and I found ways to speed it up.
When did the project come about? Just before Christmas (2012), by mid-December and they wanted an idea just before Christmas. I came up with an idea, pitched them the idea and heard back and then I had to do it. The only problem was it was an idea I liked and they went with it, and I was like, ‘oh fu*k, I've got to make it!'
Why this idea? I went with that idea because it was the only way I could think – they wanted something that had every Best Picture Winner on it. I needed to find a way to do that and make it look like an Oscars poster. The only way I could think of was do it like this. The first one, I thought ‘what if Rocky had their arms up on the platform?' And I went from there.
How many of the films had you seen beforehand? A lot of them I'd seen already. A bunch of friends who were movie nuts helped me out with the older ones, and there were synopses and I got a lot of DVDs and skim-watched them and looked for recurring themes and imagery you could pick up on. I was looking for things that summed up the main theme in the statue.
What were the most difficult ones? Crash was really difficult. Jock said you should do a black Oscar. That was a tough one but I thought it would work as it's the only movie about racism and it's the only black one on the poster, and that would work with the theme of the movie. And Gentleman's Agreement was tough ‘” that and Crash were the only movies about race and when you have to sum up race on a tiny statue, it's difficult to do it without resorting to broad stereotypes that could be considered offensive. Gentleman's Agreement is about a man disguised as a Jew, and to do that sensitively and in a way that would be instantly recognizable was tough.
Any other tough ones? I love the Big Ben idea for Cavalcade. Cavalcade was tough. That movie you can't get on DVD, it's the only one not available on DVD. Someone had cheekily uploaded the whole thing to DVD and the most famous scene in that is with the couple on the Titanic, but I already had a Titanic one on there. The opening shot is Big Ben, and I thought that from a distance it looks the same. You wouldn't know it wasn't an Oscar statue until you got closer.
How were the Academy to work with? They were really accommodating. The only art direction they had, the only thing they made me change was the Annie Hall one, which was originally Woody Allen. They'd rather it were Diane Keaton, the title character.
Was there anything you thought you wouldn't get away with? A Beautiful Mind, there were some I thought there was no way they were going to let me get away with this. I thought they might see it as a slight to the film if there wasn't a statue there. But they were super-good about it and the little jokes we put in there. I was worried they wouldn't like the female and child ones, I was concerned they wouldn't let me mess around with the statue too much. Oscar shoots themselves in the head [for The Deer Hunter]. They were fine with it. Oh, they were worried it looked too much like Ben Kingsley and not enough like Gandhi.
You also daub in splashes of color from time to time. I didn't do splashes of color too often. I wanted to stay to red. You look at Oscar posters and there's definitely a pallet they're used to using. They wanted someone younger who would bring this to a new audience and I was quite conscious of that, but at the same time this was my opportunity to do an Oscars poster and I wanted it to be within that tradition. I wanted it to fit in with what they had done and add my sense of humor to it.
You're following in pretty illustrious footsteps… Saul Bass did about five, I think. Alex Ross as well. It's great. I'm very proud. It's all downhill from here. There's nowhere else to go.
Have you had any reactions from surprising people? I got a tweet from Richard Dreyfuss last night, and they said they really liked it. That justifies it all.
I can't wait to see what they do with Les Miserables for Mondo as well as what they have in store for us for the rest of 2013. You can follow Olly on TWITTER to stay up to date with what this extremely busy and abundantly talented artist is working on next.
SOURCE: Empire Magazine
Advertisements
Few species have undergone as spectacular a recovery as the Mauritius kestrel (Falco punctatus). Forty years ago the birds were nearly extinct, with only four of the small falcons remaining in the wild. But intense conservation efforts over the ensuing decades paid off. By 1994 the population had grown to a few hundred birds, enough for the International Union for Conservation of Nature to reclassify the species from "critically endangered" to simply "vulnerable to extinction." The birds have fared even better since then: by 2005 the population of Mauritius kestrels had soared to between 800 and 1,000 birds, more than had existed on their island home for more than a century.
But although the Mauritius kestrel has recovered, the factors that drove it nearly extinct remain. Mauritius—one of the several islands in the Republic of Mauritius, located in the Indian Ocean—is almost completely deforested and overrun by invasive species such as black rats (Rattus rattus), Indian mongooses (Herpestes javanicus) and feral cats. Deforestation started when people colonized the previously uninhabited island in the 17th century. Today none of the island's primary forests—the kestrels' original habitat—remain and 98 percent of the rest of the island's woodlands have been converted into sugar cane plantations or are regularly cut down for lumber. The only unmanaged forests remaining are in the most inaccessible parts of the island.
So what's a kestrel to do in the face of this human-caused habitat change? According to research published February 20 in Current Biology, Mauritius kestrels have, over the past 23 years, started breeding at a younger age. This allows them to still have the same number of offspring, but it also comes at a cost: The birds die younger, too. (The birds are intensively monitored, so the researchers had access to extensive data on birth and survival rates.)
The study compared two populations of birds. One group lived in areas with no native flora. The other lived in regions with more than 30 percent native plants. The first group died at much younger ages, but they also adapted their breeding strategies. "We found that birds from both types of habitat still ultimately produce the same number of offspring in a lifetime," lead author Samantha Cartwright, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Reading in England, said in a press release. "The strategy is a good one: Breeding when younger compensates for the increased risk of dying sooner."
Cartwright said this "adaptive, plastic response is a testament to how resilient this species is," but also called the adaptation a warning. As they and their fellow researchers wrote in their paper, "our results suggest that human activities can have a persistent effect on the life histories of wild organisms.... Given the ubiquity of human-induced habitat change, the patterns we report could be widespread but remain poorly documented due to the short-term nature of most studies that attempt to quantify only the immediate impact of habitat change on fitness traits."
This new paper builds on an earlier study by most of the same authors (with the exception of Cartwright), which was published in January 2013 in Ecology Letters. The previous study found the female kestrels that grew up in poor habitats were forced to disperse farther distances to find their own nesting sites than the females living in better habitats. At the time the authors theorized that this energy expenditure might reduce the former's fecundity (which the new paper disproves) as well as decrease their life spans (which appears to be the case).
Previous studies have also shown that the kestrels have a fairly low genetic diversity. The current study does not examine that as a facet of the species's overall health. The birds also suffered from exposure to DDT and other chemicals used in the 1950s and '60s. There do not appear to be any recent studies examining the long-term effects of these chemicals on the kestrels.
One wonders if this life cycle change will be enough to keep the birds healthy in the long run. A survey conducted between 2011 and 2012 found that the population of Mauritius kestrels has dropped again, this time down to about 400 individuals, according to the nongovernmental organization BirdLife International, based in Cambridge, England. At least one subpopulation has disappeared since 2005 and others are shrinking. BirdLife reports only a single population is currently considered stable and that there is no genetic transfer between isolated groups. Obviously the successful recovery of the Mauritius kestrel remains fragile and the future of the species remains to be written.
Photos: A young Mauritius kestrel. Three mature Mauritius kestrels in a human-made nesting box. Photos by Samantha J. Cartwright, used with permission
Seeing Nazi imagery on the Internet is always a bad sign — doubly so when it's part of a campaign photo in support of a presidential candidate.
On the morning of July 14, a photo including the American flag, the hashtag #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, and four men wearing Nazi uniforms was posted to Donald Trump's Twitter account and Facebook page.
They may be hard to spot at first glance, but the soldiers marching towards Trump's face in the photo are in fact wearing the uniform of the Waffen-SS, part of the armed wing of the Nazi party.
<a href="https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump">@realDonaldTrump</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/20committee">@20committee</a> are those troops in the bottom Wehrmacht?! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/falseflag?src=hash">#falseflag</a> —@MichaelNiemerg
Michael Niemberg was the first to spot the men in the image, followed by blogger John Schindler.
Schindler tweeted that he's "100% certain" these are Nazi uniforms because of the style of camouflage and the SS eagle.
Notice the late-war Waffen-SS "dot" camo tunic, with SS eagle on left arm as in the Trump pic <a href="https://t.co/b3pwWmdwHY">https://t.co/b3pwWmdwHY</a> <a href="http://t.co/ulScwicbZU">pic.twitter.com/ulScwicbZU</a> —@20committee
Schindler, along with many other Twitter users, then proceeded to mock Trump's use of Nazi imagery to "#MakeAmericaGreatAgain."
If you can't see the biting hilarity of tweeting Waffen-SS dudes under the slogan <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/MakeAmericaGreatAgain?src=hash">#MakeAmericaGreatAgain</a> ....I got nothin' —@20committee
This is obviously just poorly-executed optics, but in <a href="https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump">@realDonaldTrump</a>'s case it's symbolic of their whole offensive, idiotic POTUS campaign. —@reedfrich
i guess hiring decent copywriters & graphic designers isn't part of <a href="https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump">@realDonaldTrump</a>'s plan to <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/MakeAmericaGreatAgain?src=hash">#MakeAmericaGreatAgain</a> <a href="http://t.co/i1429CC3rg">pic.twitter.com/i1429CC3rg</a> —@bakerbk
Another Twitter user found the origin of the soldiers' picture: A stock photo titled "Marching soldiers" on iStock, which shows model walking through a field.
This image was used in the Donald Trump campaign ad as a stand in for generic soldiers. (George Cairns/iStockPhoto)
Photographer George Cairns snapped the photo during a Second World War reenactment in Kent, England.
​"I have photos of American soldiers as well," Cairns said to Mother Jones. "But for some reason, politicians seem to be downloading Nazis."
Cairns added that Tim Spear, a Democrat in North Carolina's legislature, accidentally used their brother's photo of men wearing Nazi uniforms in a campaign flier.
(Tim Spear/WITN)
Trump's campaign is blaming the use of this image on an intern.
"A young intern created and posted the image and did not see the very faded figures within the flag of the stock photo. The intern apologized and immediately deleted the tweet," a spokesperson relayed to the Daily Dot.
The controversial posts have since been deleted from Twitter and Facebook, though the morbidly curious can still see the image on both accounts using archive.org.
Despite recent controversy, including labeling illegal immigrants from Mexico as rapists, a USA Today poll lists Trump as leading the Republican presidential race.
Credit: DC Comics
Page from Wonder Woman #37 Credit: DC Entertainment
Now that Donna Troy is back in DC comics — along with Wally West, Stephanie Brown, and the Secret Six — most of the major DC heroes have made their way into the New 52. But there are still a few characters that haven't shown up — and maybe never will.
The last holdouts range from the oldest characters in DC's arsenal to some more recent additions, all missing since the publisher rebooted the comic book universe in September 2011. And although few of them are fan-favorites, there are good arguments why they'd be worth bringing back.
So although this is far from being a complete list of characters still missing from the New 52, here are four MIA characters from the DCU we'd like the publisher to consider bringing back next:
Elongated Man (and Sue Dibny)
Although beloved by long-time readers, Ralph Dibny (the Elongated Man) probably hasn't been a priority for DC to bring back into the fledging New 52 universe. Introduced in the '60s, Ralph Dibny was a crack detective and was one of the earliest DC heroes to give up their secret identity and get married (and stay happy being married). But since that time, their stories have been few and far between.
That said, Ralph and their wife Sue were both members of the Justice League of America, and they became particularly high-profile in 2004, when Sue's murder lay at the center of Brad Meltzer and Rags Morales' best-selling mystery mini-series, Identity Crisis. A couple years later, Ralph was again a key player in a top-selling comic — the ground-breaking weekly series 52.
Credit: DC Comics
The 52 writers set up a great way to utilize them in further stories, as the dead couple were "ghost detectives."
Why We'd Like to See Them Back: OK, let's be honest: Even the readers who loved Identity Crisis were uncomfortable with the revelation that Sue Dibny had been raped years ago — as well as the way both Ralph and Sue were killed in the modern-day DCU. If DC brought these two characters back, the publisher could reboot the couple's story to eliminate those nasty parts of the past, and hey! DC could actually let a couple get married — breaking their much-maligned rule in a way that would make sense.
But one last bit of advice for DC — if you bring back Ralph and Sue, just let rapist Dr. Light stay nonexistent, would ya?
Cassandra Cain
Yes, DC, we know you just gave us Stephanie Brown, the former Batgirl now co-starring in Batman Eternal. Let us all pause for a moment and say… thank you.
Credit: DC Comics
But you know as well as we do that there's just another former Batgirl we haven't seen — Cassandra Cain. Introduced in 1999, they were the Batgirl of a whole generation of comics readers. They had one of the coolest female Bat-costumes and was arguably the best martial artist in Gotham City.
Why We'd Like to See Them Back: If the above description of their kick-ass-ness doesn't convince you, then what about the promise by DC that they would bring diversity into their comics? Yes, there have been quite a few female characters running around Gotham City — and female readers are loving it — but there's not a lot of color among the ranks, and Cassie is Asian.
And that's another reason to question why she's not back. All these women running around Bat-family, and DC can't find room for one more? I mean come on, DC — you brought Helena Bertinelli back. Why not Cassie?
And the truth is, we're not even sure if she's technically "nonexistent." Although they haven't been seen in regular DC continuity since Flashpoint happened, they were part of Batman Inc. (which is still canon, right?), and they appeared in the Batman: Gates of Gotham mini-series, which is still canon, right?
Right?
Yet, once again, there are parts of Cassie's continuity that fans wouldn't mind seeing rebooted and/or retconned in the new universe. Remember that weird story where Cassie was drugged and turned toward evil? Remember how hard DC tried to back away from that story, after fans got upset? The New 52 could undo that, and with the current line-up of Bat-creators working on Cass, they might even be new and improved.
Aqualad
Credit: DC Comics
There's been more than one character called Aqualad at DC, but both have a lot going for them. And neither have shown up in the DCU.
Whether it's Garth, who was a founding a member of the Teen Titans in pre-Flashpoint continuity, or the later Jackson Hyde, who debuted on the animated series Young Justice, Aqualad has a name that's instantly recognizable to new readers and is already well-known to long-time fans.
Why We'd Like to See Him Back: The Teen Titans could use a little diversity — and by that we don't just mean Jackson's skin color, but even the diversity of superpowers offered by any Aqualad. And the fact is, Aquaman is currently enjoying a resurgence of popularity, so it would be a good time to re-introduce them into the mix.
More JSA
In the rebooted New 52 universe, superheroes have only been around for five-ish years, and Superman was the first super powered dude in tights.
Er…. jeans.
But when DC abandoned its long, pre-Flashpoint timeline of superheroing, it also walked away from the organization called the Justice Society of America, where older heroes mentored younger, legacy characters.
Yes, the Earth 2 series introduced a few of those older heroes as fresh, new incarnations for a modern world. And sure, that series ended up being pretty cool.
But what about all the younger members of the JSA that readers grew to love during Geoff Johns' time on the book? The DCU may have Stargirl, but there are a slew of other young heroes that were introduced during the comic's years as one of DC's top-selling titles.
Bringing some of them into the Earth-2 series would be difficult, since most of them relied on a legacy being passed down from older heroes. For example, Obsidian couldn't be a hero yet on Earth 2, if we're going to get technical, because he's Alan Scott's son. And Al Pratt was just introduced on Earth 2, so the legacy characters who followed in their footsteps haven't even been born yet.
Of course, new versions of these characters could have new origins — after all, Stargirl in the New 52 didn't rely on the Starmen before them So they could show up on Earth 2, or on the main DCU Earth, or anywhere in the DC multiverse.
Credit: DC Comics
Why We'd Like to See Them Back: Not only did DC throw away characters introduced during a significantly successful run on the Justice Society book, but they tossed out some fresh concepts that brought a lot of diversity to the DCU.
And isn't young and diverse supposed to be what the New 52 is about?
And in that diverse list, there are some pretty colorful concepts (that readers have already supported during the heyday of Johns' Justice Society) — from the adorably cool yet amazingly powerful African-American teen Jakeem Thunder, to the insecure and indecisive (but dependable) Atom Smasher, to the fast-talking, feminine teenager Cyclone, to the schizophrenia-suffering Starman (who was hailed by psychiatrists for their portrayal of a mentally ill character),
Plus, Cyclone had a monkey. And who doesn't love a character with a monkey?
ORADELL -- Eight more former Bergen Catholic High School students have come forward to accuse former staff members at the school of sexual abuse.
The eight have levied their allegations since it was revealed in August that the all-boys high school in Oradell had reached a $1.9 million settlement with 21 men who said they were sexually abused at the school.
The eight men, who are now between the ages of about 55 to 75 years old, say they were sexually abused when they were teens between the years of 1956 and 1977, said Mitchell Garabedian, a Boston lawyer who represented some of the previous alleged victims.
The timeframe of the alleged attacks is similar to the one provided by the other alleged victims who settled with the school. They had said they were abused between 1963 and 1978.
Settlement gives 'hope' to one alleged victim
Walter Slapkowski, 59, spoke outside of Bergen Catholic on Thursday, willing to share their experience, they said, in the hopes that the man they say abused them is stopped.
Slapkowski, from Bogota, said a teacher at the school told them to take off their pants and underwear, and count while they spanked them during detention.
"I don't want to hurt you, but I have to teach you a lesson," Slapkowski said the man told them at the time. Slapkowski said the teacher then put them across their lap.
"I couldn't scream, I couldn't tell anybody," Slapkowski said. "I was so scared. I didn't know what to do."
Slapkowski was about 14 at the time. They said they now suffer from panic attacks and depression, gets nervous around doctors who have to perform procedural physical exams and has had personal relationships suffer.
Slapkowski graduated from the high school and earned a degree in accounting at what is now St. Peter's University. But they said they always grappled with sharing their experience.
Slapkowski said they never told their parents, their ex-wife or their daughter. Their son was told just last week, but they said they told their girlfriend years ago when they had a "freak out" over the Penn State sex scandal.
"I dreaded this, but if it helps other kids," Slapkowski said.
Garabedian said they were preparing to file claims on behalf of all the victims and was researching the statute of limitations.
The school, which has about 700 students enrolled, did not admit liability in reaching the previous settlement. It is staffed by the Edmund Rice Christian Brothers, which did not immediately return a request for comment.
Bergen Catholic is a private school in the Archdiocese of Newark, but it doesn't govern the school, so a spokesperson for the archdiocese declined to comment.
The men who settled with the school have received their money, Garabedian said. They were expected to receive sums that ranged between $65,000 and $115,000.
There were 10 Christian Brothers and one layperson accused in the settlement, said Robert Hoatson, co-founder of Road to Recovery, an advocacy group for sexual abuse victims.
There have been four perpetrators named so far by the eight men who have come forward, Garabedian said.
"Based on my experience in representing victims of sex abuse, given the number of pedophiles at Bergen Catholic and the number of children who attend Bergen Catholic over such a broad time period, there has to be hundreds upon hundreds of victims of sex abuse there," Garabedian said.
A representative from Bergen Catholic High School didn't immediately return a request for comment.
Sara Jerde may be reached at sjerde@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @SaraJerde.
Want to get the latest Fantasy Tips and Updates? Follow Us!
Daniel is unable to do their weekly write-up this weekend, but they were kind enough to provide the tables for gameweek 29.
Also the Bookies' team got 80 points last week, which is pretty good!
As always you can try to beat Daniel's team at FantasyBet and win a few quid in the process here
Defensive odds
Team Best clean sheet odds Implied chance of a clean sheet Man Utd 1.87 53% Chelsea 2.2 45% Everton 2.25 44% Crystal Palace 2.38 42% Tottenham 2.48 40% Arsenal 2.55 39% Sunderland 3 33% West Ham 3.25 31% Burnley 3.4 29% Man City 3.4 29% Bournemouth 3.5 29% Leicester 4.2 24% Watford 4.25 24% Swansea 4.8 21% Middlesbrough 5 20% Liverpool 5.5 18% Southampton 5.6 18% Stoke 5.8 17% West Brom 5.9 17% Hull 6.9 14%
Attacking odds
Player Best anytime goalscorer odds Implied chance of scoring Romelu Lukaku 1.85 54% Diego Costa 2.05 49% Sergio Aguero 2.08 48% Alexis Sanchez 2.23 45% Christian Benteke 2.3 43% Jermain Defoe 2.32 43% Vincent Janssen 2.62 38% Eden Hazard 2.75 36% Son Heung-Min 2.75 36% Joshua King 2.8 36% Marcus Rashford 2.85 35% Theo Walcott 2.88 35% Andy Carroll 2.9 34% Benik Afobe 3 33% Dele Alli 3 33% Fernando Llorente 3.1 32% Andre Gray 3.3 30% Jamie Vardy 3.3 30% Pedro 3.5 29% Ross Barkley 3.55 28% Henrikh Mkhitaryan 3.55 28% Gylfi Sigurdsson 3.6 28% Christian Eriksen 3.6 28% Manolo Gabbiadini 3.6 28% Salomon Rondon 3.75 27% Andre Ayew 3.75 27% Leroy Sané 3.75 27% Divock Origi 3.8 26% Raheem Sterling 3.85 26% Sadio Mane 3.9 26% Troy Deeney 4 25% Abel Hernandez 4 25% Sam Vokes 4 25% Kevin de Bruyne 4 25% Paul Pogba 4.1 24% Roberto Firmino 4.1 24% Willian 4.1 24% Philippe Coutinho 4.25 24% Riyad Mahrez 4.3 23% Manuel Lanzini 4.33 23% Wilfried Zaha 4.7 21% Alvaro Negredo 4.75 21% Nacer Chadli 5 20% Adnan Januzaj 5 20% Rudy Gestede 5.2 19% Dusan Tadic 5.2 19% Nathan Redmond 5.2 19% Peter Crouch 5.5 18% Marko Arnautovic 5.6 18% Robbie Brady 5.8 17% MBaye Niang 6 17% Kamil Grosicki 7 14% Etienne Capoue 8.5 12% Tom Carroll 9 11%
Story highlights Malaysia's top court dismisses bid to overturn ban on Christians using Arabic word for God
Confusion over ruling as government says ban only applies to Church's newspaper
Muslims say use of "Allah" in non-Muslim texts could cause Muslims to convert
Church says it will continue to fight the ruling
Malaysia's highest court has rejected a challenge from the Catholic Church seeking to overturn a ban on non-Muslims using the word "Allah" to refer to God.
But after the Federal Court announced its verdict on Monday, the government released a statement saying that the ruling would only apply to the Church's newspaper, which has been at the center of the court battle since Malaysian authorities ordered the publication to cease using the Arabic word in 2007.
Malaysian Christians will still be able to use the word "Allah" in church, the government's statement said.
"Malaysia is a multi-faith country and it is important that we manage our differences peacefully, in accordance with the rule of law and through dialogue, mutual respect and compromise," the statement said.
Confusion
JUST WATCHED Malaysian court rules on 'Allah' use Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Malaysian court rules on 'Allah' use 02:02
The conflicting interpretations of the ban have only added confusion to a debate that has inflamed religious tensions in the Muslim-majority country in recent years.
The editor of the the newspaper, the Herald , said it remains unclear what the implications of the court's verdict would be for the Christian community.
"We are in limbo," Father Lawrence Andrew told CNN.
But the chairperson of the Christian Federation of Malaysia, Reverend Eu Hong Seng, said in a statement that Christians will continue to use the word "Allah" in bibles and during church gatherings.
The dispute began in 2007 when the Malaysian Ministry of Home Affairs, which grants publishing licenses, threatened to withdraw the Herald's permit for using the Arabic word in its Malay-language edition, on the grounds of national security and public order.
Malaysian authorities say non-Muslim literature that contains the word could confuse Muslims and cause them to convert away from Islam, which is a crime in many parts of the country.
Christian leaders argue that the word "Allah" predates Islam, and has long been used in Malay-language bibles and other texts to refer to God.
Anti-Christian violence
The dispute has sparked violence in recent years against Malaysia's Christian community, which accounts for around 9% of the country's population of 29 million, while more than 60% are Muslim.
A series of fire bomb attacks were carried out on places of worship after a court ruled in 2009 that the Church had a constitutional right to refer to God as "Allah" in the Herald.
But an appeals court reinstated the ban in October 2013. Three months later, arsonists set fire to a church in Kuala Lumpur, and Islamic authorities confiscated hundreds of bibles containing the word "Allah" from a Christian organization in the state of Selangor.
On Monday, a panel of judges at the Federal Court in Putrajaya ruled 4 to 3 that the word was not an integral part of the Christian faith, upholding the decision of the appeals court.
Outside the building, hundreds of Muslim activists celebrated the verdict, shouting "Allahuakbar" (God is great).
"We thank Allah because the court's decision has favored us this time. We hope that this is no longer an issue in the peninsular, which does not allow others (to use) the term," the head of Perkasa, a conservative Muslim rights group, told reporters
Father Andrew from the Herald said the Church was looking into ways to challenge the ban.
"We need to fight this case to end, because we have to fight for justice when justice is derided or denied," they said.
"We have a moral obligation to champion the cause of minorities. We have a responsibility to uphold religious freedom."
Politics
It's likely that the ban is politically motivated, according to William Case, a political scientist with the City University of Hong Kong's Department of Asian and International Studies.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak is a reformist to some extent, says Case, but their party failed to win a majority in the last election and they need to recapture the support of the country's ethnic Malay, and mostly Muslim, community.
However, it's too soon to tell how the Malaysian government will implement the ban in practice, they say.
"This is the kind of ambiguity you would expect, because it's a very complex and tense set of circumstances. You might have the judiciary saying one thing, the cabinet saying another -- meanwhile pressure is mounting from the many Muslim groups involved who bring tremendous mass-based support, and on the other side from Christian groups."
The ruling may lead to further attacks on churches, Case warned.
"We do know that Malaysia has become more and more polarized in recent years on ethnic, and increasingly religious, grounds -- and that's becoming more and more severe."
But while the latest court ruling is distressing, Case says verbal threats against religious groups in Malaysia seldom translate into the kind of violence seen in neighboring countries, like Indonesia.
"We don't see extrajudicial killings, religious-inspired violence and abductions, and that distinguishes Malaysia in the region."
Freehub Magazine in association with Pinkbike.com, Art Barn Film and Cycle Devinci went on a journey in this one-off episode to showcase a portion of the mountain biking culture in British Columbia. This episode conveys the strength of one BC mountain bike community that helps drive and fuel modern riding. ‘BC Builders' expresses the process, passion, and function behind building and riding on progressive trails at a professional level. The intention was to capture the power and fulfillment of both builder and rider in the quest for creating and riding new terrain. Retallack Lodge was the perfect venue as they are currently building a new trail system that helps support both the local bike scene and the mountain biking community as a whole. Take a look at the people that help make this all possible.Photos by Colin Wiseman Thanks for your support, and please understand that you make our world go round!Check out Freehub Magazine
HYDERABAD: Move over Metro. Hyderabadis may get to live their sci-fi dreams, travelling within minutes in the city and to other cities in the not so distant future, if this US startup has its way.Set up in 2013, Hyperloop Transportation Technologies (HTT) has been working on Elon Musk 's concept of a tube-based transportation system that can transport people faster than the speed of the sound (which is 1234.8 km per hour).HTT chairperson and cofounder Bibop Gresta, who is in the city to meet Telangana government officials, said Hyperloop will not be just the fastest mode of mass transportation but also the safest. “Hyperloop has the benefits of an airplane but without any of its risks,“ Gresta said. “Hyperloops are built on pylons or underground.In case of any emergency, the tube, where there is a problem, can be sealed, air can be re-injected and people can be evacuated,“ Gresta explained adding that the emergency response time is just around 6.4 seconds, making it one of the safest proposed transport systems.Talking about the cost part, Gresta said that, on an average, it would cost around $20-40 million for building hyperloop transportation per km but it would vary from place to place and could be brought down depending on the access to new technologies and resources in a particular region.He added that at this point of time it would be difficult to talk about passenger fares as a lot would also depend on governments. However, to give a sense of the fares being considered abroad, they said the company was mulling an average ticket price of $30 per passenger between Los Angeles and San Francisco.“It is not just the speed but efficiency that is the coolest thing about Hyperloop. By using a combination of renewable energy, it can generate more electricity than it consumes, allowing it to sell the electricity helping keep the costs per passenger very minimal,“ they added.Gresta said India can just skip high speed trains and leapfrog to Hyperloop because in high speed rails, tracks have to be electrified and the cost of building as well as maintaining them is huge. Whereas in the case of Hyperloop, a capsule is able to levitate without using any electricity through passive levitation, which is the technology HTT acquired from the Lawrence Livermore Na tional Laboratory.Meanwhile, the company is planning to set up its office in India but is yet to zero in on a location. It also plans to come up with an R&D centre. It plans to invest around $120 million initially in India to set up its base here, they said. It is also planning to an nounce partnerships with a host of local companies in the area of design and manufacturing, among others.To start with, the company is planning to conduct feasibility of routes in Maharashtra such as Mumbai-Pune. Gresta, in the past few months, has already met the chief ministers of Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Odisha and is planning to meet the Goa CM in the coming days.The company will also be reaching out to railway minister Suresh Prabhu to request them to put in place a framework of regulations for this emerging mode of transportation.
TRABUCO CANYON – A dozen years ago, as the Orange County Transportation Authority sought to renew a half-cent sales tax for transportation improvements, conservation groups pledged support – provided an environmental mitigation program was incorporated into the measure.
In November 2006, Orange County voters approved Measure M2 – with the promise that 5 percent of freeway project budgets would go toward conservation efforts – for another 30 years of the half-cent sales tax. OCTA's Measure M Freeway Environmental Mitigation Program allocates funds from the tax to acquire land and pay for habitat restoration projects in exchange for streamlined approvals for 13 freeway improvement projects countywide.
A four-wheel drive vehicle passes by a wilderness preserve sign on a remote road in the 399 acres of land purchased in Trabuco Canyon by the Orange County Transportation Authority. (Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG file)
Hikers make their way down a single track trail in 2013 enjoying a rare treat, a guided hike by the OCTA through 399 acres of pristine wilderness it owns in Trabuco Canyon called the Ferber Ranch. (Chat Metivier, Orange County Register/SCNG file)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
A hiker stops to say high to a horse ridden by the Orange County Sheriff's Mounted patrol in 2013 who were along for the OCTA guided hike through 399 acres it owns in Trabuco Canyon called Ferber Ranch. (Chat Metivier, Orange County Register/SCNG file)
There were views of Trabuco Canyon along the trail for those that attended the Orange County Transportation Authority celebration ceremony in 2011. The area is in the 84 acre Saddle Creek South property, which bridges the gap between the OÕNeill Regional Park and the Cleveland National Forest. (Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG file)
Folks enjoy a rare treat, a guided hike in 2013 by the OCTA through 399 acres of pristine wilderness it owns in Trabuco Canyon called the Ferber Ranch. The property is being maintained as a wildlife and habitat preserve that will someday be open to the public. The hike begins through this canopy of oaks. (Chas Metivier, Orange County Register/SCNG file)
Fawns wander along a remote road in 2015 in the 399 acres of land purchased in Trabuco Canyon by the Orange County Transportation Authority. The land purchase ensures protection of wildlife and habitat for generations. (Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG file)
It was an uphill hike with beautiful views for those that attended the Orange County Transportation Authority celebration ceremony in 2011. The area is in the 84 acre Saddle Creek South property, which bridges the gap between the OÕNeill Regional Park and the Cleveland National Forest. (Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG file) openspace.0513 – 05/13/11 – Photo by MARK RIGHTMIRE, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER
A milestone in this arrangement was reached last week, as OCTA joined federal and state wildlife agencies and local environmental groups at O'Neill Regional Park to announce completion of plans to protect 1,300 acres of open space in Brea, Laguna Beach, Silverado Canyon and Trabuco Canyon. The plan ensures the areas remain development-free.
“Conservation groups supported the sales tax because the measure had this programmatic conservation component in it,” said Friends of Harbors, Beaches and Parks Green Vision Coordinator Melanie Schlotterbeck, representing 30 conservation groups. “The biggest success is that this was the first time in Orange County history that conservation groups supported a transportation measure.”
Through the mitigation program, OCTA has, to date, acquired seven parcels of land previously slated for development at a cost of about $30 million. About $10 million in funding has also been set aside for 11 habitat restoration projects totaling close to 400 acres.
By the time the measure expires in 2041, it is expected to yield about $280 million for conservation projects. The program also provides funding to cities for initiatives to protect water quality.
Conservation efforts are being handled in a comprehensive manner, rather than a piecemeal approach, to offset environmental impacts of the 13 freeway projects in Measure M2. They include the Interstate 405 Improvement Project; the Interstate 5 project adding a new carpool lane in each direction in San Clemente, Dana Point and San Juan Capistrano; the State Route 57 widening between Orangethorpe Avenue and Lambert Road; and the State Route 91 widening between State Route 55 and Weir Canyon Road.
“We were able to buy larger parcels because we could combine funding from several highway projects that may not have even been built, to build large swaths of valuable habitat,” said OCTA board member Lori Donchak, chairperson of the authority's Environmental Oversight Committee.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife issued the permits for the conservation efforts, known as the Natural Community Conservation Plan/Habitat Conservation Plan.
“The plan really builds off of the previous regional planning that we've done in Orange County,” said Jonathan Snyder, division chief of Los Angeles and Orange County for U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. “Those efforts created large reserve systems in central, southern and coastal Orange County and the Measure M plan was able to provide for conservation that connects up those existing reserve systems.”
Since the parcels are open space and not recreational space, they are only accessible to the public through OCTA-hosted hikes and equestrian rides. Trails in parts of Aliso Canyon are open to the public, due to a prior designation.
OCTA staff will continue to work on completing resource management plans for each of the seven preserves, outlining potential public access that won't compromise preservation requirements.
“This was kind of the first real go at the conservation activities,” said Schlotterbeck, who is also vice chairperson of OCTA's Environmental Oversight Committee. “There's more to come.”
Green Street Academy, which overhauled a 91-year-old 111,000-square-foot building that once housed Gwynns Falls High School last year, has received the highest LEED designation possible.
It's the second largest LEED Platinum project in the world, and the only project in Maryland and Baltimore under the LEED v3 rating system, according to the U.S. Green Building Council.
During a tour this week, Executive Director Dan Schochor said the designation fits with the school's intention to teach students about sustainability, as well as have a building that prepares them for the future. The grades 6-12 school, which was cofounded by Camden Partners founder David Warnock and Lawrence Rivitz, allows students to pick career tracks to explore and incorporates other strategies specifically catered to getting prepared for a 21st-century economy.
“This displays to the community and students the seriousness with which we take our vision,” Schochor said.
During a tour, they said the building was already a “concrete fortress,” with the redevelopment project headed up by Seawall Development and Southway Builders offering a chance to make key modern upgrades.
A long checklist goes into the LEED designation, but here's a sampling.
Working with architectural firm Hord Coplan Macht, the redevelopment project involved reusing walls, floors and roofs, as well as recycled materials.
The new elements that went into the building include a number of energy-saving elements. Schochor said the school's central A/C system circulates outside air. In classrooms, LED lights have sensors that can sense sunlight and automatically dim. Hallway lights are on timers that switch off at night and become motion-activated, and one of five water bottle fill stations tallied about 20,000 bottles saved in the last year.
Advertisement
In the parking lot, many cars are parked under canopies outfitted with solar panels that are modeled to generate about 7.5 percent of the school's energy.
It's not only physical elements, however. What happens in the building is also a consideration for the designation. For one, the school got marks for serving as a community center and sharing the facility with Kingdom of Life Church.
The curriculum itself is also sustainable. One of the curriculum tracks incorporates urban agriculture. Students were learning about biotech in the classroom. Outside, a courtyard garden offers students a chance to dig in, and tires dumped on the property became planters. A fish farm is almost set to come online in the basement of the school.
“The building itself is an incredible teaching tool,” said Sabrina Bachman, the U.S. Green Building Council's Maryland director. They presented the school with the official plaque on Wednesday.
-30-
The Ravens are still contending with a tight salary-cap situation as they attempt to restructure the contracts of veteran defensive tackle Haloti Ngata $16 million) and cornerback Lardarius Webb ($12 million).
The Ravens are now $3.889 million under the projected salary cap limit of $143 million. That includes $2.66 million in savings from terminating defensive end Chris Canty's three-year, $8 million contract and $750,00 in cap savings by terminating wide receiver-kick returner Jacoby Jones' four-year, $12 million contract.
The Ravens' cap total also includes a negative adjustment of $3.94 million due to several players triggering incentive clauses. That doesn't include achieved workout bonuses, which will be factored in later. It includes $5.791 million carried over from last season.
The incentive adjustments include outside linebacker Elvis Dumervil ($1 million one-time incentive clause for sacks, escalator clause raising base salary by $1 million annually in 2015, 2016 and 2017), wide receiver Steve Smith ($1 million), middle linebacker Daryl Smith ($1 million), tight end Owen Daniels ($755,000) and strong safety Darian Stewart ($300,000).
The Ravens haven't assigned any restricted free agent or exclusive-rights free agent tenders.
awilson@baltsun.com
twitter.com/RavensInsider
Of all the tributes to Daniel Levy and their iron-fist-in-the-iron-glove negotiating style Sir Alex Ferguson's is surely the most memorable. Dealing with the Tottenham Hotspur chairperson, Ferguson recalled, “was more painful than my hip replacement”. It should be noted, too, that Ferguson got what they wanted from Levy. Despite all the agonies they were able to take the striker Dimitar Berbatov from Tottenham to Manchester United in 2008.
Many people in the game do not get what they want from Levy. The very mention of their name can have agents and players letting out mournful signs before they launch into stories about how they thought they had a deal only for Levy to make an eleventh-hour revision to their demands.
Manchester City agree £50m deal to sign Kyle Walker from Tottenham Read more
Levy has been driving football folk to distraction since 2001 and that has included plenty of Tottenham personnel.  They are a friendly, clubbable kind of guy, whom Mauricio Pochettino, the Tottenham manager, has described as “shy, sensitive and funny”. But when Levy sits down to negotiate, even with people they like, it is as if they put on the blinkers. Relationships count for nothing. Their side of the deal is all that matters.
There is an old line on Levy that says they go to work during a transfer window only on deadline day, such is their fondness for brinkmanship and last-minute business. It is tongue-in-cheek. Levy is confronted by a ceaseless barrage of issues and right now the biggest one involves keeping Pochettino's team together. It is a challenge they will confront with relish.
Tottenham have agreed to sell the right-back Kyle Walker to Manchester City for £50m – plus £3m in add-ons – but in terms of incoming deals they have been quiet this summer and it has been for a simple reason. Pochettino's best XI have hit such heights over the past two seasons and polished their reputations to such an extent that the manager cannot see anyone on the market at an affordable price who would represent an upgrade.
The key word is ‘affordable'. Levy's basic weekly wage ceiling is set at £100,000 and they also have the new stadium build to finance, the cost of which has risen to £800m. Show Pochettino an improvement, for example, on Mousa Dembélé or Dele Alli who earns less than £100,000 a week and would not break the bank in terms of the fee and they would take him. The reality is that the player is not out there.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dele Alli, right, and Mousa Dembélé: how could Spurs find a better player who would not be too costly in fee or wages? Photograph: Peter Nicholls/Reuters
Pochettino wants to add depth to their squad and it is clear that they need to do so, particularly when the club's desire to move on Moussa Sissoko and, possibly, Georges-Kévin Nkoudou is taken into account. Érik Lamela's fitness is another issue. The winger, who has not played since last October because of a hip complaint, is doing rehabilitation work and they will miss the opening weeks of the season at least.
There was a time in the not too distant past when the club's fans would be clamouring for action in terms of transfers and fretting about a lack of activity. It is not the case these days and that speaks volumes for the team which has been built for them, not to mention the work of Pochettino. Other managers and sets of supporters have felt the frustration.
Levy's trick has been to enjoy elite-level performances from their players over a sustained period on less than elite-level wages. Harry Kane, for example, has won the Premier League's Golden Boot for the past two seasons and, as such, they can lay claim to being the best striker in England.  They are at the top of the Tottenham pay scale but it is stating the obvious to say that they could earn significantly more elsewhere. So could all of the club's big names.
Pochettino has fostered a fiercely positive spirit and the players are loving being a part of something special. The fans are, too. They trust Pochettino implicitly. If they did not make a major signing this summer, they would not worry. But there is a flipside to having players who are, in effect, punching above their salaries – rival clubs believe they can tempt them away with better money.
The situation with United and Eric Dier is a case in point. United want Dier and they would be prepared to more than double their £70,000-a-week wage. Dier is tempted, mainly because they were displaced as Tottenham's first-choice defensive midfielder by Victor Wanyama last season. The stories involve Dier at the moment but they have previously been about Alli, Kane, Hugo Lloris or Christian Eriksen and they will, most surely, come round again.
What is Levy to do?  They are loth to break their pay structure, as it would threaten harmony and see everybody beat down their door for a rise, but they cannot compete, for example, with United's proposed offer to Dier. It is the balancing act that holds the key to the summer and this team's longer-term future.
Levy has managed it so far by granting regular and incremental rises to their best performers, in exchange for adding years to their contracts, which has enabled them to retain the element of control. But they have also needed to be uncompromising and that will remain the case. They have made it plain to the United executive vice-chairperson, Ed Woodward, that Dier is not for sale and the Tottenham support will take heart from their hard-headedness, particularly when it is allied to Pochettino's man-management magic.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kieran Trippier is trusted by Mauricio Pochettino to be the first-choice right-back, with Kyle Walker set to join Manchester City. Photograph: Ivan Sekretarev/AP
Walker's situation has been different. Pochettino has Kieran Trippier in reserve at right-back and, in the interests of raising funds that could be used to strengthen the squad as a whole, they have long been open to cashing in on Walker. Levy had been holding out for the basic figure of £50m from City and, after weeks of talks, they finally got what they wanted on Thursday. Walker is poised to complete the formalities of the move.
Levy has played it characteristically tough. Take their stance on Pau López, the reserve goalkeeper, who was on loan at the club from Espanyol last season. Levy had an option to make the deal permanent for €7m but they allowed it to lapse and, instead, they have offered €2m plus a further €2m in add-ons. Espanyol are not happy. But Pau has entered the final year of their contract and, if Levy has to wait until they become a free agent next summer, they will wait.
Transfer window 2017 – every deal in Europe's top five leagues Read more
Levy is expected to sell Federico Fazio and Clinton Njie to Roma and Marseille respectively, where they were on loans last season, and Sissoko has compounded their underwhelming debut season with the fatal error of calling out Pochettino in public. The midfielder, who became the club's joint-record signing when they arrived for £30m from Newcastle United, told L'Équipe at the end of May that they wanted clarity and honesty from Pochettino regarding whether they fitted into their plans. It is fair to say it went down badly.
Pochettino will see whether any of the club's academy-developed players can help to give the squad greater depth, with Josh Onomah and Cameron Carter-Vickers hoping for more minutes this season. It will also be interesting to see whether Pochettino can find the room for Marcus Edwards, the 18-year-old attacking midfielder with the X-factor.
Pochettino says they would never block the first-team pathway for a youngster who has what it takes but, equally, if they can make a signing who fits in, they will do so. The priority is to retain the players they want to retain. The existing balance is all-important. Over to you, Daniel.
Welcome back to another summer of NHL draft coverage, folks! This year's draft will be an exciting time for Flyers fans, as they hold a fairly high pick that can potentially change the shape of the franchise. With that said, I wanted to do something a bit different this year compared to last years' coverage.
A high pick means most of us probably have heard of the player to be drafted. So instead of a full info session for these profiles, I want to give more of a reasoning for why the Flyers would choose a certain prospect.
So to start it off, I'm going to jump into a player that looks like they fall in line with what general manager Ron Hextall and coach Dave Hakstol preach.
Mathew Barzal
Born: May 26th, 1997
Nationality: Canadian
Height: 6'0"
Weight: 181 lbs.
Team: Seattle Thunderbirds (WHL)
Position: Center
Barzal's stats
The rundown on Mathew Barzal
Assuming no major changes happen and the first round of the draft falls pretty much in line with what people are expecting, one guy that could stand out is Seattle Thunderbird star Mathew Barzal.
Barzal is one of the top playmaking forwards available in this draft. Their 26 primary assists were third-best in the WHL last season among draft-eligible players, and that's even more impressive when you consider that Barzal played about 30 fewer games than the two players above him. They were also the only 17 year old player among the WHL's top 30 goals scorers to play less than 56 games.
I'm not a huge fan of looking at points per game as a stat in this context, especially considering we're talking about one season of junior hockey. Also, as EricT pointed out a few years ago, the secondary assist has small relevancy in terms of predicting success.
So I'm going to use something along the lines of "primary points" -- essentially just counting goals and primary assists. Barzal last year had a primary point per game ratio of .86 last season. The Flyers current top forward prospect, Scott Laughton, had a .67 ratio their draft year. I think it's fair to say that Barzal would come in as the de facto top forward prospect in the organization if they were drafted.
How Barzal would fit with Flyers
Two quotes from Flyers management stick out to me regarding Barzal's game.
One: Ron Hextall saying that they would take a forward over a defenseman if they were close. That's among the most pointless statements a GM can make in the press, since we really don't know what the Flyers' internal draft board looks like -- but for the sake of argument, we'll take Hexy at face value here.
Two: Dave Hakstol's comments about wanting forwards who play a two-way game, and wanting those who can control the puck at both ends. Outside of being a top playmaker, Barzal is also one of the best puck-moving forwards available in this draft. I don't think he's the defensive standout that Sean Couturier is, but I think they have more upside on the offensive end of the ice.
Brayden Schenn looks, in my opinion, more like a winger than a center at the NHL level, and it seems that the Flyers might finally agree on that. He's just not a fluid-enough puck mover to play the center of the ice.
So I think Barzal could slide right into the No. 2 center spot between Claude Giroux and Sean Couturier in a year or two. He's not the most physical player for their age, but once they have the puck, he's adept at taking it right to the offensive end of the ice. Aside from the big two, Barzal could be the most sound, pure center prospect in this draft class.
No prospect is flawless, and Barzal isn't an exception, but if we believe what the Flyers have been saying in the early stages of this summer, they could definitely be a guy they covet.
Government borrowing will hit the debt ceiling on Monday, Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said in a letter to Congress Wednesday.
As a result, the Treasury Department will soon start using what it calls "extraordinary measures" to prevent government borrowing from exceeding the legal limit.
Such measures include suspending the reinvestment of federal workers' retirement account contributions in short-term government bonds.
On Monday, debt subject to the limit was just $95 billion below the $16.394 trillion debt ceilings.
All told, the extraordinary measures can create about $200 billion of headroom under the limit -- normally about two months worth of borrowing.
But it's unclear how much time the extraordinary measures can buy now because there are so many unanswered questions about tax and spending policies, Geithner said, referring to the lack of any resolution of the fiscal cliff.
"If left unresolved, the expiring tax provisions and automatic spending cuts, as well as the attendant delays in filing of tax returns, would have the effect of adding some additional time to the duration of the extraordinary measures," they wrote.
After the extraordinary measures run out, Treasury won't be able to pay all the country's bills in full and on time. At that point, the United States will run the very real risk that it could default on some of its obligations.
Geithner has predicted for months that the country would hit the debt ceiling by the end of December.
But Congress, first consumed with the 2012 elections and now with the fiscal cliff, has made little effort to raise the ceiling.
Now there's a good chance the debt ceiling issue won't be resolved until the 11th hour and only after an ugly fight.
Indeed, some Republicans have been saying they view the debt ceiling as leverage in budget negotiations in early 2013 in their bid to secure spending cuts.
Before fiscal cliff legislation died last week, House Speaker John Boehner offered President Obama a one-year debt ceiling increase, but only on the condition that spending cuts and reforms exceeded the size of any increase.
The last standoff over the debt ceiling in 2011 ended badly, with Congress raising it only at the last minute. The debacle led to the downgrade of the country's AAA credit rating and caused tumult in the markets.
The Government Accountability Office has long called for Congress to come up with a smarter way to handle the debt ceiling.
"Congress should consider ways to better link decisions about the debt limit with decisions about spending and revenue to avoid potential disruptions to the Treasury market and to help inform the fiscal policy debate in a timely way," the GAO said in a recent report.
Meanwhile, a variety of fiscal and monetary experts have called for the debt ceiling to be abolished altogether.
UP UNTIL NOW, THE TARGETS OF BILL (THE BOOK OF Virtues) Bennett's crusades have at least been plausible sources of evil. But the latest victim of their wrath--TV talk shows of the Sally Jessy Raphael variety--are in a whole different category from drugs and gangsta rap. As anyone who actually watches them knows, the talk shows are one of the most excruciatingly moralistic forums the culture has to offer. Disturbing and sometimes disgusting, yes, but their very business is to preach the middle-class virtues of responsibility, reason and self-control.
Take the case of Susan, recently featured on Montel Williams as an example of a woman being stalked by their ex-boyfriend. Turns out Susan is also stalking the boyfriend and--here's the sexual frisson--has slept with them only days ago. In fact Susan is neck deep in trouble without any help from the boyfriend: she's serving a yearlong stretch of home incarceration for assaulting another woman, and home is the tiny trailer they share with their nine-year-old daughter.
But no one is applauding this life spun out of control. Montel scolds Susan roundly for neglecting their daughter and failing to confront their role in the mutual stalking. A therapist lectures them about this unhealthy "obsessive kind of love." The studio audience jeers at them every evasion. By the end Susan has lost their cocky charm and dissolved into tears of shame.
The plot is always the same. People with problems--"husband says they look like a cow," "pressured to lose their virginity or else," "mate wants more sex than I do"--are introduced to rational methods of problem-solving. People with moral failings--"boy crazy," "dresses like a tramp," "a hundred sex partners"--are introduced to external standards of morality. The preaching--delivered alternately by the studio audience, the host and the ever present guest therapist--is relentless. "This is wrong to do this," Sally Jessy tells a cheating husband. "Feel bad?" Geraldo asks the girl who stole their best friend's boyfriend, "Any sense of remorse?" The expectation is that the sinner, so hectored, will see their way to reform. And indeed, a Sally Jessy update found "boy crazy," who'd been a guest only week ago, now dressed in schoolgirlish plaid and claiming their "attitude [had] changed"--thanks to the rough-and-ready therapy dispensed on the show.
All right, the subjects are often lurid and even bizarre. But there's no part of the entertainment spectacle, from Hard Copy to Jade, that doesn't trade in the lurid and bizarre. At least in the talk shows, the moral is always loud and clear: Respect yourself, listen to others, stop beating on your wife. In fact it's hard to see how The Bill Bennett Show, if there were to be such a thing, could deliver a more pointed sermon. Or would they prefer to see the feckless Susan, for example, tarred and feathered by the studio audience instead of being merely booed and shamed?
There is something morally repulsive about the talks, but it's not anything Bennett or their co-crusader Senator Joseph Lieberman has seen fit to mention. Watch for a few hours, and you get the claustrophobic sense of lives that have never seen the light of some external judgment, of people who have never before been listened to, and certainly never been taken seriously if they were. "What kind of people would let themselves be humiliated like this?" is often asked, sniffily, by the shows' detractors. And the answer, for the most part, is people who are so needy--of social support, of education, of material resources and self-esteem--that they mistake being the center of attention for being actually loved and respected.
What the talks are about, in large part, is poverty and the distortions it visits on the human spirit. You'll never find investment bankers bickering on Rolonda, or the host of Gabrielle recommending therapy to sobbing professors. With few exceptions the guests are drawn from trailer parks and tenements, from bleak streets and narrow, crowded rooms. Listen long enough, and you hear references to unpaid bills, too welfare to 12-hour workdays and double shifts. And this is the real shame of the talks: that they take lives bent out of shape by poverty and hold them up as entertaining exhibits. An announcement appearing between segments of Montel says it all: the show is looking for "pregnant women who sell their bodies to make ends meet."
This is class exploitation, pure and simple. What next--"homeless people so hungry they eat their own scabs"? Or would the next step be to pay people outright to submit to public humiliation? For $50 would you confess to adultery in your wife's presence? For $500 would you reveal your 13-year-old's girlish secrets on Ricki Lake? If you were poor enough, you might.
It is easy enough for those who can afford spacious homes and private therapy to sneer at their financial inferiors and label their pathetic moments of stardom vulgar. But if I had a talk show, it would feature a whole different cast of characters and category of crimes than you'll ever find on the talks: "ceos who rake in millions while their employees get downsized" would be an obvious theme, along with "Senators who voted for welfare and Medicaid cuts"--and, if he'll agree to appear, "well-fed Republicans who dithered about talk shows while trailer-park residents slipped into madness and despair."
Well…since near enough every game in the NES series is the same, Mega Man 4, known in Japan as Rockman 4 Aratanaru Yabō!! (ロックマン4 新たなる野望!! Rokkuman Fō Aratanaru Yabō!!, “Rockman 4: A New Ambition!!”), developed and published by Capcom and published by Nintendo in Europe and was released in 1991 in Japan, 1992 in the US and in 1993 in Europe.
So for some reason, after three whole games, they finally give out the backstory of how Mega Man came to be. Anyway, Russian scientist named Dr. Cossack claims to be world's greatest scientist in world, better than puny Dr. Light. They will unleash many strong robots and declare war against puny Mega Man…Sorry, I have drunk vodka and now I somehow spoke Russian…and there goes my Russian audience, if my YouTube trailer doesn't get me killed.
Well…it's Mega Man, it has the same gameplay, you still battle eight robot masters and gain their weapons…err…Ooh, you get the Mega Buster, when you hold the fire button, you charge up a powerful shot. So…err…Rush is back and…still does the exact same thing…err…you still have the slide maneuver…but there's “Flip Top” Eddie who appears from time to time to give you a random item, some you might need, some you won't, compulsive lottery I say.
Let's talk about the robot masters, we have Toad Man, Bright Man, Pharaoh Man, Ring Man, Dust Man, Skull Man, Dive Man, and Drill Man. Toad Man (who is pathetically easy to beat with your measly arm cannon) and their Rain Flush can stun or kill enemies on the screen, it can be useful for the odd annoying enemy or two. Bright Man's Flash Stopper can freeze some enemies and allow you to shoot down enemies with ease, it's also useful against Pharaoh Man and…hands up if you crotch-shotted them to death. Pharaoh Man's Pharaoh Shot allows you to shoot a fireball, charge it up and it becomes powerful. Ring Man's Ring Boomerang lets you throw rings but the range sucks. Dust Man's Dust Crusher is stronger than your cannon and can split. Skull Man's Skull Barrier is the Leaf Shield from Mega Man 2…it protects you. Dive Missile, it's a homing missile and the best weapon in the game. Finally, Drill Man's Drill Bomb, which fires an exploding drill…I'm so sorry Dr. Cossack, but your weapons are kind of crap, your experiments need more vodka.
The graphics are some of the best in the series so far, there's a rotating Mega Man image whenever you collect a new weapon and it looks awesome. The level design is good apart from the tons of spikes and bottomless pits because it's Mega Man and Mega Man needs to have some difficulty, but what else do you expect from Mega Man. The music is OK but not one of my favourites.
Overall, it's…OK, it does nothing entirely new, I'm disappointed. What else can I say about this game but, it's…good. So how many words? About 490 words? 493! Not enough, so here's Mega Man 5…499? I've lost count.
Before I go to Mega Man 5, it's time for cover art time:
NON-EXISTANT SEGWAY!
Mega Man 5, known as Rockman 5 Blues no Wana!? (ロックマン5 ブルースの罠!? “Rockman 5 Blues' Trap!?”), developed and published by Capcom and published by Nintendo in Europe and was released in 1992 in Japan and in the US and in 1993 in Europe.
So Proto Man, Mega Man's brother, has unleashed another bunch of robot masters to take over the world…I guess. To make matters worse, they also kidnap Dr. Light and it's up to Mega Man to do what they always do.
Our robot masters for today include Star Man, Gravity Man, Gyro Man, Crystal Man, Napalm Man, Wave Man, Stone Man and Charge Man. Uuh…oh dear, it seems that I completely forgot what the weapons did, though I know that they're near enough similar to Mega Man 4's set of weapons…that's not a good thing. Anyway, Mega Man's Mega Buster charge has now been improved with a bigger blast and is now more powerful to the point where I always use it, though why the charge stops when I get hit is one I'll always ponder as it's annoying at times. I say this because this never happened in Mega Man 4.
Other than that, there's barely anything new or interesting to talk about. I mean sure, there's Gravity Man's stage and it's gravitation mechanics and Wave Man's stage allows you to ride a Water Craft and battle a robot Octopus. If you collect letters and spell out MEGA MAN V, you unlock Beat who can help you defeat some enemies on screen, a present given to you by Dr. Cossack as an apology from the fourth game, though I would also like a gold skin on my bird ya git. But other than that, there's nothing new.
I'm sorry, but Mega Man 5 sucks, I didn't have any fun with this one and the whole thing has just gone vanilla. Everything you have seen in previous Mega Man games have been butchered in some way but I don't know why. I don't like the levels, I hate the robot masters and their designs, I hate the music and the difficulty is spiky at worse.
Overall, Mega Man 5 is my least favourite game in the series and a game I probably won't play again…maybe. And for goodness sake I haven't even played Mega Man 6, the final game for the NES. See you next week.
You can get these games on the NES/Famicom, PlayStation, PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, Mobile Phone, PlayStation Network and Virtual Console for Wii U and 3DS.
And once again, it's time to look at the cover art:
Advertisements
NFLPA Files Motion To Hold NFL and Commissioner in Contempt of Court Posted: 5/19/2015
Print
For Immediate Release
May 19, 2015
Filing Available Here
NFLPA FILES MOTION TO HOLD NFL AND COMMISSIONER IN CONTEMPT OF COURT IN PETERSON MATTER
Today, the players filed a motion in Federal Court in the Adrian Peterson matter because the Commissioner and NFL have deliberately ignored both the Court's decision from eleven weeks ago and our repeated requests to comply with that order.
On February 26th, the NFL was ordered to change their decision in the Peterson matter and reissue a ruling consistent with our collective bargaining agreement. The Union made multiple requests to the League office asking the arbitrator, who serves at the direction of the Commissioner, to comply with the law and avoid further litigation. Despite our attempts, they have done nothing and leave us no choice but to seek this motion.
The delay tactics, inconsistencies and arbitrary decision making of the League has continued to hurt the rights of players, the credibility of the League office and the integrity of the Collective Bargaining Agreement. In the absence of any action by the NFL's governing board of owners, the players have acted to hold the NFL accountable to our players, the CBA and to the law.
-- Eric Winston
NFLPA President
“Like many others, we're a part of R3. Most of you are probably thinking ‘what for'?”
So said RCI Bank head of innovation and partnerships Jean-Christophe Labarre about participating in one of the bigger consortiums bringing together institutions looking into blockchain technology.
The comment drew some laughter from the crowd of attendees at day one of the developer-focused EDCON conference in Paris, France. The reaction seemed to voice agreement from the developers that they were not so excited by the promise of private consortium applications when compared to the enthusiasm for public ethereum blockchain which anyone can join.
Labarre was one of the first to address the crowd on day one, but the reaction seemed to extend to other private implementations as well.
For example, Enterprise Ethereum, first reported on by CoinDesk at the beginning of the year, is a secretive project that's in the process of emerging from the shadows.
Public details are, so far, thin on the ground, but the gist is that it seems like an equivalent of R3 but utilizing ethereum, with big banks like JP Morgan and Santander reportedly joining ranks.
Knowing that, attendees shared opinions on enterprise applications of ethereum in general and whether or not it would have an impact going forwards. While some were ambivalent, the most common view seemed to be that it would benefit the public ethereum blockchain overall.
“I think it would be a good way for people at the corporate world to hear about Ethereum,” Jorge Izquierdo, tech lead at ethereum project Aragon, told CoinDesk, adding:
“Probably they have some use cases, but I personally think the public chain will eventually work and will be more important.”
Having said that, their partner, Aragon project lead Luis Cuende, sounded less convinced, saying: “In some way it misses the point.”
Serving a purpose
Others seemed more optimistic. Yessin Schiegg, former advisor for the Ethereum Foundation, described what they see as the potential applications.
“Banks putting up their own blockchain system consortium that has the benefit of cost-savings to the banks. It's a new way to get together. It's a good thing,” they said.
It's fairly common to hear comparisons of budding public blockchains (such as ethereum) to an early internet, which took time to grow and develop.
Some go as far as to argue that private blockchain implementations are like intranets – the private networks that were popular with organizations for a time.
But, the open internet is what ultimately won out. And, the open internet, so goes the analogy, is more like the public ethereum blockchain, since it's one big system to which anyone can connect.
Schiegg made the same analogy, but with their own twist, arguing that private internet lines still have an impact today, so private blockchain networks probably will too.
“I think it will survive for a long time. Nowadays, 20 years into the internet, we still have banks having bulletin boards with dedicated lines which are completely cut off from the internet. Permissioned blockchains will survive and coexist and will serve their purpose,” they said.
This echoes what others in the space have said for a while, that private and public blockchains will each have a place in industry going forwards.
Still, Schiegg emphasized (multiple times) that they think that the main ethereum chain will have a more far-reaching impact overall.
“True disruption will come from public implementations,” they said. “But it will take a lot more time because you can set up an MPV [minimum viable product] within months, whereas in order to take advantage of the network affect, the public blockchain needs to grow for years.”
Trojan horse
The EDCON conference talks focused mainly on potential additions to the public ethereum platform, and enterprise applications were not often the subject of discussion.
However, CEO of Brainbot Technologies Heiko Hees, perhaps best known for work on the Raiden Network, delivered a presentation on Trustline Networks, which they described as “Ripple for ethereum” that would be one day be downloadable as a mobile app.
Outside of the presentations, the Aragon team offered bold ideas for how enterprise implementations could potentially provide a ‘Trojan horse' for the public ethereum blockchain – a common interpretation of the developing situation.
Izquierdo offered the example of how Aragon-style firms (essentially DAOs, or leaderless companies) could first be implemented on private networks run by a national government, before they move to a more public venue.
As a developer working on a range of enterprise ethereum applications, architect of the ethereum e-wallet project Omise Rick Dudley put their reaction more bluntly:
“This will be good for ethereum.”
Image via Alyssa Hertig for CoinDesk
The Pac-12 division races are winding down as we hit the last month of the regular season. Things are fairly clear in the North, but a lot more cloudy in the South.
Here are how the teams still in the division chases stack up along with what they need to do to win their race.
North
Control their own destiny
Washington 8-0 (5-0)
The undefeated almost assuredly Huskies control their destiny even if they lose a game before the Apple Cup as they will have a chance to get to force a tie-breaker win with the Cougars even if the Cougs are undefeated going in.
Games left (ranked by difficulty)
At Washington State (11/25) The Cougars likely come in undefeated with a shot at stealing the North, in Pullman. USC (11/12) USC is quietly turning into the scariest team in the Pac-12 not named Washington. At Cal (11/5) Second of a back-to-back on the road. Arizona State (11/19) The Huskies haven't beaten Arizona State since damn near the 90s.
Washington State 6-2 (5-0)
The Cougars made it through the meat of their Pac-12 schedule unscathed and comfortably control their own destiny as they could drop a game between here and the Apple Cup, the Huskies could go undefeated, and they could still grab the North through a tie-breaker.
Games left (ranked by difficulty)
Washington (11/25) The Apple Cup is in Pullman, but the Huskies are stacked and could be playing to keep an undefeated season and Playoff run alive. At Colorado (11/19) The Cougars have a major test before the Apple Cup as they have to head to Boulder and take on what might be the South's best team. Cal (11/12) The Cougars are basically a better version of Cal this year, but the Bears were able to out air raid them last year. Arizona (11/5) The Wildcats still haven't woken up this season and it seems unlikely they will up in Pullman in November.
Need (a lot ) of help
Cal 4-4 (2-3)
You could make the argument Cal is only in the race because they don't get the Washington schools until November, but either way, they are not eliminated yet. The Bears would win the North if they beat both Washington schools in the next two weeks, then beat Stanford and UCLA in Berkeley and the only win either Washington school gets the rest of the year is the Apple Cup.
Games left (ranked by difficulty)
Washington (11/5) The Bears' title hopes probably vanish Saturday night. At Washington State (11/12) Heading up to the Palouse to take on the red-hot Cougars probably won't be fun. Stanford (11/19) This is probably Cal's best chance to win The Big Game in a while and they should hope the Cardinal don't keep improving the way they have recently. UCLA (11/26) The Bruins aren't very scary without Josh Rosen.
South
Control their own destiny
Colorado 6-2 (4-1)
The Buffs lead the South outright going into November, but still have Utah on the schedule who can win a tie-breaker with them if they win out.
Games left (ranked by difficulty)
Utah (11/26) This one will probably decide the South and the Buffs will have their hands full with a tough Ute team. Washington State (11/19) One of the North's best comes to Boulder in the second-to-last week of the season. UCLA (11/3) The Bruins are ailing, but they are still super talented and capable of an upset. At Arizona (11/12) A trap game the Buffs can't overlook.
Utah 7-2 (4-2)
The Utes have one more loss than Colorado, but will get the tie-breaker over Colorado as long as they win. I believe, they might also have a leg up in any potential three-way tie with USC since they went undefeated out-of-conference.
Games left (ranked by difficulty)
At Colorado (11/26) It's all going to be on the line when the Utes head to Boulder. Oregon (11/19) The Ducks are getting better each week with Justin Herbert and will be out to avenge last year's embarrassing loss in Autzen. At Arizona State (11/10) Trap game! This one seems like an easy win on paper, but you never know.
Need Help
USC 5-3 (4-2)
The Trojans have kept themselves alive by winning four-straight and are a nice position to sneak up on Colorado and/or Utah if things go right. The good news is they have the tie-breaker over Colorado. The bad news is they don't have it over Utah.
Games left (ranked by difficulty)
At Washington (11/12) The Trojans have to head up to Seattle in November to take on the Playoff-contending Huskies. At UCLA (11/19) The Bruins are falling apart and probably won't have Josh Rosen, but it is still a rivalry game and the Bruins are still stacked on defense.
Oregon (11/5) This game looks a lot tougher with the Ducks looking better each week.
In March, Apple Music and Spotify reached deals with digital music distributor Dubset that would allow the streaming services to offer unofficial remixes and DJ mixes legally, with all of the artists involved getting paid. Now, those remixes have arrived on Apple Music and Spotify for the first time, as TechCrunch reports.
Dubset CEO Stephen White shared the news last night in a private Facebook post that included a new DJ Jazzy Jeff remix of Anderson .Paak's song “Room in Here.” They added that DJ mixes featuring multiple tracks would be next. White told TechCrunch the arrangement with Spotify and Apple “allows some of the content that until now has only been on YouTube and SoundCloud to come to these great paid services where content owners will get paid.”
When contacted by Pitchfork, Apple Music declined to comment. Spotify has yet to respond to our request.
The news follows a report that Spotify was negotiating to buy SoundCloud.
BREAKING The USA has suffered another rebuff in its attempts to extradite Kim Dotcom, with Judge Winkelmann of the High Court of New Zealand upholding a previous disclosure order made by Judge David Harvey.
The previous order had required the FBI to disclose an extensive amount of documentation to support its application for Dotcom's extradition. As noted by NZ's LawGeekNZ blog, the disclosure would cover communications between US authorities and the MPAA and RIAA on behalf of copyright owners.
This had been resisted by the US, which requested a judicial review. This has now been completed, and in a 51-page judgment (available at LawGeekNZ), Judge Winkelmann has dismissed the application.
“Without disclosure,” the judge wrote, Dotcom “will be significantly constrained in their or their ability to participate in the hearing, and the requesting state will have a significant advantage in terms of access to information”. It was that advantage that the “G-Men” sought, and failed, to preserve.
The USA had also tried to corner the High Court by putting forward the notion that the orders represented an attempt at extra-territoriality, something which didn't impress the judge: “Because the applicant is a party to the proceeding, orders for disclosure does not involve the District Court making orders with extraterritorial effect”.
Dotcom was arrested back in January, along with associated Finn Batato, Mathias Ortmann and Bram Van Der Kolk, with the FBI saying that Megaupload was responsible for copyright infringement on a mega scale. The case has been delayed, with an extradition decision now unlikely before 2013 – if, in fact, the prospect of disclosure doesn't cause a re-think back in the Land of the Free. ®
Many of you have visited the Seven Wonders of the World, such as The Leaning Tower of Pisa, the Great Pyramid of Giza or one of the grandest mausoleums in the world- the Taj Mahal. But did you know of the eighth wonder of the world, located very close to Dhaka!
We are talking about a bridge at Dohar, only 50 kilometres away from the capital, which lies suspended in mid air with a few columns barely touching the ground.
This undated photo of the bridge, identified as Mahmudpur Dulu Khan Bridge, has been making the rounds in the social media platform, Facebook, and has drawn much ridicule!
“Vote for this world heritage” or “New idea looks super” were some of the comments in the post.
Citing the recent scam of using bamboo sticks instead of iron rod in a construction site in Chuadanga, the Facebook users also made similar jokes. “They haven't used bamboo for sure.”
Also regarding the ongoing Padma Multipurpose Bridge project, one comment said, “Be careful, Padma Bridge engineers shouldn't see it.”
The Daily Star is currently gathering more information about the bridge.
Being part of a larger global economic picture is one way Canadian companies can shine. When it comes to global integration, one British Columbia-based firm might well define the concept.
Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation Corp., which is based in Burnaby, B.C., was founded as a joint venture in 2008 by three companies: Germany's Daimler AG, the Ford Motor Co., and automotive fuel-cell power systems developer Ballard Power Systems Inc. Five years later, Ford bought out Ballard's 19.9-per-cent share.
Setting up the new company in Burnaby was an obvious choice, with surrounding universities working on green technology.
Story continues below advertisement
"The area is kind of like the Silicon Valley of hydrogen fuel-cell development," says Robert Artibise, Automotive Fuel Cell's senior manager of stack engineering. "Canada has been a world leader in these green technologies since 2008."
The company has more than 200 employees developing hydrogen fuel cells for Daimler and Ford. Fuel cells offer a potential advance in the continuing search for zero-emission automotive engines. Using a proton-exchange membrane, or PEM, they work by creating energy chemically, converting hydrogen and oxygen through a catalyst into water and electricity. Canadian geophysicist Geoffrey Ballard made considerable advances in research into fuel cells in the 1980s.
"The only emission from these vehicles is water vapour," says Mr. Artibise.
Because each cell produces a little more than half a volt, the devices are stacked to produce sufficient voltage. Automotive Fuel Cell's fuel stack is produced at the Mercedes-Benz Fuel Cell plant, also located in Burnaby.
A Daimler subsidiary in Germany called NuCellSys GmbH has overall responsibility for the fuel-drive assembly and hydrogen storage system. "They take our component and integrate it with a couple of other components, like an air compressor and a fuel pump," Mr. Artibise explains. "They provide that subsystem to Daimler and Daimler integrates that into vehicles."
For Walter Merida, director of the Clean Energy Research Centre at the University of British Columbia, the Daimler-Ford joint venture is a significant one. "The impact this would have is making the manufacturing processes, the supply chain and the quality control protocols robust enough to scale up," they say.
In 2012, Mercedes-Benz Canada joined its parent company in Burnaby, forming a new company called Mercedes-Benz Fuel Cells that manufactures fuel-cell stacks for Daimler. That move represented "a coup" for the region, says Dr. Merida. "Instead of opening a plant in Stuttgart or Detroit or California, the plant came to Canada. So we have a chance to make a contribution to making this new technology reach the mass market."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Automotive Fuel Cell also played a significant role in the three-way agreement signed in early 2013 by Daimler, Ford and Japan's Nissan Motor Co. to develop a common fuel-cell system for eventual use in separate mass-market cars. The goal of such collaboration is to reduce investment costs and shorten the time frame in bringing an affordable, mass-market fuel-cell vehicle to consumers.
The range of a fuel-cell electric vehicle is far greater than that of battery-electric cars. Compared with batteries, which are heavy and need time to charge, the fuel-cell vehicle can be refuelled in minutes. Several hundred of these vehicles are on the road in California, Japan and Europe. Customers have completed more than 12 million kilometres of real-world driving experience in them.
"Daimler has done a lot of work on the road testing of these products," says Jeremy Cato, a long-time auto industry observer. "It knows a lot about PEMs, and how to squeeze the tooling and precious metal costs associated with them."
The main challenge for fuel-cell cars, however, is the lack of refuelling infrastructure, Dr. Merida says. "Canada is behind other parts of the world" on that score, they added.
Yet Mercedes-Benz is planning to introduce a new, electric version of its GLC-class SUV later this year. A plug-in hybrid, the vehicle prototype has a battery pack in the rear and a fuel-cell stack – developed in partnership with Automotive Fuel Cell – under the hood. It has a 500-kilometre range.
One obvious market for this kind of green vehicle is China, Dr. Merida says. "Both from a climate-change perspective and air-quality perspective, China is definitely one of the markets with the strongest demand, I would think, for zero-emission technologies."
Story continues below advertisement
Indeed, earlier this month, at the China Economic Forum in Beijing, Daimler's chairperson of the board of management, Dieter Zetsche, announced that the company plans to eventually produce its new generation of electric Mercedes-Benz models there.
Advances like these have kept Mr. Artibise, for one, highly optimistic about Automotive Fuel Cell's future. "I've been in this business for nearly 20 years now," they say, "and I believe that fuel cells will ultimately enable the world to significantly reduce our dependence on fossil fuels."
This guy sounds like a real bundle of joy
As with any collector craze, amiibo are being hit hard by the reseller market -- a group of people that buy as many as possible only to flip them for a substantial profit. Most see it purely as business, but one man's driven by a personal vendetta with regard to one of the figurines.
In an interview with Nintendo Nuggets, a collector of vintage Nintendo items who goes by both "Daily Dose" and "Mariotehplumber" revealed that he's pre-ordered more than a hundred Rosalina & Luma amiibo -- all because they really, really dislikes the character. "I do not appreciate Rosalina appearing in almost every recent Mario game to date. The fact Nintendo promotes them so much and people praise them is just disgusting," they said.
Daily Dose continued "I hate their fans, too. I know for a fact their amiibo will be among one of the most popular, which is why I took the time to wait and pre-order over 100 of them I do not want their fans to be happy... It just crushes me Nintendo from the good days went to this shit for character designs."
While it seems excessive, it's just a fraction of the amount of money Daily Dose claims to have committed to amiibo. They say that they have already spent more than $4,000, and that they have an additional $35,000 to invest on the figurines. Of those funds, they state that they intend to spend heavily on Lucina, Palutena, Robin, and Zero Suit Samus -- all out of a similar hatred and disdain that they have for Rosalina.
Some might find it unbelievable that one man could acquire this many rare amiibo, but Daily Dose says that they order them using addresses of friends and family. There isn't any substantial evidence that they own all of these apart from several pictures of piles of amiibo graced by a middle finger (something that, honestly, sounds likely from a man of this mindset). So, if you're looking for a Rosalina amiibo with no luck, just remember that someone who can't stand them is part of the reason why.
Exclusive: Collector Spends $4k with $35k in Reserve on Amiibo! [Nintendo Nugget via reddit]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Image caption Landings into UK ports in the 19th Century were four times higher than today
Over-fishing means UK trawlers have to work 17 times as hard for the same fish catch as 120 years ago, a study shows.
Researchers used port records dating from the late 1800s, when mechanised boats were replacing sailing vessels.
In the journal Nature Communications, they say this implies "an extraordinary decline" in fish stocks and "profound" ecosystem changes.
Four times more fish were being landed in UK ports 100 years ago than today, and catches peaked in 1938.
"Over a century of intensive trawl fishing has severely depleted UK seas of bottom living fish like halibut, turbot, haddock and plaice," said Simon Brockington, head of conservation at the Marine Conservation Society and one of the study's authors.
"It is vital that governments recognise the changes that have taken place (and) set stock protection and recovery targets that are reflective of the historical productivity of the sea."
Victorian values
In the late 1880s, the government set up inspectorates in major fishing ports in an attempt to monitor what fish were being landed.
There's nothing basically wrong with the CFP and not much wrong with the scientific research they receive Philip MacMullen, Seafish
"The records are pretty reliable," said Callum Roberts from the UK's York University, another of the study authors.
"The Victorians were very assiduous about collecting information; and while some of the landings might have been missed from smaller ports, the larger ports were covered very efficiently," they told BBC News.
Around the same period, naturalist Walter Garstang was beginning to analyse "fishing power" - essentially, the capacity of a fleet to catch fish.
The biggest change over the period was from sail to engine power.
"With sail power, boats could only go at fixed times and only in certain places with a smooth sea bottom," Professor Roberts noted
"But when you got engines, that meant they could fish in any conditions of wind or tide and sea bed."
As waters near the coast became depleted, industrialisation also meant the UK fleet could travel further in search of new grounds - a phenomenon that took off after 1918.
But despite the growing power and range, the amount of fish caught for each unit of effort has gone drastically down, with 17 times more effort required now to catch the same amount of fish as compared with the late 1800s.
'Old news'
Philip MacMullen, head of environmental responsibility at the UK's industry-funded sustainability organisation Seafish, suggested that accenting the historical picture could obscure more recent improvements.
"It could be correct but I don't know, and I don't think the data support the findings," they said.
Image caption Fish such as plaice have been fished further and further afield
"But it's old news. Fifteen years ago we started understanding how badly management was working, and 10 years ago we started doing something about it."
Seafish points out that in the last decade, stocks of some species such as cod have shown increases.
But Professor Roberts counters that the long historical timeline in their study shows the recent improvements to be small in scale.
"If you get a 50% increase from 2% of a species' former abundance, you get to 3% of its former abundance, so you shouldn't celebrate too hard," they said.
"That's why this perspective is important."
Whereas UK fishermen tend to blame the EU's Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) for their economic problems, the authors of this study say it proves that depletion stems from mismanagament well before the CFP came into existence.
"There's nothing basically wrong with the CFP and not much wrong with the scientific research they receive," commented Dr MacMullen.
"But what happens to that advice when it goes up to the Council of Ministers - it's completely mis-managed."
Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks with their daughter Ivanka (L) and their wife Melania (R) at their sides at their 2016 South Carolina presidential primary night victory rally in Spartanburg, South Carolina February 20, 2016. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Donald Trump won South Carolina's 2016 Republican primary on Saturday, giving the former reality television star their second victory in a major presidential nominating contest in the past two weeks. If the Republican Party wasn't terrified before, they are now.
In the past six GOP primaries without an incumbent, New Hampshire and South Carolina have been won by the same candidate three times—and all three went on to win the nomination. With the exception of Newt Gingrich in 2012, meanwhile, every single South Carolina winner since 1980 went on to become the eventual Republican nominee. Those are admittedly small sample sizes, but they are nonetheless cause for serious concern for the GOP establishment. Trump now has two primary victories to go along with a second-place finish in Iowa. Meanwhile, the Republican Party's best hope to restore order to the race, Marco Rubio, finished third in Iowa, fifth in New Hampshire, and will do no better than second in South Carolina.
We'll have to wait for the final results to see how much Trump's margin of victory will be, but early exit polls showed them winning the support of about one-third of South Carolina voters. That's right about where he's been polling in recent weeks, and only a few ticks below where they were in Palmetto State polls at the start the year. Trump wasn't afraid to take some risks in the final days before South Carolina either; this past week they attacked former President George W. Bush—still a popular figure in the Republican Party—in a GOP debate and feuded with Pope Francis. Trump, though, has proved time and again that they can slaughter a sacred cow in primetime without causing their fans to flinch.
Trump's momentum is likely to continue, too. He's currently polling more than 20 points ahead of Rubio and Ted Cruz in Nevada, which will hold its GOP caucus on Tuesday. Next up after that contest will be Super Tuesday, which is dominated with the type of southern states that, according to polls, seem eager to buy what Trump has been selling on the stump.
The billionaire's rivals, meanwhile, will be left to pick up the pieces. Rubio and Ted Cruz appear likely to finish in second and third, in some order, but both will have a difficult time spinning that into a moral victory. Cruz will face doubts about whether they can expand their base beyond the evangelical voters who delivered them a win in Iowa, a limitation that proved to be the undoing of the Hawkeye State's previous two GOP caucus winners, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum. Rubio, meanwhile, will use the South Carolina results to argue that their party-approved rivals—Jeb Bush and John Kasich—should drop out of the race. But even if that happens, Rubio can't win the GOP nomination if they can't win a state. And so far, he's failed to do that—despite emerging as the establishment favorite-by-default back in November.
Trump still faces a number of their own hurdles moving forward. There's still good reason to wonder if—given their lackluster favorability numbers—Trump's ceiling may be below the 50-percent threshold he'd need to win a two-man contest. Cruz, meanwhile, has the money and motivation to press on, and should remain competitive in the south. And Rubio would get a major boost if Bush and Kasich drop out before the nominating race reaches the bigger, more establishment-friendly, winner-take-all states in the North and along the coasts where he'd be expected to do well. But with three nominating contests in the books, Trump has been the most dominant candidate in the field by far. History suggests there's little reason to think they won't continue to be.
Read more Slate coverage of the GOP primary.
Mazzarri expects real Napoli's return
By Football Italia staff
Walter Mazzarri wants to see the real Napoli against Lazio tomorrow, after Sunday's disappointing draw with Catania.
The Azzurri played against 10-men for almost 90 minutes in Sicily after Pablo Alvarez was red carded, but failed to break down an organized Elefanti defence.
“Against Lazio I want to see my Napoli,” Mazzarri told Gazzetta dello Sport. “Playing as a team we can win.”
The match pits second against third in Serie A, and the former Livorno tactician is well aware their team must improve to emerge victorious.
“Tomorrow there must be competitiveness, nastiness and attention to detail. The modern game is based on a concept, you have to be fierce and high-paced, playing the ball incisively, but I didn't see this against Catania.
“If we show these qualities against Lazio we would give a bad impression. And this is what I told the players after the trip to Sicily.”
Mazzarri confirmed that some changes will be made, but there will be no starting berth for rising star Lorenzo Insigne.
“Edinson Cavani and Goran Pandev deserve confirmation."
Napoli have won only one of the last seven home matches against Lazio in Serie A.
Alberta NDP leader Rachel Notley speaks at their first news conference as Premier elect in Edmonton May 6, 2015. REUTERS/Dan Riedlhuber
TORONTO (Reuters) - Energy companies operating in Alberta should aim to upgrade more of the oil they produce within the province, Alberta's newly elected premier said in an television interview.
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley led the left-leaning New Democrats to a sweeping victory on Tuesday on promises that included energy industry reforms. Canadian energy stocks dropped following the win.
Notley reiterated in an interview on Global Television's “The West Block” that they want Alberta, the biggest source of U.S. oil imports, to be a “healthy place for investment.” But they said the industry should do more value-added processing in the province.
“Let's make sure that we have more upgraded product and more upgrading here because the higher up the supply chain you get, the more a drop in oil prices helps those higher up in the supply chain,” they said in a transcript of the interview.
“Let's make sure some of that's happening here in Alberta. And, I'm not saying all of it, but I am saying that we need to look towards being more than simply drawers of water and hewers of wood.”
Notley, who had said ahead of the vote that they would not lobby on behalf of TransCanada Corp's (TRP.TO) controversial Keystone XL pipeline if elected, noted the pipeline would ship unrefined crude abroad.
“My concern about Keystone as it's currently thought out, and of course, it doesn't need to be exactly what it is right now, is that it's going to ship a lot of jobs south of here,” they said.
Asked about the prospect of raising carbon taxes, they said government would need more time to consult on the issue.
In the outskirts of Åby, Sweden there's a hotel up the old concrete road called ‘Värdshuset Stenkullen'.
Mood:
Stenkullen was built in 1858 as an exclusive summer residence for a local snuff manufacturer named Erik Swartz. Stenkullen served as a family house for various families until 1957 when the Svensson family bought it and made it into a hotel.
Stenkullens small chapel were a lot of baptisms, weddings as well as funerals been held through the years.
“Little Stenkullen”.
Stenkullen was designed by Adolf W. Edelsvärd.
The hotel may have somewhat of an ‘abandoned' finish to it on the outside but it's actually a hotel still in business. The interior has been exactly the same since the Svensson's took over in '57.
The Svensson family. Maria and their parents.
Old picture of the dining room.
“On this hook, there's been a unique Dresden plate of china passed down for three generations. Now it's stolen and I get super pissed and I wish the thief all evil imaginable.” Notes like this occur all over the hotel.
Maria Svensson, the owner of Stenkullen. They run it after their late parents. “This house is primarily a home, and secondly a hotel.”
Maria still keeps their room just as it was when they were a kid, ~55 years ago.
In the attic there's a hatch leading to a hidden room were Maria used to go as a kid to hide away from the hotel guests when they got tired of them. Them toys are still here. They believe the small room was built during WWII to hide people away.
Kitha IV.
A gift from the Swedish princess Ingeborg in '11.
A couple of years after Maria's father bought Stenkullen it was decided by the state that a new highway should be built straight through Stenkullens garden. Said and done, the garden was split in half leaving the hotel on one side and the fruit garden on the other. Watch the old aerial footage below for comparison.
Apart from the sound of the cars and a partially destroyed garden, Stenkullen were now more visible than ever which resulted in more guests.
Maria likes to keep things just as they were.
“To nothing – which is something.”
“Recipe for a better society: Capital punishment for murderers. The flogging of thieves + gangsters – who will not let us be people of peace on the streets and in our homes.”
“Sit down my friend and do what they're talking in parliament. You noble Swedish who love words but action rejects.”
“Once again we've been visited by thieves who stole a headband from Tahiti (travel memory). May the devil take them.” These notes are authored by Marias late father.
Imperial porter stored in Maria's wine cellar since '85.
Stenkullen is also well known for its spirits, especially “the man in black”, a friendly ghost that may check on you while you're sleeping. I myself had not the good fortune to meet them tho.
This bed was specially designed for King Oscar II's oblong body. A lot of upper-class figures have been around Stenkullen in its early days.
If you would like to visit Stenkullen you should call Maria and book in beforehand. Booked guests only.
Contact: Phonenumber
Location: 58°40'05.5″N 16°12'31.5″E
Home Monitor is an application built on Splunk that allows any user to view the network traffic moving through their home router. This application takes the syslog feed from your router and breaks it out into ports, IP Addresses and locations based on IP addresses.
These are all free downloads from splunkbase. Splunk Version 6.x and above is recommended since this app leverages the sparklines command report acceleration. Make sure to upgrade to gain the full benefit of the new release.
This app has been made to be compliant with CIM 4.0 and now works with Asus, pfSense 2.2.1+ [tested], Netgear, Skyhub, OpenWRT [not tested], Mikro-Tik [tested].
The latest version has a simple workflow that helps users leverage the dynamic dashboards to see the flow of traffic through their home network. It's a work in progress, so please let me know what you think.
The Application has a setup section built into the app that walks you through setting up the data output on your Verizon FiOS Router. Additional information can be found at http://amiracle19.blogspot.com . Please refer to this site for updates and topic discussions about the Home Monitor App. Thanks,
Kam
Okay, maybe I'm just too old for this stuff. What's this kids, “planking”? Back in my day, we liked to play it safe and try to come out with some limbs intact, at least.
A man died early Sunday morning at 4:30 a.m. after they tried to “plank” outside a balcony seven stories up in Brisbane, Australia. Sadly, they fell to their death. Like with any new cult or craze, let's please exercise some common sense here, guys.
“Planking” for those of you who just don't know is a new Facebook craze in Australia. It basically involves people lying facedown on objects (like a plank – get it?) while your friend, who doesn't want to tell you how dumb you probably look, snaps a picture of you. Of course, it all goes on Facebook.
According to the New York Post, people are trying to outdo anywhere they can think of: on top of a McDonald's sign, office desk, Saturn's outer rings, and railway tracks (smart, or just dumb?). Unfortunately, it's led to some pretty stupid people pulling some pretty stupid things, and eventually having to pay the price for it.
Me? I prefer to plank on top of my bed. Mostly at night, and without the photos. Oh wait – that's called ‘sleeping.'
(via New York Post)
More on TIME.com:
Facebook Beefs Up Login Security with Optional Text Approval System
Facebook Hires PR Firm to Plant Negative News About Google
Facebook Apps Are Leaking Your Profile to Third Parties
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Helicopter crash report
A heliport operator raised concerns about flying close to a high-rise building in south London before a fatal helicopter crash, a report has said.
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) said the operator of the London Heliport questioned the effect of the building development in Vauxhall.
The pilot and a pedestrian were killed when the aircraft crashed into a crane on the morning of 13 January 2013.
The AAIB said the pilot did not see the crane or it was "too late to avoid it".
The report added that despite the heliport operator raising concerns in 2009, it "does not appear to have led to further discussion or action".
'Pilot unaware'
The Agusta 109 helicopter struck the jib of a crane attached to a building development at St George Wharf and crashed into the street.
Julian Firth, principal inspector from the AAIB, said: "The investigation found that the pilot was probably unable to remain continuously clear of cloud as the helicopter approached Vauxhall Bridge and probably unaware of the helicopter's proximity to the building.
"He didn't see the crane or saw it too late to avoid it."
They added the pilot's decision to continue to the London Heliport despite the weather conditions may have been a contributing factor.
Pilot Pete Barnes, 50, a father of two from near Reading, and pedestrian Matthew Wood, 39, of Sutton, south London, were killed.
Twelve other people on the ground were injured and cars and buildings were also damaged.
Darren Wood, the brother of Mr Wood, said: "The report is what it is, it just tells us how the accident happened.
"I lost my brother and my best friend and there is nothing that will change that."
Rule five of the CAA Rules of the Air Regulations requires that aircraft should be flown no closer than 500ft (152m) to any structure.
The helicopter struck the crane at a point where it was separated from the building by 105ft (32m), the investigators said.
The AAIB report concluded: "The pilot flew too close to the building not because they misjudged 500ft separation but because they either did not see the building or because they disregarded rule five."
Image copyright Sutton Guardian / Hotspot media Image caption Pedestrian Matthew Wood and pilot Pete Barnes were killed in the crash
The report made 10 recommendations, including changes to the way obstacles were notified to the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA).
Currently there is no requirement for local planning authorities to notify the CAA when granting planning permission for obstacles more than 300ft high when those obstacles are outside safeguarded areas.
Mr Firth said: "The AAIB has recommended improvements in the way obstacles are notified to the regulator so that their effect on aviation factors can be considered and before the planning permission is granted on the case of new developments."
LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister David Cameron's Conservative Party toughened its stance on Europe on Friday, announcing a pre-election plan to quit the European Court of Human Rights unless it agrees that Britain's parliament has the final say over its rulings.
Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron waits to meet Italy's Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, at Downing Street in London, October 2, 2014. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Cameron, who is seeking to counter a growing threat from the anti-European Union UK Independence Party in May's national election, has said rulings by the European rights court had prevented Britain deporting suspected militants.
They have also criticised the Strasbourg-based court, which was set up in 1959, for insisting on human rights on the battlefields of Afghanistan and upholding the rights of prisoners to vote.
The Conservatives are trying to bolster their support ahead of a probably close election next year, and the announcement received a warm welcome from Britain's right-leaning newspapers which have been vocal critics of the court, with the Daily Mail running a front page headline: “End of human rights farce”.
An opinion poll on Friday showed the Conservatives edging ahead of the centre-left opposition Labour party for the first time in more than two years. But support for UKIP stood at 14 percent, underscoring the threat it poses to both parties.
Cameron has said they want to bring back powers to London from Europe before an in-out referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union that the Conservatives have promised if they win re-election.
Under the proposal announced on Friday, a victorious Conservative party would draw up a Bill of Rights that would set out the application of human rights law in Britain.
The proposed changes would mean the European court's rulings would no longer be binding over the Supreme Court and that Britain's parliament would have the right to veto its judgments.
“I think the people of this country believe that first of all there should not be a legal blank cheque to take human rights into areas were they have never applied before,” Justice Secretary Chris Grayling told BBC radio.
“We don't think those things should be decided in a European court. We think if they are to be addressed they should be discussed in this country, in our courts and in our parliament.”
If Britain could not reach such a deal, it would pull out of the human rights convention, Grayling said.
COUNCIL OF EUROPE SAYS NO OPT-OUT FOR UK
The Human Rights Act, domestic legislation which enshrines the international principles of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) into British law, would be scrapped.
Britain is a founding member of the Council of Europe which was created in 1949 and whose 47 members include all EU countries and others including Russia and Turkey.
All the members have signed up to the ECHR which seeks to protect human rights, democracy and the rule of law. The European Court of Human Rights oversees implementation of the convention.
In a brief statement, the Council of Europe made clear that it would not accept a convention opt-out for Britain.
“As they stand, the proposals are not consistent with the ECHR,” the three-line statement said. It also said it noted that the proposals were not yet in the form of draft legislation.
The plan by the Conservatives depends on the party winning an outright majority in May's election. Its minority coalition partners in the current government, the Liberal Democrats, are opposed to limiting the powers of the court in Britain.
Dominic Grieve, who served as Britain's attorney general under Cameron until earlier this year, said the government's case made “a number of howlers which are simply factually inaccurate”, such as an assertion that the ECHR had prevented Britain from upholding whole-life prison sentences.
“I think that we are about to suffer what I would describe as a failure of ambition,” Grieve told BBC radio.
“We have always been a heart of developing human rights on the world stage. We have very high status worldwide in doing that ... and actually the paper gives the impression of a retrenchment down to a very narrow focus indeed,” they said.
Two women, including their former wife and a recent girlfriend, say that Oakland Raiders coach Tom Cable has a history of violent behavior toward women.
In separate interviews with ESPN's "Outside the Lines," Sandy Cable and Marie Lutz say that Cable hit them during relationships dating back more than 20 years.
Cable's alleged temper has been in the news since August, when Oakland assistant coach Randy Hanson accused Cable of breaking their jaw during an altercation in a coaches meeting.
On Oct. 22, Napa County district attorney Gary Lieberstein said they would not pursue charges against Cable, citing inconsistencies in Hanson's story that were not corroborated by the three assistants in the room at the time.
But the two women interviewed by "Outside The Lines" say that Cable, in their first full season as the Raiders' head coach, physically abused them at various times during their relationships.
In 1989, Sandy Cable sought a temporary order of protection, which said, in part, "On two occasions, one back in '86 and the other in '88, they hit me. The second time in the face, however on attempts to call law enforcement, my husband would rip the phone out of the wall."
A third woman, Cable's second wife Glenda, said in documents related to the couple's 2008 divorce that "in the past they have been physically and verbally abusive to me." Glenda and Tom Cable were married for 17 years. They declined to speak to "Outside The Lines", but is currently receiving support payments from Cable.
Glenda Cable's attorney on Saturday issued a statement to OTL which contradicted the statements in the divorce documents.
"I have known Tom Cable for more than 20 years, including 17 years of marriage," Glenda Cable said in the statement. "Throughout the time I have known him, Tom has never been violent to me or our children. I chose not to speak to the media before now to protect my privacy and that of my children. However, I am very troubled by what is being claimed by others and I felt compelled to speak out about my own lengthy experience with Tom."
NASA is initiating mission concept studies for a new generation of large space-based astrophysics observatories that could be considered during the next astrophysics Decadal Survey by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine. NASA astrophysics division director Paul Hertz outlined the concepts during a hearing before two House Sciences, Space, and Technology (SS&T) subcommittees today.
Decadal Surveys are conducted by expert committees organized by the Academies approximately every 10 years (a decade) to identify the most important scientific questions to be answered in the next 10 years and missions to obtain those answers. They are done for each of NASA's space and earth science disciplines and in some cases for other agencies as well. The astrophysics Decadal Surveys makes recommendations for NASA as well as the National Science Foundation (NSF), which manages ground-based astronomy programs, and the Department of Energy's high energy astrophysics programs.
Congress and the government agencies rely heavily on Decadal Surveys because they represent a consensus of the relevant scientific community. The first Decadal Survey was conducted in 1964 for the field of astronomy and astrophysics. Surveys for planetary science, solar and space physics (heliophysics), earth science and applications from space, and biological and physical sciences in space began more recently. Congress mandated in the 2005 NASA authorization act that the Academies also conduct mid-term assessments half-way through each respective decade to report on how the agencies are implementing the recommendations. The most recent astrophysics Survey — New Worlds, New Horizons — was issued in 2010 and its associated mid-term review is expected to be released soon.
Today's hearing before the Space Subcommittee (which oversees NASA) and the Research and Technology Subcommittee (which has oversight of NSF) was focused broadly on astronomy, astrophysics and astrobiology, but much of the discussion was about NASA and NSF implementation of the 2010 Survey and plans for the next one.
Hertz told the subcommittees that NASA is looking at four potential large missions to follow the James Webb Space Telescope, scheduled for launch in 2018, and the Wide-Field Infrared Space Telescope (WFIRST) now in formulation in response to the 2010 Survey. They described the four concepts and the types of discoveries they could enable as follows:
the X-ray Surveyor that “might discover the first generation of supermassive black holes in the infant universe, unravel the structure of the cosmic web and determine its impact of the evolution of galaxies, and determine the influence of dark matter on the evolution of the universe”;
that “might discover the first generation of supermassive black holes in the infant universe, unravel the structure of the cosmic web and determine its impact of the evolution of galaxies, and determine the influence of dark matter on the evolution of the universe”; the Far-Infrared Surveyo r that “might find bio-signatures in the atmosphere of exoplanets…, map the beginnings of chemistry, and explain the origins of dust and the molecules that form the cradle of life”;
r that “might find bio-signatures in the atmosphere of exoplanets…, map the beginnings of chemistry, and explain the origins of dust and the molecules that form the cradle of life”; the Large Ultraviolet, Optical, and Infrared surveyor (LUVOIR) that “could be designed with a very large mirror that could capture the first starlight in the early universe, map the distribution of nearby dark matter with unprecedented resolution, detect water worlds and biomarkers on distant Earth-like planets, and image icy plumes from the moons of giant planets in our solar system”; and
that “could be designed with a very large mirror that could capture the first starlight in the early universe, map the distribution of nearby dark matter with unprecedented resolution, detect water worlds and biomarkers on distant Earth-like planets, and image icy plumes from the moons of giant planets in our solar system”; and the Habitable Exoplanet Imaging Mission (HabEx) that “could search for signs of habitability in the atmospheres of exoplanets.”
Exoplanets are planets orbiting other stars. NASA's Kepler Space Telescope has identified over 5,000 exoplanet candidates so far.
Decadal Survey committees typically seek input from the scientific community at large for new mission concepts and Hertz made clear that these are only NASA's concepts. Others may well emerge during the Survey process. Also, those are candidates for large missions only. NASA intends to retain a balanced portfolio of small, medium, and large missions.
Congress established the interagency Astronomy and Astrophysics Advisory Committee (AAAC) to coordinate activities across NSF, NASA and DOE in the 2002 NSF Authorization Act. Angela Olinto, a professor of astronomy and astrophysics at the University of Chicago's Fermi Institute, currently chairs AAAC and also was a witness at today's hearing. They praised the Decadal Survey process as the best way to prioritize missions based on cost and the availability of technology. They noted that their own project came in fourth in the last Survey and therefore did not make the cut, but they still believe Surveys are “the right process.”
Christine Jones, President of the American Astronomical Society and a
Senior Astrophysicist with the Smithsonian Astrophysics Observatory, similarly praised the community-driven Decadal Survey process and other mechanisms to obtain input from the broad astrophysics community. They noted that the four mission concepts described by Hertz originated in NASA's three astrophysics Program Analysis Groups (PAGs), which also are community-driven.
NSF's Director of the Division on Astronomical Sciences, Jim Ulvestad, said that NSF also follows the Decadal Surveys closely. It is currently building the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST) in response to the 2010 Survey. Implementing Survey recommendations can be a challenge because Survey committees must make assumptions about how much money will be available to execute the missions they recommend, but actual budgets may not match expectations. They said Surveys should be “aspirational” and “reach for the stars,” but not present a laundry list of missions that cannot be implemented.
Rep. Suzanne Bonamici (D-OR) asked about international cooperation and Hertz replied that 80 percent of NASA's astrophysics missions are international partnerships. All four of the mission concept studies assume international collaboration and NASA is talking with the European Space Agency about participating in its ATHENA X-ray observatory and a possible future space-based gravitational wave detector.
NSF operates the Arecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico, which NASA uses to characterize and track asteroids as part of its Near Earth Object Observation program. The fate of Arecibo has been uncertain for many years and NSF is again considering whether to continue funding it. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA), who advocates for programs to defend Earth from potentially hazardous asteroids, asked whether NSF was about to “mothball” Arecibo. Ulvestad said no decisions have been made yet and stressed that, with regard to asteroids, Arecibo is used only to characterize and track known asteroids, not to find new ones that might threaten Earth. LSST is a survey telescope with a wide field of view that will be able to locate asteroids, they added, but Rohrabacher insisted that until LSST is operational, Arecibo is needed.
Olinto's main message was that rising costs to operate astrophysics facilities coupled with constrained budgets is reducing the number of grants that can be approved. They said the number of successful grant applications has fallen from 30 percent to 20 percent. That reduces the number of graduate students that can be funded, affecting the next generation of astronomers and astrophysicists.
The importance of contributions to astronomy through observations by amateur
astronomers are highlighted by several committee members and witnesses. AAS's Jones said that 250,000 college students enroll in introductory astronomy courses, 10 percent of the student population, an indication of the broad interest in understanding the universe.
Shelley Wright, a member of the advisory committee for the Breakthrough Listen project talked about public engagement in the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI). They said enthusiasm for SETI has increased dramatically, but resources are scare. While most SETI searches have been in the radio wavelengths, optical and infrared lasers might be better suited for the task. House SS&T committee chairperson Lamar Smith (R-TX) lamented that NASA does not fund SETI searches.
NASA has not funded SETI searches since the early 1980s when Senator William Proxmire (D-WI), who chaired the appropriations subcommittee that funded NASA at the time, prohibited it because they considered it a waste of taxpayer dollars.
Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) asked about potential use of the Space Launch System (SLS) and Orion spacecraft for future space-based astrophysics missions. They postulated that Orion crews might be able to service JWST, for example, as shuttle crews did for the Hubble Space Telescope. Hertz and Olinto acknowledged that SLS could enable launching much larger (in mass and size) space telescopes, but Olinto was not persuaded that astronauts could service JWST or other telescopes so far from Earth. Hubble is in Earth orbit and was comparatively easy to access with the shuttle. JWST will be at the Sun-Earth L2 Lagrange point. They suggested that robotic servicing was a more likely option, but the real key is to ensure that it is working properly before launch so servicing is not required.
A suspected suicide bomber has targeted the Supreme Court building in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing at least 20 people, according to officials.
Ismail Kawasi, the public health ministry spokesperson, said 41 people were also wounded in Tuesday's explosion, which hit near a side door used for court employees to leave the building at the end of the work day.
The attacker was on foot and detonated their suicide vest packed with explosives near the employees and other people as they were coming out of the main court building, Najib Danish, deputy spokesperson for the interior ministry, told the Associated Press news agency.
INTERACTIVE: Afghanistan civilian casualties reaches record high
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack but Taliban fighters have attacked the top court and its employees in the past, as well as court buildings in the other provinces.
"This is not the first attack that targeted Afghan justice system," Al Jazeera's Qais Azimy, reporting from Kabul, said.
"In fact the exact location, the car park of the supreme court, was targeted before in June 2013 by a suicide bomber, which killed 17 people."
"That's why this part of the compound is heavily guarded and the employees of this court know that they are targets for Taliban," Azimy said.
The armed group has repeatedly issued statements threatening to target employees at Afghanistan's justice system "because they are not happy with the way they are working", our correspondent added.
Farah bombing
The Kabul bombing came hours after a roadside bombing killed the top government official of a district in western Farah province.
Taliban spokesperson Qari Yusouf Ahmadi said the group claimed responsibility for that attack.
A Farah police spokesperson, Iqbal Baher, told AP that Abdul Khaliq, the top official in the Khak-e-Safed district, was on their way home from the mosque when the explosion took place in the city of Farah, the provincial capital.
Taliban fighters frequently use roadside bombs and suicide attacks to target government officials as well as Afghan security forces across the country.
Government on Thursday launched a scathing attack on Congress on the issue of secularism saying it was the “most misused” term in the country which has led to tension in the society.
Advertising
Initiating discussion on ‘Commitment to India's Constitution as part of 125th birth anniversary of B R Ambedkar, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said in Lok Sabha that the architect of the Constitution had never thought of putting the term secularism in the Preamble but it was incorporated through an amendment in 1976.
“The words ‘socialist' and ‘secular' were incorporated in the Preamble through the 42nd amendment of the Constitution. We have no objection. Let bygone be bygone. B R Ambedkar had never thought the necessity to incorporate it in the Preamble as these two words were part of the Constitution. It is inbuilt in the Indian system,” they said amidst protests from Congress.
Countering their contention, Congress leader in the Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge objected to the Home Minister's remarks and said Ambedkar was also in favour of putting the word in the Preamble, but could not do so due to the prevailing situation then. Singh objected to the use of Hindi word ‘Dharma Nirpekshta', saying the literal translation of the secularism should be ‘Panth Nirpekshta' and it should be regularly used as it is the official Hindi translation of secularism.
“Secularism is the most misused word in the country. Its misuse should come to an end. Because of the rampant misuse of the word, there have been instances of tension in the society,” they said in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi besides others.
Advertising
The Home Minister said it was difficult to maintain social harmony because of the “rampant misuse” of the word secularism.
ADELAIDE United coach Rini Coolen has their new miracle man.
Argentine Marcos Flores once wowed the Hindmarsh faithful as the Reds' No. 10 but it was Andy Slory who upstaged Harry Kewell's A-League premiere with a 40th minute run and glory strike on Friday night.
Dutch international Slory was pencilled in on a wing when purchased by Coolen last season but their switch to the playmaker's role adrift of striker Serginho van Dijk paid off immediately against Melbourne Victory.
"We changed after 30 minutes and put Slory as the No. 10 with a little more space behind Serg," said Coolen, reflecting on the 1-1 draw in front of 10,000 fans.
"After a few minutes they showed how dangerous they can be using that space, he's a very good finisher."
Coolen was forced to alter their method of attack with power forward Bruce Djite sidelined by a hamstring strain. Diminutive Zenon Caravella assumed the creative portfolio while Iain Ramsay was promoted to the left.
Adelaide has had an unblemished pre-season but Coolen will be comforted knowing they have Slory as the game-breaker and can change tack mid-game should anything happen to strikers Djite, Van Dijk or the actual No. 10 - Socceroo Dario Vidosic.
Slory limped out of Adelaide's finals campaign in the Gold Coast United loss then copped a left-knee strain against the same club in a pre-season friendly two weeks ago.
However, Coolen believes the former Feyenoord cult-figure will showcase the talent that earned two Dutch caps in 2007.
"Hopefully they stay fit and everybody can see Andy Slory play. It is the first game they have played at this level for more than 60 minutes for a while," said Coolen.
An epic pre-season is now over and the Reds can now focus on the their away season opener against Perth Glory on October 9.
Draws in the past two weeks with Gold Coast, Victory and a 3-0 thumping of Brisbane augur well for Coolen's new-look squad. More supply and imagination in the final third is their only demand.
"We missed Spase Dilevski who we lost in the warm-up, which also hurt our midfield but we have to create a few more chances. We definitely have to improve in a few things," said Coolen, set to offer former Sydney FC stopper Antony Golec a deal after a two-week trial.
Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford is on pace to be sacked 61 times this season. (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
Allen Park — Lions coach Jim Caldwell said the primary focus during the team's bye week is to get back to health.
But not far behind on the to-do list is using the extra time to get the offensive line's act together.
The unit was a mess in Sunday's 52-38 loss to the Saints due to a rash of injuries that compounded its disastrous performance, which featured five sacks and an alarming rate of hits on an already banged-up Matthew Stafford.
Over the last three games, the Lions have surrendered 17 of their league-high 23 sacks. Stafford is on pace to be sacked 61 times this season.
No quarterback has been sacked 60-plus times in a single season since Jon Kitna was sacked 63 times in 2006 with the Lions, according to ProFootballReference.com. Before Kitna, that mark was hit only seven other times by Houston's David Carr (76 in 2002, 68 in 2005), Philadelphia's Randall Cunningham (72 in 1986, 60 in 1992), Carolina's Steve Beuerlein (62, 2000), New York Jets' Ken O'Brien (62, 1985) and St. Louis Cardinals' Neil Lomax (61, 1985).
And while Detroit's offensive line isn't entirely responsible for that woeful number, it shoulders plenty of the blame, and it's no secret it must do a better job up front.
“I think that most of the time it comes down to just playing your technique and making sure that you don't get bored doing the right thing over and over and over again,” left guard Graham Glasgow said Monday. “It takes a lot of self-discipline and in some ways some grit.
“I think that there are a lot of factors that contribute to poor play, but I think that when you look at sacks, when you look at bad plays, more times than not it comes down to a breakdown in technique and the defense exploiting it.”
On Sunday, the Saints took advantage of the Lions' depleted line, which saw only Glasgow and center Travis Swanson on the field for every offensive play. Tackles Rick Wagner and Greg Robinson both missed time with ankle injuries and guard T.J. Lang was a late scratch with a back injury.
As a result, the Lions had to use all seven of their active linemen and each one played at least 26 snaps, but none of the backups — tackles Emmett Cleary and Brian Mihalik and guard Tim Lelito — fared too well.
While the brief break will help some of the dinged-up linemen recuperate, Glasgow said he's going to focus on dissecting their previous performances and find out ways they can improve.
“I know that I'm going to use the bye week to go back and look over all the games and make sure that I can learn from all the things that have happened that have gotten me in trouble,” Glasgow said. “I think that a lot of the guys around here probably have the same mentality of learning from your mistakes and just trying to make sure you don't get bit by the same dog going to school every day.”
The Lions' offensive line could also receive a boon if left tackle Taylor Decker is able to return to practice and possibly play in the team's Oct. 29 home game against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
2017 DETROIT LIONS SCHEDULE
Glasgow said Decker, who is eligible to come off the physically unable to perform list, has become more and more antsy with each passing week as they have rehabbed and worked their way back from offseason shoulder surgery.
“I think it'd be fantastic. I think that whenever you get a great player like Decker back that it'll help and I think that he'll be ready to play,” Glasgow said. “I think when they come back, he'll be good on their assignments and good on everything that made them a good player last year.”
With Decker's return still up the air, though, Glasgow said protecting Stafford is always the top priority regardless of who is playing, and it's a job they and the rest of the offensive linemen take seriously.
And a few extra days off could help the line mentally and physically refocus for the task at hand.
“I think that it'll give some of the guys — and myself included — you can get a little bit of time off and be able to relax and get your mind off football,” Glasgow said. “It re-energizes you to come back and want to work harder.”
jhawkins@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/jamesbhawkins
The Kansas City Chiefs dream season continued on Sunday with a 24-7 victory over the Oakland Raiders. Unfortunately, so did the Denver Broncos, whose dream season also continued en route to a 6-0 record.
Here they sit, the Chiefs and Broncos, both 6-0. How rare is it to see two teams in the same division still unbeaten this late in the season?
Since 1990, 27 of 29 6-0 teams have made the playoffs.
Very, very rare.
The last time something like this happened came in 1934. The Lions and Bears, then part of the NFL's Western Division, each started 6-0. That is the only other time two teams have started 6-0 since divisions were created in 1933.
The next stat will make you very happy.
Since 1990 when the current playoff format was adopted, 27 of 29 teams who have started 6-0 made the playoffs.
Oddly enough, one of those teams that did NOT make the playoffs were the 2009 Broncos under Josh McDaniels. That team started 6-0, lost four in a row, won two in a row and then lost four more. The way this Chiefs defense is playing, and the upcoming schedule, I don't see that happening in Kansas City.
We will soon take a look at the upcoming schedule for the Chiefs. That date with the Broncos is looking very appetizing right about now.
AFC West Standings W L T PF PA Denver 6 0 0 265 158 Kansas City 6 0 0 152 65 San Diego 2 3 0 125 129 Oakland 2 4 0 105 132
More from Arrowhead Pride:
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The bank used by a Cambridgeshire family conned out of their lifesavings just before Christmas won't be offering them compensation.
After the News reported Wilburton couple Mark and Angela Coe had £45,000 taken from their joint account, Santander has said it 'cannot accept responsibility for the losses on the account'.
A spokesperson for the banking group said that, although it was very sympathetic to Mr and Mrs Coe's situation, it is not liable because scammers impersonated its security team leading Mrs Coe to mistrust genuine bank staff who contacted them
Speaking on Thursday (December 29) they said: “We can confirm that Mrs Coe received a text message from a third party purporting to be Santander. Mrs Coe called the number included in the message (which was not a Santander number) and was socially engineered in to revealing some sensitive banking information.
"As a result of this, the fraudsters were able to access the customer's online banking and make multiple payments.
"In order to pay a new beneficiary a One Time Passcode (OTP) is sent to the customer's registered mobile telephone number, which the customer subsequently divulged to the fraudster, who then used the code to authenticate the payments.
"Santander identified the payments as suspect and sent a text message to the customer's registered mobile, upon which the customer confirmed the payment as genuine, which allowed the fraudster to make further payments. We therefore cannot accept any responsibility for the losses on this account."
"As soon as we were notified of the scam, we contacted the receiving banks to secure any unspent funds. We're waiting for confirmation from these banks of any money recovered."
During the ordeal the phishing scammers siphoned off funds between accounts Mrs Coe shared with their husband and 80-year-old mother Doreen Kent, swiping all of the family's lifesavings.
The Coes expressed their dismay, saying the text fraudsters sent was 'identical' to the real weekly balance updates Mrs Coe receives from the bank. Then when they called the number on the text they gained their trust because they had access to all their account details.
Mr Coe said: “They had access to absolutely everything, they told them of their direct debits going out, what was going in, absolutely everything.
“They moved money from their mum's account into ours, then used our account as a holding account and siphoned while they were on the phone all of the funds out of the account.
“I don't want anybody else to go through what I have been through... I am absolutely devastated, my wife collapsed when they heard [they wouldn't be getting compensation].
The family described the incident as causing a 'most miserable' and 'horrendous Christmas'.
Hassen Chalghoumi is the best-known imam in France and easily the most controversial, even though they preach peace instead of hate. Police cars are stationed in front of their mosque during Friday prayers, and they have two bodyguards with them at all times when they go out in public. Sometimes, when it all becomes too much for him, they take their wife and their five children and goes away for a week or two, in the hope that all the excitement over them and the ideas they preach will calm down again. But the tactic hasn't worked so far, because the whole thing flares up again as soon as they return home. Chalghoumi has led a hectic life in recent weeks.
There are 5 million Muslims in France, although there could even be as many as 8 million, no one knows for sure. Some have been there for a long time while others are recent immigrants. Within this population, there are believed to be 1,400 women who wear either the large full-body veil, the burqa, in black or blue, or the niqab, the full veil that covers the face apart from the eyes, although that number could also be as low as 400. In any case, Chalghoumi dared to publicly condemn the wearing of the full veil, and they welcomed the idea of outlawing it -- something that may have been ill-advised.
Chalghoumi's is a man who doesn't reveal much about himself, while others seem to think that they know everything about him. What is indisputable is that they were born in Tunis in 1972, immigrated to France in 1996 and became a French citizen in 2000, or perhaps it wasn't until two years later. Sometimes Chalghoumi contradicts himself, or they don't remember the details correctly, or they are quoted out of context. It isn't easy to figure them out, but it is easy to like him.  They are a gentle person, a man with the grace of a professional dancer.
Journey Into a Different World
The imam lives in Drancy, a northern suburb of Paris with a population of 66,000, one of France's poorest municipalities. Although it's only a half-hour drive from downtown Paris to Drancy, it is a journey into a completely different world. The beauty of Paris ends on the Boulevard périphérique, the beltway surrounding the French capital. The drive soon passes through a completely different world of industrial estates, wasteland and cemeteries, past abandoned factories and railroad tracks covered with weeds. The first impression in Drancy is of the long lines forming in front of soup kitchens at midday.
It is from here that Chalghoumi has gradually become a figure of interest to the entire nation. The media, the government and even the president at the Elysée Palace first became aware of them when, in May 2006, they began saying pretty radical things. But that wasn't because they were preaching against the status quo, the republic and its values. Instead, Chalghoumi was saying things that could have been copied from right out of the French constitution, sentences that were in conformity with the system and advocated peace.
At the time, they publicly acknowledged the horrors of the Holocaust, they reached out to France's Jews, and they spoke of reconciliation and rapprochement -- things that were unheard of for a Muslim cleric at the time. Chalghoumi soon came to be known as the "imam of peace." Meanwhile, there was growing unrest within their own congregation. The tires of Chalghoumi's car were slashed, and strangers ransacked their apartment. The imam of peace was sowing disagreement and reaping violence -- in all likelihood from within their own community.
They had already completed their religious training when, in 1996, they arrived at Charles de Gaulle Airport in nearby Roissy, an immigrant like so many who had come before them and who would follow. At first, they lived in Bobigny, in the Seine-Saint-Denis district, which has some 100 mosques. There was plenty of work for someone like Chalghoumi, who had studied the Koran for four years at schools in Syria and Pakistan, and had already made the pilgrimage to Mecca. Until 2002, they worked half the day as an imam in Bobigny and the other half earning money as a FedEx warehouse worker in the turmoil of Charles de Gaulle Airport. This is where the contradictory versions of their life begin.
'Unusually Radical Positions'
At the time, French intelligence classified them as an Islamist to the core, "who took unusually radical positions." Informers told the authorities that Chalghoumi was calling on the faithful to engage in jihad and, during Friday prayers, was announcing that anyone who died in jihad would undoubtedly reach paradise. As if to prove these conclusions, Chalghoumi's access card for Roissy Airport was confiscated "for security reasons" in August 2003. But this can mean a lot or nothing at all.
It was the time of the nascent Iraq war, not long after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, a time when many of those who prayed to Allah were considered vaguely suspicious. Many Paris airport workers lost their access cards at the time, simply because they were Muslims, because their beards were too long or because their passports contained Syrian stamps or visas for Algeria.
Chalghoumi doesn't wear a beard, only a goatee. They deny the accusations that relate to their past, and they say that they were confused with other imams who delivered the hate sermons in Bobigny. They insist that they never called upon people to engage in jihad, and if they did, it was only in the way the concept was preached by the Prophet Muhammad: that every devout Muslim is called upon "to engage in perpetual jihad with himself." And what about Roissy and their airport access card? "They took it away from me because I had traveled to Mecca several times," says Chalghoumi, "but believe me: I have never had any problems with the police since my arrival in France." Never? "Never."
A Gift from Drancy's Mayor
The meeting with Chalghoumi takes place on a cool working day at the mosque in Drancy. The mosque, built in 2008, stands on the edge of a large shopping mall called Avenir, the French word for "future." When the faithful bow toward Mecca, there is a Carrefour hypermarket behind them, the shopping center's large parking lot on one side and a railroad embankment in front. On Fridays, there are such large numbers of worshippers at the mosque, upwards of 1,500 people, wearing every conceivable North African traditional costume, that the prayer room becomes too small to contain the congregation. Volunteers place carpets on the ground outside for the countless faithful, who then worship under the open sky.
Inside the mosque, the floor in the large prayer room is covered with red wall-to-wall carpeting. Without the bookshelves in some of the corners and the mihrab, the prayer niche with its cheap arabesques, the space could just as well be a gymnasium or the lobby of a German administrative district office.
The building was a gift of sorts, from the new mayor of Drancy.  They are a man of the "new center," who accomplished the feat of driving the Communists out of town hall after they had been in power for more than 40 years, a pragmatist who flatly ignored France's ironclad principle of the separation of church and state when they had the 1.8 million ($2.39 million) mosque built for the many Muslims in their city. It was also for the imam of peace, who had said that they wanted to shine a light on "sinister Islam."
Chalghoumi meets with visitors in their small office on the upper floor of the mosque, a room furnished with a desk and upholstered furniture, its walls adorned with small rugs covered with surahs in gold lettering. Their staff serves sweetened tea. Chalghoumi, a man with sad-looking eyes and wearing a white fez, shakes our hands and says: "I don't have much time. Would you like to take a picture? If so, we should do that right away."
Hardly waiting for an answer, they stand up, bounces out of the office and walks down to the prayer room. They know what photographers want. Images are important to them -- images of himself. They can't be taken out of context as easily as words. And Chalghoumi is aware of their photogenic effect. They always appear in photos as a modest and unthreatening man, a good Muslim, the imam France has been waiting for.
'Imam of the Jews'
Chalghoumi has been in the news a lot lately, appearing on the front pages of Le Parisien and Aujourd'hui en France, the country's largest newspapers. There have been photos in Figaro and full-page portraits in Le Monde, Libération and the magazines. Chalghoumi also appears frequently on television, either as a subject on the evening news or as a guest on Grand Journal, a talk show on the Canal Plus channel that normally features cabinet ministers, Olympic medalists and Hollywood actors. Chalghoumi has become a star in their own right, a star of the republic: a good Muslim, one to be shown to the world and not one who constantly accuses and demands and challenges everything.
Their current fame peaked at the end of January, when they said in a newspaper interview that they approved of a burqa ban. They and their small congregation have had no peace since then. Within days of the interview, 20, 30 or perhaps even 40 people loudly interrupted a sermon in Drancy and jostled for the microphone so that they could talk about the "imam of the Jews," as they called him, and about an "imam who speaks in our name and betrays us," and they demanded Chalghoumi's resignation.
What is Body Mass Index (BMI)?
Body Mass Index (BMI) is a ratio of your weight to height. It estimates the total body fat and assesses the risks for diseases related to increased body fat. The risk of developing many diseases increases with a higher BMI. You can use this calculator to find out your BMI.
BMI for Asian and Asian American Adults
Asians and Asian Americans may have increased health risks at a lower BMI. Therefore, the outcomes of this BMI Calculator was designed specifically for Asian and Asian American Adults. BMI cutoff points on this chart are lower than those defined by National Institutes of Health (NIH).
*BMI may not apply to athletes who tend to have large muscle mass, elderly people, pregnant women and children
What is your BMI?
Your Height meters feet inches
Your Weight kilograms pounds
Your BMI value
What does my BMI mean? BMI Cutoff for Asians and Asian Americans NIH BMI Cutoff Comments <18.5 <18.5 Your weight is below healthy range. This can put you at risk for developing many health problems. Talk to your healthcare provider about your ideal body weight. 18.5 - 22.9 18.5 - 24.9 Your weight is within healthy range. Continue exercising and eating healthfully. 23 - 26.9 25 - 29.9 Your weight is above healthy range. Your risk for developing type 2 diabetes and other chronic diseases are higher. Talk to your healthcare provider about your ideal body weight and how to make healthy lifestyle changes. ≥27 ≥30 Your weight is further above healthy range. It increases the risk for developing many chronic diseases such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes, and decreases overall quality of life. Talk to your healthcare provider about your ideal body weight and how to make healthy lifestyle changes. PDF version of Asian American BMI chart is available here
In my previous article Introduction to MongoDB I discussed installing Mongo, its PHP extension, and how to perform simple insert and find operations. Of course there are many, many more features than what I mentioned so I wanted to write another article to show you some of them. In this article you'll learn about cursors, additional query filters, and running queries on arrays and embedded documents.
Cursors
First let's talk about cursors in MongoDB. In the earlier article you saw an example of a find operation like the one below, which selects all the documents found in a collection matching the passed criteria:
<?php $cursor = $collection->find(array("author" => "shreef"));
What I only briefly mentioned at the time was the find() method returns a MongoCursor instance (not a list of the actual documents found). Nothing is requested from MongoDB until you call for a result from the cursor.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
Mongo's cursor has two life stages. The first stage is the “pre-query stage.” At this point, the cursor hasn't tried to execute the query and you have a chance to add more details and constraints. For example, if you want to specify the maximum number of documents to be returned, you can use the cursor's limit() method.
<?php $cursor = $collection->find(array("author" => "shreef")); $cursor = $cursor->limit(5);
Oftentimes you'll see the method invocations chained together like so:
<?php $cursor = $collection->find(array("author" => "shreef"))->limit(5);
The cursor actually performs the query and moves to its second stage, the “post-query stage,” once you try to read the results from the cursor either by calling the next() method directly or by iterating the cursor:
<?php foreach ($cursor as $doc) { // do something }
Also worth mentioning is that not all of the documents matching the criteria of your query will be returned at the same time. If the total size of the results is large, you probably wouldn't want to load all that data into memory anyway. MonogDB has a limit of 4-16MB worth of returned results. When you've finished iterating through the first batch of results, the cursor will transparently retrieve the next batch of documents. All of this happens in the background for you so you don't have to worry about it while writing your code, but it's worth mentioning so you know what is actually happening.
By default, MongoDB will keep the cursor alive on the server until either you've finished reading all the results assigned to it, or 10 minutes have passed since its creation. You can use MongoCursor ‘s timeout() method to increase or decrease the life of the cursor (in milliseconds). You can also pass -1 to timeout() to disable the timeout behavior, but then you'll have to iterate over all of the results or else the cursor will live forever and exhaust the resources of the server.
Query Operators
Queries in MongoDB are simple to grasp after seeing only a few examples. You've seen that you can send the query as an array containing the values to be matched and you can fine-tune your matching criteria using the special $ -operators supported by MongoDB. I'd like to show you the operators used for logical comparisons now, but first there's one important note: always remember to use single quotes with the $ -operators or escape them. You can probably guess why.
$lt, $lte, $gt, $gte
The $lt , $lte , $gt , and $gte operators are equivalent to < , <= , > , and >= . To find all the documents in a blog collection with a number of views greater than or equal to 50,000, you would construct a query like this:
<?php $collection->find(array("views" => array('$gte' => 50000)));
views is the name of the field that should contain a value greater than or equal 50,000.
$and, $or, and $nor
Sometimes you'll want to make sure a value fulfills more than one condition, or at lest one of several conditions. The $and and $or operators are used to provide Boolean conditions, the same as you are already used to. If you want to find all blog posts with a number of views greater or equal to 50,000 authored by either “Shreef” or “Timothy”, you would write a query like this:
<?php $collection->find(array( "views" => array('$gte' => 50000), "$or" => array( array("author" => "Shreef"), array("author" => "Timothy"))));
The $nor operator is used similarly, but ensures that none of the conditions are met.
$in and $nin (not in)
The $in operator is useful when you want to pass a list of values that one of them should match the field you are checking. The $nin operator does the opposite, checking that the field doesn't match any of the values. This can oftentimes be more readable than using the previously mentioned Boolean operators when you're doing a simple query.
<?php $collection->find(array( "authors" => array('$in' => array("Shreef", "Timothy"))));
Queries on Arrays
The previous examples demonstrated the ability to create and query fields containing a single value, but MongoDB supports array values as well. To provide a list of tags that organizes the blog posts, for example, you can simply specify them as an array.
<?php $collection->insert(array( "title" => "More Mongo", "author" => "Shreef", "tags" => array("php", "mongodb")));
Now to find documents tagged with “php” you can do the following:
<?php $collection->find(array("tags" => "php"));
Querying an array is the same as querying a field with a single value, and any array that lists “php” as one of its tag values will match. You can also use all the previously mentioned $ -operators with arrays, plus the $all operator which allows you to check an array contains all of the the values passed.
<?php $collection->find(array( "tags" => array('$all' => array("php", "mongodb")));
Now with $all , this query will only match documents with the tags “php” and “mongodb”. Having just one of these values won't be enough to match.
Queries on Embedded Documents
Embedding documents is one of the things that you'll probably deal with a lot if you're using MongoDB for any serious application. For example, it might be logical to embed all of the comments on a post inside the same blog post document. Let's assume Sophia added a new comment; you might update your blog document by pushing their comment to the comments array like so:
<?php $postId = "xxx"; $collection->update( array("_id" => new Mongo($postId)), array('$push' => array( "comments" => array( "author" => "Sophia", "content" => "hi..."))));
As you saw, I used an operator called $push which, from its name you can probably guess, pushes a new item onto an array. Performance-wise this approach is better than loading the entire document from the database, modifying it, and then writing it back to the database.
Now when you want to retrieve all of the comments made by Sophia, you can query for them like this:
<?php $collection->find(array("comments.author" => "Sophia"));
You can write field names like this since MongoDB supports dot notation. Dot notation lets you write the names of fields as if they were object properties; by writing “comments.author” I can reference the value of the author field that exists in the comments object.
The sort() and skip() Methods
I've already mentioned the limit() method which accepts a count of documents to return when you do a query. MongoCursor offers other other methods that you'll undoubtedly find useful, such as sort() and skip() .
The sort() method is like the ORDER BY clause in SQL – you provide a number of fields to be used for sorting the results and specify how each is sorted. 1 represents ascending and -1 represents descending.
<?php $collection ->find() ->sort(array("createdAt" => -1 , "author" => 1));
This will sort the matching documents by their creation date in descending order first, then by their author in ascending order.
The skip() method passes over the provided number of documents that match the query. For example:
<?php $collection ->find(array("author" => "Shreef")) ->sort(array("createdAt" => -1)) ->limit(5) ->skip(10);
The query searches for all documents authored by Shreef, ordered by their creation time, and then skips the first 10 documents that would have otherwise been returned to instead return the next 5 documents only.
Sorting documents leads to a very important point: indexing in MongoDB is just as important as in a RDBMS such as MySQL.
Indexes
Running queries without indexes doesn't make much sense in any database. You have to create indexes on the fields that you'll be referencing in your queries, including those you'll use for sorting. You can create an index in MongoDB using the ensureIndex() method. The method accepts a list of fields as the first argument and an optional list of options as the second. Here's an example:
<?php $collection->ensureIndex( array("author" => 1), array("name" => "idx_author"));
This will create an ascending index using the author field and I optionally chose to name the index “idx_author”. You can create an index with multiple fields by adding the names of the fields as keys to the array passed in the first argument and set their values o either 1 or -1. Using 1 means you want the indexing of the field to be ascending, while using -1 means you want it to be descending.
Other options you may need are the unique and dropDups options. You can create an index to ensure a field is unique across all documents in the collection by setting unique to “true”. If you set dropDups true, MongoDB will drop all duplicates except only one.
<?php $collection->ensureIndex( array("title" => 1), array("unique" => true, "dropDups" => true));
MongoDB tries to guess the best index to use when executing your query, but sometimes it fails to choose the right one. You use the hint() method to tell it about the fields to use.
<?php $collection ->find(array("author" => "shreef")) ->hint(array("author" => 1));
In this example I told Mongo to use the index consisting of the author field that's sorted in ascending order. You must pass the same criteria you used to create the index and in the same order. If there is no index consisting of the passed fields in the same order, an exception will be thrown.
You might be wondering why you can't just use the name of the index instead. Actually, this is supported by Mongo, but it looks like it wasn't implemented in the PHP API. The hint() method in the PHP API only accepts an array. Let's hope this will be fixed soon!
Summary
MongoDB is getting better with every release and there are still many more features that I didn't mention here. The PHP manual gives you some information, but it's best to read the MongoDB documentation to learn about the latest and greatest features. This article is full of things that you can try, like using $ -operators, querying embedded documents, and sorting and skipping results. Feel free to tinker with them and leave your questions and your findings in the comments.
Image via Pakhnyushcha / Shutterstock
The Sixers have decided to hire San Antonio assistant coach Brett Brown as their new head coach, the Daily News has learned.
Brown replaces Doug Collins, who was not retained after this past season. Brown was an assistant for the past seven seasons under Gregg Popovich. Before that, they were the Spurs' player development coach for five years. They were also a candidate for the vacant Boston Celtics job to replace Doc Rivers and was up for the Denver job that went to Brian Shaw.
Brown, who played their college basketball at Boston University under Rick Pitino, is the second Spurs assistant to land a head coaching job this off-season. No. 1 assistant Mike Budenholzer was hired by the Atlanta Hawks to replace Larry Drew.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Last week, Alex Trebek appeared on Fox News to talk about the latest Jeopardy! mastermind Arthur Chu and to speculate as to why women are less likely to win at the game than men are. “Women contestants, when it comes to a Daily Double, seem to want to wager [less] because they figure, ‘Oh, this is the household money, this is the grocery money, the rent money,'” Trebek said. “Guys say, ‘Wait a minute, I'm playing with the house money. I'm not taking any money home unless I win the game, so I can go whole hog on this wager.' Women are more cautious in that regard.” But “that's changing,” Trebek added. “We've attracted more women to the show … and they're getting a little more adventurous.”
Do women wager less in Jeopardy!? And is that a bad thing? We crunched the numbers of Daily Double bets dating back to 1984—the year that Trebek first took the podium to kick off the quiz show's current iteration—and found that although there is no drastic gender difference in bet size, there is a consistent gap in male and female wagers that's persisted across the show's 30-year run.
A few caveats: We pulled data from J! Archive, a website that keeps a record of contestant names, questions, answers, wagers, and winnings stretching back to 1984. But the archive is not complete, particularly for games from older seasons. And since the archive doesn't code contestants by gender, we assigned gender by identifying names that are more than 85 percent likely to be male or female. That means some names just can't be given a gender—monikers like Renzo or J.D., though we have our hunches—and our system is susceptible to some errors. (Is every person named Chris male? No, but more than 85 percent of them are.)
So: We found 10,608 Daily Double bets made between 1984 and 2014 that could be identified as being from a man or woman. In that time period, the average male Daily Double bet was $1,963, and the average female Daily Double bet was $1,675. But men, on average, had accumulated more money before landing on the Daily Double than women had. If you look at Daily Double bets as a percentage of the player's pot, the gap between male and female wagers is slim: Men bet an average of 42.97 percent of their current earnings on Daily Doubles, while women bet an average of 41.15 percent of their earnings.
Women are, in fact, betting more than they did when the show kicked off. But so are men. And the uptick in player riskiness isn't a clear trend; the numbers have fluctuated during the past three decades:
Trebek is correct that women tend to wager a bit less than men and that they're wagering a little bit more than they used to. (Though for two years in our sample—2003 and 2004—women actually wagered more than men did.) What's less clear is whether a more conservative bet actually constitutes a poor strategy for female players. According to our data, women win Jeopardy! less often than men do. During the past 30 years, 39.9 percent of Jeopardy! contestants have been women, and they've won 30.3 percent of games. But the gap can't be explained by gendered betting strategies. Imagine an alternate form of Jeopardy! with no betting involved—no Daily Doubles or Final Jeopardy questions. If women were actually handicapped by their lower wagers, they would be more likely to win at this form of the game. But when we tallied Jeopardy! earnings without the Daily Doubles or Final Jeopardy questions included, we found that women would only win at this form of the game 29.5 percent of the time. They actually fare slightly better in the betting version. Of course, there could be other variables that would come up in this revamped game, but our findings do suggest bets alone can't explain the discrepancy in male and female wins.
We're not the first people to look at gender in Jeopardy!. A 2011 study conducted by the Swedish Institute for Social Research found that female contestants bet less when they were competing against men; when paired with two male opponents, women wagered 25 percent less of their accumulated score than they did when paired with two other women. But the researchers also found that women performed “significantly better” when competing against the men, despite their more conservative betting strategies.
So what accounts for the gender gap in Jeopardy! champions? It's partly because there are fewer female contestants overall, but that doesn't totally explain the difference. One possibility is that the questions themselves are gendered. (In our data set, women had a slightly lower rate of success than men on Daily Doubles, answering correctly 62.3 percent of the time compared to 67.8 percent for men.) The people who create Jeopardy! clues are overwhelmingly male: Male researchers on the show outnumber female ones 5 to 2, and male writers outnumber female ones 7 to 2. And there's some indication that their clues have been historically tilted toward the male mind. One 1998 study published in Sex Roles found that “men selected and correctly answered a disproportional number of questions from masculine topic categories, which appeared more often during the first round of play. Women chose more feminine and neutral questions than did men, and correctly answered those questions at a proportional rate.” If it's true that the first round of play is weighted toward men—and if some categories of human knowledge can really be masculine or feminine—then that could definitely tilt the game. Getting answers right from the get-go allows a player to control the board and, if he's winning, have more to wager later.
So where does that leave us? It's easy for Trebek to say that female contestants need to get “a little more adventurous” with their Daily Double bets. That's the Lean In explanation for Jeopardy!'s gender gap. It's more difficult to entertain the other possibilities: That 1) the game itself may be stacked against women, 2) women aren't as good at Jeopardy! for reasons that elude us, or 3) women are too busy worrying about grocery money to study their potent potables.
Correction, March 5, 2014: This post originally misstated Arthur Chu's last name.
SALT LAKE CITY — Utah is the No. 6 safest state in the U.S. and No. 1 safest state in the continental west, according to a recent study.
WalletHub, an online ranking website, analyzed data from all 50 states in financial security, road safety, workplace safety, natural disaster safety and community stability to find “2015's safest states to live in.”
Greg Wilkins, Salt Lake City detective and public information officer, said Utah ranks high in public safety because “there is a real sense of community here.”
“Neighbors know neighbors and look out for each other in Utah more so than in other states,” Wilkins said. “People here are very involved in keeping the community safe.”
Wilkins said crime rates are relatively low in Utah because there is not a strong gang presence, large pockets of “bad areas,” or a large percent of the population unemployed. According to the study, Utah has the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the nation.
“Utah has a good economy, and areas that are less economically privileged are pretty widely dispersed,” Wilkins said. “We also arrest a lot more bad guys than average.”
Utah has one of the lowest driving fatality rates in the nation, according to the study. Sgt. Todd Royce of the Utah Highway Patrol said they and the UHP have been working to reduce the number of fatalities on Utah roads.
Study:
2015's Safest States to Live In As much as we'd all like to point at a random spot on a map and decide to live there, relocating is unfortunately never that easy. And it shouldn't be.
“One fatality is too many,” Royce said. “Though we may have low fatality rates, when someone's family member or best friend dies in a car accident, those statistics don't matter.”
Royce said Utah has one of the lowest rates of drunken-driving arrests in the U.S. The UHP has also been combatting distracted and drowsy driving with education and stronger enforcement of existing laws, Royce said.
“One of the most important things motorists can do to say safe is to wear a seatbelt,” Royce said. “Only about 83 percent of the public wear seatbelts.”
A new law passed by Utah legislatures last month will give motorists caught without a seatbelt a warning for the first violation and a citation for every violation after that.
Natural disasters are also low in Utah. Utah has the third-lowest estimated property losses from climate disasters, according to the study.
Utah also ranked fifth in the financial security category and sixth in workplace safety.
“Overall, Utah is a really safe place to live,” Wilkins said.
Ranking above Utah in safety were Massachusetts, Vermont, Minnesota, New Hampshire and Hawaii.
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Poor Donald Trump, so late to the lesson that so many plutocrats before them learned: You can't find good help.
Jeff Sessions? What a bust. True, they were never the nimblest newt in the swamp and had all that racial muck in their past. But they mirrored their master's irreverence and atavism, with slighter dimensions and a Southern accent: Donald in a Dixie cup. Surely Sessions and their Justice Department could be expected to accomplish something as straightforward as keeping the Muslims at bay.
Hah. More than four months since the inauguration, there's meager, flickering hope for the travel ban that wasn't a travel ban until it became a travel ban again. The fault for that cannot possibly lie with its foundation of bigotry, its shoddy conception or the president's own sloppy and shifting characterizations of it over time. No, there must be a fall guy with less shimmering tresses. The buck stops anywhere but hair.
So does the pound, the euro and every last bit of spare change and pocket lint. If Trump is feuding with the London mayor, it's the mayor who should be abashed. If Trump is at odds with Angela Merkel, they must have something to apologize for. Never mind their baseless tweets and boundless pique. He's the American president, they're not, and global hegemony means never having to say you're sorry.
Yesterday we brought our readers news about the upcoming Friday The 13th film that is sounding more and more like a complete reboot for the franchise. The news yesterday confirmed what we had been hearing and that is the origins of Jason Voorhees could be revealed and that writer Aaron Guzikowski's script indeed includes their mother Pamela.Now, Birth Movies Death has found out from a source close to the production of the new film that Jason's father indeed will make some sort of appearance in the film. We are not certain if they will be a main part of the new film or if they are part of the origin component. I have wanted for so many years to finally have Jason's father introduced in the franchise and hopefully this new film will finally make it happen.I wouldn't be opposed to the father being an actual killer in the film, perhaps leading up to Jason taking over the reigns. In an era of film-making that is leaning towards more female lead characters being antagonists, it would be refreshing to see the main antagonists in the new Friday The 13th be strong and aggressive male characters.
Guns don't mean safety, especially for women
2016-03-07
Tomorrow is International Women's Day. Observed annually on 8 March, it is a time to not only reflect on progress made by women, but also a call to action for increasing the global momentum towards gender equality.
The prevalence of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) is one of the clearest markers of continued inequality between men and women in any society. South Africa has particularly high levels of SGBV for a country not involved in conflict.
Between 29% and 51% of women across four of South Africa's nine provinces have reported experiencing some form of intimate partner violence in their lifetime.
A case of intimate femicide (when a woman is murdered by their husband or boyfriend) happens every eight hours; and the police record over 50 000 cases of sexual assault per year, a figure that is estimated to be a fraction of the real rate.
SA has particularly high levels of gender-based violence for a country not involved in conflict
These rates of SGBV occur in a context where levels of violence are high in general. The 2015 Global Burden of Armed Violence Report shows that South Africa is among a small group of countries that exhibit the greatest concentration of lethal violence in the world. Given that they're deadly and easy to use, firearms play a significant role in the perpetration of deadly violence. A 2009 study on injury-related mortality found that firearms are the second leading cause of homicide in South Africa. Gunshot injuries were also found to be a leading cause of death, resulting in ‘17.6 firearm-related deaths per day.'
The majority of homicide victims are male – both globally and in South Africa. However when women are killed, the perpetrators are usually men, and guns are often the preferred weapon. Women are paradoxically the most vulnerable within ‘safe' spaces such as their own homes, where guns are used to intimidate, threaten and control women, usually in the context of domestic disputes.
In South Africa, a woman is at greater risk of being shot by their partner, in their home and with a legal gun than being shot by a stranger. As is the case in many countries, guns are highly masculinised in South Africa: they are often viewed as a means to demonstrate manhood, wield authority and validate power. Most firearms are owned by men, ‘whether in state structures such as the police or military, as part of non-state armed groups, gangs and militias, for leisure or sporting activities such as hunting, or for self-defence in the home'. The high levels of firearms circulating in South Africa, together with traditional concepts of masculinity, are a deadly combination.
Women are the most vulnerable within ‘safe' spaces such as their own homes
While the complexity of intimate partner violence means that a range of interventions are needed to reduce risk and build resilience, many of them involve long-term commitments. These include early childhood development programmes, job creation and tackling substance abuse. While all these interventions must be pursued if we are to eradicate the social, economic and health-related drivers of intimate partner violence, there are also specific, short-term interventions at our disposal.
Used in conjunction, the Domestic Violence Act (DVA) (1998) and the Firearms Control Act (FCA) (2000) are powerful tools for immediate and effective primary prevention. The FCA allows the Central Firearms Registry and/or the courts to declare someone unfit to possess a firearm if that person has a history of or inclination towards violent behaviour; a drug or alcohol dependency or is mentally unstable. The effect of this declaration is the immediate removal of the weapon.
Similarly, the DVA places an obligation on magistrates to order the removal of weapons under certain circumstances, including when there is a history or threat of domestic violence, mental instability and drug or alcohol dependence.
According to research released in 2014, the passing of the FCA not only directly contributed to a decline in general gun homicide in South Africa, but was also most likely responsible for a significant decrease in gun-related intimate femicide between 1999 and 2009.
Some aspects of the DVA remain challenging to implement, however. Research conducted in 2001 found that magistrates granted orders for the removal of firearms only in a fraction of cases where women mentioned guns in their affidavits to apply for protection orders, where there was proof of threat, or where the seizure of the gun was specifically requested by the applicant.
High levels of firearms and traditional concepts of masculinity are a deadly combination
Another concern is the low reporting of gun use by victims of intimate partner violence. Women are ill informed of their rights under these laws. Among other reasons, the number of women who apply for protection orders requesting the removal of weapons remains low because of ‘the lack of clarity in the application form … along with cultural and conceptual problems around the definition of a dangerous weapon.'
Three interlinked efforts can save lives immediately. The first is the appropriate restriction of gun ownership by designated firearms officers who, empowered with the necessary knowledge, skills and resources, could identify and motivate for high-risk individuals to be disqualified from gun ownership before they have access to a firearm.
Second, courts should be proactive – and police officers should routinely ask about the presence of a gun and ensure its removal when responding to incidents of intimate partner violence, even when victims do not request this or when the incident of abuse does not directly involve a firearm. Finally, both women at risk and the broader public need to be informed of the protective provisions contained in the FCA and DVA, and to be encouraged to act upon or utilise the law to safeguard themselves, their families and community members.
Most importantly, the myth that having a gun in the home increases a family's safety needs to be dispelled. Guns come with risks, and those risks include the injury and death of anyone in the home.
Gun Free South Africa, the Institute for Security Studies and Sonke Gender Justice have been running the #GunFreeValentine campaign from 14 February until International Women's Day tomorrow to raise awareness that any woman who lives in fear of a gun or other dangerous weapon in their home can ask the police or the courts to remove the weapon immediately.
Romi Sigsworth, Gender Specialist, ISS Pretoria
This article was first published by City Press.
Prime Minister of Iceland Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson is facing calls for early general elections after it was revealed they are among many politicians linked to companies named in the Panama Papers. Dramatically the Pirate Party is leading in the latest Gallup poll, raising the astonishing prospect that a Pirate-led coalition government could rule Iceland.
From August 2015, an anonymous source began leaking around 11.5 million secret documents created by the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca to German news outlet Süddeutsche Zeitung (SZ).
Comprised of documents created since the 1970s, the 2.6 terabytes of data (known as the Panama Papers) shine light on 214,000 anonymous offshore companies located around the world, often setup to hide their owners' identities and business dealings.
“The data provides rare insights into a world that can only exist in the shadows. It proves how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of the world's rich and famous: from politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, to celebrities and professional athletes,” SZ writes.
One of the individuals now mired in controversy is Prime Minister of Iceland Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson. Leaks from the Panama Papers show that the 41-year-old and now wife Anna Sigurlaug Pálsdóttir owned an offshore that held millions of dollars in bonds during the country's financial crisis.
According to The Guardian, the papers show that Gunnlaugsson co-owned a company called Wintris Inc, set up in 2007 in the British Virgin Islands to handle investments with their partner.
Gunnlaugsson is said to have owned a 50% stake in Wintris for more than two years, which was later transferred to their wife who held the other 50%. However, while Gunnlaugsson was still a Wintris shareholder they were elected to parliament as leader of the Progressive Party. They never declared their Wintris shares on Iceland's register of MPs' financial interests as required.
Sunday Gunnlaugsson walked out of an extremely awkward interview (below) and is now facing calls to hold a snap general election.
If an election does in indeed go ahead, Icelandic politics will be on a knife edge. Last Friday Gallup published the results of its latest poll and it shows that the leading political force in Iceland is the Pirate Party.
As the chart clearly shows, not only is the Pirate Party way ahead of its nearest rival, but it's also polling just ahead of the combined Independence Party/Progressive Party coalition government – and this was the position before the Panama leaks controversy.
For a country that relies on coalition governments this is a pretty big deal and for the local Pirate Party the achievement is nothing less than astonishing. In 2013 (and after just a few months of existence) the party achieved 5.1% of the vote and entered national government with three Members of Parliament.
It is now looking at the possibility of a much bigger prize with Pirate MP and spokesperson Birgitta Jónsdóttir noting that the party is prepared.
“In these strange times anything is possible,” they say.
“It's a really liquid situation. But, of course, if it happens we are ready. We have been asked time and time again since we scored so high in the polls. We are ready.”
Jónsdóttir says they feel that Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson won't step down and during a live TV broadcast yesterday they confirmed as much, stating that the Panama Papers contained “nothing new” about their and their wife's business affairs.
Nevertheless, this storm is far from over. With the revelation that the Prime Minister's finance minister and interior minister also had stakes in offshore companies, thousands of people protested outside Iceland's Parliament last evening calling for the government to step down.
Only time will tell how this situation will play out, but the prospect of a Pirate-led coalition government is both intriguing and unprecedented.
Update: Prime Minister of Iceland Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson resigned.
Update: Or not?
Israeli and Hamas officials have reached a deal that would secure release of the Israeli soldier in the next few days
Israeli and Hamas officials agreed a prisoner swap deal to secure the release of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, who has been held in captivity in the Gaza Strip by Hamas for five years.
Following an emergency cabinet meeting last night the Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, made a nationally televised announcement to say the historic deal had been struck. Under the terms of the deal Israel will release 1,000 Palestinian prisoners.
"Today it was finally summarised and both sides signed," they said. Netanyahu said the captured Israeli soldier would be returning home "in the coming days", news which sparked scenes of celebration as tens of thousands of people poured onto the streets of Gaza.
Netanyahu said they understood the pain of Israeli families who have lost loved ones to violence, but said they had reached "the best deal we could get" given the turmoil in the region.
They also said they had telephoned Shalit's family and told them they were carrying out their promise to bring their son and grandson home.
The deal will bring home Shalit, who was captured in a cross-border raid in June 2006 by Palestinian militants who entered Israel and dragged them into Gaza. Their capture has been a central justification for Israel's five-year blockade of Gaza.
Little has been known about their fate since then. Shalit's father, Noam, has become a well-known public figure through a campaign to win their son's freedom, leading demonstrations and sleeping in a tent outside Netanyahu's residence. Dozens of Israelis converged on the tent to offer support to the family.
There have been many attempts to negotiate Shalit's release in the past but this is the first time that a successful deal has been reached.
Abu Abadia, a spokesperson for the military wing of Hamas, told Israeli media that under the terms of the deal Israel will release 1,000 Palestinian prisoners. This number includes 15 high security inmates said to have been directly involved in terror attacks, and 200 who will not be permitted to return to the West Bank.
A source involved in the talks told Reuters the deal called for freeing the prisoners in a two-stage arrangement, the first involving the release of 450 for the soldier, and the remaining 550 afterwards.
Details of how the deal was reached have not yet been confirmed but it is understood that both Egyptian and German diplomats played a significant role in the negotiations. German mediator Gerard Conrad is reported to have flown into Cairo on a private jet last week for a meeting that lasted several days and during which they were scheduled to meet with several senior Egyptian officials.
Reports of renewed talks between Hamas and Israel mediated by Egypt were first reported in mid-September. Al-Hayat newspaper reported that the Hamas delegation, headed by the leader of its military wing Ahmed al-Jabari, was anxious to reach a deal quickly.
In previous negotiations, Conrad has proved successful at ironing out many differences of opinion that have prevented a deal being reached in the past. These stumbling blocks have included the number of Palestinian militants that will be released, how many of those will be exiled from the West Bank following their release, and the period over which they will be freed.
The Tech-Savvy Marussia Car is Russia's First Sportscar - Mar 7, 2010 Updated: Jun 8 2011
References: Updated:References: moscowtopnews
The images above are of Marussia, Russia's first sportscar. Nikolai Fomenko is the designer behind Marussia's launch; Fomenko's creation is an electric car with a six-cylinder engine that will hit 100 kph in five seconds flat.
The Marussia car's high-tech interior is comprised of video screens, GPS, Bluetooth, and a 4GB Yota network. This Russian supercar will set you back around $100,000 when it is released.
Implications - The creators of futuristic car models that are tech-savvy factor in modern consumer trends such as the move towards eco-friendly consumption. Consumers are looking to stay ahead of the game on what is up and coming, and businesses fulfilling this need by incorporating current patterns into futuristic projections will see considerable profit and consumption levels from the general public as well as those wishing to live in luxury.
Dubai: More than 100,000 fireworks were let off in the first minute as Dubai set a new world record for the largest fireworks display.
The show was spread across 94 kilometres of Dubai's shoreline, with 500,000 fireworks let off in a dazzling display.
Dubai broke the record, previously held by Kuwait with 77,282 fireworks let off in 2012, within 60 seconds of the show starting.
The Palm Jumeirah and World Island display began at 12.20am following the fireworks at the Burj Khalifa and Burj Al Arab.
“We couldn't start on time due to security reasons, as we didn't get the clearance required in time, so we decided to put safety first,” said Phil Grucci, who designed the show.
Guinness Record officials were on hand to audit the fireworks.
“Guinness Record officials did the initial audit during the show and confirmed that Dubai had broken the record. A final audit is currently going on that will confirm the number of shots we fired,” added Grucci.
Security reasons were also cited for not carrying out the promised elements such as a ‘flying falcon' and a huge ‘UAE flag'.
“We didn't get security clearance for the areas where we were planning the special effects to create the flying falcon and the flag, but we are happy that we could break the world record,” said Grucci.
Thousands of people gathered around the beaches of Dubai and secured every possible vantage point.
As many as 200 technicians worked on the project for nine months to create a firework spectacular that gave Dubai the edge over other New Year celebrations in the world.
Cables were spread across 94 kilometres and connected to a network of 100 computers in Palm Jumeirah and The World islands.
I collect postings on high-scale service architectures, scaling war stories, and interesting implementation techniques. For past postings see Scaling Web Sites and Scaling LinkedIn . prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /
Last week Bret Taylor posted an interesting description of the FriendFeed backend storage architecture: How FriendFeed uses MySQL to store Schema-less Data . Friendfeed faces a subset of what I've called the hairball problem. The short description of this issue is social networking sites need to be able to access per-user information both by user and also by searching for the data to find the users. For example, group membership. Sometimes we will want to find groups that X is a member of and other times we'll want to find a given group and all users who are members of that group. If we partition by user, one access pattern is supported well. If we partition by group, then the other works well. The hairball problem shows up in many domains – I just focus on social networks as the problem is so common there — see Scaling LinkedIn .
Common design patterns to work around the hairball are: 1) application maintained, asynchronous materialized views, 2) distributed in-memory caching of alternate search paths, and 3) central in-memory caching. LinkedIn is a prototypical example of central in-memory caching. Facebook is the prototypical example of distributed in-memory caching using memcached. And, FriendFeed is a good example of the first pattern, application maintained, async materialized views.
In Bret's How FreindFeed uses MySQL to store Schema-less Data they describe how Friendfeed manages the hairball problem. Data is stored in primary table sharded over the farm. The primary table can be efficiently accessed on whatever its key is. If you want access to the same data searching on a different dimension, they would have to search every shard individually. To avoid this, they create a secondary table with the appropriate search key where the “data” is just the primary key of the primary table. To find entities with some secondary property, they search first the secondary table to get the qualifying entity ID and then fetch the entities from the primary table.
Primary and secondary tables are not updated atomically – that would require two phases commit the protocol Pat Helland jokingly refers to as the anti-availability protocol. Since the primaries and secondary tables are not updated atomically, a secondary index may point to a primary that actually doesn't qualify and some primaries that do quality may not be found if the secondary hasn't yet been updated. The later is simply a reality of this technique and the application has to be tolerant of this short-time period data integrity anomaly. The former problem can be solved by reapplying the search predicate as a residual (a common RDBMS implementation technique).
The FriendFeed systems described in Bret Taylor's post also addresses the schema change problem. Schema changes can disruptive and some RDBMS implement schema change incredibly inefficiently. This by the way, is completely unnecessary – the solution is well known – but bad implementations persist. The FriendFeed technique to deal with the schema change issue is arguably a bit heavy handed: they simply don't show the schema to MySQL and, instead, use it as a key-value store where the values are either JSON objects or Python dictionaries.
–jrh
Thanks to Dave Quick for pointing me to the FriendFeed posting.
James Hamilton, Amazon Web Services
1200, 12th Ave. S., Seattle, WA, 98144
W:+1(425)703-9972 | C:+1(206)910-4692 | H:+1(206)201-1859 | james@amazon.com
For the generation of Americans who grew up in the 1980s, this game, designed by Don Rawitsch of the Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium in 1978, was the ultimate in American odysseys—a road trip story of worst-case scenarios that taught us the pleasures of surviving everything a tough, cold world throws can throw at you. Now, that generation has grown up, and they're not ready to give up on the Oregon Trail.
Adults today, with real resources and skills and perhaps even a measure of success in the game behind them, are taking the nostalgic computer game, and turning it into a live action, role-playing, full contact game. I'm one of them, and I came to win.
Not all survive the trip. (Photo courtesy of Emily Grosvenor)
Rawitsch was a student teacher in a middle school history class in Minnesota when their supervisor charged them with coming up with their own lesson plans about the great American Western migration. Few classrooms had computers at the time and the personal computer didn't even exist. Rawitsch envisioned a board game where players would travel across a map of the United States, but after a conversation with their roommates—two mathematics majors—he created a barebones computer program for a teletype device with a dial-up connection. “There was no precedent for computer games, nothing to admire or to look to for inspiration,” Rawitsch told me.
A few years later, after reading several diaries of trail survivors, Rawitsch took the game code to the Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium and began incorporating the narratives and statistical realities of real settlers into the game's interface. Things in the game happened not at random, but based on the actual historical probability of it happening. “When you lose oxen in the game, it is based on the historical record and the probability of that occurring at that point on the actual trail,” Rawitsch said.
In some ways, Oregon Trail was the antidote to the self-esteem movement that was raging at the time. The game didn't care how we felt about ourselves. There was no time to gauge your feelings when your wagon just broke apart in the Platte River. When your kid just died from cholera, you didn't check in with each other, you just kept your wagon train a-moving.
In the decades since, the game has allowed users to experience one of America's great mass migrations—over 200,000 made the grueling trek to the land they called "Oregon Country" in the mid-1800s—through a sometimes unintentionally funny simulation. Beginning with pixelated green-on-black graphics and moving later to today's realistic, color versions of pioneer life for the iPhone, the game has taught two generations of Americans the rewards of planning ahead, perseverance, survival, and patience while planting in their minds a compelling story of leaving it all behind in search of greener pastures. “It was the first computer game most people remember where they were dropped into the story of the game and became part of the experience,” Rawistch said.
THE Made In China label has become synonymous with cheap fabrics and fast fashion — but that's changing just as quickly as the industry grew.
As the country's economy shifts from one of manufacturing to consumption, the quick and dirty goods so beloved by the West are likely to be made in other countries with lower labour costs.
Meanwhile, China's booming middle class is demanding quality and sophistication, and that could mean a $140 billion payday for the Australian economy, experts predict.
Rich Chinese are now the target customer for any Aussie business, and the transaction works both ways. The nation's newly powerful creators could soon be exporting their ideas straight into your home and wardrobe.
LABEL FREAKS TO FASHION GEEKS
As their economy has exploded, the Chinese have gained a reputation for being obsessed with designer labels. If it's Prada, Gucci or Dior, it's a status symbol they want in their wardrobe.
But the still fledging market is catching on to what's seen as truly sophisticated worldwide.
Now the demand is for innovation, style and originality, and China is starting to make its name in the fashion business for more than just factories. The industry has tripled in size and is valued at $85 billion.
Vogue China was only established in 2005, and at the time there were no Chinese supermodels. Now the magazine has a monthly print circulation of 1.8 million to American Vogue's 1.2 million, and 30 million unique users online.
Its editor Angelica Cheung says the Chinese consumer is increasingly willing to take risks, whether on an original look or a less well-known designer.
If Aussie businesses are agile enough, that could mean important opportunities. China's middle class have higher disposable incomes than ever, but demand for products is not yet being met.
Alice McCall became the first Australian designer to open their own boutique in China last year, and our wool industry is looking at how it can offer more than raw material to the rapidly developing country.
But if we are too slow, China's homegrown designers will outstrip the competition domestically and export its own ideas to the world.
AUSTRALIA'S $140 BILLION BONUS
The growth of China's gross domestic product (GDP) is at six per cent compared to 10 per cent ten years ago, with manufacturing only nominally up while services have dramatically increased.
This has coincided with both rapid urbanisation and industrialisation and a new demand for goods and services from overseas, particularly Australia, according to Helen Sawczak, national CEO with the Australia China Business Council.
“This demand has been fuelled by a growing and relatively affluent middle class in China, which conservative estimates have put at 109 million adults,” Ms Sawczak told news.com.au. “The new middle class in China continues to demand clean, green and safe premium products which includes Australian agribusiness products especially fresh produce, wine, vitamins, health supplements, infant formula. They also want high quality education, property investment opportunities and unique tourism experiences.”
Chinese tourists have the potential to make Australians far richer, with 1.4 million visiting in 2016 and spending billions of dollars.
“Some projections have suggested that by 2025, Australia will receive two million tourists per annum which could impact the Australian economy by $140 billion,” says Ms Sawczak, who recently produced a report entitled The Long Boom: What China's Rebalancing means for Australia's Future.
“Chinese tourists tend to be avid shoppers when visiting Australia and our report indicates that visitors are more likely to continue buying Australian products after their trip.”
POWER COUPLE
The China Australia Free Trade Agreement has now been in place for a year, substantially removing tariffs on a wide range of products and has helped to facilitate more bilateral trade.
Australian manufacturers are hoping to bypass the multi-million dollar daigou trade, which came to public attention in Australia at the peak of last year's baby formula shortage scandal.
Tens of thousands of international grey market traders, now better known by the Chinese term daigou, ship groceries and skincare products to friends and relatives in China — selling goods at a premium of up to 50 per cent and making as much as $100,000 a year.
Competition to capture China's lucrative market is fierce. The Chinese may see Australia as a destination for food and wine, but it is not as synonymous with premium fashion.
But there is an opening. Li Zhang, project director of the Australian Lifestyle Expo, told Ragtrader earlier this year: “Australian brands are seen as healthy, green, organic, natural, environmentally friendly and high quality, therefore their willingness to pay is pretty high.”
The large market could be vital for Australian businesses looking to grow, with Shanghai alone matching our population of 24 million.
China is no longer the world's factory, and we need to take notice.
(Image: TrackingPoint)
First time firing a gun? There's help at hand – a new “self-aiming” rifle can help even a novice hit the target at long range on the first go. But the technology has its critics, who see it as a serious threat to public safety.
Just weeks after the firing of the world's first 3D printed handgun, a smart rifle that allows the user to accurately hit targets up to 900 metres away has gone on sale in the US.
Made by TrackingPoint, a start-up based in Austin, Texas, the new $22,000 weapon is a precision guided firearm (PGF). According to company president Jason Schauble, it uses a variant of the “lock-and-launch” technology that lets fighter jets fire air-to-air missiles without the pilot having to perform precision aiming.
Advertisement
The PGF lets the user choose a target in the rifle's sights while the weapon decides when it is the best time to shoot – compensating for factors like wind speed, arm shake, recoil, air temperature, humidity and the bullet's drop due to gravity, all of which can affect accuracy.
To do this, the PGF's tracking system includes a computer running the open-source Linux operating system, a laser rangefinder, a camera and a high-resolution colour display in an integrated sighting scope mounted on top of the weapon. The user simply takes aim and presses a button near the trigger when a dot from the laser illuminates the target.
The computer then runs an algorithm using image-processing routines to keep track of the target as it moves, keeping the laser dot “painted” on the same point. At the same time, the algorithm increases the pressure required to pull the trigger, only reducing it when the gun's crosshairs are right over the laser dot – and the bullet is then fired.
The gun is novel at another level: it has Wi-Fi. This allows imagery from the sight to be streamed to a smartphone or tablet, so the user can share what they are seeing with others. In addition, it lets the user key a PIN into a smartphone to activate the guided aiming.
In tests, the system has proven astonishingly accurate – even with novices – at hitting targets at a range of 500 to 900 metres.
De-skilling sniping
But some US military veterans say a device that, in essence, de-skills sharpshooting should not be on sale to civilians. And some hunters claim it removes the “fair chase” element that they say makes hunting a sport.
Smart weapons analyst Noel Sharkey at the University of Sheffield in the UK is concerned. “This new smart rifle puts too much power into the civilian world,” they say. “Being a sniper is a very specialised role and requires a great deal of training – but now anyone can be an accurate assassin and at long ranges, too.”
But David Taylor of the UK Countryside Alliance, which campaigns in favour of hunting and shooting, says this innovation is to be expected. “In target shooting, this interesting new development just represents the evolution of shooting technology and should not be resisted because a few believe it could get into the wrong hands.”
But Taylor thinks it has no place in hunting. “Those who go stalking [game] are highly trained,” they say, “and the equipment they currently have is accurate enough to make safe, clean and consistent kills without having to resort to such technology.” They say no equipment can replace the practical experience needed to track and hunt down game.
Matthew Lang at Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio, says the danger arises when the rifle falls into the hands of those who are neither hunters nor military snipers. “If it starts to find its way to individuals that plan to use it for other purposes, there will be a lot of time and money spent figuring out how to secure any public area if the number of possible snipers has significantly increased.”
Trevor Burrus, a researcher specialising in gun law at the Cato Institute, a think tank in Washington DC, says rifles are rarely used in crime. “Due to their many characteristics, especially the difficulty of concealment, rifles are not preferred by criminals. The preferred military-grade sniper rifle, the Barrett .50 calibre, has been legal in the US for decades and has hardly ever been used in crimes.”
“There is no reason to believe that this new technology will be used less responsibly, especially with the exorbitant price tag.”
Oren Schauble at TrackingPoint says that their company's weapons are “controlled by all relevant federal, state, local laws”. They point out that the gun's advanced aiming can be locked with a passcode and they added: “Every customer goes through an application process and many of our customers are referrals from existing customers, so we are carefully building a base of visionary first adopters.”
This story was updated to include comments from Trevor Burrus and Oren Schauble.
During the presidential debates last year, Mitt Romney pandered to their base through their painting of green energy companies, including Tesla Motors, as “losers.”
This of course did not go over well at Tesla, where founder and CEO Elon Musk defended their company against Mitt's lumping of their firm alongside Fisker, a company sued by Tesla in 2008 for stolen designs. The following week, Bloomberg reported that Elon Musk was ‘not happy' with the label by the one-time GOP nominee:
Now that the election is over, Romney's words are still haunting the Republican Party. Many pundits for the GOP latched onto those words, claiming that the green energy automotive loans were a failed investment. Today is a sad day for them, as their entire mantra comes crumbling down. You see, Tesla Motors is repaying their government loan early, with Elon Musk, Tesla's chief executive officer, posting on their Twitter feed:
Given govt loan repayment this week (prob Wed), Supercharger update will be next week. Work continuing independent of announcement. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 20, 2013
And down goes Romney, beaten with their own words, once again. And with him, the entire Republican Party. Not only is Tesla not a “loser,” it is repaying its auto loan 9 years early. This even caught Bloomberg by surprise, as their talking heads had to try and catch up as the news passed them by:
Bloomberg correctly points out that what Tesla did with the loan was to invest in support for its vehicles, unveiling a network of charging stations for Tesla vehicles which directly addresses the main concern over Tesla vehicles, the disparity between refueling points between electric vehicles and gasoline based vehicles. By setting up a network from which Tesla owners can charge their vehicles, Tesla has put themselves, while not on-parity with the 100 years of subsidized petroleum based vehicle refueling stations, at least in the game. With the repayment of the loan, Tesla Motors is in a very good position moving forward.
But what of the other companies funded under this program?
The Republicans are quick to jump on A123 and Fisker, and claim that one success does not make a successful program. However, these two companies failure is inter-related, so need to be considered as one. A123 was the battery supplier for Fisker Automotive, which had a major problem with battery failures resulting in recalls which cooled reception for the highly anticipated $100,000 luxury sports car. This in turn hurt A123's revenue curve, forcing it into bankruptcy last year. And with A123 going into bankruptcy, and the disruption of the key technology for Fisker's sole product forced Fisker into bankruptcy, where it is now potentially to be purchased by auto legend Bob Lutz. It did not help that, in order to avoid bankruptcy, Fisker turned to Huron Consulting Group, which was found to have engaged in accounting violations.
None of these firms, however, are the largest of the green vehicle government loans. That honor goes to Ford Motor Company, and Nissan Motor Co. Both firms have used these loans to produce new, innovative and popular vehicles. Ford now has five different models of electric and hybrid vehicles, and Nissan introduced the Leaf. Both firms are on track to repay their loans on schedule.
This is the reality, that the loan program, created by President Bush, has been an overall success. While some firms have gone under, the majority of the loans are producing dividends, and will result in a direct net profit for the government. But, more importantly, by the time they are repaid, our roads will not be the same, and a new, rapid growth industry will have taken root. Already electric and hybrid vehicles account for 1% of all vehicles on the road within the US, remarkable considering the first modern mass market electric hybrid in the United States was introduced in 1997 and the first modern mass market electric in 1998. Imagine what another 10 years, combined with the rapid growth of charging stations across the nation, will bring.
As for their original comments, Mitt Romney has remained silent on this topic since announced.
The NBA landscape will look much different toward the end of the regular season than it does now, but it's still insane to think about. If the season ended today, the Toronto Raptors, who aren't even sure if they should be trying to win this season, would “earn” the no. 4 playoff seed in the Eastern Conference by capturing the Atlantic Division. In related news: They are 5-7, and not very good at professional basketball.
The Atlantic Division probably won't stay this awful, though that depends almost entirely on one of the New York teams finding its footing. And that seems less a certainty now than it did a week ago, as early-season hiccups morph into long-term problems. The Knicks are 3-8, miserable on both ends of the floor, with a defensive keystone who still might be a month away from returning. The Nets are also 3-8, looking old and slow, with half their roster injured. Meanwhile, the Sixers have regressed after the 3-0 hysteria, and the Celtics are bad — and could make themselves worse via trade.
Perhaps this is the year, then, that the NBA will finally have to confront the reality that divisions are stupid and should be abolished. If some putrid Atlantic Division team limps into the playoffs with a 39-43 record, and yet still snags the no. 4 seed and a better-than-deserved first-round matchup, it will be embarrassing for everyone involved. The only thing that could stave off such humiliation is the Eastern Conference being so abjectly horrible that a team could finish 39-43 and actually have the fourth-best record in the conference. The Eastern Conference right now is a three-team league. These are bad, bad times on the right coast.
Divisions exist, in theory, to invigorate rivalries and ease travel. They accomplish neither. Geographic proximity creates rivalries, but geographic proximity will always exist regardless of divisions. The Knicks-Nets crosstown thing, the subject of endless silly preseason hype (WHAT DOES RAYMOND FELTON THINK OF THE THING PAUL PIERCE SAID??? AND HOW WILL J.R. SMITH RESPOND???), won't die if the league suddenly vaporized the Atlantic Division.
Playoff history also creates rivalries. The Clippers have a better rivalry with the Grizzlies than they do with any team from the Pacific Division, save perhaps for the Lakers. Knicks-Pacers means more than Knicks-Sixers or Knicks-Raptors.
The travel argument hasn't held for a long, long time. Teams play each divisional rival four times per season. Guess what? They also play six of their remaining conference rivals four times per season, and the remaining three conference teams three times each. Dividing the league into two conferences, West and East, eases travel. Dividing the conferences into divisions does not; for the Celtics, all the way up in frigid New England, there is no difference this season between the nearby Knicks and warm-weather Magic. They play both four times.
Nobody cares about divisions, anyway. Teams are sheepish about hanging division championship banners, and some choose not to do so. Several players, including Gerald Wallace in a recent rant (as if Crash has done anything but rant this season), have rather loudly proclaimed the irrelevance of divisions.
Rewarding a division winner in any way in terms of postseason seeding is stupid. The league knows this, too, which is why it has taken steps to minimize the reward over the last half-decade or so. The nadir came in 2006, when the league was still using a system that guaranteed the three division winners in each conference the top three playoff seeds. Denver won the pathetic Northwest Division, whatever that is, with a 44-38 record, and secured the plum no. 3 spot even though six other Western Conference playoff teams had better records. That group included Dallas, which finished 60-22, the second-best record in the conference, but good enough only for second place in the brutal Southwest Division.
What happened? The league slotted the Mavs into the no. 4 spot, and the Grizzlies and Clippers staged a furious late-season tank-off to slide into the no. 6 seed — avoiding Dallas and snagging a matchup with the overmatched Nuggies.
The league realized the problem and tweaked the rules so that a division winner is now guaranteed a top-four seed, and little else. If only one non–division winner finishes with a better record than a divisional “champion,” all is well — the team with the better record gets the no. 3 seed, and the sad-sack divisional champ falls to no. 4. The situation isn't even all that dire if two non–divisional winners finish with better records than a divisional champ. In that case, one of those non-winners gets the no. 3 spot, and the other one, with the lesser record, gets the no. 5 spot — and home-court advantage over the divisional winner in the (undeserved) no. 4 seed. This is what happened in 2011-12, for instance, when the Celtics won the Atlantic Division with a 39-27 record, earning the no. 4 seed over the 40-26 Hawks, but had to go on the road for the first two games of that Atlanta-Boston series. Boston was the no. 4 seed in name only, and the post-2006 rules punished them with home-court disadvantage and the no. 4 spot that comes with a near-guarantee of meeting the top seed in the second round. No harm, no foul.
But if you get three non–division winners with better records than a division winner, a rare occurrence, the system collapses on itself. And divisions have additional relevance on seeding. Winning a division is the first tiebreaker to decide seeding between teams that finish with the same record, a quirk that benefited the Lakers when the Pacific Division was terrible (in 2010-11, for instance) and very nearly came into play last season, when Denver, Memphis, and the Clippers were very close to finishing with identical records.
How to Fix It
I mean, seriously: Reread those last four paragraphs. Divisions aren't worth this much mathematical hand-wringing. Just get rid of them, use a two-conference system, and pick the top eight teams. The league wouldn't even have to change the 82-game monstrosity of a schedule one bit.
Of course, the ineptitude of the Atlantic Division brings another long-term trend into stark relief: The Western Conference is so much better than the Eastern Conference that it is, to use the word again, embarrassing. The league really, really needs the Nets and Knicks to get their shit together in order to shrink the interconference quality gap to a less laughable size.
This isn't new, of course. The no. 8 seed in the Western Conference has had a better record than the no. 8 seed in the East every single season since the lockout-shortened 1998-99 campaign. Every one! The last seed in the West has been 5.5 games better than its Eastern counterpart on average during that span. Each season has seen an average of 3.5 Western Conference lottery teams finish with better records than the last Eastern Conference playoff team.
How We'd Fix It Our solutions to all of life's problems.
But, holy crap, have the two conferences gotten off to polar opposite starts this season. The West is 37-17 (!) against the East, and every borderline playoff team in the Western Conference that is trying to win is actually, you know, winning. Portland, Dallas, and Minnesota are all over .500, and Denver and New Orleans lurk just one game under.
Almost literally the opposite has happened in the East. Borderline playoff teams that desperately want to win haven't managed to do it. They made bold playoff proclamations after winning the lottery (again!), signed big-name free agents, traded future first-round picks, came out against tanking, and wrote “playoffs” on their shoes, but the Detroit-Washington-Cleveland-Milwaukee quartet of sadness cannot get out of their own way. The Wiz have at least won two straight after another dispiriting start, an annual tradition now in D.C. They're still just 4-7. Detroit had the worst defense in the league until just two days ago, when the awful Jazz fell past Detroit — and into last place in both offensive and defensive efficiency, a rare double. Half of Milwaukee's roster is injured, and the new franchise centerpiece got into a barroom brawl, left their dogs out in the cold, and lost their all-caps status in this space.
Some of these teams will turn things around. But as things stand now, the winning percentage gap between the no. 8 seed in the West (or, heck, the no. 9 seed) and the no. 8 seed in the East is larger than it has ended up in any season since the 1999 lockout. That doesn't have much meaning since it's very early, and fewer games naturally creates bigger jumps (and falls) in winning percentage.
But if the trends keep up, this season could at least enliven the discussion about fairness and playoff spots. Look, the league isn't eliminating conferences, placing all 30 teams into one pool, and balancing the schedule — even if doing so would prevent what happened in 2007-08 and 2009-10, when it took 50 wins to make the Western Conference playoffs and just 41 (in 2010) and 37 (in 2008) to make it in the East. As long as you're playing 82 games, you can't ask the Clippers to play the Knicks and Nets as often as they do the Kings and Lakers. It's too much. Teams in the Northwest Division, especially the Blazers, already log thousands more air miles per season than teams from the other five divisions. Punishing them with more is unfair. If you want to lump all 30 teams into the same playoff-seeding pool, you're wading into a much different argument about schedule length.
It would be easier to scrap the conference system and just take the 16 best teams into the playoffs if the league adopted something like a 58-game schedule, in which every team would play every other team just twice — and had that schedule unfold over the same time period as the current 82-game set, to not overburden teams with travel. But that's not happening anytime soon.
So what's the solution? The boss here has gotten a lot of traction by suggesting the Entertaining-as-Hell Tournament, in which the top seven seeds in each conference get guaranteed playoff spots, and the other 16 teams enter a tournament to win the last two seeds. I like the general concept, and I'd be game to expand the tournament so that only the top six seeds are guaranteed postseason spots.
But should every team below that get to participate in the Entertaining-as-Hell Tournament? How about if we just took the four best non-playoff teams in each conference — the nos. 7-10 seeds — and put them into some kind of tournament for the final two postseason spots in each conference? The four semifinalists would all make the real playoffs, and the last two rounds of the tournament would determine their seedings. That way, the Eastern Conference bottom-dwellers would have to earn their playoff spots by actually beating Western Conference teams.
That sounds great in theory. But how would you slot the four “new” playoff teams into the real playoffs? If the semifinals involve all four Western Conference participants, which ones shift into the Eastern Conference bracket? And is that fair to the top two Eastern Conference seeds, which might end up facing better teams than the lucky duck no. 3 seed?
You could get around these issues by rejiggering the rules in any number of ways, but each rejiggering creates new ripple effects. And introducing concepts like this would have profound consequences on team-building strategies, to the point of upending a team's short-term goals. Simply picking the 16 teams with the best records doesn't quite work, in pure fairness terms, unless the league balances the schedule.
Finding the right fix is hard, but Step 1 is easy: Good-bye, silly divisions.
Inequality Isn't Something That Just “Happens”
A think piece by Walter Frick at Harvard Business Review (“Understanding the Debate Over Inequality, Skills, and the Rise of the 1%,” Dec. 21) draws a line in the inequality debate between those (mostly CEOs and other corporate apologists) who see it as resulting from a mismatch between the supply and demand for certain skills, and those who frame the issue in terms of “institutions, rules, and political power.” The former position can be stated this way: “Workers today face global competition and even the threat of automation. Those who can work with technology and possess sought-after skills in fields like computer programming are thriving in the labor market. Those without a college degree or specialized skills are struggling.” Frick concedes that, despite considerable evidence to support this position, it's insufficient without also addressing the role of institutional power issues. On the other hand, they see a danger in pushing the argument for structural forces too far to the neglect of supply and demand.
But maybe the supply and demand for skills, rather than being just a given, themselves reflect the structure of power. To the extent that a market price mechanism is allowed to function at all, the price for anything — labor included — will reflect the final balance between quantity supplied and quantity demanded at the point of exchange. That's not saying much. Far more important are the structural power issues that determine what the actual quantity supplied is relative to the quantity demanded, and the resulting balance of power between buyers and sellers.
Which skills and how much of them are demanded isn't just some spontaneous outcome of “the market.” They reflect the conscious decisions of large, centrally planned institutions known as corporations as to what particular production technologies they will adopt, what strategies of capital substitution and deskilling of labor they will pursue, and so forth. And the supply of labor-power with these skills, like that of most other corporate inputs, is heavily influenced by the role of the state in the capitalist system: its function of subsidizing the extraction raw material inputs and provision of transportation infrastructure, and externalizing the cost of reproducing human labor-power on the taxpayers.
Even the nature of the institutions producing and hiring the skilled labor-power is determined by a long history of collusion between the capitalist state and employers. It's no accident that most skilled labor is hired by the HR departments of large corporations, rather than joining cooperative garage factories using sophisticated tabletop CNC machinery or peer-production networks of coders.
The wage economy has been dominated by capitalist employers for over two centuries because on the eve of the Industrial Revolution the capitalist state in Great Britain, in collusion with the land-owners, robbed the great majority of the population of their customary rights in the land and forced them into the wage labor market — and then relied on totalitarian social controls to prevent workers from freely associating with one another or traveling from one parish to another in search of better offers of employment. And the American economy is dominated by corporate employers because the American state, from the mid-19th century onward, actively subsidized and promoted the concentration of economic life.
It's likewise no accident that most skilled workers get their skills in a secondary or higher education system whose primary function is processing artificially cheap “human resources” for corporate employers at taxpayer expense.
The credentialing system is set up not only to make trained labor-power artificially abundant and cheap for corporate employers, but also to erect toll-gates against the easy flow of knowledge and skill horizontally between working people themselves. The student must take on a lifetime of debt peonage to pay for a curriculum that's designed by the educational institution in collusion with employers, and upon graduation face a situation in which their bargaining power is reduced by the fact that she's been ready-made to the specs of the would-be employer and really has nowhere else much to go.
Imagine an economy of neighborhood and community micro-manufacture, in which skilled workers were interviewed by their future co-workers in a self-managed work collective, where the worker's skills were obtained through stackable credentialing in apprenticeships and guild training programs, according to their own individual judgement and agenda. The mix of credentials would be a matter for negotiation, and the applicant and existing work-force would meet as equals. Whatever credentials were genuinely needed would be a lot cheaper and easier to obtain, absent all the state-enforced barriers to free transmission of knowledge.
Supply and demand aren't autonomous values that “just happened”; they are the result of centuries of previous history, “written in letters of blood and fire.”
Citations to this article:
× Illinois Legislature votes to honor Barack Obama's birthday
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — The Legislature in Barack Obama's home state has decided to honor the 44th president's birthday.
A plan to mark Obama's August 4 birthday as an honorary holiday gained approval 87-0 in the Illinois House Friday. The state Senate endorsed the measure in March. It now moves to the Republican governor's desk.
The proposal would officially recognize Obama's efforts to protect the rights of Americans and build “bridges across communities.”
Obama began their political career serving in the Illinois Senate in 1997. They served there until their election to the U.S. Senate in 2004.
The Illinois House narrowly rejected a plan to make Obama's birthday a state holiday in March amid concerns over giving state workers in the cash-strapped state another paid day off.
Mason Adams writes from southwest Virginia. He's on Twitter at @MasonAtoms.
One year ago, a white supremacist obsessed with the Civil War fatally shot nine black parishioners at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Afterward, when photos of alleged shooter Dylann Roof posing with a rebel flag appeared, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley called for the flag to come down from in front of the state Capitol. Donald Trump, then only days into their 2016 campaign, said they agreed with their decision. “I would take it down, yes,” they said. “I think they should put it in a museum and respect whatever it is you have to respect.”
A year later, the backlash against the Confederate flag has spurred a counter-backlash, one that is playing out in countless skirmishes in courtrooms, township council rooms, bedrooms and Facebook posts, especially in the South. In the six months after the Charleston shooting, the Southern Poverty Law Center documented 364 Confederate flag rallies around the South. That doesn't include a spurt of growth in the number of flags on private lawns and on bumper stickers.
Story Continued Below
“It's like they say: Take one flag down and 1,000 go up,” says Tim Boone, who as founder of Rebel-lution, one of the many pro-flag activist groups that formed last summer and handed out “No votes for turncoats” stickers targeting the newly unpopular Haley and anyone else who might vote to take down a flag.
The backlash has extended to the national scene as well. Haley, once floated as a veep choice, is no longer mentioned in elite GOP circles. She's expressed a desire to see the Citadel remove the rebel flag from its chapel, but their hands are tied by the state Legislature. Haley has linked the tone of Trump's rhetoric to the kind of violence seen last year in Charleston, but she's still indicated she'll support them as the presumptive Republican nominee for president.
Trump, meanwhile, has utterly dismissed the South Carolina governor, and he's drawing support from many Confederate flag supporters who condemned Haley for their actions last year. And in contrast to their remarks about the flag a year ago, Trump has shifted rightward; many of those in the bizarre coalition of racists, anti-government radicals and states' rights activists who've led the battle charge for restoration of the rebel flag believe the GOP presumptive nominee is dog-whistling encouragement to them.
Trump's face appears on the cover of the Southern Poverty Law Center's annual report on domestic extremism, which found that from 2014 to 2015, right-wing hate groups grew 14 percent to almost 900. The Ku Klux Klan grew from 72 chapters to 190, although some of that growth came from the two largest groups splintering into smaller cells. Anti-government patriot/liberty groups, which have flourished over Obama's two terms, grew to nearly 1,000.
Despite their 2015 flag statement, their “New York values” and their status as a genuine Yankee, those groups, along with the rest of the disparate coalition that has vocally supported the Confederate flag over the past year, have aligned behind Trump.
“I'm voting for them despite that [his statement about the flag],” says Boone. “The reason I'll vote for Trump is probably the reason I feel most of the country is going to vote for him: They're sick of the political correctness. We're so worried about the minority getting their feelings hurt, with the flag, with transgender bathrooms and all that. Sometimes, the minority has to understand that their feelings get hurt too, and majority rules most of the time.”
***
It's not that nothing at all has changed a year since the Charleston shooting. At the University of Mississippi, the newly reconstituted student NAACP chapter began pressing administrators to remove the state flag, which also incorporates Confederate iconography. When they organized a protest in front of the administration building, the Ku Klux Klan showed up.
“We wanted to draw a relationship between that flag and white supremacy, to demonstrate that you're either on the side of white supremacy or on the side of justice,” says James Thomas, assistant professor of sociology and the chapter's faculty adviser. “So when the KKK showed up, it was perfect. When they were yelling at our students ‘black lives don't matter,' and ‘Go back to Africa,' it made it very easy for us to draw the lines and make that contrast.”
Within two weeks, the student Senate, faculty Senate, staff council, graduate school council and law school all called for removal of the state flag on campus. Administrators gave in and took down state flags in late October.
Other flags have come down too, by order of a judge or a vote of an elected body. Governing bodies began fierce debates over removing Confederate flags from public property. The Memphis City Council pushed to remove a statue of Nathan Bedford Forrest, the Confederate general who helped found the Ku Klux Klan after the war. The New Orleans City Council took down three Confederate statues and another commemorating an 1874 rebellion against the city's Reconstruction government. In Patrick County, Virginia, Judge Martin Clark ordered a portrait of Confederate Gen. J.E.B. Stuart taken down in the courthouse.
But Potok says the chance for more change has passed. “Initially, it looked, right after the massacre, like symbols of the Confederacy were about to be stripped from the South,” they say. “That did happen in some places, but it almost immediately engendered a real backlash, with the flag being embraced by all kinds of sectors of the radical right. I think what has happened is that for groups on the radical right, the Confederate battle flag has become a symbol of resistance to the federal government, which is their key issue. If you think about the Civil War, it makes sense; it was a battle fought by the South against the federal government.”
A new flourishing of Confederate flags is certainly evident in Floyd County, Virginia, where both Boone and I live. I travel regularly to Blacksburg by two different routes, and now I see at least half a dozen rebel flags on either route, in addition to an occasional American flag turned upside-down—a military signifier of distress, and—in this context—a statement of loving the country while opposing the federal government. The Confederate battle has also drawn support from anti-federal government patriot/liberty groups of the kind that support Trump. Boone, for example, is not just a flag activist, but a member of the anti-federal government 3 Percenters, a Constitutionalist militia group founded in Alabama about the time Barack Obama was elected as president.
Meanwhile the debate over the meaning of the flag persists, and Trump supporters in the South appear to be encouraged by their candidacy—and the way in which their rhetoric has helped to legitimize their own campaign. Flag rallies are no longer the domain of grizzled enactors dedicated to remembering the Civil War, but have been transformed by this new coalition.
In December, the Roanoke Sons of Confederate Veterans chapter arrived at the city's annual Christmas Parade with fewer than 20 people, says Mark Craig, the group's commander, but just before the parade started, a new group arrived, some of whom grabbed the SCV's flags and began waving them. As the parade progressed, more joined from the sidewalks, including some conspicuously wearing firearms as a display of Second Amendment rights. Craig says they have no idea how many were marching by the end, but estimates between 75 and 100.
“People who had flags that were in the crowd, they started jumping out and getting in the parade,” Craig says. “I have no idea how many got in, but they were not our people.”
Craig notes that battle flags were used during the Civil War to keep regiments together on battlefields obscured by black powder smoke. A similar fog of war pervades the political battlefield today, and the battle flag's mutable meaning only adds confusion. It's the same question faced by non-whites after the Civil War and still today: How can one discern the intentions of the person waving the flag?
In Charleston, South Carolina, not far from where Emanuel AME lost its pastor and eight others, Michael Allen works as a National Park Service historian at historic Civil War and Reconstruction sites, including some that Roof visited in the days leading up to the shooting.
Allen, a black man who has taken Roof's effrontery as a challenge to better tell the region's history, says it's important to consider the flag's many historical meanings. The flag stands for ancestral heritage, yes, but it's also stood for anti-federal sentiment, racism, violence, terror and the denial of human rights based on skin color.
“When you have an affair with multiple groups and entities marching, you may not always be on the same page and may even be opposed to each other,” Allen says. “But if you didn't challenge them, that makes you complicit.”
That fog of meaning that inherently comes with the Confederate battle flag now is extending to Trump's presidential campaign. For every white supremacist they retweet, every mumble-mouthed disclaimer of racists, the murk around them grows thicker.
In that respect, the debate over the Confederate flag echoes in many ways the larger debate over Trump's candidacy. When they criticize the judge in the Trump University case, Gonzalo Curiel, for for their “Mexican” heritage, is Trump practicing “textbook racism,” the phrase used by their fellow Republican, House Speaker Paul Ryan? Many Americans would probably say so. And yet to Trump's supporters, he's getting an unfair rap for simply defying what they see as a PC culture that has unfairly demonized a part of their history.
“He gets called a racist, but I don't think he's a racist. He's just speaking what's on their mind and heart, and I honestly wish the rest of the country would do that,” says Boone, the Rebel-lution founder. “It doesn't matter to me. It's kind of secondary. Basically, it boils down to people like myself who are so sick of this weak-kneed, politically correct outlook on life that we've got to sidestep everyone who gets their feelings hurt.”
As the summer heats up, and ceremonies commemorate the first anniversary of last year's tragic shootings at Emanuel AME, the fight over the Confederate battle flag's proper place in the 21st century will likely rekindle—this time against the backdrop of what's looks to be the nastiest general election fight in modern history.
That juxtaposition may well lend a partisan edge to the flag debate, where unrelated issues get wrapped in an argument over culture and symbolism, but it also could inject a dose of historic bitterness into the fight for the White House. Add in the feedback cycle of tailored social media and news sources, and the United States could see a polarized populace still fighting over a cultural and political divide with roots dating more than 150 years, when the Confederate battle flag was first raised in rebellion.
Chelsea Clinton is not getting much support to run for office from American voters, according to a new poll.
Only 27 percent of registered voters say they would support Clinton if they ran for political office, while 48 percent said they would rather not see them run, according to a Morning Consult/Politico poll.
The remaining quarter of voters said they had no opinion or were unsure.
Along party lines, Clinton, 37, did not have a lot of support from their own party, with only 48 percent of Democrats saying they would support them in a future run for office. An overwhelming 74 percent of Republicans said they would oppose them candidacy.
Clinton performed poorly in the polls among independents as well, with only 20 percent of independents supporting them and 48 percent opposing them
Younger voters, women, and Democrats were more likely to support a possible Clinton run, while men, Republicans, and older voters were more likely not to support a potential Clinton candidacy.
Clinton's popularity is split, with 39 percent saying they are viewed favorably while 38 percent say they are not viewed in a favorable light.
Clinton has stoked a lot of speculation about their entrance into the political arena, with many in Democratic circles saying they should run for a House or Senate seat. Clinton has denied that this speculation is true while leaving the door open for a future run.
“I really am constantly surprised by the stories of me running for, fill in the blank—Congress, Senate, City Council, the presidency,” Clinton told Variety in an interview. “I really find this all rather hysterical, because I've been asked this question a lot throughout my life, and the answer has never changed.”
“I clearly do not support the president and certainly hope that they are defeated in the next election, but I don't think I'm the best person for that job,” they added.
Knicks and Rangers fans in Manhattan and other Time Warner Cable locations better sit down — you may not get to see your favorite teams on television all season.
The three-week-old standoff between the MSG Network, home to both teams, and TWC is nowhere near an end and could linger all season, sources familiar with the situation said.
TWC's tough-as-nails programming chief, Melinda Wittmer, and MSG Media President Mike Bair continue to have phone conversations but as far as any progress, there's precious little to speak of, sources said.
TWC has said repeatedly it was close to a deal with MSG before the NBA strike ended. But now TWC is objecting to what it says is MSG's demands for a 53-percent carriage rate increase. Until it backs off that position, little is likely to move.
For its part, MSG is saying the 53 percent jump in its rate isn't their position — and they want a boost that's in line with what they're getting paid elsewhere.
TWC reports earnings Jan. 26, and investors will get an update on fourth-quarter subscriber numbers and perhaps some color on whether the lack of MSG is affecting current quarter trends.
MSG has been encouraging sports fans to switch to a different pay-TV service during the blackout.
Working in MSG's favor is the likelihood that diehard fans will switch to Verizon FiOS or DirecTV pretty quickly.
But the longer it takes to negotiate a deal, the fewer people will care about switching.
A TWC spokesperson said: “There is no update.”
An MSG spokesperson said: “We have had no meaningful discussions in over a month and remain miles apart.”
Miller Tabak & Co. analyst David Joyce downgraded MSG this week from buy to neutral, a result of the stand-off.
MSG closed the session flat at $29.53. Year-to-date the stock is up 3.1 percent.
The only formal rights involved in this particular debate are the rights of private entities to control access to their sites and set the terms of whatever debates are aired there. Anonymity may be a treasured online tradition (however recent), but it is not a right, except in the public sphere: the state can't legally stop you from publishing or posting anonymously, but the owner of a privately owned site or publication can decline to give you access.
In fact, you don't have a right to post comments under your own name, much less anonymously, just as you don't have a right to force a newspaper to publish your letter to the editor. Yes, an online site has the capacity to post comments that a print publication lacks; but to suggest that the capacity to post your comment, anonymously or not, imbues you with a right to have it posted is a bit like suggesting that your capacity to copy and paste this column imbues you with a right to appropriate it, or that the ease with which you can enter an unlocked house gives you the right to commit a burglary. Your right to engage in an activity is not determined by your ability to do so. This is not an argument to end anonymity or increase monitoring of comments. It is simply an effort to distinguish between rights, prerogatives, and permissions in the battle over online speech.
Libertarians considering the prospect of additional, private restrictions on speech may be torn between their affection for raucous, open, free debate, and their sympathy for the rights of private parties to control the debates that occur on their properties. Personally, I'm ambivalent toward the stamp out misogyny campaign. I don't believe that misogyny will be eliminated or significantly diminished by private suppression of misogynist online speech. I worry that identifying problems of abusive speech inevitably builds support for repressive legal "solutions." And I shudder at nonsensical efforts to distinguish "hate speech" from free speech; freedom for the speech you like would merely be redundant. But when women complain about speech they consider abusive or downright frightening, I have to say, welcome to the fray. You may mock them for complaining, but "complaint" is just another word for protest. Besides, women who speak out against misogyny can't claim to have been silenced by it.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
— from People's Action Blog
How cruel and inhumane can a piece of legislation get?
The latest Republican proposal to repeal health care – yes, GOP leaders are at it again – takes us to a new low, with a revised version of repeal analysts are calling even more damaging than a “repeal-without-replace.”
Republican leaders in the Senate are making a last-ditch effort to pass legislation that will throw tens of millions of us off coverage – and they want to do it before September 30, so they can get away with repealing our care with only 50 votes.
And they're gunning for that deadline with their worst repeal bill to date.
The Worst Health Bill So Far
The main sponsors of this new bill, Sen. Bill Cassidy and Sen. Lindsay Graham, have been busy pitching their legislation as a friendlier, more moderate health care repeal than the package the GOP tried and failed to pass in July.
But nothing could be further from the truth.
Their new bill cuts health coverage across the board, way beyond the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This legislation starves the entire Medicaid program, which has been in place since 1965, through per-person funding caps that will translate into incredible suffering.
For example, people with disabilities could lose home health services they use to live independently.
The legislation punishes people with pre-existing conditions. Insurers may be able to once again jack up premiums based on health status, meaning a person with metastatic cancer could be hit with a surcharge of as much as $142,650. Insurers also could cut out essential benefits like maternity care.
Winners and Losers?
This repeal is a ticking time bomb. Cassidy-Graham ends Medicaid's expansion, and eliminates subsidies for individual coverage, replacing them with smaller block grants to states that come with no guarantee of coverage – and then disappear entirely after ten years.
And the cuts to Medicaid would get even steeper by 2025.
Every state loses. There's been talk of some states “winning” and some states “losing” under the Cassidy-Graham bill. But every state will lose big once the legislation's time bomb goes off in ten years – and that means tens of millions of people losing health care, no matter where they live.
Virtually everyone who's taken a close look at this bill thinks it's a disaster. Fitch Ratings deems it “more disruptive for most states than prior Republican efforts,” and says it could hurt not just health care but schools and colleges, too. The American College of Physicians, America's Essential Hospitals, and others have issued statements opposing the legislation.
In all, it's estimated the bill will strip coverage from 32 million people. So, it's no wonder Republican leadership wants to push the bill through, before the Congressional Budget Office can complete a full official analysis. But, even without CBO analysis, we know what we're fighting against – and what we're fighting for.
They're Fighting Because We're Fighting
Little more than a year ago, Louisiana – the state Bill Cassidy represents – expanded Medicaid, finally extending coverage to more than 433,000 Louisianans who'd previously been shut out from health care.
That was a huge step forward, and one Louisianans fought hard to win. Patients reportedly cried with relief when they found out they could get the health care they needed so desperately, after going without for so many years.
Cassidy's bill will now destroy any guarantee of coverage for them, which makes their push for this bill, which they know will harm their own constituents, unconscionable. But he's not alone. With so much at risk, the GOP leadership's sudden race toward the September 30 deadline is unfathomably reckless.
Reckless Disregard
Outrage over GOP leaders' reckless disregard for our lives has fueled opposition to their bid to repeal health care ever since they began stumbling towards this heartless goal back in January.
So far, the GOP has used a patchwork of secrecy, lies, and strong-arming tactics to jam a bill – seemingly, any bill – through Congress, as long as it funnels dollars away from care and upward to rich donors and corporations.
We've held back this bid for more than eight months. Along the way, we've seen increasing public enthusiasm for protection of health care as a public good, and growing agreement that health care should be recognized as a right for all.
Before It's Too Late
If we're terrified of losing everything, the GOP is terrified, too. They see that support for a more coherent and humane vision of health care is growing. That's why they're dead-set on defunding, breaking and eliminating as much of our health care system as they can, before it's too late for them.
They're worried that in the long run, we will win.
And we will. But to win, we have to keep fighting.
So let's beat back this worst-ever health care repeal – and let's keep fighting until we win health care for everyone. Call the Senate now at 888-981-9704 and tell them to vote NO! on Cassidy-Graham.
_______
About author Julie Chinitz is a lead writer for People's Action.
A&E revealed a new 30-second for Bates Motel (debuting March 18th) which presents more footage from the series.
Starring Freddie Highmore and Vera Farmiga as Norman and Norma Bates, Bates Motel concerns the early days of Norman's life. Following the tragic death of their husband, Norma Bates buys a motel on the outskirts of the idyllic coastal town of White Pine Bay, seeking a fresh start.
As Norma and Norman get ensconced in their new home, they discover this town isn't quite what it seems, and the locals arent so quick to let them in on their secrets. But the Bates are done being pushed around and will do whatever it takes to survive  and will do whatever it takes to protect their own secrets.
Stay up to date with the latest horror news by “liking” Shock Till You Drop's Facebook page and following us on Twitter!
This weekend, Iran will stage its third cartoon exhibition about the Holocaust. The images on display, pooled from submissions that came in from various parts of the world, mock a history of genocide and Jewish suffering. The event has garnered global notoriety and is a persistent mark against an Iranian regime that has tried over the past year to show that it's ready to emerge from international isolation.
Last month, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif attempted to distance the administration of President Hassan Rouhani from the contest. In an interview with the New Yorker, Zarif said the event was sponsored by private nongovernmental organizations and not their government. They then pointed to a history of supposed Western double standards.
“Why does the United States have the Ku Klux Klan? Is the government of the United States responsible for the fact that there are racially hateful organizations in the United States?” Zarif asked. “Don't consider Iran a monolith. The Iranian government does not support, nor does it organize, any cartoon festival of the nature that you're talking about.”
But the organizations involved, the Owj Media & Cultural Institute and the Sarsheshmeh Cultural Center, are institutions with direct ties to organs of the Iranian government, including the country's powerful Revolutionary Guard Corps.
The event last year, as WorldViews noted, was billed as a riposte to the satirical cartoons about Islam and the prophet Muhammad published by the French magazine Charlie Hebdo. The “contest and exhibition intends to display the West's double standard behavior towards freedom of expression as it allows sacrilege of Islamic sanctities,” the semiofficial Fars News Agency reported.
An article in Iran Wire pours cold water on Zarif's claim that the contest has no government affiliation:
The Islamic Propaganda Organization runs Sarcheshmeh Cultural Institute, one of the organizers of the second Holocaust Cartoons competition. Another backer of the competition is Owj Media and Arts Organization, which is affiliated with the Revolutionary Guards. After the nuclear agreement was signed last July, Owj launched a campaign called American Honesty, and covered billboards around Tehran with anti-American posters. With the support of this organization, the award money for the winner of the Holocaust Cartoons competition has been increased from $25,000 to $50,000. Owj claims it is an NGO but its affiliation with the Revolutionary Guards is an open secret. And the senior commanders of the Revolutionary Guards are directly appointed by the supreme leader, who started voicing their own doubts about Holocaust in the 1990s, and finally stopped mincing their words in around 2000, when they said, “in many Western countries, nobody dares to question the myth of the Holocaust.”
Zarif themselves is no Holocaust denier and has repeatedly insisted that toxic legacy was the fault of the country's previous president, the firebrand Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. But, as myriad observers have noted, Holocaust denial within the Iranian regime did not begin and end with Ahmadinejad. Rather, it starts at the top with the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who just this year questioned the “reality” of the genocide on Holocaust Remembrance Day.
“Senior Iranian officials have for many years systematically promoted Holocaust denial and distortion,” said Tad Stahnke, who heads the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum's Initiative on Holocaust Denial and Antisemitism. They added that the contest “discredits Iran and its people” and is an “affront” to the victims and survivors of the Holocaust, which include some Iranians themselves.
The cartoon contest, observers say, is animated by political antipathy to Israel, a country fundamentally at odds with the Islamic republic. Majid Mohammadi, an Iranian scholar who spoke in the same phone conference as Stahnke, said that divisions do exist in Iran between moderate and hard-line camps. But when it comes to Israel, they say, “they are on the same page."”
This post has been updated.
More on WorldViews
Iran unveils monument to Jewish heroes
The so-called Islamic rape of Europe has a long, racist history
An exhibit in Iran will mock the Holocaust
Detroit Pistons vs. Los Angeles Lakers - Dec. 14, 2015
Detroit Pistons forward Aron Baynes (12) celebrates after making a layup in the second quarter of their NBA game against the Los Angeles Clippers at the Palace of Auburn Hills in Auburn Hills, Monday, December 14, 2015.
(Mike Mulholland | MLive.com)
AUBURN HILLS -- When J.J. Redick climbed the back of Andre Drummond late in the fourth quarter Monday with the ball in the air during a Jamal Crawford free throw, the only emotion out of Detroit Pistons coach Stan Van Gundy was regret. They know the rule, awarding any player fouled off the ball in the final two minutes of an NBA game two free throws and their team possession, but the Los Angeles Clippers found a loophole. Redick's foul, some would say done with clear intent, was ruled a loose-ball foul and sent Drummond to the line to split, setting up their game-tying 3-pointer and a 105-103 overtime loss for the Pistons. "I blew it on that," Van Gundy said, of not taking Drummond out. "And it cost us a point. I've got to take the blame on that." Van Gundy stopped short of criticizing the NBA on its lax rules when it comes to teams targeting poor foul shooters late in games, but did say Tuesday they wished for uniformity. "My only thing that I've said, and I've been with this all the time I've been in coaching, I don't like anything where the rule changes in terms of time," Van Gundy said. "I don't like the fact that we can't throw the ball into the backcourt, but with two minutes or less we can. I don't like that the rule is one way on the fouls for the first 46 minutes and a different way for the last two minutes. I don't like our replay rule where we're going to replay stuff in the last two minutes as if the first 46 minutes aren't important. "I don't like any of those things that change at the end of the game. That's the only thing I've said. Whatever you want to do with the rules, but let's play with the same rules the whole way through. If we can grab people for 46 minutes, let's grab them the whole game."
PISTONS NOTES
A day later:
Van Gundy was critical of Drummond after Monday's loss for their defensive blunder in overtime, allowing Crawford a wide-open look from the 3-point line with 12.4 seconds left, and finally got to ask them about it Tuesday morning in practice. "He had no answer," Van Gundy said. "You just can't go out and make it up. You have to have five guys on the same page and no one on our team was expecting that because that wasn't the plan. ... "It's not a yell and scream, it's a discipline thing. Andre at the end, it was mind boggling. Mind boggling."
Baynes strong off bench:
Aron Baynes proved strong off the bench in Monday's loss, scoring 10 points on 5-of-6 shooting and six rebounds in 13 minutes, and brought the Pistons bench to their feet with a fourth-quarter slam. He's averaging 7.2 points and 4.4 rebounds the last five games. "He was playing well and then they got the nose thing, I think that set them back a little bit," Van Gundy said. "He came back really strong and I thought they played really, really well. I think he's one of the best backup centers in the league, there's no question about it, and I think that's really, really big for us. Last night was their best game in a while. I thought they were outstanding."
'Still can't sleep':
Van Gundy went home Monday night after the loss to the Clippers, Detroit's second close loss in six days, and re-watched the final six minutes of the fourth quarter and overtime. It was a departure for the Pistons' coach and president of basketball operations, who usually waits until the next morning to re-watch film. "On those, I go back and watch the end of the game right away," Van Gundy said. "Not so much for things like that, but what should we have done? What did we do wrong? What adjustments should we have made? It doesn't help -- you still can't sleep."
-- Download the Detroit Pistons on MLive app for iPhone and Android -- Like MLive's Detroit Pistons Facebook page
Wisconsin is still paying the price for the incompetence of a Pac-12 officiating crew.
Perhaps the Badgers are also suffering for a schedule that, gasp, actually featured some challenges during the month of September.
Either way, a very good team, the second-best team in the Big Ten, is being completely overlooked nationally. And it's a damn shame.
The first sign of disrespect came around noon on Sunday, when the clown show known as the Coaches' Poll revealed its latest rankings. Wisconsin barely squeaked in at No. 24.
Chris Borland has 57 tackles and two sacks for the overlooked Wisconsin Badgers. Jeff Hanisch/USA TODAY Sports
It's not as if the coaches, most of whom don't do the voting themselves and have little gauge on the national scene, are biased against two-loss teams. Three of them are ranked in the top 20. Surprise, surprise, all three -- No. 13 LSU, No. 15 Texas A&M and No. 20 South Carolina -- are all from the beloved SEC. This past Saturday, South Carolina lost to a thoroughly mediocre Tennessee team, while LSU fell to unranked Ole Miss. But a Big Ten team that has been dominant in its five victories, was robbed of a chance to win at Arizona State and lost by a touchdown on the road against No. 4 Ohio State is almost left out of the rankings.
The equally ridiculous Harris Poll also had the Badgers at No. 24.
Perhaps more egregious is the fact the coaches have both Nebraska and Michigan ranked ahead of Wisconsin. Nebraska could turn out to be a good team, but the Huskers to this point are a product of a soft schedule. They were soundly beaten against the only good team they've faced (UCLA) on their home field. Michigan might be the least impressive 6-1 team in the country. The Notre Dame win looks nice, but the Wolverines nearly lost to two woeful teams (Akron and Connecticut), fell to an average Penn State team in four overtimes and had no answers for Indiana's offense on Saturday. Like Nebraska, Michigan is a wait-and-see type of team. We know a lot more about Wisconsin, and most of it is positive.
The disrespect for Wisconsin continued Sunday night when the Badgers didn't appear in the initial BCS standings, while Michigan (No. 22), Nebraska (No. 24) and the three two-loss SEC teams all made the rundown. Wisconsin likely will be favored in its remaining five games, but unless Leaders division front runner Ohio State starts losing, the Badgers' best-case scenario is an at-large BCS bowl berth. They have quite a mountain to climb to reach the top 14 in the BCS standings and qualify for an at-large spot.
Open your eyes, America. Wisconsin has the Big Ten's most exciting player in running back Melvin Gordon, one of the nation's most dynamic and versatile defenders in linebacker Chris Borland and fun-to-watch schemes on both sides of the ball.
Wisconsin's schedule was front-loaded, unlike Michigan's, Nebraska's or Michigan State's, so the Badgers easily could be overlooked in November when they play Iowa, BYU, Indiana, Minnesota and Penn State.
A 10-2 mark might get Wisconsin its due when the BCS bowl pairings are announced. But here's what I think could happen: The Badgers run the table, make some Florida bowl game -- Capital One or Outback -- beat an SEC foe and finish 11-2.
Only then would the light go on and the voters realize their error.
Kind of like those Pac-12 officials.
Departing GCHQ Boss Insists GCHQ Isn't Engaged In Mass Surveillance... If You Define 'Mass' And 'Surveillance' The Way They Does
from the but-not-the-way-the-rest-of-us-do dept
“The people who work at GCHQ would sooner walk out the door than be involved in anything remotely resembling ‘mass surveillance,”
With the UN declaring mass surveillance a violation of human rights, the proper thing for the world's biggest intelligence agencies -- who regularly engage in mass surveillance -- to do, might be to cut back on the practice and go back to targeted surveillance projects that most people find acceptable. Or, you know, they can do what the outgoing head of the GCHQ (the UK's equivalent of the NSA), Sir Iain Lobban, did and just redefine the English language . That's easier.Of course, this basically contradicts everything that we've learned about the GCHQ recently. In fact, it's abundantly clear that the GCHQ regularly engages in programs of mass surveillance. It has a whole program, called TEMPORA , that is entirely focused on tapping into fiber optic cables and snarfing up pretty much everything that goes over them.Just like the folks at the NSA, the GCHQ likes to have its own dictionary on these things. To them, it's not "surveillance" if no one actually looks at the data or if they don't store it all in a particular database (but rather keep it in another database). The NSA and GCHQ insist that they're just doing all of this for safekeeping, and the surveillance part doesn't start until someone actually looks at the data collected. And, it's not "mass" surveillance, even though it collects data on everyone, because they only think the people who someone took the time to directly snoop on count in the equation.The end result, though, is that for everyone else, we recognize that the GCHQ is one of the leaders in mass surveillance, and having Lobban pretend otherwise doesn't make anyone feel safer. It just makes them think that there's another liar in charge of an intelligence agency.
Filed Under: gchq, iain lobban, mass surveillance, surveillance
You're so vain, Salt Lake City, you probably think a national magazine article about American cities with plastic surgery trends could not be about you.
But take another look, says an article published last month by Forbes magazine. The article, titled America's Vainest Cities, says Salt Lake City tops the nation in the percentage of plastic surgeons.
Utah's largest city has 45 plastic or reconstructive surgeons  six for every 100,000 people. New York City has four plastic surgeons per 100,000 people and Los Angeles has 4.1 per 100,000 residents. Miami claims 5.2 plastic surgeons per every 100,000 residents.
Forbes ranked the 50 U.S. cities with the highest populations, then divided the number of residents by the number of surgeons in the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, which includes about 90 percent of all plastic surgeons.
About 30 percent of all plastic surgeries nationally are reconstructive and not cosmetic, according to Forbes.
The Forbes article claims that a national increase in plastic surgery has been caused by an advent of safe and affordable options. The trend may also be spurred by television programs such as "Nip/Tuck" on FX and Fox's reality TV show "The Swan," which feature surgery procedures, according to the magazine.
Plastic surgeries have increased almost 50 percent nationally since 2000, according to the magazine.
Julian Zelizer, a history and public affairs professor at Princeton University and a CNN political analyst, is the author of " The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society ." He's co-host of the "Politics & Polls" podcast. The opinions expressed in this commentary are their own.
(CNN) Monday night, two Republican Senators -- Mike Lee and Jerry Moran -- announced that they would not vote to send the health care bill to the floor. The announcement marked a stunning defeat for a Republican Party that controls the White House and Congress and which has made this item the top priority for years.
Not only is health care reform in limbo, but going into the end of July, Republicans don't have a single major piece of legislation to show for President Donald Trump's first six months of office.
As the blame game now begins, everyone in Washington will be asking -- who killed the health bill? As in an Agatha Christie novel, there are many suspects on the train.
The bill itself
This was the main problem. Republicans crafted a piece of legislation that faced immense odds. At the same time that the legislation aimed to dismantle a major piece of the social safety net, it offered nothing much in return to the millions of Americans who were going to lose benefits. The legislation threatened to strip away benefits from millions of poor, elderly, and sick Americans.
The early versions of the bill offered a huge tax cut to the wealthiest Americans. And even after that was stripped out in the revised bill, the legislation was seen as punitive and was opposed by governors from both parties, major players in the health care industry and a large majority of Americans who continued to register their strong opposition. Each CBO score -- the Congressional Budget Office's assessment of the likely impact of the bill -- was a reminder of what would happen if Congress said yes. The Republicans managed to put forth a bill that had very few fans -- but many victims.
President Trump
As the President would say of others, they proved to be a "disaster," making things more difficult for the GOP every step of the way. The chaos that is coming from their White House and the ongoing investigation into Russia -- which they and their advisers have done little to stop, only adding fuel to the fire -- didn't help Republicans keep a focus on this fight. When President Trump, who now has a historically low approval rate of 36% did say something -- like calling the House bill "mean" soon after passage and saying they were fine if nothing passed after the first round of Senate efforts fell apart -- they usually hurt the Republican cause. They proved unwilling or unable to use the bully pulpit of the White House to build public support for the legislation and make a convincing case to Americans that this bill was anything other than hurtful. When Republican Senator Dean Heller of Nevada expressed their strong reservations, a pro-Trump Super Pac threatened to run ads against him.
Trump's response to Monday night's news came in a tweet: "Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join!" Once again, the President is not listening. Democrats might work with Republicans to fix the problems with ACA. But they won't agree to eliminate the program -- which would still mean millions of Americans losing their benefits -- based on a promise from a President, who faces a credibility gap bigger than the Grand Canyon, that the GOP will somehow make things better down the line.
The Freedom Caucus
This bill has its origins in a Freedom Caucus that had pushed the Republicans far to the right in the House. The Freedom Caucus insisted on an extremely conservative measure to kick off this period of Republican government. Sen. Mitch McConnell always had an eye back on the House where they knew that they had little wiggle room. If they did anything to address the concerns of moderates like Susan Collins about the fate of Medicaid, they would never be able to negotiate a compromise in conference committee. Freedom Caucus allies in the Senate such as Ted Cruz could not be bought off with anything short of removing strong regulatory protections, as was evident when McConnell caved to the senator before announcing the second version of the bill.
Sen. Mitch McConnell
When the Senate deliberations started, everyone predicted that McConnell was a master legislator, Lyndon Johnson style, who would figure out a way to get this done. They were wrong. The truth is that McConnell has spent much of their career as an obstructionist.  They are extraordinarily good at stopping things, but not really tested in making legislation happen. In their first major test in their new role, they didn't have the legislative wherewithal to put these votes together. Facing a challenge with this unpopular bill, they stumbled and fumbled.
It turned out that they didn't have some magic trick up their sleeve to bring the votes together. Their lack of a strong television presence hurt, particularly given that we have a president who did so little to sell the bill to the public. Everyone was working in the backroom on a bill that sounded horrible to most Americans.
After the collapse of their bill Monday night, McConnell announced their Hail Mary plan.  They are going to give this one more try. Listening to the President, they announced that the Senate would move to repeal Obamacare with a two-year delay to allow time for a transition to a "patient-centered health care system." Perhaps the gambit will work, and Republican senators will take a risk on a proposal that will be just as unpopular with the public. But given the opposition to cutting the Medicaid expansion and the patient protections, that is a dicey proposition.
The Congressional Democrats
The opposition on Capitol Hill played this well. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer kept their troops in line. There were no major defections from the Democrats at any point. In the Senate, this meant that McConnell could only lose two votes if they wanted the bill to pass. The Senate Democrats were also consistently on message, pointing out the many threats posed by the legislation and the reasons it would undercut health care markets. Yet they did this without becoming the story. Although Republicans would have loved to turn this into a tale of partisan Democratic obstruction, they failed. Democrats let the Republicans make their own mistakes -- and let the bill speak for itself.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
The grassroots resisters
Since President Trump took office, opponents have been mobilizing at the grassroots. A group of former congressional staffers, for instance, formed the group Indivisible which used the methods of the tea party to create pressure on Republicans in Congress to vote no on repeal and replace. They flooded town halls, spoke to the media, called and emailed congressional offices and appeared at public events to make their case known. The strategy worked. They have been incredibly effective throughout at generating fear among congressional Republicans and making it clear that there would be high costs to voting in favor of this bill.
The irony is that the failure of the Senate bill could be the best thing to happen to Republicans. This stops them from passing legislation that could easily cause a massive backlash and creates an opportunity for moving forward with measures more attractive to their supporters, like tax cuts. But that all assumes that the dysfunction we have seen from this White House and the rightward pressure coming from within the party come to an end. The odds are that those won't. If that's the case, the defeat of health care might portend more legislative failures.
|
Who is NBC's Senior Military Official Source Responsible for Yet-To-Be-Retracted False News?
On July 15, 2016, as an attempted coup unfolded in Turkey, a report began to circulate widely that Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had fled the country by air and was requesting asylum in Germany. The apparent origin of this report was NBC News. A tweet has also been cited in many articles from MSNBC Segment Producer, Kyle Griffin. Griffin's tweet stated, “senior US military source tells NBC News that Erdoğan, refused landing rights in Istanbul, is reported to be seeking asylum in Germany.”
This report was presented as factual, and was reported on by many different media outlets. Despite an intense public outcry, to date there has been no explanation, retraction or apology for it from NBC, MSNBC, or Kyle Griffin. We at Newsbud believe it is highly irresponsible and harmful to present and circulate a false report. Further, the public has the right to know how its mainstream news outlets such as NBC are being directly used by senior government Psyop actors to concoct and disseminate strategic false information. In this case, who is this Senior US Military Official cited as NBC's source for this proven-false Erdoğan Asylum story?
Newsbud is requesting that NBC and MSNBC issue a public retraction of and an official explanation for this false report and its Senior Pentagon Official Source origin. If no public explanation and retraction is given by NBC and MSNBC by 12:00pm PST Monday, July 25, 2016, Newsbud will travel to New York to request the retraction publicly at NBC News headquarters.
Newsbud Official Request Sent to NBC Corporation
Newsbud Official Request to Turkish Embassy in the USA Seeking Official Comment & Interview
*Follow us here at Newsbud Twitter
**Subscribe here at BFP-Newsbud YouTube Channel
MSM Disinfo Machine- from Iraq's WMD to the Turkey Coup Attempt: Confront MSNBC & NBC
Pew Research Centre report says the US and UK are among countries showing a worrying rise in religious discrimination
Three-quarters of the world's human population of seven billion live under strong government curbs on religion, or among serious "social hostilities" involving faith issues, find researchers.
The US and UK, say the researchers, are among countries showing a worrying rise in religious discrimination.
The conclusions of the project, conducted by the Pew Research Centre, an American thinktank,'s Forum on Religion and Public Life, were published on Thursday. The analysis, of 197 countries and territories, identifies a sharp rise in religious limits globally and a 6% increase in restrictions in the four years until 2010.
The survey, The Rising Tide of Restrictions on Religion, is the second successive one by Pew to note increasing intolerance worldwide.
Painting a stark picture of a "rising tide" of intolerance and government restrictions on religious matters, the report cites evidence including "crimes, malicious acts and violence motivated by religious hatred or bias, as well as increased government interference with worship or other religious practices".
The project notes an acceleration in intolerance, reporting a 63% rise from mid-2009 to mid-2010 in numbers of countries that increased government restrictions, in comparison with Pew's last survey that had noted a 56% rise.
Remarking on the trend, the report says: "The number of countries where harassment or intimidation of specific religious groups took place rose from 147 as of mid-2009, to 160 as of mid-2010."
In the survey the UK is second among countries marked "high" – on a scale from very high, the top offending countries, to low – with regard to "social hostility", one of the two indices used to evaluate levels of intolerance.
The ranking puts the UK, on the table of descending scores, in the next place down below Kenya, and at one place above Burma. The ranking marks a rise for the UK since the last survey. In Europe only Russia fared worse.
In the second index – covering government restrictions – the UK remains on the "moderate" list.
Commenting on the UK's social hostility placing, a lead researcher, Brian Grim, said the rise had been driven by several issues. "That included Christians voicing concern about being able to talk about their religion, a spike in antisemitic incidents and also anti-Muslim sentiment. It also included concern about issues within the Muslim community itself and honour killings."
In the period covered by the survey there had been an upsurge in sectarian tension in Northern Ireland which had since subsided.
Among other countries showing marked increases in religious intolerance for the first time, though still classed only as "moderate", is the US, which also registers a rise for the first time on both scales, moving from a low category of religious limits to moderate.
"From mid-2009 to mid-2010," the report's authors note, "a number of the sources used in the study reported an increase in the number of incidents at state and local level in which members of some religious groups faced restrictions on their ability to practise their faith."
These included "religious groups in the US [which had] faced difficulties in obtaining zoning permits to build or expand houses of worship, religious schools or other religious institutions".
A more marked increase was recorded in the social hostilities index, moving the US from the lower end of the moderate range of hostilities to the upper end of the moderate range. This was largely driven by an increase in religion-related terrorist attacks in the year to mid-2010.
The report also noted legislation by some states to ban "sharia law", or prevent construction of mosques.
The percentage of the world's population living in countries with low levels of restriction, the report calculates, fell between 2007 and 2010 from 14% to 6%.
The report is being published amid a rash of protests in the Muslim world following the posting online of a videospoof that mocks the life of Muhammad.
The survey reports that in all five main regions of the world – including the Americas and sub-Saharan Africa where religious restrictions previously had been declining – freedom of faith is coming under increasing pressure.
While the survey notes growing religious restrictions in places where that might be expected, including in Nigeria which has seen a spate of attacks against Christians, as well as in Indonesia, where pressure from Islamists forced dozens of churches to close, it also identifies growing problems in some western democracies including Switzerland, which, in 2009, banned the construction of minarets, and the US.
The report – which detailed religious freedom up until the end of 2010 and is the third such survey Pew has carried out – says it identified a four-year high involving "harassment or intimidation of particular religious groups" – including five out of seven of the main religious groupings – including Jews, Christians, Buddhists and adherents of folk or traditional religions.
Not all religions, however, faced harassment in the same way.
"Christians," the survey reports, "were harassed by government officials or organisations in 95 countries in the year ending in mid-2010 and by social groups or individuals in 77 countries.
"Muslims also were more likely to be harassed by governments (74 countries) than by social groups or individuals (64 countries). Jews, by contrast, experienced social harassment in many more countries than they faced government harassment."
The survey's government restrictions index marks countries by 20 religious curb indicators, including efforts to prohibit practising faiths. The social hostilities measure calculates religious hostility by groups and others against rival beliefs.
Using these two scales the authors identified a rise in countries with "very high" levels of government curbs – from 10 in 2007 to 18 in 2010.
In that period 10 countries were added to the list of countries with very high levels of restriction – Afghanistan, Algeria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Indonesia, Maldives, Russia, Syria, Tunisia and Yemen – while only two, Brunei and Turkey, were downgraded.
The report adds: "The countries with very high social hostilities also rose, from 10 as of mid-2007, to 15 as of mid-2010, as five countries (Egypt, Nigeria, the Palestinian territories, Russia and Yemen) were added to the very high category and none were removed … meanwhile, half of the countries in the study (98) had low levels of social hostilities in mid-2010, down from 114 in mid-2007."
North Korea was excluded from the study because of the difficulty of accessing up-to-date information.
Perhaps more telling has been the increase in countries experiencing social hostilities over religion, with four times as many countries (17) showing a marked increase as had seen a decrease (four).
The increase in religious curbs comes as recent surveys have appeared to demonstrate that people around the world are becoming more religious.
U.S. stocks closed at fresh highs Wednesday for a fifth-straight day as traders continued to bet on a pro-growth agenda under President Donald Trump .
"The market reacts positively when we think we're getting close to" a policy announcement, said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "As long as we stay focused on that, the market is going to continue to go higher."
The president continued to tout their economic agenda in a meeting with retail CEOs Wednesday.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 107 points with Procter & Gamble (PG) contributing the most to gains. Shares rose 3.7 percent after CNBC reported late Tuesday, citing sources, that Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management has taken a stake in Procter & Gamble and the funds' current position is worth roughly $3.5 billion.
Dow Jones industrial average one-day performance
Official filings released Tuesday also showed several major U.S. hedge fund investors moved significant parts of their portfolios into financial and pharmaceutical stocks.
Health care climbed nearly 1.2 percent Wednesday to lead the S&P 500 higher in the close.
The financials sector closed up 0.7 percent as the third-best performer remains the top gainer in the S&P 500 since election with gains of more than 22 percent. The SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF (KRE) (NYSE Arca: KRE) hit at an all-time high.
"We're halfway through the first quarter and ... people have to chase performance," said Peter Coleman, head trader at Convergex.
"At the end of the day, the sentiment is you're going to get some tax reform and some infrastructure policy," they said.
On Wednesday, Trump said the administration remains "focused on the issues that will bring economic growth. That's what we're all about."
The SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT) (NYSE Arca: XRT) closed up 0.9 percent with the largest market-cap stock, Amazon.com (AMZN), closing three-quarters of a percent higher. Groupon (GRPN) led advancers, surging 23 percent after reporting a strong quarter .
However, shares of H&R Block (HRB) tumbled more than 2 percent to hit a session low after Trump said the company probably wouldn't like their tax reform plan. Shares recovered to close 0.8 percent lower.
Stocks had closed at record highs again on Tuesday, lifted by the financials sector, which received a lift from higher interest rates. The major U.S. stock indexes had traded mostly sideways this year, until Trump said last week the administration will be releasing a "phenomenal" tax plan in the next two-to-three weeks.
"I think what may have started off as short covering, then a short squeeze, has brought in some money off the sidelines into the more cyclical areas of the market," said Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Boston Private Wealth.
The initial pop in equities following Trump's election was mostly spurred by hopes of infrastructure spending, deregulation and lower corporate taxes. But the transition into Trump's presidency has been bumpy.
On Monday, Trump's National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigned from their post after days of speculation about their status within the administration and intense scrutiny into their discussions about Russia prior to Trump's inauguration.
"The market has been surprisingly generous to Trump," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "If we learn that Trump did something unethical ahead of the election, then that would have some impact. But barring something of that magnitude, I think the market will continue to shrug off those issues."
Story continues
The plan claims to guarantee coverage for people with pre-existing conditions, but there is a big catch. It is only guaranteed if they maintain “continuous coverage.” If they lose a job and the insurance that went with it, they must enroll in another plan promptly or they could be locked out of insurance or charged unaffordable rates if they have pre-existing conditions.
Although the Republicans would retain the most popular provisions of the reform law, they would drop consumer protections like a ban on annual benefit limits, free preventive services, equal premiums for men and women, and comprehensive benefits designed to make sure all plans are adequate.
Federal tax credit subsidies would be limited to those earning up to three times the federal poverty level, not four times as under the existing law. How those subsidies would be paid for is not clear.
The expansion of Medicaid in 25 states and the District of Columbia, which was intended to enroll millions of uninsured Americans, would be repealed, and the amount of federal money provided for Medicaid would be capped, endangering coverage for tens of millions of Americans enrolled in Medicaid. The plan does away with the mandate that virtually all Americans obtain health insurance or pay a penalty. The mandate is a critically important element of reform because it drives young and healthy people into the insurance pools, making it possible to reduce the cost of premiums for the old and the ill. The Republicans, in eliminating the mandate, are simply hoping that insurers will offer up a batch of low-cost policies that don't provide comprehensive benefits and will attract young and healthy consumers who don't expect to need much medical care.
The exchanges on which consumers currently shop for private insurance would be eliminated, and no federal funds could be used to establish alternative websites; people would have to rely on brokers and private-sector websites unless a state funded its own website. One way the Republicans plan to reduce the number of uninsured people is by allowing states to enroll those who receive federal tax credits in a randomly chosen plan with a premium exactly equal to the tax credit. While this means there would be no cost to the individual in terms of premium payments, the insurance might not be worth much. Insurers could raise the deductibles and co-payments to very high levels, leaving consumers with bare-bones catastrophic coverage that might not prove adequate in a medical or financial crisis.
A human rights lawyer has said the ruling over a Belfast bakery which refused to make a cake celebrating gay marriage could force people with religious beliefs to break the law rather than adhere to their chosen doctrine, the Telegraph reports.
The cake, which featured Sesame Street characters Bert and Ernie with their arms around each other and a slogan supporting gay marriage, was ordered for International Day Against Homophobia.
Aiden O'Neill QC said there was a risk that the case taken by Gareth Lee and supported by the Equality Commission of Northern Ireland could undermine freedom of conscience.
And they compared it to the execution of Sir Thomas More after they refused to acknowledge Henry VIII as Head of the Church of England, saying that Commission's case ignored human rights in its bid to eliminate discrimination – even if that means discriminating against people who hold religious beliefs.
The case has led the DUP in Northern Ireland to put forward a proposal which would give businesses an exclusion from discrimination law enabling them to turn down work should it go against their religious convictions. Supporters of the “conscience clause” say it is needed to protect freedom of beliefs but others say it just legalises discrimination, particularly against gay people.
“Their refusal to endorse this opinion – to protect their negative freedom of expression – has resulted in the State, in the form of the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland, funding court action against them which seeks to stigmatise as unlawful and render unactionable the defendants' religious beliefs and political opinions,” Mr O'Neill wrote.
“If the approach of the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland … were correctly based in law (which I do not consider it to be) then on the basis that the law does not protect the fundamental right, within the commercial context of supplying services, to hold opinions nor guarantee any negative freedom of expression, there would be no defence to similar actions being taken against individuals or companies supplying services in any of the following scenarios which have been presented to me.”
The lawyer detailed several scenarios which could occur should the Commission win against the bakery including forcing a Muslim printer to take on a contract requiring them to print the cartoons of Mohammed or a lesbian t-shirt company being forced to make t-shirts saying gay people are an “abomination”.
Their opinions were welcomed by Colin Hart, the director of the Christian Institute, who said: “The strength and clarity of the advice from Mr O'Neill, who has a national reputation for their human rights expertise, should set off the alarm bells in this Government quango.
“It spells out the very real dangers and far-reaching implications for freedom of speech.
“But the equality watchdog seems determined to force people to use their creative skills to promote a political because they fundamentally disagree with.
“This family run bakers serve gay customers all the time but they didn't want to promote gay marriage.”
Talk about getting into the holiday spirit.
A Vancouver Canucks fan set up a GoFundMe page to pay the $5,000 fine Brandon Prust received for spearing Boston Bruins forward Brad Marchand over the weekend.
Here's what the page says:
These ones for Brandon Prust of the Vancouver Canucks. We the fans of the Vancouver Canucks, agree to pay for the fine against Brad Marchand of the Boston Bruins. Will surrender account to Brandon or Maripier Morin. As well as any NHL or Canucks department that deals with this so we can properly pay their fine. Anything donated will go to Brandons charity and Canucks For Kids fund. Lets spread some holiday cheer to the families of Montreal and Vancouver!
Prust, earning $2.5 million this season, probably doesn't need the help, and also doesn't seem to be concerned about the fine. They ripped Marchand for embellishing the hit and also called it the best money he's ever spent.
At the time of this post, the page had received $85, so there's still plenty of work to be done.
H. Ledford
“Whoosh!” bragged geneticist Michael Myre, spreading their fingers and pushing their hands away from their body. “That's what they'll do.”
‘Whoosh' is not a word often applied to the slime mould Dictyostelium discoideum — affectionately called ‘Dicty' by its devoted following of cell biologists and geneticists — but Myre, a researcher at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts, was feeling confident. It was 16 May, the start of the great Dicty World Race, and Myre had faith that their entry would be the first to glide across the finish line of the 800-micrometre-long track.
The results, announced today, show that Myre was not far off in their prediction. Their strains, which lack a Dicty gene that is similar to a human gene linked to a childhood neurological disorder called Batten disease, placed fourth in the race. The champion was a strain from the Netherlands, engineered to be more sensitive to a signaling molecule used in the race as a chemical attractant.
D. discoideum is called a ‘social amoeba' because single cells swarm together to form multi-cellular structures. That behaviour also makes the cells ideal models of cell movement and migration. Biochemist Arjan Kortholt of the University of Groningen, a member of the team that submitted the fleet-pseudopodded winning strain, says that when Dicty hits its stride it moves like an ice skater, with a right-then-left gliding motion.
The Dicty World Race encouraged genetic and chemical doping — anything that would help researchers learn more about what makes the slime moulds swift and smart as they scurried through the maze-like race track and dashed towards high concentrations of a signaling molecule called cyclic-AMP.
The race also pitted Dicty against leukemia cells called HL60 cells. Those cells are typically faster than Dicty but have more difficulty negotiating complex mazes.
Bioengineer Daniel Irimia of the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston hosted the race in their lab, and said they hoped the effort would call attention to the research while also introducing the community to tools they could use to standardize their cell migration assays. Kortholt says the race particularly captured the imagination of students, and they think may have attracted a few to their laboratory.
The winning team gets US$5000 and an opportunity to speak at the annual Dicty meeting in Germany this August. Kortholt says their team also plans to celebrate with drinks this week, and a barbeque, weather permitting.
Videos of all the contestants are available at the Dicty World Race site.
JsonElement. There are 4 types JSON elements. In this article I am going to explain how to read JSON with JAVA using Google-json library . The basic part of the JSON isThere are 4 types JSON elements. Json Object : Surrounded with curly braces and have child JSON elements Json Primitive Element : It contains field name and it's value Json Array Element : It contains field name and array of JSON elements. Json Null Element : It contains nothing Program Flow for JSON reading is shown in the below diagram. If element is JSON Object then iterate it into field names and JSON elements and process those JSON elements. If element is JSON Array then iterate it into JSON elements and process those JSON elements. If element is JSON Primitive then print its value as String
Java Code :
In the below example there are 3 JSON input strings, One is normal JSON String, Second-one is JSON Array, Third-one is Null.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal appeals court on Thursday seemed likely to side with voting rights groups seeking to block Kansas, Georgia and Alabama from requiring residents to prove they are U.S. citizens when registering to vote using a national form.
Judges hearing arguments in the case considered whether to overturn a decision by a U.S. election official who changed the form's proof-of-citizenship requirements at the behest of the three states, without public notice.
The dispute is part of a slew of challenges this year that civil rights groups have brought against various state voting laws they claim are designed to dampen turnout among minority groups that tend to favor Democrats. Those challengers have already succeeded in stopping voter ID requirements in North Carolina and Texas and restrictions elsewhere.
In the citizenship case, a coalition including the League of Women Voters and civil rights groups say the requirement to show proof undermines efforts to register new voters and deprives eligible voters of the right to vote in federal elections.
A federal judge in July refused to block the requirement while the case is being decided.
Two of the three judges hearing the case at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit suggested the citizenship requirement can pose a tough hurdle for many eligible voters.
“The change clearly adds to the tasks to be performed to get someone registered,” said Judge Stephen Williams. They suggested opponents had shown voters would suffer “irreparable harm” if the requirement were not dropped.
Judge Judith Rogers said there was evidence the requirement actually decreased the number of people who could register to vote. They cited Kansas data that 17,000 residents are on a “suspension” list of people who began, but have not completed, the voter registration process.
At issue is the move by Brian Newby, executive director of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, to change the federal form shortly after they took the job last November. Newby is a former Kansas election official who had publicly supported the state's effort to change the federal registration form.
By contrast, people registering to vote in other states need only to swear that they are citizens, but do not have to show birth certificates or other documents as proof. Alabama and Georgia are not currently enforcing their proof-of-citizenship laws.
Opponents say Newby had no authority to take the action on their own. Even the Justice Department has refused to defend Newby's action and has sided with voting rights groups.
Michael Keats, an attorney representing those groups, told the judges that Newby's conduct “threw the entire structure of the agency out.” They said such changes must be approved by at least three of the independent agency's four commissioners.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach argued in favor of the change, saying Kansas voter rolls have risen overall and that any argument that the requirement is affecting the ability of some to register is speculative.
The EAC was created in 2002 to help avoid a repeat of the disputed 2000 presidential election between George W. Bush and Al Gore following ballot confusion in Florida. It is supposed to have four commissioners, two Democrats and two Republicans, but one of the Democratic seats is currently vacant.
Judge A. Raymond Randolph noted that the commissioners had not taken steps to overrule Newby's action.
Scientists at Washington University have developed a genetic test that can be used to detect practically any virus known to infect humans.
It could be especially useful for quickly identifying the cause of deadly disease outbreaks or helping a patient whose disease has eluded diagnosis.
The new test builds on an existing technique called metagenomic shotgun sequencing, which allows researchers to sequence all of the genes in a patient's sample — not just the person's own genetic material, but also that of any microbes they may be carrying.
Senior study author and infectious disease specialist Gregory Storch said the technique has revolutionized the study of the human microbiome — the trillions of bacteria, viruses, and other microorganisms that live in and on our bodies.
But disappointingly, metagenomic shotgun sequencing has failed to detect some viruses, particularly those that were present only at very low levels — until now. "We've developed a way of dramatically enhancing the sensitivity of the technique for detecting viruses," Storch said.
They did it by using nucleic acid probes — as Storch puts it, a "cocktail" of literally two million fragments of genetic material — to "capture" the viral DNA and other types of nucleic acid before sequencing it. "We knew that we were sometimes missing viruses that were actually there," Storch said. "And now, with the new capture technique, we are detecting those viruses." The Washington University research team has made the composition of the genetic "cocktail" on which their test is based publicly available so that other researchers can use it in their work.
The power of metagenomic sequencing is that you don't have to know in advance which virus you're looking for. "Current molecular techniques that are used for diagnosis depend on knowing in advance," Storch said. "If a doctor wants to look for herpes in a sample, the doctor orders a test for herpes. If the doctor wants to look for influenza, they order a test for influenza. Those tests will detect the virus they're looking for, but they won't detect any other viruses."
The new test doesn't require a doctor to predict which virus is infecting a patient. Storch said that means it could prove particularly useful for diagnosing difficult cases or understanding an outbreak of disease. "Let's say a new disease like SARS is occurring and people don't know what's causing it, but think it might be a virus," Storch said. "This technique could be used to determine the cause of the outbreak."
Storch said the test can even detect a virus that has never been seen before — as long as it is at least partially genetically similar to a known virus.
And the test doesn't just work on people. "The technique that we developed actually detects any virus that infects vertebrate animals," Storch said. In other words, veterinarians could find it useful too.
Storch expects it will be at least several years before the new technique is available for clinical use. And the test is expensive, so it would likely be reserved for cases in which more routine tests have failed to produce a diagnosis. "We are moving forward in setting up a research study where we would use it on specific patients," Storch said. "These would be patients who have very unusual diseases where the physician suspects an infection, but the existing tests aren't giving an answer."
Development of the new genetic test was funded by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and is described in the journal Genome Research.
Follow Véronique LaCapra on Twitter: @KWMUScience
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Laurent Koscielny has revealed they will require daily treatment on an Achilles injury for the rest of their career.
The 31-year-old was diagnosed with chronic tendinitis in both feet by the French Football Federation during an international break in October 2014.
Koscielny missed eight games at the time before returning to action and although they have featured regularly thereafter – making at least 38 appearances per season – the centre-back has suffered several Achilles problems since.
The latest occasion came just last month when they limped off at half-time of Arsenal's 2-2 draw against Manchester City. They were subsequently sidelined for two games.
Koscielny will not risk participation in Tuesday's Premier League match against Sunderland due to tightness in their right calf, principally with a view to ensuring readiness for Sunday's clash against Everton and the FA Cup Final six days later.
And after consulting with medical staff at Arsenal in recent seasons, Koscielny has come to terms with the knowledge their Achilles condition will require close management until the day they retire.
“I have some problems,” they said. “Now it is better. I know it is a difficult injury because you need to work every day on this. Every morning I have my treatment for my Achilles and I know I need to do this to the end of my career.
“Now, every day I do this and it is OK but sometimes with all the games we play every three days, it is difficult and I need to have a rest to recover well for my Achilles. That's why last time I was injured but now it is OK with this.
“It is not difficult but you need to be careful with this because if you stop doing your own exercise programme for one or two weeks, the problem will come back. I know now I need to do this every day to be fit for my team.
“I am prepared to miss Sunderland to be fit for the last two games of this season. Sometimes it is better to miss one game to be fit for the others.”
In Pictures | Stoke City vs Arsenal | 13/05/17 37 show all In Pictures | Stoke City vs Arsenal | 13/05/17 1/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 2/37 Getty Images 3/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 4/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 5/37 AFP/Getty Images 6/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 7/37 Getty Images 8/37 Getty Images 9/37 Getty Images 10/37 Getty Images 11/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 12/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 13/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 14/37 AFP/Getty Images 15/37 Getty Images 16/37 Getty Images 17/37 Getty Images 18/37 Getty Images 19/37 Getty Images 20/37 Getty Images 21/37 Getty Images 22/37 Getty Images 23/37 Getty Images 24/37 Getty Images 25/37 Getty Images 26/37 PA 27/37 AFP/Getty Images 28/37 Getty Images 29/37 Getty Images 30/37 Getty Images 31/37 Getty Images 32/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 33/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 34/37 Getty Images 35/37 Getty Images 36/37 Getty Images 37/37 Getty Images 1/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 2/37 Getty Images 3/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 4/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 5/37 AFP/Getty Images 6/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 7/37 Getty Images 8/37 Getty Images 9/37 Getty Images 10/37 Getty Images 11/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 12/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 13/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 14/37 AFP/Getty Images 15/37 Getty Images 16/37 Getty Images 17/37 Getty Images 18/37 Getty Images 19/37 Getty Images 20/37 Getty Images 21/37 Getty Images 22/37 Getty Images 23/37 Getty Images 24/37 Getty Images 25/37 Getty Images 26/37 PA 27/37 AFP/Getty Images 28/37 Getty Images 29/37 Getty Images 30/37 Getty Images 31/37 Getty Images 32/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 33/37 Arsenal FC via Getty Images 34/37 Getty Images 35/37 Getty Images 36/37 Getty Images 37/37 Getty Images
The Gunners must win their final two League matches and hope either Manchester City or Liverpool drop points to ensure Arsenal do not miss out on a top four finish for the first time since Wenger took charge.
Fans are being urged to boycott this evening's match in protest at the prospect of Arsene Wenger extending their 21-year stay at the club beyond the end of the season. There are expected to be at least 10,000 empty seats and Koscielny admitted the uncertainty over the manager's future has affected some of their team-mates.
“It is a difficult situation, we don't know what happens with the boss,” they said. “But we are professional, we are salaried to this club and we just want to have the best result for this club – not to think about other situations or this situation of the boss.
“We are all in the same boat and the captain is Arsenal. We need to fight for this club and don't think about what is happening with the boss or the players. This is a situation, maybe some players don't feel great, but you need to be focused on our job and have the best results for Arsenal.”
The Gunners are expected to confirm their first summer signing in the coming days – offering the clearest indication yet that Wenger will stay on next term – after Schalke left-back Sead Kolasinac agreed a five-year contract to join on a free transfer.
The 23-year-old is set to switch clubs when their current deal with the Bundesliga side expires on July 1 and Koscielny believes the move is an indication Arsenal will still be able to attract top players even if they fail to qualify for the Champions League next season.
“I think that they know the players they want,” they added. “They know for a long time so I think if we are qualified or not for the Champions League they have targets in their head and they will do everything to have the best players for us, a player who can help the team to be better and who can change the team to have some more positive results for this club. Would Kolasinac do that? I hope!”
There are plenty of Android tablets out there, but you could certainly do a lot worse than the Advent Vega with its Tegra 2 innards and £199 ($326) asking price. You may take issue with its outdated OS, but thankfully a couple of hackers have replaced the Vega's antiquated Android 2.2 with a heaping helping of Honeycomb. It's currently an alpha release, so while widgets and apps are working well, camera capabilities, screen rotation, web-surfing on WiFi, and most everything else is currently off limits. There's still plenty of work to be done, but seeing Advent's slate running buttery smooth Android 3.0 with aplomb (even if unofficially) makes us think it's a better bargain than ever before. Check out how the Vega looks sporting its slick new threads in the video after the break.
As an April Fool's joke, natural food brand Annie's announced the (totally fake) upcoming release of an altered version of its popular boxed macaroni and cheese: Fannie's Bunny Butts in Butter Sauce.
Most April Fool's pranks, when exposed as jokes, inspire a collective sigh of relief: Pizza Hut's Pepperoni Pilsner beer, anyone?! But Annie's fans were sad to learn that “Bunny Butts” would not be coming to a dinner table near them. In fact, so many of the brand's fans expressed their grief via social media since April that Annie's decided to just give the people what they want.
What they want, apparently, is buttered bunny butts.
“It started off as a joke,” the brand says on its Facebook page, “But our fans were 100% serious. You asked for it, we're making it happen…No butts about it.”
The brand even provides a form you can fill out so that you can be “the first to know” when the product becomes available.
As ridiculous as this all may seem, it's really a new twist on Marketing 101 — listen to your customers. These purple boxes of cottontail-shaped pasta are the embodiment of successful customer relations.
Of course, we'll totally be buying a box…or five.
A woman cycles past the building of the State Bank in Hanoi, Vietnam May 7, 2015. Vietnam devalued the dong currency for the second time this year on Thursday to support exports and curb import demand which has left it with a trade deficit. Photo: Reuters The State Bank of Vietnam devalued the dong for the second time this year in a bid to maintain export competitiveness.
The central bank cut its reference rate 1 percent to 21,673 dong a dollar, effective Thursday, it said in a statement. The Vietnamese currency is allowed to trade as much as 1 percent either side of the daily fixing, which was also lowered by 1 percent on Jan. 7.
The exchange rate was adjusted “to proactively implement social-economic development targets,” the central bank said in the statement. Governor Nguyen Van Binh said in December that the dong wouldn't be weakened more than 2 percent in 2015.
“It's not really a surprise because the currency has been trading at the top side of the band,” said Irene Cheung, a senior foreign-exchange strategist at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. in Singapore. “The devaluation is not a bad thing because there is some deterioration in the trade balance.”
The dong was little changed at 21,652 a dollar as of 8:39 a.m. in Hanoi, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Vietnam has lowered the mid-point rate for trading its currency on the interbank market by 0.99 percent to 21,673 dong per dollar on Thursday, the central bank said via its data feed on Reuters Eikon system, its second depreciation this year.
Conservative TV host Bill O'Reilly has been caught repeatedly lying about being present at the suicide of a key JFK assassination investigation witness, a week after they were accused of exaggerating the dangers they faced reporting from the Falklands War.
"Bill O'Reilly's a phony, there's no other way to put it," Tracy Rowlett, who worked with O'Reilly at a local Dallas WFAA station during the alleged incident, told Media Matters, an online news website.
READ MORE:‘Combat zone tales': Fox News' O'Reilly in 10-minute rant, another journo speaks out
The suicide victim is George de Mohrenschildt, a picaresque Russian émigré, who was on friendly terms with both the family of Jackie Kennedy and the assassin of John F. Kennedy, Lee Harvey Oswald. They reportedly cooperated for decades with the CIA.
O'Reilly vividly describes going out to question de Mohrenschildt just hours before their death in 'Killing Kennedy,' a bestselling investigative book they published in 2012. They have also recounted the incident on their Fox News program.
“In March 1977 a young television reporter at WFAA in Dallas began looking into the Kennedy assassination. As part of their reporting they sought an interview with the shadowy Russian college professor who had befriended the Oswalds upon their arrival in Dallas in 1962,” O'Reilly wrote in 'Killing Kennedy,” one of nearly twenty “non-fiction” tomes they have authored.
“The reporter traced de Mohrenschildt to Palm Beach, Florida and travelled there to confront him. At the time de Mohrenschildt had been called to testify before a congressional committee looking into the events of November 1963. As the reporter knocked on the door of de Mohrenschildt's daughter's home, they heard the shotgun blast that marked the suicide of the Russian, assuring that their relationship with Lee Harvey Oswald would never be fully understood.”
“By the way, that reporter's name is Bill O'Reilly.”
While the just-too-late arrival makes for a dramatic narrative, there are multiple witnesses to prove that O'Reilly's story is completely untrue.
"He was not up on the porch when they heard the gunshots, they were in Dallas. They aren't traveling at that time," said Rowlett.
"I don't remember O'Reilly claiming that they were there. That came later, that must have been a brain surge when they were writing the book."
Another WFAA reporter went even further.
“He stole that article out of the newspaper. I guarantee Channel 8 didn't send them to Florida to do that story because it was a newspaper story, it was broken by the Dallas Morning News," said Byron Harris, who is still at the Dallas TV station.
In fact, O'Reilly's anecdote was initially questioned two years ago, when the JFK Facts website compared their retelling with the publicly available phone recordings of Gaeton Fonzi, the congressional investigator who was due to question de Mohrenschildt when they killed himself.
The vaults contain a conversation between Fonzi and O'Reilly hours after the Russian aristocrat's death, in which the journalist – who obviously knows nothing about the details of the suicide – clearly fishes for any leads, while admitting they have been researching the story by phone, and saying they were only planning to come to Florida.
O'Reilly 'tired of all the garbage'
A reporter's aggrandizing yarn from nearly four decades ago might have been allowed to slip unnoticed, if O'Reilly hadn't already been under fire for poor journalistic ethics, and hadn't denied the charges with such indignant vehemence – and threats.
READ MORE: Fox News' Bill O'Reilly under fire over ‘combat zone tales' accusations
In the wake of the lying charges against NBC anchor Brian Williams, left-leaning Mother Jones decided to dig up dirt on an icon of the Right. Last week, the magazine published a story questioning O'Reilly's frequent claims that they were in a “combat situation” during the 1982 Falklands conflict.
As it turns out, O'Reilly never visited the Falklands during the war with the UK, but was merely present at a demonstration in Buenos Aires where bullets were fired, after the Argentinian junta surrendered. Moreover, no one was prepared to back up another O'Reilly tale that they “rescued” a wounded cameraman during the incident.
On their program, O'Reilly called David Corn, the author of the article, “a guttersnipe” and “a piece of garbage” who deserves to be “in the kill zone.”
When a New York Times reporter contacted them for a follow-up story, the 65-year-old host purportedly responded with the following quote: “I am coming after you with everything I have. You can take it as a threat.”
Notably, despite refuting the first wave of reports by releasing the footage they shot in 1982, they tried to draw a line under the accusations on Tuesday.
“On a personal note, I'm pretty tired of all the garbage. I think I can say, with certainty, that many of my colleagues here at Fox News are, as well,” said O'Reilly.
Instead, they said they were fighting against an ostensible witch hunt.
READ MORE: The Ultimate Guide to Mainstream Media: American TV Networks (P1)
“Attacking Fox News has been going on for 18 years. The reason is fairly simple — Fox gives voice to conservatives and traditional people much more than most national news agencies do.”
“We are putting tremendous pressure on the Obama administration to fight the terror savages. And with Hillary Clinton coming up in 2016...if the network wasn't around, what would happen?”
Unlike NBC, which served Williams with a lengthy suspension, the Rupert Murdoch-founded Fox has so far stood by O'Reilly.
As for their colleagues, they believe the roots of O'Reilly's current unraveling could be seen even in 1977.
"It was my experience with O'Reilly that they were less than an honest reporter, generally. They were the most disliked person in our newsroom. They aren't to be trusted, they were all about Bill O'Reilly, they aren't about the news," said Rowlett.
Recently it's been raining pretty hard here in California, but winter here is nothing compared to the winters we have back in Russia. So, when the rain stopped today, I had a serious craving to grill some of this Italian Lemon Summer Chicken. The flavor reminds me so much of summer, and grilling in the middle of winter – I had to take advantage of the California weather while I'm here.
We had chicken like this when I was growing up; the recipe evolving from a restaurant my mother worked at in their youth, started by airline worker friends who saved up thousands of little airline bottles of liquor from cleaning the planes after the flights and quit their jobs to create a new restaurant. There's no alcohol in this recipe, but if you get the impulse to have cocktails out of miniature glasses, that may be why. This is another one of my favorite healthy grilled chicken recipes that adds variety to the chicken options. So, without further delay, return your trays and chairs to their upright position, stow any personal items in the overhead compartments or under the chair in front of you and prepare for landing at our next destination – American Flavor!
The ingredients are very simple and inexpensive for this meal. Here's what you will need: Italian Summer Chicken
1 whole chicken
1/4 cup (4Tbsp) butter.
1 lemon
2 Tbsp dried Italian seasoning (Marjoram, Thyme, Rosemary, Savory, Sage, Oregano, and Basil)
Start by cutting the chicken into 8 pieces (plus 2 tenders). I explained this butchering method in one of my previous posts. How to Butcher a Whole Chicken. Starting with a chicken cut into these pieces allows us to monitor the cooking temperature of each piece individually and have flavor sounding each one.
Once we start the fire in the grill, or start heating up the grill pan, start preparing the sauce by cutting 1 lemon in half and squeezing all the juice into a bowl.
The History Wars are back, resurrected by the College Board's decision to replace a brief and flexible set of guidelines for its AP U.S. History (APUSH) Exam with a lengthy, highly directive, and thoroughly politicized “Framework.” Today's New York Times features an op-ed by James R. Grossman, executive director of the American Historical Association, hitting back at critics of the new Framework, including me. I'll be posting a response to Grossman in time. Right now, however, I want to highlight a significant development.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ralph Ketcham, distinguished American historian and author of a classic biography of James Madison, is the lead author of a White Paper released today by Boston's Pioneer Institute. The report is titled, Imperiling the Republic: the Fate of U.S. History Instruction Under Common Core. In it, Ketcham and their co-authors Anders Lewis and Sandra Stotsky offer a deep and biting critique of the new AP U.S. History Framework. Here, I'll discuss Ketcham's response to APUSH, leaving the question of the relationship between APUSH and Common Core for another time.
To see what Ketcham has to say about the College Board's new APUSH Framework, read pages 16-18 of the White Paper. Here I'll simply present Ketcham's bottom line assessment, along with their recommendations for action.
According to Ketcham, U.S. history has been “completely distorted” in the new APUSH Framework. They continue:
. . . a core part of American history (the philosophical and historical antecedents to the Constitutional period, as well as the contentious issues with which the Framers grappled) has been deliberately minimized or distorted by the College Board in its redesigned AP U.S. History curriculum. How did a nation that once believed the learning of history was fundamental to the success of a democracy become a nation in which the evolution of democracy and of a republican form of government is minimized, ignored, left to chance, or politicized?
Toward the conclusion of their analysis of the APUSH Framework, Ketcham summarizes:
To paraphrase a Sergio Leone movie, the new APUSH curriculum represents the bad and the ugly but not the good of American history. The result is a portrait of America as a dystopian society—one riddled with racism, violence, hypocrisy, greed, imperialism, and injustice. Stories of national triumph, great feats of learning, and the legacies of some of America's great heroes—men and women who overcame many obstacles to create a better nation—are either completely ignored or given brief mention.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the run-up to their analysis of the Framework, Ketcham provides a fascinating account of the importance of history to the Framers, and of the way in which history has been taught in different American eras. It is a history of the teaching of American history. This material is well worth a read, particularly at this moment.
Ketcham's “history of American history” constitutes an answer of sorts to one of James Grossman's central points. Grossman contrasts the claims of “respectful veneration” and our thirst for historical heroes with the need for “critical engagement.” Clearly, Grossman favors more criticism and less veneration. Yet in posing the alternatives this way, Grossman misses the mark.
American history is indeed filled with admirable heroes and achievements worthy of genuine and continued respect. Yet the most important reason for studying the Founders and the principles of our Constitutional system is that healthy republican government depends upon public knowledge of its historical and intellectual foundations. This was a central insight of the Founders, and of early American educators, as Ketcham makes clear.
In giving short shrift to the background and development of America's founding principles, the new AP U.S. history Framework does far more than merely debunk or neglect stories of genuine heroism. By leaving out a proper account of the principles and history of our democracy, along with its genuine achievements, the new AP U.S. History Framework undercuts the development of the sort of informed citizenry required by a healthy democracy.
Advertisement
In response to the College Board's attempt to impose so egregiously biased and civically impoverished a curriculum on the nation — in defiance of cherished traditions of state and local control – Ketcham and their co-authors recommend that “state boards of education, governors, and state legislatures . . . disallow public schools to use” the College Board's new APUSH Framework. In its place, the authors recommend instituting a variety of history courses for all students, broadly inspired by Paul Gagnon's book, Educating Democracy.”
Of course, it will be difficult for any single state to withdraw from the AP U.S. History program. On the other hand, once a movement begins and one large state (perhaps Texas) or several states withdraw from APUSH, the College Board would very likely be forced to delay or abandon its new Framework.
Advertisement
I've given you Ketcham's bottom line, but do have a look at their brief, biting, and enlightening analysis of the new APUSH Framework. Then compare it to some of the already published reactions to the Framework. It's a safe bet that this debate will not be going away anytime soon.
Advertisement
— Stanley Kurtz is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and can be reached at comments.kurtz@nationalreview.com.
WINDSOR, CT — Using the broad powers granted under the USA PATRIOT Act, the FBI demanded that 4 librarians produce private information about library patrons' reading habits, then used an endless gag order to force them to remain silent about the request for the rest of their lives under penalty of prison time.
In July 2005, two FBI agents came to the office of the Library Connection, located in Windsor, Connecticut. The Library Connection is a nonprofit co-op of library databases that arranges record-sharing between 27 different libraries. It facilitates book rental tracking and other services.
The FBI handed Library Connection's executive director George Christian a document which demanded that they produce “any and all subscriber information, billing information and access logs of any person or entity” that had used library computers between 4:00 p.m. and 4:45 p.m. on February 15, 2005, in any of the 27 libraries whose computer systems were managed by the Library Connection.
The FBI was demanding that the library hand over private data on library patrons en masse “to protect against international terrorism.”
The document that Mr. Christian was given was a so-called National Security Letter (NSL), a type of administrative subpoena for personal information — self-written by the FBI without any probable cause or judicial oversight. The legal framework for these powerful NSLs was established by Section 505 of the USA PATRIOT Act in 2001.
What's more, Mr. Christian was placed under a perpetual gag order. The NSL prohibited the recipient “from disclosing to any person that the F.B.I. has sought or obtained access to information or records under these provisions.” The gag order was broad enough that it was a crime to discuss the matter to any other person — for life. The USA PATRIOT Act allows for this suppression of speech, and issues a punishment of up to 5 years in prison for anyone caught violating the endless gag order.
When Mr. Christian received the NSL, they were unsure about whether or not they could even consult a lawyer or their board of directors. Technically, the gag order did indeed prevent any such discussion.
The only reason we know about this case today is because Mr. Christian and 3 other library board members fought back in court. The other librarians involved were Barbara Bailey, president of the Library Connection; Peter Chase, vice president of the Library Connection; and Jan Nocek, secretary of the Library Connection.
The ACLU took up their cause and challenged the validity of the gag order in court. The librarians became known as the Connecticut Four, but could not individually identify for many months. In suing U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, they could only be named “John Doe” and were required to remain in silence about the case under threat of prison time. The case was known as Doe v. Gonzales.
The lawsuit stated that the Library Connection “strictly guards the confidentiality and privacy of its library and Internet records, and believes it should not be forced to disclose such records without a showing of compelling need and approval by a judge.”
“I was shocked by the restraints the gag order imposed on me,” Mr. Christian later told the New York Times.
The four librarians under the gag order were not allowed to communicate with each other by phone or email, and were not even allowed to tell their own families about the case.
In fact, the librarians were even barred from attending the court hearings on the very precedent-setting lawsuit with which they were involved. In an interview with Democracy Now, Mr. Christian described the miniscule amount of participation they and the other plaintiffs were allowed in the case:
When we first sued the Attorney General, I told our attorneys I'd like to be in the courtroom. After all, I'm the plaintiff. And they said no. They had talked to the judge. That would not be allowed, because then our identity could be guessed. But the judge did allow us to go to a courtroom in Hartford, sixty miles away, where we were locked in a room with a security guard and able to watch our case on a monitor. But as the plaintiffs, we were not allowed in the courtroom. …The release of our identity would be considered a national security threat, because, they reasoned then, whoever they were interested in would realize that the FBI was closing in, although, with twenty-six libraries, I doubt they could really make that a case. We did get to attend the appellate court, along with Nick Merrill. We didn't know at that time whether Nick was a male or a female. We were instructed to enter the courtroom in New York independently, to enter the building independently, not to sit with each other, not to have eye contact, not to have eye contact with our attorneys. But at least we could participate in the audience and watch our case being argued.
“Our presence in the courtroom was declared a threat to national security,” Mr. Chase related.
The gag served to legally prevent Mr. Christian from personally testifying before Congress about the effects of the USA PATRIOT Act before the law's reauthorization in March of 2006. It passed through Congress easily and was signed once again by President George W. Bush.
Appellate judges were clearly disturbed by the breadth of the NSL gag provisions. One appellate judge wrote, “A ban on speech and a shroud of secrecy in perpetuity are antithetical to democratic concepts and do not fit comfortably with the fundamental rights guaranteed American citizens… Unending secrecy of actions taken by government officials may also serve as a cover for possible official misconduct and/or incompetence.”
Sensing a potential legal defeat, the government took the steps necessary to preserve its powers. Only a few weeks after the USA PATRIOT Act was renewed, the FBI abandoned the Library Connection case and voluntarily lifted the librarians' gag order. This eliminated the possibility that the NSL provisions could be struck down in court, protecting the USA PATRIOT Act from further judicial scrutiny. In May 2006, the four librarians broke their silence at last.
“As a librarian, I believe it is my duty and responsibility to speak out about any infringement to the intellectual freedom of library patrons,” said Mr. Chase. “But until today, my own government prevented me from fulfilling that duty.”
“By withdrawing the gag order before the court had made a decision, they withdrew the case from scrutiny,” Mr. Chase said.
Ms. Nocek described the dilemma to a reporter: “Imagine the government came to you with an order demanding that you compromise your professional and personal principles. Imagine then being permanently gagged from speaking to your friends, your family or your colleagues about this wrenching experience… Under the Patriot Act, the FBI demanded internet and library records without showing any evidence or suspicion of wrongdoing to a court of law. We were barred from speaking to anyone about the matter and we were even taking a risk by consulting with lawyers.”
“The fact that the government can and is eavesdropping on patrons in libraries has a chilling effect,” said Mr. Christian, “because they really don't know if Big Brother is looking over their shoulder.”
“While the government's real motives in this case have been questionable from the beginning,” said Ann Beeson, Associate Legal Director of the ACLU, “their decision to back down is a victory not just for librarians but for all Americans who value their privacy.”
The result could only be considered a partial victory, however. While the librarians had regained their freedom to speak, they no longer had legal standing to challenge the NSL provisions, meaning that the sweeping power to subpoena and gag American citizens would remain unchecked in the hands of the government — and continue to be used at an alarming rate; tens of thousands of NSLs and gag orders are issued per year in the name of fighting the so-called War on Terror.
{ SUPPORT POLICE STATE USA }
Okay. I know some of you are wondering why we're harping on the Rachel Dolezal story. She's an activist from Washington State/Idaho area–why should we care? Well, for starters, the left does this to us all the time, especially when the chances for Democratic electoral success plummets. Before Dave Weigel joined Bloomberg, they were a writer for Slate–a Washington Post affiliated site–where they wrote a piece about this media-based phenomena. They call it the “GOP Lawmaker Principle”:
As the national electoral plight of Democrats increases, so does the incidence of stories about obscure state Republican lawmakers. Sure, state lawmakers are important. One of the grand ironies of politics is that people are more likely to know the politicians they're distant from (the president) than the ones with portfolios that cover them at the micro level (school board members). Every Congress contains a substantial number of former state legislators, and in this age of declining local media, not many of them have been scrutinized. But as a rule, if you see the phrase "GOP lawmaker" in a headline, your click will usher you into a world of back-benchers from Bismarck and Jackson and Dover and Sacramento, not the people currently threatening to take the Senate back from Democrats. The Lawmakers are anonymous until they screw up, and when they do, they are often easier to grab hold of then, say, front-running South Dakota U.S. Senate candidate Mike Rounds. If the lawmaker were famous, their name might make it into the hed. But he's not famous, so the story is about right-wing insanity that happens to come from a politician who may or may not represent you—click to find out.
Some of the stories about local conservative lawmakers saying insane things are legitimately horrifying–and they're shared a lot on social media–but they mostly satisfy liberal appetites in the blogosphere; they rarely make it into the broadcasts of major news networks. In the Dolezal case, race, deception, and the aberrance of it all are making this quite the development, though I think the last two points are what makes this a story.
Adding to the bizarre factor, Buzzfeed reported that Rachel Dolezal allegedly told their adoptive brother­–Ezra–to “not blow their cover” regarding the new identity they had assumed. They also wanted them to tell folks that they and their other brother were their blood siblings.
Rachel Dolezal's parents, Larry and Ruthanne, appeared on HuffPost Live and said their daughter had a "happy childhood," with a family who loved her, which also included four adopted African-American siblings. So, in this instance, yes, Dolezal is from a transracial, (or more accurately a multiracial) family, but taking certain procedures to make you look black isn't transracial. It's just weird–and it's seemingly indefensible.
Mediaite posted about Dolezal's interview with Sky News, where it appears that they think we little people (aka people who think that it's sort of bizarre to hijack a racial identity) just don't get it when it comes to racial identity–and that they need to “clarify” their situation with the black community, instead of explaining it to “a community that I [Dolezal], quite frankly, don't think really understands the definitions of race and ethnicity.” Regarding those who are questioning their racial identity, they said, “I don't give two s**ts what you guys think.”
Sky News also pointed out how a situation regarding misrepresentation is present when a NAACP chapter president, who claims to be black and the victim of hate crimes, turns out to be a white person. Dolezal said they understand that, but (again) that's really for them to explain to the black community.
Well, for Marc Lamont Hill, this is the “ultimate exercise in white privilege to say ‘I'm gonna be black for a little while.” Hill has also said they don't know Dolezal well, but has been at “settings” with her, and has organized events with them They also said that they have heard them say that only African-Americans should lead the Black Lives Matter movement. It's a total lack of self-awareness.
Michael Jeffries, an associate professor of American Studies at Wellesley College, also delved into the world of white privilege and racism in their op-ed for the Boston Globe, which I'll allow you to read and form your own opinions. Frankly, I've always found the term “white privilege” as a tool for liberals to stomp out debate. In Hill's case, I agree more with the latter part of their quote, regarding Dolezal deciding to act black and perpetuate a fraud. Here's where I agree with Jeffries [emphasis mine]:
Dolezal's transformation was not unconditional; it was commensurate with benefits received for posing as a black person and speaking on black people's behalf. They profited both personally and professionally from passing as black. They applied to Howard University, was understood as black by the admissions office, and given a scholarship. They rose to a position of power in the NAACP, and they serve as chair of a police/community relations commission in their city. In their statements since the story broke, they have endeavored to protect their power, refused to admit that they have misrepresented herself, and cast themselves as a chief authority on the matter of who is and is not black.
Yep, their actions are just like a politician's when they're busted for fraudulent actions.
The Washington Post's Jonathan Capehart wrote about why the whole fiasco was totally avoidable since Dolezal didn't have to pretend to be be black in order to do good regarding social justice:
A white person identifying strongly with African Americans and African American culture is not a problem at all. The more the merrier in understanding who we are and our place in this nation's history. A white person running a chapter of the NAACP is not a problem, either. That's someone so down with the cause that they are putting their time, energy and clout into public activism on behalf of fellow Americans. But a white person pretending to be black and running a chapter of the NAACP is a big problem. ... Dolezal's mother nails it when they told the Spokesman-Review newspaper, “Her effectiveness in the causes of the African-American community would have been so much more viable, and they would have been more effective if they had just been honest with everybody.” Instead Dolezal is a laughingstock and has made a mockery of the work they said they cared about.
Nevertheless, Dolezal plans to address the issues surrounding their ethnicity on Monday. The NAACP has issued a statement standing behind them
When fellow College students describe Nadia Ezaldein, they recall a caring young woman who showered kindness on others.
“She had a thoughtfulness that was unmatched,” said Rachel Silver, AB'13, a close friend and classmate. “She was innately perceptive of the people around them and made you feel safe and at home in their presence.”
Ezaldein, 22, died Nov. 29 of injuries suffered in a shooting incident at a downtown Chicago department store where they worked. The fourth-year was majoring in English language and literature.
“This is heart-rending news, and we extend our deepest sympathies to their family and friends,” Karen Warren Coleman, Vice President for Campus Life and Student Services, wrote in a statement issued Nov. 30 to UChicago students. “Nadia and their whole family will be in the thoughts of many of us during this time.”
In a statement provided to the University, Ezaldein's family thanked the UChicago community for honoring their memory, saying it was a reminder of “why they loved their experience as a student at University of Chicago so much, along with the considerable impact their friends and faculty mentors had on their time there.”
“Words cannot describe the type of person Nadia was in our memory,” the family's statement said. “She was selfless in nearly every sense of that word.”
Them family said one of Ezaldein's big decisions when they enrolled in the College in 2009 was choosing between studying science or the humanities. They decided that they eventually wanted to pursue social justice and law.
Ezaldein's first-year roommate Meher Kairon, AB'13, who came to Chicago from India, remembers how Ezaldein welcomed them “She made our little room in [Max Palevsky Residence Hall] feel like a home away from home,” Kairon said. “She was always ready with a smile, a story and some sass. They refused to let me feel homesick.”
Kairon said Ezaldein once stayed up with them late into the night to bake an elaborate cake for someone, “just because they wanted to make them feel special.” Ezaldein's family said that was not a rare gesture, noting that when they spoke with them late at night, they often are busy proofreading essays and papers for their friends or family members.
“We would plead with them to stop so they could get some sleep for herself,” the family wrote.
Ezaldein also is remembered for their commitment to tutoring neighborhood children, and a sense of ebullience that friends said would fill the room. They were always ready for an impromptu snowball fight or an adventure around campus.
“Nadia had a way to make people feel special and feel loved,” said Emily Yuan, AB'13. “When you make someone feel special and loved, they learn to love themselves a lot more.”
Ezaldein's family wrote that they had an ability to “view people as the best versions of themselves.”
“We hope that their example is one that is shared and remembered,” the family wrote, “and that those who have listened to their story are spurred to achieve closer connections with family and closest friends than ever before.”
The Ezaldein family held a private funeral service.
File photo from Robbie Graham: The 12-foot Great White takes a bite of the tuna head Mr Graham was using to attract bait fish.
File photo from Robbie Graham: The 12-foot Great White takes a bite of the tuna head Mr Graham was using to attract bait fish. Robbie Graham
A BYRON Bay fisherman has survived a terrifying encounter with a massive great white shark after it charged their tinny off Julian Rocks, knocking them into the water.
Robbie Graham was fishing alone close to the Byron landmark on Wednesday morning and was reeling in a tuna when the unthinkable happened, according to friend and fellow amateur fisherman Hoss McGrath.
"This huge shark about 15ft (4.5m) came launching into the side of the boat and knocked them off their feet into the water," Mr McGrath said.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT:
Frequency of shark attacks has surfers scared
Ballina shark attack victim was 'warm, kind, loyal'
The shark struck the back end of the boat, propelling it forward and Mr Graham - who was standing, rod in hand and almost directly above the shark - was sent backwards into the ocean.
Despite copping some heavy bruising to their ribs in the fall overboard, they got out of the water "real quick", Mr McGrath said.
The shark was almost as long as the lifetime local's tinny, but it thankfully never returned for a second "look".
"He was very lucky," Mr McGrath said.
Seriously shaken by the freak incident, Mr Graham returned immediately to shore and notified lifeguards, who promptly closed Main Beach for the rest of the day despite almost perfect swimming conditions.
Local dive and kayaking companies cancelled daily trips, while Byron Bay High School also cancelled its regular Wednesday afternoon snorkelling and surfing activities according to principal Peter King.
Robbie Graham
Mr McGrath said their son had observed a large white shark cruising just 30m from Wategos Beach behind two manta rays.
Last week two professional fishermen working the reef directly off Lennox Point had an astonishing 30 mackerel taken from them in the one session by what they believe was a pair of great whites.
"They said there must have been two of them because they were taking them off two boats at the same time, and these guys were pros," Mr McGrath said.
"You can tell a great white straight away by how round they are; their big barrel body and the huge head on them."
Local surf reporter Ben Bennink said they had seen a couple of big splashes while surfing off Wategos this week "which definitely weren't dolphins".
"It was something turning near the surface at speed," they said.
Mr Bennink warned surfers not to be complacent about sharks.
"Some people, myself included, get complacent at times and treat surfing a bit like a theme park, and it's not; it's a wild environment," they said.
"Just accept them for what they are; they're a top level predator, they're going to do 'sharkie' things.
"I agree with the theory that they're very curious, but the problem with their curiosity is they test things with their teeth.
"It's too late after they spit you back out saying 'that's not good for eating'."
Mr Bennink said their complacency vanished in an instant seven years ago when a bull shark "chased him" out of knee-deep water at The Pass.
Not surprised
LOCAL fisherman Hoss McGrath has had their fair share of great white encounters and says he's not surprised to see great whites around at this time of year despite popular wisdom they are more frequent in the winter months during the whale migration.
They were fishing in the Bay with Mr Graham in 2011 when a big great white circled their boat for several minutes while they were burleying the water with a tuna head.
They filmed the incident, and spotted two more whites on the same day.
"I reckon they're out there all time, I don't believe in the theory that they're only here when the whales are going past," they said.
"You get a lot of kingfish and mackerel and snapper coming into the Bay; they're following them for a feed."
Before the ban on fishing for great whites about 10 years ago, they used to target them on occasions.
"We used to catch them all times of year."
Great whites have also been known on occasion to charge boats, especially moving propellers which they either mistake as prey or want to investigate - with their teeth.
There are many videos on YouTube showing other Great White Shark attacks on fishing boats. (Note - these are not from the encountered in this story above)
A design for a Metroid growth phase, the Aqua Metroid is an adaptation of the Metroid species to an aquatic environment. Was inspired by the Hunter metroid as well as the Gamma stage Metroid.Similar to a deep sea squid, the Aqua Metroid is a deadly hunter in the water. Its three tentacles are used to entangle and capture prey. Once prey has been caught, the Aqua metroid uses a localized electrical discharge to stun its prey, allowing it to feed on the life energy of the creature. If, in the rare instance, that a Aqua metroid is overwhelmed by its prey, it is able to release a massive electrical discharge that electrifies an entire body of water for a short duration. It has a thick Carapace that is able to shrug off many conventional weapons as well as energy weapons as well as no longer being vulnerable to cold.Scale:
Emily Lakdawalla • July 15, 2010
How does Lutetia compare to the other asteroids and comets visited by spacecraft?
Almost a week after Rosetta flew past Lutetia, the asteroid is now a distant pinprick of light to the spacecraft, and the science team is getting down to the business of analyzing their data. To help them place things in context, I've prepared a new version of my "asteroids and comets to scale" image, laid out to be easy to drop into your slide presentation software of choice:
Montage by Emily Lakdawalla. Ida, Dactyl, Braille, Annefrank, Gaspra, Borrelly: NASA / JPL / Ted Stryk. Steins: ESA / OSIRIS team. Eros: NASA / JHUAPL. Itokawa: ISAS / JAXA / Emily Lakdawalla. Mathilde: NASA / JHUAPL / Ted Stryk. Lutetia: ESA / OSIRIS team / Emily Lakdawalla. Halley: Russian Academy of Sciences / Ted Stryk. Tempel 1: NASA / JPL / UMD. Wild 2: NASA / JPL. All asteroids and comets visited by spacecraft as of June 2010 The total of four comets and nine asteroid systems (including ten separate bodies) that have been examined up close by spacecraft are shown here to scale with each other (100 meters per pixel, in the fully enlarged version). Most of these were visited only briefly, in flyby missions, so we have only one point of view on each; only Eros and Itokawa were orbited and mapped completely. When Hartley 2 is added to this montage, it will appear approximately the same size as Dactyl or Braille -- much smaller than the other four comets that have been visited to date (which are grouped in the lower right corner). This image is also available without text, and as a larger version at 20 meters per pixel (8600x6250 pixels, 9.4 MB).
Lutetia is big relative to the others, isn't it? I had to totally rearrange things to accommodate its enormous bulk; you might enjoy comparing this to my previous version of the montage, produced following the Steins flyby.
A word on the Lutetia image: I wanted to use one of the two highest-resolution views captured near closest approach, but both of those views were truncated at the edges because the spacecraft was so close to the asteroid; the asteroid grew too large to fit within OSIRIS' field of view. I used the next-to-last image in the series released by ESA, taken two minutes prior to the closest approach, and borrowed a bit of the image taken about three minutes earlier to fill in the truncated bit. It's not a perfect reconstruction because Lutetia's motion past the asteroid made it appear to rotate between the two images; but it's close enough for this montage. I was aided in this endeavor by Daniel Muller, who was able to calculate range information for me for those four images. With that and OSIRIS' angular resolution of 18.6 microrad per pixel, I figured out the approximate pixel scale of the images (at the center of the visible disk). In case this information will be helpful to anybody else playing around with the photos, here it is:
Time before the closest approach (min:sec) Range (km) Resolution (m/pix) 8:00 8414 156.5 4:40 5635 104.8 2:00 3776 70.2 1:50 3688 66.4
When's the next time the montage will need to be updated? Not very long from now! On November 4, 2010, Deep Impact will fly past 103P/Hartley 2, and we'll have another comet nucleus to add to the lineup. It shouldn't affect the layout much, though, because Hartley 2 will be one of the smaller bodies visited by a spacecraft; its nucleus is estimated to be only a bit over a kilometer across, about the size of Dactyl. Next year, on February 14, Stardust will fly past Tempel 1 again, hopefully giving us a view of the comet nucleus with its new crater, but since Stardust's camera is not as good as Deep Impact's I think it's likely I'll choose not to update the photo.
But next summer, about exactly a year from now, Dawn will arrive at Vesta, the asteroid belt's second-largest resident. And while Vesta is technically an asteroid, it won't make a whole heck of a lot of sense to include it with this montage. To get a sense of how Vesta compares to all the things that we've visited before, here is Vesta and the same montage as above, presented at the same scale of two kilometers per pixel:
How Vesta compares at 2 km per pixel
Of course, Dawn's going to go on to visit Ceres in 2015...here's that one, again at 2 km/pixel...
Ceres at 2 km per pixel
They're just not in the same class, are they?
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
THR.com associate editor Ashley Lee discusses the comedic series with co-creator and star Rachel Bloom.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend co-creator and star Rachel Bloom is the latest participant in The Hollywood Reporter's TV Talks series at New York's 92nd Street Y.
Bloom is sitting down with THR.com associate editor Ashley Lee to discuss the very original romantic comedy series.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, which is currently in the middle of its third season on The CW, follows the life of Yale and Harvard educated lawyer Rebecca Bunch (Bloom), who decides to move from New York City to California to win back their first love, Josh (Vincent Rodriguez III).
As the series has evolved, so has the character of Rebecca. In a recent episode, they attempted to commit suicide, winding up in the hospital and then being diagnosed with borderline personality disorder in a subsequent installment.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend uniquely incorporates original musical numbers into each episode and deconstructs exactly what it means to be “crazy.”
Bloom won a Golden Globe in 2016 for best performance by an actor in a television series – musical or comedy. Crazy Ex-Girlfriend has earned four Emmy nominations and won in the categories of outstanding single-camera picture editing for a comedy series and outstanding choreography in 2016.
Bloom's conversation with Lee kicks off at 8:30 p.m. ET. Watch the live stream here and below.
Stephen Vogt didn't get their first taste of life in the majors until the age of 27, when they made it into 18 games for Tampa Bay. The's acquired them at the start of last season and called them up to the big club from Sacramento midway through the year. And with John Jaso sidelined through much of the second half, Vogt played a pivotal role in the A's pennant run.
Many were disappointed when they started the 2014 season back at Sacramento, including Vogt himself. But after a couple of months, they found their way back to the big leagues and Vogt has once again found themselves in the middle of the action in Oakland. We had the chance to catch up with them in the A's clubhouse during the Bay Bridge series just before the A's were about to win their sixth straight…
AF: You seem to have a knack for coming through and getting a big hit when it counts. Do you look forward to hitting in those pressure situations?
SV: I think that's the dream of any hitter. You want to be hitting with the game online, you want to be hitting with people in scoring position with two outs, you want to be in those pressure at-bats. That's when you drive in runs, that's when it's fun. I wouldn't say I'm any different than anybody else. But I love those situations. I tend to relax in those situations. Being a catcher, I know, as a catcher, you're nervous, pitchers are nervous. So you've just got to be patient and wait for a mistake.
AF: Do you feel that your defense as a catcher has improved or evolved over the past couple seasons since you've been with the A's?
SV: Absolutely. I think just getting traded over here last year and being a catcher for a full season, doing something every day is the best way to get better at something. So, for the first time in my career, I was given the opportunity to catch every day. And so my defense has definitely gotten better because of that…Up until that point, I had never been given the chance to catch every day. But getting that full year of experience catching has really helped me take my defense behind the plate to another level.
AF: Well, you've been back playing a number of different positions again lately. How comfortable are you playing other positions at this point and how much time does it take you to acclimate to playing in other spots?
SV: Yeah, it takes time. But I feel like I'm right back to where I was a couple years ago when I was playing outfield, first and catching every week. So I feel comfortable. Am I as good as some of these other outfielders up here? No. Am I as good as some of the other first basemen up here? No. But I feel like I'm adequate and serviceable in the outfield or at first. And I feel like I'm going to make the routines plays, but I'm not going to be climbing any walls or doing anything that these guys can do.
AF: Now I wanted to ask you about a couple of pitchers. You started last year with Sonny Gray at Sacramento and ended the year catching them in the playoffs, and now you're here with them again this year. How have you seen their evolution as a pitcher since you first saw them at Sacramento?
SV: Over the last year, Sonny's learned how to pitch. And I think sometimes back in Sacramento, they could still just throw and get away with it. But ever since the playoffs and down the stretch last year and this year, he's pitching. He's commanding their fastball better, he's throwing their breaking ball better, he's throwing their changeup better. He's just overall a lot better pitcher now as opposed to last year when I first caught them – they were still kind of a thrower.
AF: You were also catching Jesse Chavez last year at Sacramento, and you've seen them go to being a bullpen guy last year and now to a starter this year. Can you tell me a little bit about the evolution you've seen with him?
SV: I don't think there's been much of an evolution to be honest. Last year in Sacramento, as a starter, they were dominant. They were doing what he's doing this year…so for them to do what he's doing now, it's not a surprise to me. I've seen them do that before…He does have starter stuff, and so he's able to do it, and I saw that last year in Sacramento.
AF: So now that you've been back up with the big club for a little while and have had the chance to see the team compete, just how good is this team?
SV: I don't know if I can say how good we are – but it's fun. It's a different feel every night. It's 25 or 30 or however many guys we've had up here so far this year who all we care about is winning. It doesn't matter who gets the big hit, who gets the last out, who gets the hold, who gets the save, who gets the win, as long as we're shaking hands at the end of the game. There's a lot of talent in this room, but there are no superstars – and I think that's what makes this team so special. Donaldson, Cespedes, Moss are having just monster years for us in the middle of the order and they're carrying us offensively, but there are different guys stepping up every night. And I think that's the testament of a true team. If I don't get the job done, somebody right behind me is going to get it done. Everybody has that belief that the guy behind you is going to get it done if you don't…and I think that's just the mark of a good team. We all trust each other and believe in each other, and it's a fun atmosphere to be a part of.
AF: And finally, when you started the first couple months of the season at Sacramento, how much did you miss being around these guys here in Oakland?
SV: A ton. I mean, I love Sacramento and I love the guys down there – the coaching staff is great. But going to the playoffs with this team last year and just feeling like you're a part of the team…I just missed the guys, I missed the atmosphere, I missed the people. And to be back, it's really good.
Be sure to like A's Farm's page on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @AthleticsFarm. You can also get our weekly A's minor league newsletter e-mailed to you free by signing up here.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Google
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Sometimes-out writer Bret Easton Ellis has cast Nash Grier, of homophobic Vine fame, in their new movie, the aptly titled The Deleted.
Grier shot to dubious notoriety for their “clever” Vine videos, which they claim only look hastily created and actually take hours to craft.
Related: Sherry Vine Will Help You Kill Even More Time At Work With New Gay Video Network
Grier landed in controversy over a Vine they made in April 2013. At the time they had 8.7 million followers on the video sharing service. At time of writing, that number has grown to 12.8 million.
In the Vine, Grier is seen yelling, “Yes it is! F*G!” in response to an OraQuick at-home oral HIV test ad, where a man says, “Testing for HIV, it's not a gay thing.”
Fellow internet celeb Tyler Oakley brought it to broader attention when they tweeted, “Call me and people like me, ‘f*g' all you want, but spreading false information about deadly diseases is next level.”
Grier deleted the Vine and issued an apology, saying they were “young, ignorant, stupid, and in a bad place.”
It was not the first time Grier showed themselves to be a homophobe. They also have a history of tweeting things like this:
And this:
But don't worry, because their dad says they aren't homophobic, and also they once kissed a boy for publicity.
Grier recently starred in the movie The Outfield, which was released through video on demand by Fullscreen Films, which is also producing The Deleted, which will be Easton Ellis' full-length directorial debut.
Ellis, most famous for writing novels such as Less Than Zero and American Psycho, has previous directed a couple of shorts and written screenplays for such films as The Canyons and The Curse of Downer's Grove.
They have been cagey about their sexual orientation over the years, but seems to have finally landed on being openly gay. They previously claimed to be straight and bisexual. In a 1999 interview with the LA Times, they claimed they kept their orientation shrouded in mystery for artistic reasons, because it might affect how people take in their work.
Some of their other questionable moments include when they sided with Paris Hilton over their shaming of gay men around the use of hookup and dating app Grindr, responding to the “It Gets Better” campaign by saying it gets worse, saying watching Glee is like “stepping into a puddle of HIV,” and claiming Matt Bomer shouldn't star in 50 Shades of Grey because audiences wouldn't accept them in that role after they came out as gay.
Related: Bret Easton Ellis Is “Sad” They Are Banned From Glaad Awards
This looks like little more than the self-hating gay man trying to make friends with the cool new homophobe kid on the block. Grier gets to show he's not antigay, because how could they be if they are willing to work with a gay man, and even praise them as “the man?”
And Easton Ellis gets to show they are still the edgiest by casting a known homophobe.
Fullscreen Films posted the following video of Grier talking up the project, which is being described as a thriller, with Ellis weirdly lurking in the background. In it an open shirted, hair flipping Grier enthuses about how they have never been so excited to work on a project. Watch below.
We're instructed to get ready for what they've got coming. Yeah, we'll get right on that.
We know, we know. It sounds like the stuff of some high-school kid's nonsense poetry. But 365, as it's called, is a real, live clock by Norwegian-born, Berlin-based designer Siren Elise Wilhelmsen, and it's actually pretty cool. For every day that passes, the clock knits a row; after a year, it whips up an entire 6.5-foot scarf. Think of it as if your granny hijacked the cuckoo clock with their knitting needles.
How it works: The machine's face has a spool of yarn hooked up to a pair of needles that Wilhelmsen programmed using an Arduino board to knit a single mesh on the half hour. When the scarf reaches its full length, you just pop in a new spool.
So, no, it probably won't help you keep appointments. But you'll get a freakishly long scarf out of it. And ostensibly, you could program the thing to make all sorts of knitwear — a complete winter accessories collection, say, or entire ensembles for characters in Wes Anderson movies. It'll only take five years to get there.
On their terrace, which faces west and south, grape and kiwi vines ramble over a pergola, providing leafy shade. By September, clusters of grapes (Swenson Red, Brianna and Lorelei) will dangle overhead, along with smooth kiwifruits the size of large grapes, which taste like pineapple.
Currants abound in Mr. Reich's garden. A red variety called Wilder is trained in a fan shape against a terrace wall; others — which will be crimson, pink and white — are espaliered along the low wooden fence surrounding the kitchen garden. A clove currant bush, five feet high and just as wide, is full of yellow trumpet-shaped flowers that smell of clove and vanilla. By midsummer, it will be covered with satiny little bluish-black berries.
Currant bushes have multiple stems, so they are easy to espalier or train in a fan shape or along a central trunk, with horizontal stems running down a fence or wall. At this time of year, the stems have clusters of tiny pale green flowers that will turn to berries by midsummer.
“I want to eat them, but then I ruin the design,” said Mr. Reich, who prunes them back twice, at the end of June and in winter.
Mr. Reich also introduced me to the lingonberry, a low-growing shrub with shiny green leaves and small pink bell-shaped flowers. Like the blueberry, it's in the heath family, but is red, not blue.
Photo
Mr. Reich harvests the first flush of berries in August; a second wave ripens in early fall. They grow them among low-bush blueberries and dwarf mountain laurel, which form a beautifully textured ground cover around the northwest corner of their house.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On the south side of the property, they are growing about eight varieties of hardy kiwifruit, including a striking variegated species, Actinidia kolomikta, with pink and white splotches on its green leaves. Pawpaws and one persimmon tree grow in a long row facing the kiwis, and the two lines form a grand allée down the grassy field. I didn't realize that the pawpaw tree bloomed on bare branches, with little maroon flowers shaped like Canterbury bells, until I saw them there that day.
“Each flower can make up to nine fruits,” Mr. Reich said. They advised thinning the flower clusters “so that the branches don't break and the remaining fruits get larger.”
Mr. Reich interplanted the pawpaws with European black currant bushes. “The most delicious of fruits,” they said. “Almost resiny, but in a good sense. Super rich. One of the best flavor combinations is black currants and chocolate.”
A pawpaw can grow to 20 feet, in a pyramid-shape that does not require pruning. Its paddle-shaped leaves turn a clear yellow in fall. I was on the fence about the pawpaw, though, until Mr. Reich described their favorite recipe, which involves putting the fruit through a sieve to make it extra smooth, spooning it into custard cups, chilling it and then sprinkling crème de cassis on top.
“It tastes like crème brûlée,” they said.
The flawless flautist: The musical robot that plays Flight Of The Bumblebee perfectly
Classical musicians could have good reason to be worried as scientists have developed a musical robot that makes no mistakes.
Waseda University's robotic flautist can play the challenging musical score of the ‘Flight of the Bumblebee' almost flawlessly.
And the robot has been designed with a human-like quality that allows it to engage with the audience, making in a contender for concert performances.
Flute-tastic: The musical robot plays 'The Flight of the Bumblee' with virtually no mistakes
The Waseda Flutist No. 4 Refined IV was unveiled at the BioRob 2008 conference in Arizona two weeks ago.
Thanks to a series of technical advances, the latest version makes smoother transitions between notes than the original model built in 2003.
The robot's mouth and lungs have been carefully designed to mimic the expert air control of a professional flautist.
High-speed: All of the robots fingers can open and close the flute keys in 8 Hz
The scientists created artificial lips with the elasticity of human lips and embedded pins, which control their shape.
The robot's tongue has been redesigned to enable the double-tonguing technique – the high-speed playing used throughout the famous ‘Flight of the Bumblee'.
It even has an in-built mechanism to create vibrato, which can take human players years to master, that changes the amplitude and frequency of the robot's airflow.
The transition: The WF1 (left, 1990), WF2 (1992) and WF3RIX (2002)
The lungs are composed of two air-tight acrylic cases, with a bellow that allows them to breathe in and out.
And the robot's eyes have two cameras that allow it to interact with the audience and other musicians, so we could soon see it playing duets with people.
Research on the musical robot began in 1990, with the aim that it would eventually rival human musicians.
But the WF-4RIV is more than just a gimmick. The makers hope to make it sophisticated enough to achieve better human-computer interaction and then teach music to pupils.
View video footage of the robot here...
Is your partner clingy? Watch out - they're most likely to be having an affair, says new study
People unable to form secure relationships with parents were affected
Infidelity frequently stems from fear of being abandoned by spouses
Research conducted over four years and includes data from 200 couples
You might think that a clingy partner would be least likely to stray - but you'd be wrong, according to a new study.
In fact, people who are insecure and find it hard to trust are themselves more likely to cheat.
The research, which was conducted by a team at Florida State University and reported in journal Psychology Today, looked at 200 newly married couples over a period of four years.
Anxiety: Those who fear abandonment are more likely to cheat and be cheated on by their partner
Security: Relationships with parents informed future behaviour with romantic partners
During the study, participants were regularly asked to complete a survey that questioned their feelings towards their partner and how secure in the relationship they felt.
Those who displayed needy behaviour and were anxious about being abandoned by their partner were more likely to themselves cheat.
Interestingly, the same was found to be true of the spouses of those who feared abandonment.
The findings have been attributed to another psychological theorem that deals with attachment styles, which are formed during childhood.
Those who enjoyed a stable relationship with their parents develop a 'secure' attachment style which, as an adult, translates to being able to trust that partners will care for them and will make their wellbeing a priority.
By contrast, those who have insecure attachment styles either fear abandonment or battle to retain their independence in a bid to avoid being rejected.
According to Michelle Russell, the psychologist who led the study, those who fear abandonment are both more likely to cheat and be cheated on, as well as displaying more neediness within a relationship.
'Attachment anxiety produces enough of a threat to intimacy to motivate spouses to seek out alternative partners,' they explain.
Interestingly, the same wasn't true for those with the other form of insecure attachment style - greater independence - who were found instead to be the least likely to cheat.
Assange's lawyers lodged an appeal on Wednesday to the Swedish Supreme Court to cancel an arrest warrant issued in 2010, after two women accused the WikiLeaks founder of rape and molestation.
Quashing the warrant would largely end the legal stand-off, which saw the Australian seek refuge in Ecuador's London embassy in 2012, to avoid arrest and likely extradition to Sweden. They did so after losing a legal battle in Britain against the extradition.
The 43-year-old refused to go to Sweden to refute the accusations, which they deny, as they fear Stockholm would extradite them to the US, where they are wanted over their part in WikiLeaks' publishing of classified military, diplomatic and intelligence documents.
Swedish prosecutors have refused to interview Assange in London, insisting they go to Stockholm to be questioned.
In November, a lower Swedish court rejected Assange's request that the extradition request be lifted, saying they should answer questions over the claims. But it did criticize prosecutors for failing "to examine alternative avenues" in the investigation.
Assange's lawyer hopes that taking the case higher in Sweden will end the impasse.
"We have to end this - the situation is completely stalled, and that's the point we raised in our appeal," said Assange's lawyer, Per Samuelsson.
"We are asking the court to give us access to the phone text messages that the two plaintiffs exchanged, and which (prosecutors) possess," Samuelsson said, saying they were certain the contents of the message would prove their client's innocence.
The complex in central London where Assange is exiled has been constantly guarded by police, at a cost reaching millions of pounds.
Last August, Assange told reporters they planned to leave the embassy "soon," without giving reasons for their announcement or disclosing where they would like to go.
jr/gsw (AFP, dpa)
The bar has been set.
In order for the Winnipeg Jets to succeed this season, the team simply needs to get "average goaltending" out of Connor Hellebuyck and new addition Steve Mason, head coach Paul Maurice told TSN.
"In order for them to have that, a couple of things got to happen, maybe three," Maurice added. "We've got to stay out of the penalty box. When we can't stay out of the penalty box, we've got to do a much better job killing penalties."
Maurice may be on to something. Hellebuyck, alongside Michael Hutchinson, allowed 256 goals last season, fourth most in the league. Although it didn't seem to matter how many skaters were on the ice, as Winnipeg allowed the fourth-most goals when on the penalty kill, which was only marginally better than its even-strength rank.
"In our overall five-on-five game, just an adherence to defense and a respect for the defensive part of the game," Maurice added. "Not that we don't have it, but when you're chasing goals and you're chasing the game an awful lot, and you need your goaltender to make that save and you don't get it, then that becomes who you are."
The team hopes its signing of Mason - who spent parts of the past five seasons with the Philadelphia Flyers - can bring a little more stability between the pipes.
"If they (the goalies) can start us at average, we've got to do everything we can to help our goaltenders to get us to the middle of the pack, and then we'll push from there," Maurice added.
Whether or not the change in goal will help the high-flying Jets will be answered soon enough. The team kicks off its season Wednesday against the Toronto Maple Leafs, with Mason getting the nod as the starter.
An owner of a northern Wisconsin property proposed as the site of an iron ore mine said Monday they think it will take several years before a new mining company moves in with plans for a large open pit mine in Ashland and Iron counties. Credit: Journal Sentinel files
SHARE
By of the
An owner of a northern Wisconsin property proposed as the site of an iron ore mine said Monday they think it will take several years before a new mining company moves in with plans for a large open pit mine in Ashland and Iron counties.
Inevitably, said David Adams, president of LaPointe Iron Co., someone will mine the rich source of iron ore in Wisconsin's Penokee range, where developers of a contentious iron mining project pulled up stakes in late February.
But Adams also said that a new operator may approach the project differently than the former developer, Gogebic Taconite, a unit of a Florida-based coal mining company.
Having seen the acrimony that pervaded the former project, Adams suggested a new company would likely spend more time on building relationships with neighboring communities and environmentalists.
"I don't know when any of these people are actually going to come in and start talking seriously about it, given the current state of the industry," said Adams, referring to falling iron ore prices.
"Probably any serious talks are years away, I would imagine. That gives us a couple of years to try to re-establish ties with the local communities."
Communities felt they were left out of the process, and Adams said the state's new iron mining law exacerbated the problem by slashing funding to them to offset costs, such as for road repair.
Such fence-mending "is very important to establishing credibility," said George Meyer, a former secretary of the Department of Natural Resources and executive director of the Wisconsin Wildlife Federation.
Adams also suggested Gogebic's plan to build a large-scale processing plant next to the mine — and just upstream from an Indian reservation — might not be the optimum location for a factory with a huge need for water and a potential to pollute.
Gogebic Taconite announced Feb. 27 that it was backing out of the project, citing concerns about the difficulty in avoiding harm to wetlands and worries about federal intervention at some point in the process.
Although Gogebic pushed Republican Gov. Scott Walker and the GOP-controlled Legislature to write new iron mining laws, including easing limits on development of wetlands, the company said field crews were finding far more wetlands that would be hard for the company to avoid.
Gogebic's option on the mineral rights on about 22,000 acres expires next month.
When that happens, LaPointe and RGGS Land & Minerals Ltd., which owns a majority interest, will start looking for suitors, according to Adams.
Sizable iron ore reserve
In 1978, economic geologist Ralph W. Marsden estimated 2.2 billion metric tons of iron ore is available on the land. There have been subsequent studies by U.S. Steel, a former owner, and Gogebic. All the data are in the hands of LaPointe and RGGS.
"It's a huge resource," Adams said.
"It's 25% of the U.S. reserves, and that is just going to increase. It's going to be mined at some point. As long as we keep using iron — and I don't see any of us stopping — especially if the federal government decides to do something about our aging infrastructure. That's going to take a lot of steel."
Adams and others met with representatives of Ashland and Iron counties July 29 as a first step in taking back the mineral rights of the land and smoothing frayed relations. They said they would also be meeting with tribes, environmental groups and others.
It was a good first step, said Dale A. Kupczyk, executive director of the Ashland Area Development Corp, who was one of those who met with Adams.
"Every time you take a ton of iron ore out of northern Minnesota, it makes this land here that much more valuable," Kupczyk said.
Despite a potential boon from the $1.5 billion mine, their group remained neutral on the Gogebic project.
"It's a hot subject up here," Kupczyk said, "We told them this wasn't Florida. This wasn't West Virginia. This is northern Wisconsin. You're on the shore of Lake Superior. We do things different up here. You see what happened."
Kupczyk said they were intrigued with Adams' talk of using trains to ship ore out of the Penokees and the Lake Superior basin for processing.
Building the plant elsewhere would eliminate the need for tailings ponds, a potential source of water pollution, Adams said. It would also conserve groundwater that would have been needed for processing the ore. The groundwater feeds the Bad River watershed. The river flows through the reservation of the Bad River band of Lake Superior Chippewa.
Keeping the manufacturing plant away from the mine would be preferable, Meyer said.
"It would remove a major pollution source from the headwaters of one of the finest remaining pristine watersheds in the state," Meyer said.
Environmentalists were highly critical of the iron mining law, especially aspects of the law affecting wetlands. But Adams said they thought the changes worked because federal protections remained intact.
"To my mind the wetlands protections are pretty much in place," Adams said. "Wetlands were one of the things that turned out to be a stumbling block."
ALIGARH: A 13 year old girl punished their rapist Rinku by beheading their 5 year old son Amit in Khair early this week. The gruesome murder was detected when the dogs dragged out the half burnt body, which was found in a polythene bag buried beneath the bricks. The family that was looking for their 5 year old son was soon alerted in the village.The murder case has been registered against the girl under various sections of the IPC and the SC/ST Act. In another case registered against the father of the murdered child the police has slapped Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (POSCO) and has booked them under 376 IPC for raping the girl. According to the girl's statement Rinku had raped them on Sunday. They had lured them offering them a whitener to which they were addicted. In a fit of revenge, and days later they killed the rapist son – beheaded him, burnt their body and packed it in polythene bag before burying it under bricks. The girl has been sent to Ghaziabad Juvenile Home.After the murder incident came to light the parents met the Circle Officer OP Singh demanding that rape case against Rinku to be withdrawn. Singh said, "Two cases have been registered – one of murder and the other of rape. Both the cases will be investigated. Family of the rape accused met me today alleging that the rape charges are fake. It will be investigated. There are certain things that need to be kept in mind – the girl is a drug addict and has often got into scuffles with people over minor issue - they have got into fights for even Rs 10. Them mother is unwell and father a laborer, they are coming from a very poor family background. There is no family discipline either. They have been spotted consuming drugs. A fair inquiry will be done." They ruled out any possiblity of involvement of a tantrik, as suspected by some villagers in Amit's murder. They were lured by the rape victim while they were playing at home in the evening.
Bayside High School (Photo: FILE)
A 17-year-old Bayside High School student was arrested after Palm Bay police said they punched another student carrying a campaign sign supporting President-elect Donald Trump. The incident also left a school resource officer injured.
Police said the fight happened around 1 p.m. Wednesday during gym class at the 1901 DeGroodt Road school.
The teen, who is not being identified by FLORIDA TODAY because of their age, was charged with felony battery, resisting without violence, disruption of an educational institute and battery after police were called to the campus to investigate the disturbance.
“It definitely had a political motivation. The boy was carrying a Trump sign and walked into the gym. The other boy punched them in the face,” said Lt. Mike Bandish, spokesperson for the Palm Bay Police Department.
The disturbance at the 1,570-student school was confined to the two students. The teen was then escorted to the dean's office where they confronted other staff members.
“Whether the boy was a Bernie (Sanders) or Hillary supporter I don't know. Emotions are high and the school resource officer did the best they could to de-escalate the situation,” Bandish said.
Witnesses said the school resource officer arrived at the dean's office and attempted to calm the student down. The officer grabbed the teen and placed them in a bear hug, but suffered an injury during the arrest and is on leave pending their recovery.
“The other kid was exercising their free speech. But none of these kids can vote. And while it's good to be involved in politics we cannot condone violence,” Bandish said.
The teen was taken into custody and booked into the Juvenile Detention Center in Sharpes.
Similar politically involved disturbances were reported at the school following the election of President Barack Obama in 2008.
Contact Gallop at 321-242-3642, jdgallop@floridatoday.com and on Twitter at @JDGallop.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2fh7uOp
The US have dropped out of the top ten of the global prosperity rankings for the first time with the latest findings recording a weakening performance across five of the index's eight sub-categories.
Legatum Institute's prosperity index, now in its sixth year, assesses global wealth and wellbeing and benchmarks 142 countries around the world in eight categories: economy, education, entrepreneurship and opportunity, governance, health, personal freedom, safety and security and social capital.
So what do the latest prosperity rankings show us? Scandinavian countries Norway, Denmark and Sweden take first, second and third on the index with Australia and New Zealand coming in fourth and fifth respectively.
Overall prosperity in Europe has increased - the Netherlands, Ireland and Germany have seen their positions rise and are now ranked at eighth, tenth and 14th place respectively. Despite overall prosperity increasing, more than two thirds of European countries have recorded a decline in the score for the economy sub-category since 2009.
The drop for the US in the rankings has come at a crucial time according to Jeffrey Gedmin, President and CEO of the Legatum Institute:
"As the US struggles to reclaim the building blocks of the American Dream, now is a good time to consider who is best placed to lead the country back to prosperity and compete with the more agile countries that have pushed the US out of the top ten."
A drop in the economy sub-index has put the US at 20th place - far behind many of Asia's leading economies and Eurozone countries such as Germany. The UK economy is placed at 26th place coming in behind behind Kuwait and Ireland.
The rankings have placed:
• Norway top for the overall prosperity index
• Switzerland is number one for the economy sub-category
• Denmark have scored highest for entrepreneurship and opportunity
• Top spot for the governance sub-category goes to Switzerland
• Luxembourg is ranked number one for health
• The highest ranking country for safety and security is Iceland
• Canada score highest for the personal freedom sub-category
• Norway rank highest for social capital
Below is the table showing the overall prosperity index rankings by country from 2009 to 2012. Please note that the number of countries ranked has increased from 110 to 142 so there may not be data for all countries. The spreadsheet which you can download shows the rankings by sub-categories also.
Data summary
Global prosperity index, 2009-2012 Click heading to sort table. Download this data country 2009 2010 2011 2012 Norway 1 1 1 1 Denmark 2 2 2 2 Sweden 7 6 5 3 Australia 5 4 3 4 New Zealand 3 5 4 5 Canada 6 7 6 6 Finland 4 3 7 7 Netherlands 11 9 9 8 Switzerland 8 8 8 9 Ireland 9 11 11 10 Luxembourg 11 United States 10 10 10 12 United Kingdom 13 13 13 13 Germany 16 15 15 14 Iceland 12 12 12 15 Austria 14 14 14 16 Belgium 15 16 17 17 Hong Kong 21 20 19 18 Singapore 17 17 16 19 Taiwan 22 22 20 20 France 18 19 18 21 Japan 19 18 21 22 Spain 20 23 23 23 Slovenia 23 21 22 24 Malta 25 Portugal 25 26 25 26 South Korea 29 27 24 27 Czech Republic 24 24 26 28 United Arab Emirates 27 30 27 29 Cyprus 30 Uruguay 32 28 29 31 Poland 28 29 28 32 Italy 26 25 30 33 Chile 35 32 31 34 Estonia 31 35 33 35 Slovak Republic 37 37 32 36 Costa Rica 30 33 34 37 Kuwait 34 31 35 38 Hungary 38 34 36 39 Israel 33 36 38 40 Argentina 44 41 39 41 Panama 42 40 37 42 Lithuania 40 42 44 43 Brazil 45 45 42 44 Malaysia 43 43 43 45 Kazakhstan 51 50 46 46 Latvia 41 47 51 47 Bulgaria 47 46 48 48 Greece 36 39 40 49 Croatia 39 38 41 50 Trinidad & Tobago 46 44 47 51 Saudi Arabia 57 49 49 52 Vietnam 50 61 62 53 Belarus 55 54 50 54 China 58 58 52 55 Thailand 54 52 45 56 Montenegro 57 Sri Lanka 68 59 63 58 Mongolia 60 60 60 59 Romania 48 51 58 60 Mexico 49 53 53 61 Jamaica 52 55 55 62 Indonesia 85 70 70 63 Uzbekistan 65 76 64 64 Belize 53 56 56 65 Russia 62 63 59 66 Philippines 61 64 66 67 Paraguay 69 67 57 68 Colombia 64 65 61 69 Botswana 59 57 67 70 Ukraine 63 69 74 71 Peru 72 73 68 72 Morocco 66 62 71 73 South Africa 67 66 69 74 Macedonia 70 72 76 75 Ecuador 77 77 83 76 Jordan 75 74 65 77 Tunisia 56 48 54 78 Serbia 79 Venezuela 76 75 73 80 Dominican Rep 71 68 72 81 Laos 82 Namibia 74 71 80 83 Moldova 83 86 79 84 Lebanon 90 84 82 85 Tajikistan 86 Ghana 89 90 78 87 Kyrgyzstan 88 Turkey 80 80 75 89 El Salvador 81 78 77 90 Nicaragua 73 87 86 91 Albania 92 Georgia 93 Azerbaijan 94 Bolivia 84 82 85 95 Honduras 79 85 87 96 Guatemala 82 81 84 97 Armenia 98 Bosnia 99 Algeria 91 79 88 100 India 78 88 91 101 Iran 93 92 97 102 Bangladesh 95 96 95 103 Mali 94 93 90 104 Malawi 105 Egypt 87 89 89 106 Cambodia 101 95 94 107 Nepal 88 91 93 108 Tanzania 96 97 96 109 Zambia 98 101 101 110 Rwanda 105 98 98 111 Burkina Faso 112 Syria 86 83 81 113 Niger 114 Cameroon 99 102 99 115 Kenya 97 104 102 116 Uganda 102 99 100 117 Senegal 92 94 92 118 Benin 119 Republic of Congo 120 Djibouti 121 Mauritania 122 Nigeria 103 106 104 123 Mozambique 104 103 103 124 Sudan 106 100 105 125 Cote d'Ivoire 126 Guinea 127 Sierra Leone 128 Angola 129 Liberia 130 Iraq 131 Pakistan 107 109 107 132 Ethiopia 108 107 108 133 Yemen 100 105 106 134 Zimbabwe 110 110 109 135 Togo 136 Burundi 137 Haiti 138 Chad 139 Afghanistan 140 Democratic Republic of the Congo 141 Central African Republic 109 108 110 142
• DATA: download the full spreadsheet
NEW! Buy our book
• Facts are Sacred: the power of data (on Kindle)
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
– This is a guest post by Bill Blake, one of the key partners in the OWLP partnership ; the original version was published at http://billboyheritagesurvey.wordpress.com/2014/04/15/what-is-community-kap/
What is Community KAP?
This is an activity, open to all ages and abilities (subject to appropriate supervision) that is relaxing, fun and places one in the landscape in a unique way.
What is it? KAP stands for Kite Aerial Photography and was invented in the 19th cent by Artur Batut in France, it has caught on in the modern age as we have cheap digital cameras, we are no longer at the mercy of the plate negative!
The benefit of the method is 2-fold, first the capture of images of the landscape from a new viewpoint, second the flying of kites is a good way to spend some time outdoors learning the ways of the wind. Most of the time we tend not to raise our eyes to the sky, most of what concerns our lives is firmly earthbound. Choosing to look at where we live from the sky can be as easy as browsing Google Earth but what we see there gets fuzzy and indistinct when we look closely at the details of the landscape, recording from the much lower viewpoint a kite offers us a much closer to how we experience the world, just different enough to be new and involving.
How is this a community activity? The best outcomes are from the combined efforts of teamwork: a kite flier and a photographer. As a group activity a variety of outcomes are possible: with patience and a good number of photos an aerial panorama is possible by building up a montage of images, large scale photo-maps are also made by fitting a ‘carpet' of images together. By flying several kites together (at a safe distance apart!) surprisingly rich records of the locale are achieved.
What's special about kite aerial pictures? Simply put it's the resolution. At the height of the kite patterns and textures are uniquely visible.
Is it safe? Because every site has different hazards KAP needs careful planning. This is where I come in: I have been doing this professionally for 5 years now and a risk assessment is made for each location prior to agreeing a safe method of working. The risks are small but real, kites can give you line burn, make you run backwards into things and end up tangled in trees or worse. Depending on group ability and desired outcome location and timing are chosen carefully to manage risk. Compared to playing in a football match flying a kite is safe!
Why is this part of Ouse Washes Landscape Partnership? The opportunity to provide the project with arresting images of the landscape acquired by community groups is valuable: to see the landscape from above is revealing, to be part of the process is rewarding. As the project develops many images of habitat, land-use, art projects and event records, are needed to illustrate the landscape on sign-age, site interpretation and web pages.
Community KAP is a project funded by OWLP and is now live, so let's get started, I'm available for demonstration, talks, risk assessment and project planning for your group!
Related OWLP posts:
Advertisements
The antivirus software pioneer John McAfee on Tuesday filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission to run for president.
The paperwork was confirmed as authentic by Kyle Sandler, who is identified as one of the campaign's directors and responded to a request for comment from a contact form on McAfee's personal website. The filing lists an Alabama address, and noted that McAfee would be “founding a new party yet to be announced.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Questions were initially raised whether the eccentric founder of the eponymous named anti-virus software company — who describes themselves as a “eccentric millionaire & still alive” on their Twitter profile — would be eligible to run since many profiles about them note that they were born in the United Kingdom.
But McAfee is eligible to run because they were born on a U.S. Army base in the United Kingdom to an American serviceman, according to Sandler. Their mother was of British decent. Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), who won the Republican nomination in 2008, has a similar story.
McAfee had teased the run earlier this week in a series of tweets and retweets. They told Wired on Tuesday that their advisers were “pressing me to run.”
McAfee told the tech website they have received “thousands” of emails from people encouraging them to run. But just hours before the FEC filing went up, they said they were “still in a quandary about whether to run myself or find someone else for my party.”
“It's not something I would just choose to do on my own,” they said.
In terms of policy issues, they told Wired that the federal government is “illiterate” on the underlying technology that supports everyday life, from smartphones to military hardware to communications.
McAfee founded their antivirus software in the late 1980s but is no longer affiliated with it. The company was purchased by Intel in 2010.
The biggest focus of McAfee in the news in recent years surrounded their fleeing of their home in Belize after authorities looked to question them about the murder of their neighbor. They were described as a person of interest but not a suspect.
Reports from that time described them as “increasingly erratic." They said their reaction came out of fear of the authorities there. But Belize's prime minister had described their reaction to the situation as paranoid.
A USA Today profile of them from earlier this year noted that McAfee settled in Tennessee after being on the run for most of 2014. The profile noted they were attempting to raise their profile with a new incubator on the Alabama-Georgia border, and they occasionally spoke at tech conferences.
KIEV (Reuters) - Hundreds of people rallied in central Kiev on Monday to protest against what the Ukrainian opposition says was vote-rigging by President Viktor Yanukovich's ruling party in the October 28 parliamentary election.
Police officers stay outside an election precinct, where the opposition said election fraud happened, in Kiev November 4, 2012. REUTERS/Anatolii Stepanov
Crowds gathered outside the Central Electoral Commission headquarters in the Ukrainian capital in response to a call for protest by opposition parties, including that of jailed ex-prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko.
Police told the crowd by loud-speaker that the protest was illegal and might be broken up by force if people did not disperse, a threat ignored by the demonstrators.
“The Party of the Regions is simply stealing the votes of Ukrainians and registering them as the votes of the candidates of the party in power,” said Arseny Yatsenyuk, who heads the united opposition in the absence of Tymoshenko.
“We have gathered here to defend our choice, the choice of Ukraine and Ukrainians. Ukraine has shown that it is capable of beating the Party of the Regions,” they told the crowd.
Tensions have focused on the outcome of a handful of constituencies where the vote-count for seats in the 450-seat parliament has not been completed.
Anger erupted at several of nine disputed districts with election officials conducting the vote-count besieged by opposition supporters and members of Yanukovich's Party of the Regions, demanding a re-count or threatening court action. Riot police used tear gas to quell trouble in one district.
The opposition hinted it might go as far as boycotting the new parliament if it did not get satisfaction.
“Unless the government immediately stops rigging the vote and illegally taking away mandates won by opposition candidates ... United Opposition is ready to denounce the next parliament as powerless and insist on early parliamentary and presidential elections,” it said in a statement.
From the vast majority of results already in, the Regions, seen as representing the interests of big business, appear to have retained a majority of more than 225 seats in the assembly, assuming support from their traditional communist allies and some independents.
But the Batkivshchyna (Fatherland) of Tymoshenko, which forms the core of the united opposition, has made a strong showing.
The opposition has been further re-energized by the UDAR (Punch) party of world heavyweight boxing champion Vitaly Klitschko and the far-right nationalist Svoboda (Freedom) party which have won representation in parliament for the first time.
“We are protesting. We want to defend our votes. The Party of the Regions has falsified the elections, taken our victory. It is us who ought to have the majority not them,” said 50-year-old Nadezhda Storozhuk, a Batkivshchyna supporter.
“We have turned out to defend the interests of simple people who have voted and whose votes have been stolen. We are ready for other kinds of action if need be,” said Yuri Derkach, 45, a supporter of Svoboda.
Did you listen to that star-studded official remix of Lorde's ‘Homemade Dynamite' and think, screw SZA, Khalid and Post Malone, I can do better?
Well, it's time to put your remix where your mouth is.
triple j Unearthed is on the lookout for artists who can blow up ‘Homemade Dynamite' and make it their own.
Download the stems over at triplejunearthed.com, remix, chop, change, sing or rap over the track, then upload your entries to the triple j Unearthed website marked "#LORDERMX" to enter.
The winner will score two tickets to see Lorde on their Melodrama tour, cop a triple j prize pack and have their remix played all up on the radio.
Past Unearthed remix comps have seen artists take on the Play School Theme, Hermitude's ‘Ukiyo' and Hilltop Hoods, but this is kinda their biggest remix opportunity yet.
Entries close on Sunday 15 October, so get mixing and blow that shit up. *kaboom*
Kernel vulnerabilities: old or new?
LWN.net needs you! Without subscribers, LWN would simply not exist. Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
A quick search of the CVE database turns up 80 CVE numbers related to kernel vulnerabilities so far this year. At one recent conference or another, while talking with a prominent kernel developer, your editor confessed that they found that number to be discouragingly high. In an era where there is clearly an increasing level of commercial, criminal, and governmental interest in exploiting security holes, it would be hard to be doing enough to avoid the creation of vulnerabilities. But, your editor wondered, could we be doing more than we are? The response your editor got was, in essence, that the bulk of the holes being disclosed were ancient vulnerabilities which were being discovered by new static analysis tools. In other words, we are fixing security problems faster than we are creating them.
That sort of claim requires verification; it is also amenable to being verified by a researcher with sufficient determination and pain resistance. Your editor decided to give it a try. "All" that would be required, after all, was to look at each vulnerability and figure out when it was introduced. How hard could that be?
So, the basic process followed was this: pick a CVE entry, find the patch which closed the hole, then dig through the repository history and other resources in an attempt to figure out just when the problem was first introduced into the kernel. In some cases, the answer was relatively easy to find; others were sufficiently hard that your editor eventually gave up. One especially valuable resource in the search turned out to be the Red Hat bugzilla; the developers there (and Eugene Teo in particular) go out of their way to document the particulars of vulnerabilities. Sometimes, the commit which introduced the bug was simply listed there. The "git gui blame" utility is also quite useful when doing this kind of research.
About 60 of the 80 vulnerabilities listed above were dealt with in this way before your editor's eyes crossed permanently. The results can be seen in the following table. Let it be said from the outset that there will inevitably be some errors in the data below; the most likely mistake will be assigning blame to a commit which actually just moved the vulnerability from somewhere else. That may lead to a bias that makes vulnerabilities look more recent than they really are. That said, the best effort has been made, and things should not be too far off.
Some other notes relevant to the table:
No attempt was made to find the origin of vulnerabilities which were present in the initial commit which began the git era during the 2.6.12 development cycle. Anything which was already present then can certainly be said to be an old bug.
Some parts of the code have been changed so many times that it can be truly hard to determine when a vulnerability was introduced; places where your editor give up are marked as "unknown" above. One could maybe come up with a real answer by bisecting and trying exploits, but your editor's dedication to the task was not quite that strong.
A couple of these bugs are old in a different way - CVE-2010-1188 was fixed in 2008, but was only understood to be a security issue in 2010. Anybody running a current kernel would not be vulnerable, but bugs like this can be nicely preserved in enterprise kernels for many years.
Looking at when the vulnerabilities were introduced yields a chart like this:
So, in a sense, the above-mentioned kernel hacker was correct - an awful lot of the vulnerabilities fixed over the last year predate the git era, and are thus over five years old. It seems that security bugs can lurk in the kernel for a very long time before somebody stumbles across them - or, at least, before somebody reports them.
According to the information above, we have fixed dozens of vulnerabilities since 2.6.33 without introducing any. The latter part of that claim might be charitably described as being unlikely to stand the test of time. There were (at least) 13 vulnerabilities fixed in the 2.6.35 cycle, 21 in the 2.6.36 cycle. We can hope that fewer vulnerabilities were added in that time; it seems certain, though, that (1) the number of vulnerabilities added will not be zero, and (2) it will probably take us five years or more to find many of them.
There may be some comfort in knowing that a large proportion of 2010's known security vulnerabilities are not a product of 2010's development. Indeed, assuming that a fair number of the old vulnerabilities are a bit older yet, one can also claim that they are not a product of the "new" kernel development model adopted in the early 2.6 days. That claim could be tested by extending this research back into the BitKeeper era; that is a task for a future project.
Your editor remains concerned, though, that it is too easy to put insecure code into the kernel and too hard to discover the vulnerabilities that are created. Analysis tools can help, but there really is no substitute for painstaking and meticulous code review when it comes to keeping vulnerabilities out of the kernel. At times, it is clear that the amount of review being done is not what it should be. There may well come a day when we'll wish we had found a way to be a bit more careful.
Photo Credit:
The Temple Institute initiated an actual wedding ceremony on the Temple Mount, only the second time this has been performed in some 2000 years. The following is a press release we just received, describing the clandestine simcha.
An engaged couple recently approached Rabbi Chaim Richman, the International Director of the Temple Institute, and asked them if they would supervise their marriage on the Temple Mount. After scrupulously examining the detailed halachot (Jewish law) concerning the marriage ceremony, and consulting with other rabbinical authorities, Rabbi Richman happily accepted the task upon himself.
Advertisement
The couple met with Rabbi Richman early one recent morning in the Old City of Jerusalem, at the headquarters of the Temple Institute, where the blessing over wine was made, a prerequisite to the marriage ceremony. Two appointed witnesses then met the couple at the entrance to the Temple Mount. The witnesses were obligated to both hear the declaration of marriage from the lips of the groom and see them place the gold wedding band on the bride's finger. All members of the party were instructed by Rabbi Richman that this had to be done without drawing the attention of the Israel police or the Muslim Waqf guards who would be accompanying the group of Jewish worshipers on the Temple Mount. Were they to notice they would certainly arrest all the parties involved and remove them immediately from the compound.
The plan went like clockwork, and while walking along the eastern perimeter of the Temple Mount, Rabbi Richman gave a tacit signal. The two witnesses drew close to the groom, who, ring in hand, said quietly to the bride, “Behold, you are sanctified to me with this ring, in accordance with the law of Moshe and Israel,” and quickly slipped the ring on the bride's finger. This act, known as kiddushin (sanctification) is the binding act of marriage in any Jewish wedding ceremony. The couple was now married. They later stood beneath the chuppah (marriage canopy) at a different location and heard the reading of the ketubah (marriage contract).
The Temple Institute was able to capture the entire Temple Mount wedding on video, but in accordance with the wishes of the couple, are only publicly sharing two still shots, one of the groom placing the ring on the bride's finger, and one of the bride holding up their hand, showing the ring to the camera.
The ancient custom of brides and grooms visiting the Temple Mount (separately) on the day of their wedding has been revived in recent years, but the actual performance of the wedding ceremony on the Temple Mount is a unique act in history following the destruction of the Holy Temple 2000 years ago.
Mazal Tov to the couple and a huge Yishar Koach to Rabbi Richman and the Temple Institute.
The above graph explains heat transfer from a cylinder (your body) to the air based on the air's position around the cylinder. 0 on the X axis is directly in front of the cylinder and 180 is directly behind the cylinder. Higher values on the Y axis indicate more heat transferred from the cylinder to the air.
The bottom line on the chart represents a "laminar flow" (ie. not turbulent, low speed) scenario. The top line represents a higher speed scenario where laminar flow gives way to turbulent flow.
For both low and high speed scenarios significant heat transfer occurs not just at the front of your body, but also directly behind you. This is especially true for high speeds where laminar flow changes to turbulent flow (22-33mph). At this speed optimum heat transfer occurs at approximately 110 degrees from the front of the rider. Right in backpack territory.
This means wearing a backpack doesn't just trap sweat to your body, it has a significant impact on your body's ability to transfer heat to the air!
If you want to stay cool and dry, add some cargo capacity to your bike.
URS FLUEELER/EPA/REX/Shutterstock
“Inferno” and “Life of Pi” actor Irrfan Khan will star in Amazon's Indian original series “The Ministry.”
The show is a political satire set in contemporary India's corridors of power. They will play a washed up, narcissistic Bollywood actor who is unwittingly appointed as a placeholder culture minister. Despite a crippling bureaucracy, political gaffes, and a team of misfits, they yearn to be loved by the masses once again.
Gursimran Khamba of the comedy outfit All India Bakchod is the show's creator. Khan has previously starred in a series of web videos for AIB. The company achieved notoriety when 2015's Bollywood Roast, featuring media personality Karan Johar, and actors Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor, received complaints for its colorful language.
In January, Amazon signed 14 Indian comedians for 60-80 minute stand-up specials.
“After a phenomenal response to our licensed comedy shows, we are excited to launch our very own Amazon Original in the comedy space. We are further strengthening our offering by collaborating with the best content creators of the genre and roping in one of the most versatile Indian actors with massive global appeal,” said Amazon Prime Video India head of content Vijay Subramaniam.
“The Ministry” will be released globally on Prime Video in 2018.
Washington spied on its key ally, Japan, and passed intelligence on to Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK, WikiLeaks has revealed. The NSA targeted 35 high-ranking Japanese officials and top companies, and also tracked trade negotiations.
After dismantling the illusion of US relations built on mutual trust with Brazil and its European allies, Germany and France, WikiLeaks has turned to the Asian activities of the NSA. In a press release published on Friday, the website revealed “Target Tokyo” – a list of 35 of the US National Security Agency's “top secret” targets.
NSA's latest must spy terror suspects: Japan's Central Bank, Finance Ministry, Trade Negotiators and... Mitsubishi https://t.co/2SobMKvbYo — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) July 31, 2015
The list includes Japanese Cabinet officials, major banks, and top Japanese companies, such as the natural gas division of Mitsubishi and the petroleum unit of Mitsui. There were also intercepts about “sensitive climate change strategy” and the “content of a confidential prime ministerial briefing that took place at Shinzo Abe's official residence,” according to WikiLeaks.
READ MORE: WikiLeaks: NSA spied on German FM for years, ‘helped CIA to kidnap and torture'
“The lesson for Japan is this: do not expect a global surveillance superpower to act with honour or respect. There is only one rule: there are no rules,” Julian Assange, WikiLeaks editor-in-chief, said in the press release.
Japan is America's closest ally in the Asia-Pacific region. They closely cooperate in trade and defense. Yet, according to the whistleblower website, some of the NSA reports were released to Australia and New Zealand, as well as to Canada and the UK – the members of the “Five Eyes” intelligence alliance.
READ MORE: US a surveillance superpower spying on foes & allies alike – Assange
If the allegations are confirmed, Tokyo will protest the NSA's spying activities, which date back to 2006, Kyodo news agency reported, citing sources in the Japanese government. However, it is “unlikely to have a major impact on the core of Japan-US relations,” Yoshinobu Yamamoto, a professor of international politics at the University of Niigata Prefecture, told AFP, a French news agency.
The revelations come as Japan is embroiled in a heated debate regarding a recent move by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe which is set to expand the role of the country's military forces. The shift in policy has been greeted by Washington, but is regarded as controversial by Japan's neighbors and the Japanese public.
“I think some interest groups and opposition parties will use this news to stick a spoke in the government's wheel,” Celine Pajon, a Japan specialist at the French Institute of International Relations, told AFP.
READ MORE: NSA spied on Brazil's President Rousseff, dozens of top officials – WikiLeaks
While the prime minister's phone wasn't on the wiretapping list, WikiLeaks said that Trade Minister Yoichi Miyazawa and Bank of Japan governor Haruhiko Kuroda appear to have been direct targets NSA surveillance.
This report is particularly significant in wake of the commencement of the latest round of negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement this week. Ministers of 12 countries in the region, including the US and Japan, the largest economies participating in the talks, have gathered on the Hawaiian island of Maui to discuss a free-trade bloc that would encompass about 40 percent of the world's economy.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Authorities say more than 100,000 people have been hit in the first wave of floods
For weeks on end, a sensational murder mystery involving a prominent media industrialist has hogged the media limelight in India.
During the same time, there has been little coverage in the newspapers and news channels about yet another deadly bout of flooding in the north-eastern state of Assam.
More than a million people have been affected and 60 have died in flood-related incidents so far. Officials say more than 1,600 villages have been inundated. Some 120,000 people have left their homes and taken shelter in more than 300 relief camps.
All the major rivers in the state - the Brahmaputra, Jia Bharali, Dhansiri, Puthimari, Beki, Katakhal and the Kushiyara - were flowing above the danger mark for more than three weeks.
The local media have run single word headlines like proloy (cataclymic disaster) to capture the fury unleashed by the floods. But the national media has remained unmoved.
National calamity?
Writing in the media site The Hoot, analyst Kakoli Thakur says while the murder mystery in Mumbai "involving a woman from Assam was hogging the limelight but the state itself, where thousands of people were hit by the worst spate of floods in decades, was reduced to fillers in the newspapers and small news capsules on TV channels".
Ms Thakur argued that if a similar situation happened in any other state, the government and the media would have lost no time in declaring it a national calamity.
Assam is possibly India's most flood-prone state: since 1950, the state has seen at least 12 major floods.
Image copyright AP Image caption Floods are an annual occurrence in Assam during the monsoon season
Image copyright EPA Image caption More than 1,600 villages have been inundated
Image copyright AP Image caption There has been little coverage in newspapers and news channels of the floods
So why does the state which is regularly hit by floods, not get national media attention?
"What is seen as usual rarely gets importance as news in Indian media. And floods in Assam seem to be the usual thing," says Ashis Biswas, a veteran journalist who has worked in Assam.
Mr Biswas recalls senior editors telling them during their days in Assam, "Please, no flood stories again".
Flood prone
Assam has always been prone to floods, but the 1950 Great Earthquake in the region led to massive changes in its topography and made things worse.
The state's Brahmaputra valley has, thereafter, been seeing increased devastation due to floods , says environment expert Partha J Das.
Mr Das says that more than 40% of Assam's land is susceptible to damage by flood waters and the total flood-prone area in the Brahmaputra valley alone accounts for 9.6% of India's total flood prone area.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Many embankments constructed to control floods are now in a bad shape
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Brahmaputra river has become more unstable after the 1950 earthquake
Image copyright EPA Image caption Some 120,000 people have left their homes and taken shelter in more than 300 relief camps
River expert Dulal Goswami says the Brahmaputra river has become more unstable after the 1950 earthquake and the shifting of river channels and erosion have become more severe and frequent.
In a 2000 study helmed by Dr Goswami found that regular heavy monsoon rains, high erosion, silting of river channels, massive deforestation, intense pressure land due to high population growth in the floodplains have led to frequent floods in the state. Flood control measures have been shoddy, the report adds.
'Vulnerable'
The government has built some 450 embankments on rivers to check flooding, but nearly half of these embankments themselves are now considered "extremely vulnerable".
In between the periodic floods, Assam has also been affected by drought. Nearly half its area has been affected by them.
"Climate change is causing huge impact in Assam ," says Amarjyoti Bora of the Assam-based Centre for Environment, Society and Policy Research, which has done a detailed study on climate change in Assam.
"These changes will seriously impact on livelihoods."
"The floods of 2012 and 2015 should serve as a major wake-up call for those who run the state and the country," says Mr Bora.
"But that is perhaps not happening. Political parties are busy preparing for the state elections next year."
We are pleased to offer the token HEAT from FIMK developers available for pre-launch trading on OpenLedger
Here's how you can trade an ICO token before anyone else...
increasing amount of HEAT coins, and have started to make OpenLedger IOU asset OPEN.HEAT available for trading in selected markets.
Once HEAT coins are released at estimated launch time in September 2016, the same IOU asset (OPEN.HEAT) currently trading during pre-launch(ICO still ongoing untill August 8th) will become freely transferrable and withdrawable. You will also be able to make HEAT deposits to OpenLedger at that time.
OpenLedger and its HEAT ICO subscribers have access to anand have started to make OpenLedger IOU asset OPEN.HEAT available for trading in selected markets.Once HEAT coins are released at estimated launch time in September 2016, the same IOU asset (OPEN.HEAT) currently trading during pre-launch() will become freely transferrable and withdrawable. You will also be able to make HEAT deposits to OpenLedger at that time.
The available trading pairs for the new HEATledger tokens (HEAT) are as follows:
Welcome to OpenLedger - Smart Trading Decentralized
SHHH! please don't tell anyone Not enough for all to buy/b]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ICOO - THE OFFICIAL ICO PRE-LAUNCH TOKEN BROUGHT TO YOU BY CCEDK AND OPENLEDGER
ICO OpenLedger website ICOO.io http://icoo.io
ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE ENGINE - CROWDFUNDING 3.0 - https://www.ccedk.com/dc/icoo
Official account of ICO OpenLedger: https://bitshares.openledger.info/?r=icoo
Place your orders directly on OpenLedger, send your funds to account above: icoo
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you have not yet opened an account, now is the time. Just follow the "Get Started" video (Tutorial #1) below for the best first-time experience. Welcome.
Here's our tutorial video that shows how you how to get started on OpenLedger.
Click the image to watch the video! Click the image to watch the video!
Here's our new tutorial video that shows how you can fund your OpenLeder account with Bitcoin.
click the image to watch the video! click the image to watch the video!
Check out our new tutorial video
on how to participate in an ICO on OpenLedger.
All the bestRonny BoesingCEOCCEDK / OpenLedger / CoinsBankPeople who have subscribed to any of the sites www.ICOO.io www.BTSR.io or have ordered from there, www.OpenLedger.info as well as www.CCEDK.com data base have all received a special mailout inviting to take part pre ICO to avoid the ICOO subscription fees.Whether you wish to subscribe to the HEAT ICO or any other in future, it is possible at all times to send your funds to the OpenLedger/CCEDK offical ICO subscribe escrow account with the ICO you wish to join mentioned in memo. IMPORTANT: name of ICO in memo. When ICO has started, OPEN asset of the ICO in question will be sent to the subscribers having sent funds, respectively.Information on this account if not signed up just yet: http://cryptofresh.com/u/ico.openledger For every ICO prelaunch on OpenLedger or any ICO presented on OpenLedger there will be an escrow acccount connected to this ICO, and same account will be acting as marketmaker with funds supported by ICOO itself.Official account of OpenLedger for the ICO HEAT is:
Either there's going to be a college football playoff beginning in 2014, or the populace that the BCS has now teased with this possibility is going to riot. So assuming we do get a four-team tournament (BCS people, if you keep calling it "a four-team event," we'll start calling it "December Madness"), how do we decide who gets to participate?
(This is just one of three primary questions for commissioners to ponder at this point. Earlier in the week, we took on where to play the games.)
The two biggest components here: determining the top four teams in the country by math or by manpower, and deciding whether to limit entry to only conference champions or not.
Figuring out which paths would result in the least amount of silly stuff happening seems like the best answer. And the current amalgamation of poorly policed pollsters and unregulated secret computers doesn't cut it. The idea of a carefully selected human committee deciding on the final four is gaining steam -- it works out for college basketball, but March Madness' biggest controversy centers on choosing 40th-or-so-best team in the country, not the fourth-best. Its composition will also have to be taken more seriously than the Coaches Poll and Harris Poll, both of which essentially encourage ballot-rigging by allowing invested parties to vote on themselves. The Harris less so, but it still includes plenty of voters with personal ties to involved universities.
If there is a computer component, it's got to be transparent, and it can no longer depend on one guy with a laptop emailing over a ranking and swearing its free of tampering. It must incorporate margin of victory and, as Pac-12 commissioner Larry Scott insists on the part of their nine-game conference slates, strength of schedule.
But this is the easy part of this discussion. Everyone knows what's wrong with the BCS formula. It can be made pretty good by rebuilding it from the ground up. The part that's gonna get everybody yellin' is the conference champions thing.
The case for requiring only conference champs: Alabama got to play LSU last year despite not even making the SEC Championship Game, let alone winning it. That's what started all this to begin with. If you'd like to thank someone for pushing the public into PLAYOFFS OR DIE mode, you could choose either Iowa State for shooting Archduke Franz Ferdinand on a Friday night, Oklahoma State for being the sacrificial lamb, or a never-blinking image of Nick Saban, troll-facing forever.
(The real motivator for the suits was that drying-up pool of bowl money compared to the impending playoff gold rush, but the heartland outcry helped pick up the pace.)
Requiring each conference to crown a representative ensures everybody gets a try every now and then, makes the regular season mean a lot and makes conference title games mean everything, but, really, it keeps the SEC down. Just a little. That was the spark, and a doomsday projection of LSU, Alabama, Arkansas and Georgia in the semifinals is going to be the most effective argument for this course.
I'd personally prefer to see only conference champs, but I just don't know if it's worth all the arm-wavin' and hollerin' it would cause during those especially wacky seasons. Like last year's.
The case against: Mike Slive, of course, says that their conference is in favor of the best four teams getting a shot, rather than just league champs. The issue with requiring only champions is ... well, look at last year. The playoff field would've had to reach all the way to No. 10 in the BCS rankings to find a fourth eligible team:
No. 1 LSU, SEC champion
No. 2 Alabama
No. 3 Oklahoma State, Big 12 champion
No. 4 Stanford
No. 5 Oregon, Pac-12 champion
No. 6 Arkansas
No. 7 Boise State (Mountain West champ: TCU)
No. 8 Kansas State
No. 9 South Carolina
No. 10 Wisconsin, Big Ten champion
Was Wisconsin more deserving of a championship spot than those six teams simply because it had no better teams in its conference? And had Wisconsin not been there, we'd have to go get No. 15, Clemson.
Other years would obviously tend to be neater. In 2010, we'd only need to dip to No. 5; in 2009, a straight top four. 2005 would've been kind of a mess, especially depending on how we'd handle Notre Dame. It looks like on average, you'd only need to skip two teams or so.
But unlike the stadium capacity and infrastructure issue of what to do if Kansas State or Oregon hosts a semifinal, an infrequent scenario like 2011 would be unacceptable, even once. Just as with the present BCS, something would happen every few years that would get the public worked up enough for somebody to go in and tweak the formula.
And now, for discussion:
Why do you feel the way you feel about the conference champions requirement?
Should there be some sort of requirement that conference champs must still finish in the top, say, six teams?
And what to do about Notre Dame, which can't win a conference but still plays one of the nation's toughest schedules?
How about every conference except the SEC can have multiple entries. Would that make you people happy?
In which year will the Sun Belt first get two of its teams into the same tournament?
If a 6-6 UCLA team ever wins the Pac-12, should it get automatic entry, just for lulz?
Follow @SBNationCFB
Federal treasurer Joe Hockey has announced digital products will now be subject to the goods and services tax (GST) meaning foreign streaming, ebooks, music and games may be increasing in price by ten percent.
Currently, digital downloads of any kind from overseas are offered at a comparatively cheaper rate than domestic services which already include GST. Domestic interfaces of major outlets like Google and Apple already include GST, as do local digital TV subscriptions Presto and Stan. But many other providers like Netflix and Steam do not. The change, the date of which is still unknown, is designed to assist local providers according to the treasurer, who stated “It is plainly unfair that a supplier of digital products into Australia is not charging the GST” when local services are required to do so.
The move comes after consultation by the federal government with the states and territories who receive the GST revenue. For users the outcome is still unknown. There have been numerous instances of Australians paying more than their overseas counterparts for the same content in games and music, sometimes referred to as the ‘Australia tax.' Whether these companies have been increasing prices for Australians in anticipation of being included in GST (and pocketing the extra profit in the meantime) remains to be seen.
While the change will affect Australian subscribers of the til-now untaxed digital services, there is still the challenge of collecting revenue from those who subscribe directly from foreign servers. Those who go direct to US interfaces for Netflix, Amazon and others would still be able to pay at the same rate without GST included. The technical challenge faced by the federal government in restricting VPN and proxy use appears ever present.
It does appear that only digital imports will be affected, with physical products purchased overseas of less than $1000 value set to remain GST-free. The treasurer addressed the different situations stating that cost-benefit of imposing GST on purchases of a lower value is not as viable. GST on digital services is likely not only less expensive to implement but also appears much more lucrative. The tax is anticipated to generate $350million in revenue from the booming digital industry. Ironically it also means that had Netflix stayed under the old DVD delivery system, importing Netflix discs from an American location may have remained tax-free (though comparatively still much more inconvenient and expensive).
------
Nick Harris is a contributor for Streambly. You can follow Nick on Twitter.
Interested in becoming a contributor for Streambly? streambly.com.au is looking streaming enthusiasts interested in writing some articles for us on a regular basis. Get paid and get free access to Stan, Presto or Netflix on us, to write about what you love. No experience necessary. If you're interested, please contact us at editor @ streambly.com.au (remove spaces from email address).
President Trump has asked China's leader, Xi Jinping , to help resolve the case involving three UCLA basketball players being detained at a hotel in Hangzhou for allegedly shoplifting.
Trump made the request while in Beijing last week before departing Friday for Vietnam and the Philippines. They asked for Xi's help in settling the case quickly and ensuring that the players, all freshmen, were treated fairly, Principal Deputy Press Secretary Raj Shah told The Times.
LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill emerged publicly for the first time Monday and a school athletics official said they were “doing fine,” though both their legal case and their standing as part of UCLA's basketball team remained unclear. It has been one week since the trio was first questioned about the alleged theft of designer sunglasses from an upscale store near the team's hotel.
A UCLA spokesperson declined to address whether the players would face disciplinary action from the school upon their return, nor to say who was paying for the players' extended stay at the Hyatt Regency, where standard rooms were commanding about $278 per night on the hotel's website. Athletic director Dan Guerrero was not made available for comment.
The rest of the Bruins returned to Los Angeles on Saturday from a weeklong trip that concluded in Shanghai with a 63-60 victory over Georgia Tech in the Pac-12 China Game.
Ball, Riley and Hill were wearing Bruins workout gear as they exited the hotel health club Monday and lumbered toward the elevators. They were accompanied by Chris Carlson, an associate athletic director who oversees the basketball team.
“We're doing fine,” Carlson said politely while the players slipped into the elevator behind him. Ball wore brown headphones draped around their neck.
Chinese authorities have permitted them to remain where the team initially stayed, a ritzy hotel featuring evening jazz performances and a glass-enclosed pool.
Ball's father and younger brother also remained in China to film their Facebook reality show “Ball in the Family,” though they were not staying with LiAngelo. LaVar Ball, the vocal father of the UCLA first-year student and Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball, said Monday in a tweet that they and their youngest son LaMelo were in Hong Kong to market their $495 Big Baller Brand shoes.
The UCLA players are suspected of stealing from a Louis Vuitton outlet around the corner from the hotel, where some sunglasses go for $740.
The Bruins visited China to play in a game sponsored by Alibaba , an e-commerce giant based in Hangzhou. Alibaba has assumed that role for the last three years and recently acquired broadcast rights to Pac-12 games including basketball and football.
Alibaba spokesperson Robert Christie said the company was satisfied overall with this year's game. They referred further inquiries to UCLA.
Hangzhou police, whose guarded headquarters is located less than a mile from where the suspected shoplifting occurred, did not answer calls.
Back in Los Angeles, the rest of the Bruins prepared for the team's home opener Wednesday night at Pauley Pavilion against Central Arkansas. UCLA is ranked No. 23 in the Associated Press media poll.
Bennett reported from Manila; DeButts from Hangzhou, China. Times correspondent Jessica Meyers contributed to this article from Beijing. Staff writer Ben Bolch contributed from Los Angeles.
The US manufacturer is under federal investigation for allegedly using illegal rosewood from Madagascar to make its guitars
Gibson Guitars is under invesigation for alleged use of smuggled wood. US federal agents raided a Gibson factory on Tuesday, claiming that they may have used illegal rosewood to make their guitars.
The US Fish and Wildlife Service seized wood, computers, files and guitars from Gibson's Massman Road manufacturing facility in Nashville, Tennessee. They are seeking evidence that Gibson shipped illegal rosewood from Madagascar via Germany.
Rosewood is expensive – more than double the cost of mahogany – and a crucial component in many guitars. Even at £3,000 per cubic metre, it can be found in acoustic guitar bodies and fingerboards. The troubled east African island of Madagascar, is a prime exporter of the hardwood. But due to corruption and environmental issues, Madagascan rosewood is a dubious proposition, and America's Lacey Act bars firms from bringing it into the US.
Gibson promised that they are "fully co-operating" with the federal investigation. "Gibson is a chain of custody certified buyers that purchases wood from legal suppliers who are to follow all standards," the company said. Gibson CEO Henry Juszkiewicz sits on the board of the Rainforest Alliance, which lobbies for sustainable forestry.
Getty Images Oops. Just 16 months after the Indianapolis Colts traded a first-round pick to the Cleveland Browns for running back Trent Richardson, the deal has hit a new low.
Richardson is inactive Sunday , and will not play in the Colts' playoff game against the Broncos.
This comes one week after being demoted to third string on the depth chart and not receiving any carries in the Colts' wild-card playoff win over the Cincinnati Bengals. This week, Richardson practiced with the Colts' punt team, according to Conor Orr of NFL.com.
It was already clear that the Browns won this trade even though they were criticized for the move when it happened, trading away a number-three overall pick after just 17 games in the NFL.
But even then, Richardson was still a part of the Colts' offense, receiving at least 17 carries and catches in five of the first seven games this season. However, in the final five games of the regular season, Richardson averaged just 6.4 carries per game and had just six catches in the final seven games.
Then came the first round of the playoffs. Richardson was demoted and was on the field for just one offensive snap.
Now, he's not even on the active roster.
NOW WATCH: Your Gym Is Ripping You Off — Here's How To Get A Cheaper Membership
More From Business Insider
The first law recognising same-sex relationships was enacted in the Netherlands in 1979, extending survivor tenancy rights to rent controlled apartments. The first law setting up a registration system for same-sex couples came in Denmark in 1989, which granted a package of rights in parallel with, but outside of, marriage. The first law opening marriage to same-sex couples was enacted in the Netherlands in 2001. The Dutch lead in gay marriage has since been followed in Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Iceland, Luxembourg, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and Uruguay – as well as in most states in the United States, with a decision with nationwide implications for the recognition of same-sex marriage currently pending in the US Supreme Court. In Asia the only governmental recognition of same-sex relationships to date has been in immigration practices in Hong Kong, Singapore and Thailand (and probably some other jurisdictions), where the same-sex partners of foreign individuals entering work in embassies, universities, or businesses are able to gain residency rights on the basis of the relationship.
In much of the world, the issue of same-sex marriage (or relationship recognition) has now become the defining issue for legal equality and human rights for lesbians, gays, and transgendered individuals. It is a clear and simple demand that presents a positive image of same-sex couples, who are now regularly depicted in media as parents raising children. Transgender individuals are now also increasingly free to marry, without concern for questions of sex or gender. We now have an extensive literature on gay marriage in the West. What has been happening in Asia? Here I review recent developments in Vietnam and Thailand.
Vietnam
In 2012, the government of Vietnam began the process of reviewing the civil code on marriage and family. Under consideration were eight separate matters, including heterosexual cohabitation, same-sex relationships, surrogacy, and separation. In July 2012, the Minister of Justice said it was time to consider a legal framework for same-sex couples – giving very practical reasons for such a reform:
[T]he courts do not know how to handle disputes between same-sex couples living together. The new law would provide rights such as owning property, inheriting and adopting children.
“I think, as far as human rights are concerned, it's time for us to look at the reality,” Justice Minister Ha Hung Cuong said Tuesday [24 July 2013] in an online chat broadcast on national television and radio. “The number of homosexuals has mounted to hundreds of thousands. It's not a small figure. They live together without registering marriage. They may own property. We of course, have to handle these issues legally.”
In May the [Justice] Ministry sent out a consultative letter to concerned agencies to seek their opinions on same-sex relationships. The letter described same-sex marriage as being inevitable according to human rights principles. However, it also said that “given the sensitivity of homosexuality and unforeseen consequences of same-sex marriage on cultural and traditional family values, it is too early for Vietnam to legalise same-sex marriage.”
The representatives from the Ministry of Justice expressed their desire to have a dialogue with LGBT communities in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, organize meetings between LGBT groups and same-sex relationship experts from Vietnam and other countries, and educate the public on same-sex relationships.
The Committee of Social Affairs of the National Assembly invited LGBT activists to make a presentation on same-sex marriage on 8 October 2012.
Professor Kees Waaldijk, who holds a chair in sexual orientation law at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands and Professor M V Lee Badgett, an economist at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, in the United States, were invited to Hanoi in December 2012 to discuss international patterns on the recognition of relationships and the extension of marriage to same-sex couples. Both had written widely on the issues, and they spoke at workshops organised jointly by the Vietnamese Government and the United Nations Development Programme.
In April 2013, the Deputy Minister of Health spoke out, with Thanh Nien News Agency reporting their statement that, “gay people have the same rights as everyone else to love, be loved and marry.” Several days earlier, the Ministry of Justice had announced that fines would no longer be imposed on same-sex couples who held (non-legal) “marriage” events.
The government's proposals on legislative reform were made public in mid-2013, and included extending the rights and obligations of marriage in relation to property and children to cohabiting heterosexual couples and, in a separate section, to cohabiting same-sex couples. On 17 October 2013, representatives of more than 30 social organisations and many LGBT individuals and their allies attended a seminar in Hanoi to release three documents which had been sent to the deputies in the National Assembly. One source reported,
The documents include a letter of social organizations, a letter of the Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG) Vietnam and a petition gathering 8,300 signatures of people who support same-sex marriage.
Hundreds gathered in a Hanoi park to watch the symbolic marriage of two same-sex couples, with the public celebration including lots of rainbow flags and balloons, as well as 60,000 “likes” on the Facebook pages of the couples.
Included in a set of revisions to the Constitution submitted in December 2013 was the rewriting of the section on the right to marry. Instead of the wording that “men and women” have the right to marry (phrasing that had been interpreted to restrict marriage to opposite sex couples), the proposed new wording simply said “men, women” have the right to marry. In this, a possible obstacle to legal same-sex marriage was explicitly removed without, it seems, any particular discussion or attention. However, this did not, in itself, extend to actually legally instituting marriage between persons of the same sex.
On 19 June 2014, Vietnam's National Assembly rejected a number of the constitutional reforms proposed by the government, with legal recognition of same-sex cohabitation being dropped. Furthermore, recognition of heterosexual cohabitation was limited to issues relating to children (dropping issues relating to property). Surrogacy was strictly limited to a non-commercial arrangement with a blood relative (such as a sister or a cousin). While the provision that banned (non legal) same-sex “marriage” events was dropped, new wording was added that stated, “the state does not recognize same-sex marriage.”
Thailand
In 2012, long-time Thai gay activist Natee Teerarojjanapongs applied for legal registration of a marriage licence with their partner. When the licence was refused, they took the issue to the National Human Rights Commission of Thailand, asking the Commission to initiate proceedings in the Constitutional Court. Dr. Tairjing Siripanich, the Human Rights Commissioner who handles LGBT issues, accepted the complaint, stating,
In [a] human rights point of view, a decision to live together should be allowed by law whatever sex the persons had.
However, rather than proceeding to court, the issue was taken up by the Thai parliament's Committee on Legal Affairs, Justice and Human Rights, which nominated three representatives of LGBT organisations to work with them. Five seminars and hearings on the matter were held by the Committee in different parts of the country, the last taking place at the Thai parliament building in Bangkok on 19 April 2013. The Committee member charged with drafting a bill framed in light of the consultations was Wirat Kalayasiri, perhaps the leading legal figure among the then opposition Democratic Party members of parliament, and head of the Party's working group on legal affairs. In the drafting, Wirat worked with the Ministry of Justice.
The result was draft legislation extending the rights and obligations of marriage to same-sex couples through a registration system of “civil unions”. The draft said that all the rights and obligations of marriage would apply, mutatis mutandis, to same-sex couples who registered. The age of eligibility to register a civil union would be 20, the voting age, rather than 17, the minimum legal age for marriage between men and women. No provisions dealt with custody, access, or adoption of children.
However, no political party endorsed the civil union proposal, raising the question as to how it would get onto the parliamentary agenda. To do so would need endorsement by 20 sitting members of parliament or, alternatively, 10,000 signatures for a citizens' initiative. The dissolution of the legislature and the calling of a general election in February 2014 ended the lobbying process around the civil unions proposal. The military coup that toppled the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra on 22 May 2014 changed the situation yet again, with an appointed national legislative assembly now having been put in place.
After the coup, civil society critics of the parliamentary civil unions bill began a drafting process, with the aid of the Law Reform Commission of Thailand for an alternative “gay marriage” bill. This “citizens” draft has an equal age for registration and marriage of both heterosexual and same-sex couples, and does not rely on a general reference to the rights and obligations already established for marriage. Instead, rights in relation to children and to various entitlements for all couples, both heterosexual and same-sex, are expressly set out. Thailand's existing marriage law is archaic, and has unequal provisions for men and women. The civil society critics deemed this existing law to be unsuitable as a referent or basis for the proposed new civil unions registration system, under which registration would be open to all individuals, not simply same-sex couples.
As of February 2015, neither of the two alternative bills was in a final form, and neither had been forwarded to the post-coup appointed legislative body. Coup leaders have not shown an interest in LGBTI issues, but neither have they shown any hostility. Gay magazines, gay venues and civil society organisations function without restrictions under the military-installed government, which has not acted to prevent ongoing public discussions and forums on same-sex marriage. Indeed, in March 2015, a new sexual equality bill was passed by the appointed government, including anti-discrimination protection for transgenders.
Next Moves?
At the moment, same-sex marriage initiatives have been defeated, stalled or are pending in several Asian countries, including Nepal, Taiwan and Japan as well as Vietnam and Thailand. This is the first time that these issues have received serious social and governmental attention in Asia. With the opening of marriage to same-sex couples in the Netherlands in 2001, there was a sense of the ending of a taboo. Many other countries followed the Dutch lead, some almost immediately. It is likely that there will soon be a breakthrough on legalising gay marriage in one or other Asian country, and other countries in the region are also likely to follow the leader.
Professor Douglas Sanders
Mahidol University, Bangkok
Issue 18, Kyoto Review of Southeast Asia, September 2015
Photo by deep ellum (21)/Flickr CC
Some things are so ubiquitous that we forget they have an origin, like soup, pants and fizzy water. Yet everything that we know--sans nature itself, which we owe to a higher power--is the product of some person or persons' imagination. Even the cocktail itself has a birth date. For us, that's May 6, 1806.
In all fairness, that's not when the cocktail was born. That's one of the earliest mentions of the cocktail in print in The Balance & Columbian Repository, a now defunct paper from Hudson, New York. Who created it and the exact date of said creation is the product of much speculation and may forever elude us. (The name itself, "cocktail", is also a mystery and I would point you elsewhere for more information about the debate.)
After all, nobody knew on that fateful day that the cocktail would damn near rival the apple pie for the title of most widely known American culinary invention.
The mention of the cocktail in The Balance is followed one week later with a definition, and a little political commentary, when the editor responds to a reader's question asking what a cocktail is:
As I make it a point, never to publish anything (under my editorial head) but which I can explain, I shall not hesitate to gratify the curiosity of my inquisitive correspondent: Cock-tail, then is a stimulating liquor, composed of spirits of any kind, sugar, water and bitters it is vulgarly called a bittered sling, and is supposed to be an excellent electioneering potion inasmuch as it renders the heart stout and bold, at the same time that it fuddles the head. It is said also, to be of great use to a democratic candidate: because, a person having swallowed a glass of it, is ready to swallow any thing else.
What does this simple four-ingredient combo have to do with the Apple Martini or a Blue Motorcycle? Not much, but this singular definition gave way to a category that expanded into a catch-all phrase for any mixed drink. Yet stalwarts like the Manhattan and Old Fashioned continue to stay true to their origins.
Bligh's plane hit by lightning
Updated
A plane carrying Queensland Premier Anna Bligh and the man leading the state's flood recovery, Major-General Mick Slater, has been hit by lightning over the Sunshine Coast.
Ms Bligh was returning from a tour of the flood ravaged town of Theodore when lightning hit the plane over Maleny just after 2:00pm (AEST) on Sunday.
A spokesperson for the Premier says there was a loud bang and a flash of white light through the plane.
Two static wicks on both wings were destroyed, but the engines and navigation equipment continued to work and the plane landed without incident at Brisbane airport around 2:30pm.
The King Air has been used during the floods to move personnel and supplies to flood-affected towns.
Engineers are now checking the plane and it is expected to be out of operation for some time.
The Government has sourced a replacement aircraft to assist with flood operations.
The incident comes as towns across the flood-ravaged state endure more rain.
Topics: floods, disasters-and-accidents, emergency-incidents, emergency-planning, relief-and-aid-organisations, government-and-politics, federal---state-issues, weather, rainfall, qld, australia, gympie-4570, maryborough-4650, rockhampton-4700, st-george-4487, thangool-4716, theodore-4719
First posted
Earlier this week, EFF reported that many Senators were trying to avoid debate on the expiring FISA Amendments Act, which hands the NSA broad powers to warrantlessly spy on Americans who communicate with anyone abroad. The 2008 law is set to expire on December 31 and despite its huge implications for civil liberties, the Senate is poised to vote on it without any changes.
US citizens deserve debate over the law and Senators should be able to offer amendments to fix its worst problems. As we described earlier this week, the bill's powers are sweeping and dangerous:
The FISA Amendments Act continues to be controversial; key portions of it were challenged in a case before the U.S. Supreme Court this term. In brief, the law allows the government to get secret FISA court orders—orders that do not require probable cause like regular warrants—for any emails or phone calls going to and from overseas. The communications only have to deal with "foreign intelligence information," a broad term that can mean virtually anything. And one secret FISA order can be issued against groups or categories of people—potentially affecting hundreds of thousands of Americans at once.
Commendably, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid signaled yesterday he'd like to bring the bill to the floor for debate, including amendments by Senators Jeff Merkley and Ron Wyden. The amendments would force the NSA to give an estimate how many Americans how been spied on as a result of the bill, and bring some oversight to how the law is carried out.
Senator Ron Wyden has placed a hold on the bill for months and demanded such steps are needed to know whether the bill should be authorized or not. Currently, Senator Reid says they are in negotiations with all parties to see if they can bring it to the floor for debate before the vote. In addition, Sen. Merkley also made it clear on HuffPost Live that some lawmakers would "oppose cloture" on the FISA Amendments Act reauthorization "unless a number of amendments are considered and debated."
Unfortunately, some Senators want no debate at all. Republican Senator Saxby Chambliss suggested the Senate should just vote on the (awful) House bill, extending the FISA Amendments Act for another five years, given there was little time left. Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein has also signaled they want the Senate to just vote on the House bill with no changes.
However, as Merkley put it, lawmakers "didn't accidentally stumble on this." They knew this deadline was approaching all year. "Without public knowledge of what's collected, and exactly the process by which a warrant is obtained or if it's obtained," Merkley told the Huffington Post. "We really have no way to carry on this debate."
Once again, here's how you can help:
Tweet
Senate communications staffers often see tweets throughout the day—unlike emails (which may not be reported for a day or more) or phone calls (which are tallied at the end of the day). So if you are on Twitter, please tweet at Senators McConnell and Reid:
Hey @McConnellPress and @SenatorReid: Don't ram through a 5-year extension on FISA Amendments Act. https://eff.org/r.2asn
Phone calls
Our friends at Free Press and the Bill of Rights Defense Committee are urging folks to call the Senate and voice concerns. Please use Free Press' call-in tool. You can also call Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid at (202) 224-3542 and Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell at (202) 224-2541.
Send emails
Use EFF's action center to email your Senators and tell them to demand a debate or vote no on warrantless domestic spying.
With free agency mostly over with and the draft quickly approaching it is time to start looking at the Carolina Panthers' opponents for next year.
While we don't necessarily know when we are going to play each team, we do know which teams we will be playing.
This article will take a look at how the teams played last year, as well as giving a breakdown of their major free agent signings and losses until this point.
The NFC South
Atlanta Falcons (8-8):
Acquisitions: Alex Mack, Mohamed Sanu, Sean Weatherspoon
Losses: Paul Soliai, Nathan Stupar
Summary: After starting off red hot last year the Atlanta Falcons had a historic implosion winning only three of their last eleven games. However, it is important to remember that one of those wins was the Panthers only loss last year. At the beginning of the offseason the Falcons released an aging Roddy White, and have now brought in Mohamed Sanu in order to try and replace some of that production. They also brought in C Alex Mack to strengthen their offensive line.
New Orleans Saints (7-9):
Acquisitions: Coby Fleener, James Laurinaitis
Losses: Ben Watson, Marques Colston, Jahri Evans, Khiry Robinson, Brandon Browner
Summary: The Saints are in cap hell. They, at the time of this article, do not have enough cap space to sign their draft picks. We can assume that Drew Brees will restructure their contract to give the team a little breathing room.  They are currently scheduled to make $30mil this year. The loss of Jimmy Graham was felt last year by the Saints. They have brought in former Indianapolis Colt TE Coby Fleener to hopefully help give Brees a big target to throw to.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers (6-10):
Acquisitions: J.R. Sweezy, Brent Grimes, Robert Ayers
Losses: Logan Mankins, Bruce Carter
Summary: Tampa Bay is looking to improve under second year QB Jameis Winston.  They are going to have some help since the Bucs were able to retain RB Doug Martin. In addition they have addressed their defense despite having the #10 ranked defense in the league last year. Even with a new headcoach, Dirk Koetter, the Bucs could see some success this year due to their offense.
War in Yugoslavia 'was a NATO essay for recent interventions in other countries'
After nearly 20 years of NATO bombing of former Yugoslavia - then only Serbia and Montenegro - in 1999, the actions of the Western military force spread throughout the world. From Slovenia to Bosnia, the then land of the southern Slavs, home to distinct ethnicities and religions living harmoniously for 40 years, Was quartered and drowned in blood.
Eduardo Vasco
With the excuse of protecting the civilians of the rebel province of Kosovo from the supposed Serbian persecutions, the West supported the group considered terrorist Army of Liberation of Kosovo and, perceiving its inefficiency in the division of the country, intervened directly. It was NATO's first military action in its 50 years of existence, even after the end of the Cold War - which had been the reason for its creation.
Innocent civilians murdered by NATO
Thousands of innocent civilians were killed by daily bombings in Belgrade and other regions.
NATO's war against Yugoslavia was the latest in the series of wars the country experienced during the 1990s. From Slovenia to Bosnia, the then land of the southern Slavs, home to distinct ethnicities and religions living harmoniously for 40 years, Was quartered and drowned in blood. Then NATO's direct attacks ended up destroying the country.
The monitoring of the press was a decisive factor for the bombing to occur. For years the Serbs and their president, Slobodan Milosevic, had been accused of being criminals and oppressors - although the Hague Tribunal itself acknowledged that such accusations were an exaggeration.
Media coverage biased
According to journalist Mário Augusto Jakobskind, at the time editor of "Tribuna da Imprensa" newspaper in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, media coverage during the wars in Yugoslavia "was generally a biased coverage in which the single-minded scheme prevailed and in which information, as happens in wars in general, was also a great victim."
In this interview, Jakobskind, who is also a historian and author of the book "Yugoslavia: New World Order Laboratory," evaluates the war news and compares NATO's actions in that event with its subsequent interventions around the world.
What did the war in Yugoslavia, at the end of the twentieth century, represent in historical terms?
Somehow it was a Western rehearsal, more precisely of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and not the Western Alliance, as Brazilian TV news says, of the subsequent action in Libya a few years later and in other countries such as Iraq, for example.
Has globalization, instead of dissolving borders, contributed to the exacerbation of nationalisms?
In fact, nationalism has become a strategy of self-defense for countries threatened by imperialism, a term that has been silenced in recent times, but which actually exists and is exacerbated. In other words, the goal of globalization has been the dissolution of borders, and nationalism has become a way for some national states to defend themselves.
In addition to the coverage of the Kosovo War, did you follow the news of previous wars in other regions of Yugoslavia? How do you assess media coverage in these pre-Kosovo conflicts?
In general, it was a biased coverage in which the single-minded scheme prevailed and information, as happens in wars in general, was also a major victim. One concrete example occurred with the Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic, who was arrested and beforehand convicted without even being tried. About ten years later, when they were already dead, the Hague Court cleared them of the accusations that they had been responsible for "genocide." The media generally compared them to Adolf Hitler. And the same media, both national and international agencies, were practically silent about the Hague Court verdict.
Were both the Brazilian and the international news media biased in the Kosovo War? Were there differences in coverage?
The national news, with rare exceptions, among which the then newspaper of Rio de Janeiro, Tribuna da Imprensa, reported a biased war against the Serbs.
Why was Brazilian coverage biased? What interests were there?
The unconditional alignment with the news of the international agencies, mostly North American, English, French, German and Spanish, has been a constant in international press releases. And that has happened in the episodes mentioned (Yugoslavia, Kosovo, Milosevic etc), and as well, it continues in the present time, even with respect to the neighboring Venezuela. Automatic alignment has been a constant factor.
It seems to me that in the pre-Kosovo wars the media demanded UN intervention in Yugoslavia. After the UN began intervening, it was heavily criticized because it would be colluding with Serbian "atrocities" and part of the media called for Western military action. Do you think that was part of the strategy to get NATO to bomb Yugoslavia in 1999, ignoring any decision by the UN?
Everything was outlined beforehand, because the goal was always NATO intervention, under the command of the Pentagon.
Who was interested in dividing Yugoslavia? It's because of what? What is the media relationship with this?
I think the question is already answered. The interest of Europe and the United States was in that sense. Historical facts make it very clear. Media coverage broadly completed the scheme.
Do you see similarities between media coverage in Yugoslavia and in other countries that have experienced conflicts or crises in this 21st century?
As I have already stated: Libya, Iraq and more recently Venezuela, not to mention other examples to be better analyzed as events in various other parts of the world, including Sudan and even Egypt, not to mention Tunisia and more recently, Syria.
Translated from the Portuguese version of Pravda.Ru
By Olga Selyanina
Pravda.Ru
Portuguese version
Posting comments on Facebook and other social media would not be an offence under Section 66A of the IT Act if such comments related to freedom of speech and expression. (Photo: PTI/File)
New Delhi: The Centre on Tuesday informed the Supreme Court that posting comments on Facebook and other social media would not be an offence under Section 66A of the IT Act if such comments related to freedom of speech and expression.
Additional solicitor-general Tushar Mehta, appearing for the Centre, made this submission before a bench of Justices J. Chelameswar and Rohinton Nariman, examining the constitutional validity of Section 66A, relating to objectionable comments in the social media. This provision empowers the police to arrest the person concerned for posting annoying comments.
Defending the provision, the ASG said offences under Section 66A would be attracted only for cyber crimes and not to offences which had no relation to citizens' freedom of speech and expression.
The ASG said, “Section 66A, which uses expressions like causing annoyance, inconvenience etc, essentially and intends to deal with such cyber crimes and has no relation with freedom of speech and expression.”
NBC 7's Matt Rascon reports from Sunset Cliffs after a man fell to their death Monday night. (Published Tuesday, July 15, 2014)
A 27-year-old is dead after falling 40 feet from Sunset Cliffs Tuesday morning.
Multiple agencies responded to the rescue near Ladera Street just before 4 a.m..
The man was found by crews who administered CPR. However, the man was pronounced dead at the scene.
Officials say the man was looking at the cliffs with friends when they lost their footing and fell.
Man Dies in Sunset Cliffs Fall
NBC 7's Matt Rascon reports from Sunset Cliffs where a man fell to their death Tuesday, July 15, 2014. (Published Tuesday, July 15, 2014)
A bystander on the beach helped locate the man, who was in critical condition at the time.
Police were at the scene investigating, but they do not suspect foul play at this time.
This is a post I've been meaning to write for a long time, and is in my opinion, the most important post on my entire blog.
Nail art theft. Pretty much every nail artist has experienced it at some point. It's when someone else takes your photo of your nails and posts it somewhere else without crediting you. And oh, how it makes us nail artists angry. I've had people tell me to just "deal with it," been ignored and others I know have been sworn at and blocked. But no. I will not, and we will not "just get over it".
This post will hopefully help others understand where we're coming from. Many culprits are naive teenage girls, who are just after 'likes' and easy popularity, and don't know what they're doing is illegal in most countries. They're not doing it maliciously, but they need to know that what they're doing is wrong.
There are different levels of theft, and the way I see it, these are:
1. Taking the photo and posting it somewhere without crediting the owner.
This can be anywhere - on Facebook, Pinterest, a blog, Tumblr, Instagram and many more.
Crediting provides a way for viewers to find the original artist; you can credit simply by leaving their blog link or tagging them. It's a minimal amount of effort on your part, but makes a big difference to nail artists. If everyone did this, there would be no need for watermarks.
Example: Posting this photo without also posting this page's URL.
2. Taking the photo, posting it and editing/cropping out the watermark.
This is bad, really bad. This counts as malicious, straight away. If the victim or their blogging friends find this, they're not going to be nice. It means that no one can find the original artist, which is just silly. If someone likes one of their nail art designs, they will definitely like more of them! It's also a really disrespectful thing to do to the nail artist; they spent a long time painting their nails, photographing them, watermarking and then posting them, only to have someone stop them from getting credit. One of the worst pages I've seen for doing this is below. I'll talk about this particular page in more detail soon, but here are my horse nails with the watermark blurred out.
3. Taking the photo, editing out the watermark and replacing it with their own.
Replacing someone's watermark with your own is the lowest form of nail art theft. I feel it needs no more explanation than that. This is becoming disappointingly common with facebook pages. These girls google "nail art" or something similar, copy all of the pictures and then feel that because they made the effort to do a Google search, they have the right to splash their watermark all over them. Wrong on so many levels!! One of the craziest messages I've ever gotten on my facebook page was a girl who wanted me to advertise their page. Them page was full of stolen and re-watermarked pictures! Here's one below, originally done by A Girl with some Clothes. I've removed the watermark this page added - I don't want them gaining any followers from this! They don't seem to replace watermarks anymore at least, but they still post uncredited pictures.
Here's the conversation I had with them - I thought it was so entertaining and ridiculous I just had to save it!
They honestly seemed to think they deserved all the credit because they had done a Google search or two. Crazy. In saying that, I'm sure she's a lovely person in real life, just not very educated on copyright laws. Or my country, haha. New Zealand is a very friendly place, thank you very much!
4. Taking a picture and posting it somewhere, claiming that you did the nail art.
I don't think I've experienced this myself yet, but others have. Just today on instagram a nail girl called nailsbyhayleyb had another instagram user take them picture. The original didn't have a watermark, so the thief added one on and swore and declared it was their own work. It's ridiculous! Fingers and nail sizes are remarkably distinct, and you could easily tell that the nails were done by the first girl! Other people have had their nail art entered into competitions, and been harassed and bullied when they spoke up about it.
Here's a thought.
Some wonderful, selfless people may do nail art and purposely not watermark it, leaving it free for the world to use. That's great and all, and I'd love to show you their blogs or instagr- OH WAIT, no one knows who they are. See? Sure, their pictures may be famous, but they're unheard of. They're lost in the big wide world of cyberspace.
What affect does nail art theft have on bloggers?
Massive loss of exposure, of followers, of pageviews, profits, a massive loss of everything. At the time of writing this, I desperately need a (new) job. I work 8 hours a week, and that's all I have to survive off. Until I get a job, we're borrowing money while my husband works two part time jobs AND studies. It's a fairly reasonable assumption that I wouldn't have this problem if everyone had always credited me. I would be earning enough off my blog to not have to seek out more work. Instead, I've thus far earned a grand total of $30 from Google Adsense. "So what?" you may think, "not my problem!"
This affects fans of nail art too. I wonder how many nail artists have given up on their blogs, sick of fighting a seemingly losing battle? Or have become too busy with their jobs to dedicate enough time to nail art?
Working 40 hours a week doesn't leave much time to do intricate designs on your nails, and when your pageviews are dropping while thievery keeps going up - what's the point? Especially when it comes to time-consuming posts like tutorials.
However, I'm not stopping, not at this stage. I love it too much! I'll just see how it goes once I get a job. I imagine I'll have to cut down my postings to once or twice a week.
My story
here. A Facebook page took an unwatermarked version of it from we heart it - I didn't know about watermarking when I first started, and you can't delete photos off that site. This picture got over 70,000 likes. Their followers doubled (if not tripled), as it swept across facebook. Meanwhile, my little blog was being ignored. As the photo was unwatermarked, I couldn't really blame them for not crediting me, as they wouldn't have known who I was. I tried to talk to them, asking for credit - I was ignored many times and when they finally replied, they were defensive, rude, and refused to acknowledge me as the source. Bad idea. I reported the photo to facebook and it was removed within a day - facebook is excellent at that! Six months later, this page, which had about 300,000 likes, no longer exists. Once a page gets enough reports, Facebook notices it and checks it out properly (this page was full of stolen pictures!) That's where nail art theft will lead you, it's just a matter of time. When my blog was only a couple of months old and pretty much unknown, a picture was stolen. They were my first converse chucks design, which you can findA Facebook page took an unwatermarked version of it from we heart it - I didn't know about watermarking when I first started, and you can't delete photos off that site.Their followers doubled (if not tripled), as it swept across facebook. Meanwhile, my little blog was being ignored. As the photo was unwatermarked, I couldn't really blame them for not crediting me, as they wouldn't have known who I was. I tried to talk to them, asking for credit - I was ignored many times and when they finally replied, they were defensive, rude, and refused to acknowledge me as the source. Bad idea. I reported the photo to facebook and it was removed within a day - facebook is excellent at that! Six months later, this page, which had about 300,000 likes, no longer exists. Once a page gets enough reports, Facebook notices it and checks it out properly (this page was full of stolen pictures!) That's where nail art theft will lead you, it's just a matter of time.
Since then my pictures have been stolen more times than I can count, but only one other page has really infuriated me. There's a page on Facebook called Unas Decoradas - spanish for decorated nails (essentially, nail art).
Yeah, I can't spell thieves, oops!
thousands of uncredited nail art pictures. Even worse? They know it's wrong, and they keep doing it. I've caught them out several times before, but they just keep on posting! Once they even tried to give me credit - only 'tried' because they actually credited me with someone else's picture *rolls eyes.* A month or two after the first time I called them out on it (and I thought they were doing things legally now), they did this to me. The original picture can be found
They actually edited EVERYTHING I had written on it out! This would have taken 20x longer than simply crediting me!
And again, to
They have over a million 'fans' - and they have postedof uncredited nail art pictures. Even worse? They know it's wrong, and they keep doing it. I've caught them out several times before, but they just keep on posting! Once they even tried to give me credit - only 'tried' because they actually credited me with someone else's picture *rolls eyes.* A month or two after the first time I called them out on it (and I thought they were doing things legally now), they did this to me. The original picture can be found here They actually edited EVERYTHING I had written on it out! This would have taken 20x longer than simply crediting me!And again, to Wacky Laki. These are just two examples, too, there were many more.
The page that posts these stolen, altered pictures is called ~uñas decoradas~ and is still on facebook - here. Want to help stop the thievery? Report them. Tell the original nail artists. Report them some more. Make facebook notice! If I had money, I would actually take legal action against them.
The page that posts these stolen, altered pictures is called ~uñas decoradas~ and is still on facebook -. Want to help stop the thievery? Report them. Tell the original nail artists. Report them some more. Make facebook notice! If I had money, I would actually take legal action against them.
How can you use a picture but not get in trouble?
. That thing is amazing. Most pictures, however, have watermarks. Mine is Nailed it NZ, obviously, and that's my name on most social media sites. If you're posting a picture of mine on instagram, tag me @naileditnz. On facebook, type @Nailed it NZ to tag me (you may have to like my page first). Anywhere else, just post the link to my page (nailedit1.blogspot.co.nz) and say they were done by Nailed it NZ. The same goes for every other artist - see a name? Put it down. It's not hard, and a lot better than having a bunch of nail artists hating on you and getting your page eventually shut down. Credit them! Easy. If there is no watermark it is definitely harder, but you can normally still find it by using google's search by image That thing is amazing. Most pictures, however, have watermarks. Mine is Nailed it NZ, obviously, and that's my name on most social media sites. If you're posting a picture of mine on instagram, tag me @naileditnz. On facebook, type @Nailed it NZ to tag me (you may have tofirst). Anywhere else, just post the link to my page (nailedit1.blogspot.co.nz) and say they were done by Nailed it NZ. The same goes for every other artist - see a name? Put it down. It's not hard, and a lot better than having a bunch of nail artists hating on you and getting your page eventually shut down.
How can nail artists avoid nail art theft?
The easiest way is to have a big, obnoxious watermark across your picture. Most people don't like that though, and for good reason. My current watermarks look like this - one or two small ones right next to the nails and a bigger one on the edge of the picture. Picasa's a good, free program you can use to watermark.
Make sure they can't be cropped out. In this picture, if you tried to crop my big watermark you'd lose half my pinky. That just looks suspicious - whenever I see only part of a nail design I instantly look for the watermark, thinking that it's been stolen.
Don't put up with nail art theft. Block them, report them, tell them off. Try to be nice though - as I mentioned earlier, most of them are just kids who don't know what they're doing. If they refuse to credit you, then you can be tough. If they realise what they were doing was wrong and promise not to anymore, great! Keep an eye on them for a while though. Most importantly, thank those that DO give you credit. I try to, but don't always get to do it for every one (either because I'm too busy or the account was private). Let them know that it's appreciated, and if you like their blog/account/whatever, follow them.
If you'd like me to add anything to this, email me - you can find my email address in the contact me tab. Please share this page with other nail artists and their followers, so awareness can be raised.
Thanks for reading and feel free to leave your experiences with nail art theft in the comments!
Los Angeles, the second largest city in the U.S. with 4 million inhabitants, has its share of problems: A crisis with an exploding homeless population, rising violent crime rate, around-the-clock gridlock, deteriorating and potholed roads, and air pollution so bad that a word — “smog” — was invented for it.
But with all these pressing issues at hand, the L.A. city council found time to dive into foreign policy and demand an investigation into President Donald Trump, hoping to find impeachable offenses to remove them from office.
On Friday, the city council voted 10-0 to pass a resolution asking Congress to investigate whether Trump violated the Constitution's foreign emoluments clause or committed any other high crimes and misdemeanors that could lead to impeachment.
The impetus for this resolution is Trump's relationship with Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte as a new 57-story Trump Tower in Manila is set to open soon. The hotel was conceived and under construction well before Trump ran for president. But what any of this has to do with Los Angeles is unclear.
What's clear is this: the resolution has zero legal weight, even a representative for city councilman Bob Blumenfield, who authored the resolution, said so. “It's putting the city of L.A. on record to investigate Trump,” according to Jake Flynn, Blumenfield's spokesperson.
Of the 14 current L.A. city council members (one vacant), 13 are Democrats. Three of them were absent from Friday's vote. The council's lone Republican, Mitch Englander, who represents north San Fernando Valley, missed the vote on purpose.
“I walked out because I did not feel that voting to impeach a president was under the purview of the Los Angeles City Council,” Englander told the L.A. Times. “We should be focusing on public safety, fixing our roads and cleaning up our neighborhoods.”
The U.S. Secret Service is looking into a violent rant by "Cat Scratch Fever" rocker Ted Nugent in which they denounced President Barack Obama and their top advisers as "evil" and urged National Rifle Association members to help "chop their heads off in November."
"I'll tell you this right now: If Barack Obama becomes the president in November, again, I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year," Nugent said. "We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November. Any questions?"
Nugent, speaking at the organization's annual gathering over the weekend, praised NRA members but warned that if they did not "get everybody in your lives to clean house in this vile, evil, America-hating administration, I don't even know what you're made out of."
"If the coyote's in your living room, pissing on your couch, it's not the coyote's fault. It's your fault for not shooting him," they said.He also denounced the administration as "criminals" and said a Democratic victory in November would mean "we'll be a suburb of Indonesia next year" — an apparent reference to Obama's boyhood time there.
Secret Service spokesperson Brian Leary told Yahoo News: "We are aware of the incident and we are conducting appropriate follow-up."
And a spokesperson for Mitt Romney, whom Nugent has endorsed, distanced the campaign from their remarks.
"Divisive language is offensive no matter what side of the political aisle it comes from. Mitt Romney believes everyone needs to be civil," Andrea Saul said by email.
Correction, 10:06 am Wednesday: This post was corrected to fix the title of Nugent's song in the first paragraph, incorrectly referred to in the original post as "Catch Scratch Fever."
More popular Yahoo! News stories:
• The GSA scandal's powerful and powerless players
• How Hilary Rosen saved Barack Obama from a more damaging episode
• Romney's budget plan shouldn't be a secret reserved for wealthy donors
Want more of our best political stories? Visit The Ticket or connect with us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, or add us on Tumblr. Handy with a camera? Join our Election 2012 Flickr group to submit your photos of the campaign in action.
PHILADELPHIA -- Despite making an encouraging return from devastating knee injuries, Andrew Bynum is still pondering whether to continue to play and battle ongoing knee pain or retire.
On Friday, Bynum hopes to do something they aren't able to do all of last season -- play in Philadelphia. They missed the 2012-13 season with knee issues after the 76ers executed a major trade for them and planned to make them a franchise cornerstone.
But even as he's defied the odds by returning to play with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Bynum is still in discomfort following surgeries to both knees earlier this year.
"Retirement was a thought, it was a serious thought. It still is," Bynum, 26, said after Cavs' practice at Temple University. "It's tough to enjoy the game because of how limited I am physically. I'm working through that. Every now and again I do [think about retirement]. … It's still career-threatening. I'm a shell of myself on the court right now. I'm just struggling mentally."
Bynum is expecting to get a rough reception Friday night. There was a perception that they didn't make their rehab a priority while they were with the 76ers, especially after they admitted they reinjured their knee while bowling during the season. Several times they were on the verge of returning to play only to have a setback.
"If I could've played I would have," Bynum said. "I don't really care [how the fans will treat him]. It is what it is. I was hurt and I'm still hurt but I'm trying. … Nothing went bad, nothing went wrong. I think people just need to accept the facts that my knees are the way they are."
Gumroad logo photo via @delk
Best Gumroad Pages for Concept Art & Digital Painting Tutorials
Resources Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links. That means if you buy something we get a small commission at no extra cost to you( learn more
There are dozens of great online courses that can teach you concept art, animation, character design, and anything else you wanna learn. But most of these courses are intensive and require dedication for weeks, if not months, at a time.
One alternative to online courses is Gumroad, a digital distribution site where anyone can sell anything from ebooks to Photoshop brushes and art tutorials.
Gumroad doesn't have a great search feature so it's hard to find pages selling these digital art tutorials. And that's why I made this guide: to help you find the best Gumroad tutorials to bring your digital artwork to the next level.
John J. Park
John Park is a concept artist with credits in the film and video game industry. Their Gumroad page Jparked has dozens of tutorials ranging from $10 to $30 with varying depth and subject matter.
A lot of their tutorials are one-off guided painting sessions like this one where John teaches you how to paint a cathedral interior from scratch. All their lessons come with full HD videos and most last a few hours at a time.
The vast majority of their content is geared towards professional concept artists or skilled digital artists who want to push themselves further. But they do have various bundle packs that cover the basics of lighting, anatomy, perspective, and other fundamentals.
John Park's work is phenomenal and their Gumroad tutorial library is massive. If you're an aspiring concept artist then definitely check out their page.
Kalen Chock
Another very talented artist is Kalen Chock with a Gumroad page full of digital painting tutorials for all skill levels.
Kalen has experience working with Fantasy Flight Games along with many other big brand studios. He's even taught a few CGMA courses which are fully geared towards self-taught artists. This teaching experience shines through in their video tutorials which typically range from 1-3 hours long.
Some of their tutorials are super specific like their environment design package with 3 videos teaching perspective and painting over 3D objects.
But Kalen also sells resources like PSD files and color swatches that you can use in your own work.
Most of this stuff is geared towards beginners but it's a stellar resource for aspiring concept artists.
John Sweeney
Naughty Dog is best known for making Crash Bandicoot and now running the Uncharted series. Concept artist John Sweeney works at Naughty Dog and produces relevant tutorials for aspiring artists.
Most of these videos are guided recordings of John's work. They don't specifically guide the viewer along a teaching path, but the viewer can learn a lot by studying John's workflow.
For example this video pack has 5.5 hours of 1080p video covering the theory and practice behind their work as it unfolds. They share tips along the way and includes reading suggestions for aspiring concept artists.
John's page is a hodgepodge of great resources and the pricing is reasonable too.
Eytan Zana
Eytan Zana is another Naughty Dog concept artist with tremendous technical skill in digital painting. You can browse through Eytan's tutorials on Gumroad to find some real gems.
The page is fairly small but it has a lot of great stuff. Their color and light series covers 3 hours of fundamentals and examples made for digital painters looking to improve their skills. And this course costs about the same price as a meal at McDonald's so it seems like a nice buy.
I do hope Eytan releases more videos soon because the quality is superb. But professional concept artists are busy people so I'm grateful Eytan has released anything.
Anthony Jones
Anthony Jones is a very well-known concept artist with clients spanning the entire entertainment industry including Sony, FOX, Disney, Blizzard, Marvel and so much more.
Their Gumroad page is branded under Robotpencil which is also the name of their website. All tutorials on their site link back to Gumroad so everything you see on their page is the full library.
You'll find courses made for complete beginners, intermediate-level artists, and more skilled professionals looking to up their game. Plus Anthony's videos are generally on the cheaper side covering everything from digital painting to Zbrush.
Tyler Edlin
Tyler is one of the most skilled concept artists in the modern era and they ranked in our most popular concept artists post.
Thankfully they share a lot of their techniques on Gumroad covering mostly environments both exterior and interior. A great example is their older fantasy environment tutorial spanning a couple hours teaching how to paint 2 completely different interiors from scratch.
Naturally this material works best for someone who already knows how to draw and paint on a tablet. But Tyler has other courses aimed at beginners like the Fundamentals of Composition mini-course.
As of this writing Tyler's Gumroad page has about 15 packs of tutorials & references/resources. But as time goes on I'm sure he'll share more.
James Paick
James Paick is yet another infamous concept artist with years of experience in the entertainment industry. Their page has lots of tutorial packs totaling 20+ items to sift through.
Novice artists might enjoy their Environment Design Basics course teaching composition, value, layout, contrast, lighting, and other crucial fundamental skills. That bundle alone totals almost 4 hours of unique video content.
Aspiring professionals should look into James' creative environments series which comes in four parts each delving into a different aspect of concept art for environments(a Paick specialty).
Their skills more than speak for themselves and I absolutely recommend their Gumroad tutorials if you're serious about environment art.
Rad Sechrist
In a previous post I covered Rad's storyboarding school made for aspiring animators. But Rad also has a Gumroad page of pre-recorded digital tutorials that you can buy and study from.
Unfortunately they only has 3 at the time of writing this post. But they're three big topics aimed towards animators:
Drawing heads for animation
Perspective for animation
Male & female construction
All their lessons are easy to follow and practically made for beginning animators. Rad has credits working for big studios like Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon so he's a qualified artist and their tutorials are pretty cheap.
These videos won't help to aspire concept artists but they're perfect for anyone seriously considering animation or storyboarding as a career.
Alex Ruiz
Concept artist & illustrator Alex Ruiz has published over 20+ tutorials on their Gumroad page. These range from videos on how to make PS brushes up to much more complex guides on detailed architecture.
Alex's command of technical details shines through in these tutorials. If you don't already understand fundamentals like perspective, lighting, and composition, then you will be lost.
I wouldn't recommend any of these tutorials for beginners since they move fast and cover deeper topics. But if you've hit a plateau with your digital work and want to push forward then check out what Alex has to offer.
David Colman
Cartooning and fun art styles work best with animation and visual development. This is exactly what you get with David Colman's digital art tutorials which mostly focus on character designs.
David's unique style of teaching is refreshing and their artistic skillset is quite diverse. Most of their videos come in multiple parts so they can add up over time. But most of the individual videos average $2-$5 a piece which isn't so bad.
A full pack of all the videos from their Art of Character Design course totals $15 which is pretty damn cheap. And David isn't just creating random characters. He's actually teaching how to think about shape, form, color, pose, and other factors that relate to a great character design.
David's tutorials are detailed enough to work for any artist whether you wanna do animation, illustration, or concept art.
Michael Lim(Daarken)
Daarken is the pseudonym of Michael Lim, an insanely talented digital artist who's done work for Riot, Warner Bros, Blizzard, Bethesda, and pretty much any other game studio you can imagine.
They run a sizable Gumroad page with great tutorials of different styles and goals. They do a lot of concept art & digital painting tutorials like this one teaching shortcut techniques for painting in Photoshop.
But Daarken also has video tutorials on realist figure painting sharing their techniques for capturing a model in repose. All of their tuts aim to teach a very specific technique whether it's composition or visual FX for digital painters.
And their videos are surprisingly cheap averaging $5-$6 per lesson. Incredible artist with some of the best Gumroad tutorials for concept artists.
This post only covers a handful of the best Gumroad pages for concept art & animation tutorials. These pages have the highest quality content and the most variety for beginners and experts alike.
But if you want more check out this list put together on Polycount. It organizes Gumroad pages by topic(ie. Zbrush, concept art, pixel art) and it has a few hundred that you can browse through.
Change is in the air, says Paul Boag
As web professionals we often look at other industries with disbelief at their failure to adapt to digital. The downfall of music retailing, the demise of companies like Kodak and the challenges faced by newspapers.
But are we aware of the changes happening in our own sector? The web is now over 25 years old. Are we beginning to get set in our ways? Are we just as blind to changes as other industries?
I am aware I'm maybe sounding melodramatic and I don't mean to be. We are not about to see our roles disappear. We may not see many travel agents or encyclopaedia salespersons around these days because of digital. But that doesn't mean we are in immediate danger.
That said, there are certain trends that are worthy of our attention. These are trends that might not make us obsolete, but they will change what we do from day-to-day.
The four trends I'm talking about are:
The move towards in-house teams
The automation of code
The rise of software as a service
The decline of the website
01. The move towards in-house teams
The way businesses perceive the web has changed a lot in recent years. Once seen as another marketing channel, it is now perceived as business critical for a lot of organisations.
Many companies have decided it is unwise to rely on an outside supplier for business critical operations. Instead they are building internal teams to take on the role. This is strategically wise, but also provides significant cost savings over the longer term.
We are beginning to see this impact our sector as agencies compete for a shrinking number of opportunities at the top end of the market. Some agencies such as Adaptive Path and Mark Boulton Design have sold to their clients. Effectively they have become in-house teams. Others are being forced to downsize.
Adaptive Path are one of many agencies recently sold to their clients
Of course no in-house team is going to have every skill they need to operate. There will still be work for the specialist. But, whether specialist agencies are sustainable is hard to tell. Instead we might see the growth of specialist contractors who work on short term contracts with in-house teams.
This means that those of us working in high-end agencies need to think about our long term position. The chances are we will see a growing number of agencies close their doors over the coming years. Those of us who work for those agencies may well find ourselves joining in-house teams. That or becoming much more specialised in our role.
But it is not just those working at the top end of the market who will experience change.
02. The rise of software as a service
The rise of software as a service is threatening the lower end of all kinds of sectors. For example, services like FreeAgent are replacing traditional bookkeepers. In fact SaaS is eroding traditional models in everything from recruitment to customer management.
Unfortunately for some, web design is no exception. There was a time when self employed web designers could produce cheap websites from home and make a reasonable income. Today that is becoming hard with services like Squarespace allowing people to build their own website.
FreeAgent is in the vanguard of the trend for software-as-a-service
But this doesn't just apply to 'build your own website' services. It would now be insanity to build a custom content management system in the vast majority of cases. Once this was big business for many developers. The same is true for ecommerce platforms. Services like Shopify means the days of building shopping carts for most are over.
What this does are push those high-end web designers up market at exactly the same time as the high-end agencies are lowering their prices. This squeezes the middle.
Software as a service is commoditising much of what use to be bespoke work. But even bespoke design is becoming easier than ever before.
03. The automation of coding
There was a time when being able to code good quality HTML and CSS was enough. That is no longer the case. Not only is there a surplus of people able to do this, the need to code is waning.
Tools like Macaw and Adobe Reflow are enabling designers to do much of the work of front-end coders. Now I know what you are thinking — these tools create terrible CSS. You are right, but they are a sign of things to come. Over time these tools will become more sophisticated. It wouldn't surprise me if eventually hand coding HTML and CSS becomes a skill few still need.
Although these tools will never produce code as good as a person, it will be good enough. In the end it will come down to return on investment. For many 'quick to market code' that is 'good enough' will be a better investment than hand-coded.
Tools like Macaw are a sign of things to come
But even if that does not happen, these tools are already having an impact. Creating working prototypes has become much easier. A job that used to keep a front end coder busy for days if not weeks.
It's easy to dismiss the impact of these tools. They don't replace a good coder. But, I remember graphic designers saying the same thing about desktop publishing. DTP didn't replace the graphic designer but it did thin the herd.
If you are a designer, you might be feeling a little smug at this point. After all we will always need people to design websites no matter how we code our sites. But perhaps longer term even that will change.
04. The decline of the website
Have you noticed the gradual decline in the role of the website? Take for example going to see a movie. You know what you want to see, but you don't know where it is showing.
In the past you would have visited each movie theatre website one at a time to see if they were showing the film you wanted. Each website was different, crafted by a busy team of web designers.
My betting is that is not how you look up movies anymore. The chances are you have a single app on your mobile that aggregates movie listings from many sources. Perhaps you even ask Siri or just Google it.
Who needs websites when you have Siri?
This creates a much better experience as users don't have to deal with different interfaces. Unfortunately it does start to undermine the role of the designer crafting these different sites.
I am sure it won't be long before you ask Siri and they tell you when and where your film is on. The whole thing done by voice command, no user interface at all.
Content is being set free from design. Instead we are sharing content via APIs between applications and sites. Sometimes business owners are choosing to put their content on Facebook, Yelp or Foursquare. They are abandoning the idea of having their own site. This is something that is particularly prevalent in China.
Don't panic!
This might leave you feeling despondent about your future prospects. It shouldn't. As somebody who has worked in the web over 20 years, I can tell you that as long as you are able to adapt then none of this will be an issue. Sure, your role will change but you won't find yourself homeless.
The danger is that the transition could prove painful if you are not aware that change is coming. Whether I am right in my predictions or not you can be sure of one thing — the web will continue to evolve. As Charles Darwin said: "It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change."
Words: Paul Boag
Co-Founder of Headscape and host of the Boagworld Podcast, Paul Boag has spent more than 20 years of helping organisations manage digital change.
.- Pope Benedict XVI received President Barack Obama this afternoon in their private library, and after 36 minutes of private conversation, the pair emerged without providing any details about their topics of conversation. Nevertheless, the Holy See revealed that the Pope gave Obama an “unannounced gift”--a Vatican document on bioethics and the right to life.
"The G8 has been very productive, 20 billion dollars have been allocated [to poor countries]; that's something concrete," President Obama told the Pope when they asked about the summit, as photographers and journalists were ushered out of the Papal library.
The meeting between the Pope and the U.S. President started at 4:25 p.m. local time, after an unusually short meeting of ten minutes with the Secretary of State, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone.
After the private conversation, and again in front of the cameras, President Obama gave the Pontiff a stole that was drapped upon the body of St. John Neumann from 1988 to 2007. The Pope instead presented the president with a mosaic portraying St. Peter's Square and the Vatican Basilica, and an autographed copy of their latest social encyclical “Caritas in Veritate.”
“I will have something to read on the plane,” President Obama joked after receiving the encyclical.
In addition to their family, Obama's entourage included Kaye Wilson, General Jim Jones, Denis McDonough, Mona Sutphen, Robert Gibbs, David Axelrod, Julieta Valls (currently responsible for the U.S. Embassy to the Holy See), Alyssa Mastnaco Clay Beers, Melissa Winter, Joseph Clancy and interpreter Elisabeth Ullman. They all received commemorative medals and blessed Rosaries.
At the end of the meeting, the Pope said in English, "I pray for you and bless your work."
"I am very grateful, I hope we will have fruitful relationships," the President responded.
Despite the fact that the Vatican did not release an official statement about the nature of the meeting, the “unannounced” gift to Obama of the 2008 document "Dignitas Personae" on bioethics and the right to life, could be a signal of the nature of at least part of their conversation.
Hotlead is an event that I look forward to every year. Last year I missed it, but this year – I attended and ran two participation games of Frostgrave. I will write about the Frostgrave games later, but suffice it to say, they went well.
Every year, I am impressed with the number of people at Hotlead and the quality of Game Masters. James Manto really manages to attract great talent to the event and this year was no different. Check out these pictures of Hotlead 2017!
The Interaction around this table is excellent. These players are totally loving their game of Charlie Company and I can fully understand as I played the same game at the Lords of the North Game Day.
Every time I see this table, it is looking better and better. They guys are doing a great job at putting together a visually stunning game with a fun ruleset.
Elsewhere, we had a group of guys playing Bolt Action on a Stalingrad Table.
Love the Trenches. The KEGS guys always put together great tables.
There are some big buildings here.
I bet it would have been a lot of fun to play this game. To be honest, KEGS is the same crew that introduced me to Bolt Action two or three years ago. Since then, I have bought three armies and try to get in one to two Bolt Action games a month.
Aside from games that I am already very familiar with, there were a number of other games going on at the convention. Below are some pictures of those other games. For the most part, I am not sure what rule sets these are, but the games look cool. Please feel free to fill in some details in the comments area of this post.
A Micro Armour Game of Some Sort.
I think this is a winter time Chain of Command game.
The Table in Action.
A game of Hail Caesar. In this one, the Germans must ambush a Roman convoy going down the table. The Germans should get a strong alpha strike, but from there, the advantage would likely turn to the Romans.
A game of I Ain't Been Shot Mum being set up for deployment.
Another great looking table.
The GMs put in a lot of work for Hotlead and it shows. BTW… I love the Ox Carts on this Table!
Looks like there is a fair bit of player engagement going on in this game.
Look at the size of this Game!!!! It is Monstrously Huge!!!
A naval battle with some very tiny ships.
Despite the ships being tiny, check out the details on them.
Okay… I am impressed!!! Look at that Terrain! Amazing!
Another very cool looking game.
While a large portion of the games at Hotlead are Historical, games of other varieties hit the tables too. In a different room, there were GW games being played. I did not get pictures of those games though. Around the main hall, there were plenty of cool games including X-Wing, Road / Kill, A Homebrew Heroes Game, BattleTech, and my own Frostgrave game.
A very nice gaming board of X-Wing. It is the death star trench run. The Game Masters used clear plastic strips to allow ships above the trench. Very cool!!!
A Heroes Game ran by my friends over at Six Squared Studios.
Another shot of the Heroes game. These guys always do an amazing job on their tables and games.
Road / Kill. An Awesome game of Vehicular Combat. I did not play this time around, but I did a couple of years ago and loved it! The group I was playing with had a great time and getting to play the game with the designer just adds to the experience. 🙂
A Battle Tech Table between games.
My very own Frostgrave table at Hotlead. I ran two sessions at Hotlead and plan to write about those games in more detail later.
Update: Since the original publication of this article, I wrote up a Battle Report for the above game.
Not really related to participation games, but still very cool was a booth ran by a local gaming group looking to recruit players. The group is Ontario Hobbit Adventures and check out their displays. Beautiful!!!
An Ontario Group dedicated to The Hobbit Miniatures Game.
Some Lord of the Rings Action going on here.
This entire display here was hand made with Hirst Arts Molds. It looks great!
I was impressed. What a cool looking booth these guys set up!!!
Overall, I had a fantastic time at this convention. I knew I would though, because I always do. 🙂
Aside from plenty of awesome participation games, there were a number of vendors at Hotlead, including some of my favorites (J&M Miniatures, Six Squared Studios, RAFM and a buddy selling off their old Flames of War stock). Unfortunately, the event conflicted with Adepticon so my friends from Crucible Crush and Pulp Figures were not on hand this year for Hotlead. Perhaps I will see them again later at a future convention.
There was also a very large bring and buy table. I was looking for boats for use with the “Island” setting Frostgrave slated to come out in the fall. I found some there, but they were not in my budget so I passed them up. Too bad. They were nice.
What I did end up buying was a Paint Bottle Holder by Six Squared Studios, some American Airforces Blisters for Bolt Action from J&M Miniatures and some Gale Force Nine clearance items from my friend Hal's Booth.
Thanks goes out again to James Manto for running this fantastic annual event! Before signing out, I would like to give a quick shout out to The Mad Padre. I saw you at Hotlead, but I was so busy with my gaming table that I was unable to chat.
Until next time, Happy Gaming Everyone!!!
The top five states with the highest income inequality rates all voted to reelect President Barack Obama, though no state boasted a higher rate of inequality than Washington, D.C. This ia according to a study released this week by MoneyRates.com.
The study used data from the Bureau of Labor statistics to measure how many times more money the top-earning income bracket of a state made than bottom earners. Researchers compared the top 25th percentile earner to the bottom 25th percentile earner and divided the sums into each other, then ranked states by number. California, in which a top 25th percentile earner makes 2.55 times more than a bottom 25th percentile earner, is by far the most unequal state, followed by New York, New Jersey, Michigan, and President Obama's home state of Illinois.
In Washington, D.C., however, a top 25th percentile earner makes 2.6 times the amount of money a bottom 25th percentile earner makes, which represents the biggest gap in the nation. Maryland and Virginia both make the top ten group of the biggest gaps in income, and Maryland experienced the largest gap increase in the past decade of any state: 12.05%. Breitbart News has previously reported that eight of the 13 wealthiest counties in the U.S.A. are in the D.C. region. Texas and Louisiana are the only red states in the top ten.
The state with the least income inequality is South Dakota, where a worker in the top 25th percentile makes only 1.89 times the money someone in the bottom 25th percentile makes. Maine and Vermont, both blue states, follow suit. Iowa and New Hampshire, at seven and eight on the list, round out the blue states in the study with the lowest income gaps. Arkansas, Mississippi, North Dakota, and Nebraska also are among the top ten most equal.
Richard Barrington, the researcher who published the report, explained on MoneyRates.com that the research points to two findings: Democrats are more sensitive to income inequality because it is more prevalent in states that elect them, and economic inequality is not necessarily a bad thing for the state's economy. Barrington explains that, since “people in states who supported Obama are experiencing more income inequality than people in other states,” and those people also tend to vote Democrat, the Democratic Party has an incentive to vocalize concerns that Republican constituents deal with less often.
Barrington them completely rejects what those Democrats are arguing: that income inequality is a problem that must be solved. “[D]ifferences in income are a natural condition of a capitalist society,” Barrington writes, adding that the study corroborates the claim that “incentives created by income inequality make the economy more dynamic,” and that “a reasonable degree of income inequality is actually good for a state's prosperity.” They note that the median worker in more unequal states makes more money than the median worker in other states.
Opponents of the President's crusade against income equality have long argued that wealth redistribution solves no economic problems, using evidence from the President's own policies to prove that policies that require wasteful government spending actually increase the gap between the rich and poor. Government spending has caused an internal devaluation of the dollar that suppresses wages. Pro-corporation tax loopholes and globalization have done even more to increase the wealth gap, increasing corporate profits while tearing the floor out from under the American laborer. Economic policies are not the only thing coming out of the Obama administration that has contributed to income inequality; a study by the union Unite Here concluded that the Affordable Care Act will actively make income inequality worse by cutting wages and weakening employers.
Nonetheless, the White House is determined to make income inequality a pivotal issue for years to come, with President Obama calling it “the defining challenge of our time.” Press Secretary Jay Carney denied that the Obama administration's policies damaged income inequality when confronted with the question, suggesting instead that the uptick in the wage gap began under President George W. Bush. Not all on staff stuck to the message so strictly; one pollster publicly described income inequality as an issue that was “a bit overhyped.”
Husband: I don't care what anyone says, this is a great t-shirt.
Wife: I know honey, but do you have to wear it to the rehearsal dinner?
Husband: Uh, how else will everyone know that the father of the bride is not to be fucked with?
Wife: John, no one is going to “F” with you at our daughter's wedding.
Husband: Remember our wedding? Two fights broke out.
Wife: That you started!
Husband: I specifically told the DJ Steely Dan only! He's the one who started playing “Funkytown”.
Wife: John, this shirt is not appropriate for a rehearsal dinner!
Husband: Hold on. Did I just hear my wife tell me that loving the United States of America isn't appropriate.
Wife: I didn't say that.
Husband: I love three things in this world. The USA, Steely Dan and you. In that order.
Wife: I know, you tell me every night before we go to bed.
Husband: And in the morning.
Wife: Fine John, wear the damn shirt.
They start to walk away.
Wife: I just think it's strange that the dog on your patriotic shirt is a German Shepherd.
John looks down at their shirt.
Husband: Wait, what?
New CFPB Study Breaks Down The Numbers To Disprove Right-Wing Media's Anti-Consumer Myths March 11, 2015 5:10 PM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› MEAGAN HATCHER-MAYS
A new study from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has found that "forced arbitration" clauses in contracts for cellphones, credit cards, and car loans -- which typically include bans on class actions -- are highly beneficial to large corporations and provide little relief to wronged consumers. The study helps debunk the right-wing media's claims that arbitration is a cost-effective and worthy alternative to the courts. Conservative media outlets have repeatedly claimed that class actions unfairly penalize large corporations while lining the pockets of trial lawyers -- all while ignoring the fact that class-action lawsuits are still the best way for injured consumers to pursue justice and the most efficient way for companies to handle legal claims. Instead of class-action lawsuits, right-wing media prefer forced arbitration clauses, which require injured consumers to settle legal claims in expensive arbitration proceedings instead of in court. These clauses have become increasingly popular with banks, private student-loan providers, and the payday loan industry, and they are hidden in the fine print of tens of millions of "take it or leave it" contracts. According to Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, most Americans don't know that they're subject to the clauses, and the cost of initiating arbitration proceedings is so high that "most individuals covered by an arbitration clause cannot afford these costs and are forced to drop their cases." These attempts to allow corporate immunity to supersede federal rights are getting worse and can found in employment contracts, as well. As Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan warned the last time the court's conservative justices permitted these types of "unconscionable agreements": Here is the nutshell version of this case, unfortunately obscured in the Court's decision. The owner of a small restaurant (Italian Colors) thinks that American Express (Amex) has used its monopoly power to force merchants to accept a form contract violating the antitrust laws. The restaurateur wants to challenge the allegedly unlawful provision (imposing a tying arrangement), but the same contract's arbitration clause prevents them from doing so. That term imposes a variety of procedural bars that would make pursuit of the antitrust claim a fool's errand. So if the arbitration clause is enforceable, Amex has insulated itself from antitrust liability -- even if it has in fact violated the law. The monopolist gets to use its monopoly power to insist on a contract effectively depriving its victims of all legal recourse. And here is the nutshell version of today's opinion, admirably flaunted rather than camouflaged: Too darn bad.
Yet in the past, National Review has called forced arbitration clauses "especially generous towards consumers" and "an efficient and fair alternative to our costly and burdensome litigation system."
In reality, forced arbitration clauses rarely, if ever, provide meaningful relief to consumers who are bound by them. According to the groundbreaking new study from the CFPB, prepared in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, class-action litigation provides significantly more financial relief than arbitration proceedings do. As Reuters legal analyst Alison Frankel explained, the CFPB report is a "powerful vindication of consumer class actions." Frankel wrote that the "study's findings are unequivocal: Class actions deliver cash relief to vastly more consumers -- especially those with small dollar claims -- than individual arbitration" (emphasis added):
Proponents of arbitration portray it as a quicker and less expensive alternative to litigation, for businesses and ordinary people alike. Consumers, however, haven't taken advantage of arbitration's purported benefits, according to the CFPB. The study found that between 2010 and 2012, only about 410 individual consumers a year brought arbitration claims against financial services companies at the American Arbitration Association, which handles the majority of such cases. Arbitrators ended up deciding 341 cases in which a consumer claimed money from a bank. Consumers won 32. Another 46 people were granted debt forgiveness. A grand total of four -- four! -- consumers with a claim of less than $1,000 obtained relief in an AAA arbitration in 2010 and 2011. In all, AAA arbitrators awarded less than $173,000 in cash and about $190,000 in forbearance to consumers in those two years. Companies, meanwhile, fared much better. They were awarded about $2 million in arbitration against consumers, winning awards in 227 of the 244 cases in which their claims were decided by arbitrators.
By contrast, Frankel noted that the CFPB report also found that "34 million consumers had received or were due to receive cash from classwide litigation" and that the "total payout to consumers from class action settlements ... was at least $200 million a year, more than $1.1 billion over the timeframe the bureau studied." As the CFPB noted, "these figures do not include the potential value to consumers of companies changing their behavior" -- another classic deterrent effect of the courts.
Google's YouTube app for the iPhone and iPad has been lacking in many requests and could definitely use a little help from the user interface design standpoint.
For instance, why do I have to tap the magnifier icon in order to search whereas there should be a tappable search bar instead, which is more or less the norm in iOS app design these days?
A new update, now available in the App Store, leaves those questions unanswered.
On the other hand, the release improves upon other lacking areas. For starters, it's finally gained the stock iOS 7 keyboard (what took so long?), immediately bringing YouTube more up to date with iOS 7 aesthetics. Search capabilities have been improved upon and there are also other improvements concerning captions and subtitles…
Check out the newly implemented iOS 7 keyboard support, pictured on iPad top of post. The sidebar background has been blurred, too, and the status bar now follows iOS 7 conventions.
And right below is what it looks like on my iPhone 5s. Speaking of which, iOS 7.1 will bring a slightly tweaked keyboard design.
Oh, and you can now find videos, playlists and channels together in search results.
In addition to the modern soft keyboard look, this YouTube edition comes with formatting, positioning and user settings for video captions and subtitles.
YouTube version 2.3 is now available free in the App Store.
A community's interest in preventing homelessness and mitigating its effects tends to focus on the social value of those efforts.
That has been the case recently in Sarasota County, where the momentum is building to create and implement a strategic, comprehensive plan for tackling homelessness. For example, phrases like "doing the right thing," "tough love" and "transformational aid" have been liberally sprinkled throughout public gatherings on the topic.
But reducing homelessness isn't only a cause for bleeding hearts; it's for businesses, officials and taxpayers with eyes on economics and numbers.
Some economic impacts of homelessness are difficult to determine. But think back to last winter, when the increased number of street-level homeless people peaked and panhandlers seemed to be stationed at every prominent intersection.
Did those conditions promote the perception of public safety, especially in the urban core where homeless people are generally more visible?
No.
Did they have positive effects on nearby restaurants and retail establishments?
No.
On the tourism and real estate industries?
Of course not.
To the contrary, many city businesses and residents viewed the increase in homeless people as a deterrent to shoppers and diners, and detrimental to living downtown.
Figures to consider
Here are just a few figures to consider about other economic impacts:
• During a 16-month period ending in April, nearly 24 percent of the arrests (1,855 out of 7,834) made by Sarasota Police officers involved transients, according to a report released in May by City Manager Tom Barwin. Each of those arrests required a substantial investment of time by officers and, usually, a trip to the county jail.
• The average daily cost of housing an inmate is $73, according to Sheriff Tom Knight. The sheriff said it's hard to gauge how many people in the jail are homeless, because inmates self-report their living status or address.
But during the 2013 Point-in-Time Count, which attempts to identify the number of homeless people in the county on a given day, 108 respondents in Sarasota County said they spent the previous night in a jail or other detention facility. (The Sarasota County jail inmate population hovers near 1,000.)
Suppose there might be 100 homeless people in the county jail on any given day. If so, that would result in an annual cost of at least $2.6 million.
Hospital costs
Diverting all homeless people from the jail would not result in a $2.6 million savings: The jail has fixed costs, no matter the number of inmates; what's more, homeless people diverted from the jail could be supplanted by other arrestees.
Nevertheless, it seems clear that the costs of arresting, booking and jailing homeless people are substantial.
• During 2012, more than 1,200 people living on the streets were transported to the Sarasota Memorial Hospital emergency room for treatment.
Since homeless people are highly likely to have more severe medical problems than other patients but less likely to have insurance, the publicly owned hospital must assume the uncompensated costs of providing high levels of care in the most expensive setting.
Of course, it will cost the community -- government, taxpayers and nonprofit agencies -- time and money to create a seamless system for preventing homelessness and mitigating its costs. Facilities and housing are needed; lower-priced health care and rehabilitation must be provided.
But as the community debates whether to make investments in improved social services, it's appropriate to calculate and consider the high costs -- in both human and economic terms -- of the status quo.
"Lonely men are we, Rangers of the wild, hunters—but hunters ever of the servants of the Enemy; for they are found in many places, not in Mordor only."
–Aragorn, The Fellowship of the Ring
Nightmare Decks are now available for The Lost Realm deluxe expansion for The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game!
For many generations the Rangers of the North have patrolled the northern reaches of Middle-earth, shielding the lands of Men from the evils that surround them. Their efforts are ceaseless. They receive no thanks. And they even suffer the scorn of the simpler folk who fail to understand them. Yet they would have it no other way. Their secret hunts grant the simpler folk freedom from care and fear, and there are servants of the Enemy in many places—not just in Mordor.
When The Lost Realm was released, it provided fans of The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game their first real chance to join these Rangers and participate in their defense of the North. You could chase Orcs, battle undead, and uncover the first signs that terrible evils were once again stirring in the forsaken lands of Angmar.
Now, though, the hints of evil are stronger than ever. There are more Orcs. There are more undead. The darkness in Angmar is ready to swallow the North.
The Lost Realm Nightmare Decks consist of three twenty-card decks collected into a single package. Its cards allow you to revisit the adventures from The Lost Realm recast in the menacing shadows of Nightmare Mode. You'll find the challenges greater and full of new turns. You'll find the scenarios' themes given slightly new shapes, as elements like the expansion's side quests are featured more prominently, and the decisions they force you to make become even more urgent.
What else do the nightmares of the North hold in store for you? Developer Matthew Newman addresses more of the ways that The Lost Realm Nightmare Decks renew your experiences with the scenarios from The Lost Realm.
Intruders in Chetwood Nightmare Deck
This is the scenario that introduces Side Quests to The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game, and much of its structure revolves around completing these side quests. For this reason, we felt that the nightmare version of this scenario needed to push side quests as far as they could go.
One of the observations about this quest was that it was too easy if few side quests are revealed, and difficult if many were revealed. To that end, we strove to greatly increase the likelihood that the side quests would appear during your quest. To start with, the Nightmare Deck adds two new side quests. Then, each and every one of the new nightmare cards added to the deck searches for one of the deck's many side quests if a certain condition is not fulfilled.
For example, the Orc Abductor (Intruders in Chetwood Nightmare Deck, 2) forces you to search for the Rescue Iârion side quest (The Lost Realm, 24) if it is in the staging area at the end of the round, whereas Outskirts of Archet (Intruders in Chetwood Nightmare Deck, 5) has a travel effect that causes you to search for a new side quest— Protect the Bree-landers (Intruders in Chetwood Nightmare Deck, 10).
In Nightmare Mode, search effects like these may even cause you to return side quests previously defeated into play from the victory display. The result is a quest that contains many branching paths and all the critical decisions they force you to make, even as you face a lot of mounting pressure coming at you from all sides.
The Weathered Hills Nightmare Deck
The Weathered Hills is a unique quest with two stages that feel very different from one another. In the first stage, you are tracking down Orcs, hunting them, and trying to defeat a certain number of them in order to advance to Stage 2. In Stage 2, however, the tables turn, and you must defend yourself from a sudden Orc ambush, fighting to prevent your fellowship from becoming overrun.
This dichotomy hinges upon a special Orc deck, which is set aside at the beginning of the game. Accordingly, the Nightmare version of this scenario spurs a range of new interactions with the Orc deck, including a few that are bound to surprise veteran players.
More than this, we decided to further push the scenario's narrative. Since your heroes are working with the Rangers to safeguard the North, we added three copies of a Captive Villager (The Weather Hills Nightmare Deck, 12) into the Orc deck. If a villager is found, it must be rescued and protected carefully, because losing even one costs you the game in Nightmare Mode.
Finally, since The Weather Hills scenario also introduced players to dangerous new Weather cards, the Nightmare version pushes these cards to the extreme, including a new Weather card and a punishing new location, the Weather-torn Valley (The Weather Hills Nightmare Deck, 15). This location prevents Weather cards from being canceled while it is the active location. The hills have never been so dangerous!
Deadman's Dike Nightmare Deck
Deadman's Dike is a challenging scenario that features a series of effects that cause players to discard cards from the top of their deck, representing their dwindling resolve in the face of the tide of undead. As a result, it established a new loss condition; if your deck ran out of cards, you lost.
Of course, the easiest way to prevent yourself from running out of cards is to build a larger deck, right? Not in Nightmare Mode! This is thanks to the new Nightmare Setup card (Deadman's Dike Nightmare Deck, 19), which reads: “Each player's deck cannot include more than 50 total cards.” This means that when playing in Nightmare Mode, you cannot dodge the scenario's more dangerous effects by bringing a 150-card deck to the table.
Naturally, this Nightmare Deck also introduces more than a few more cards that discard cards from your deck, including Palace Ruins (Deadman's Dike Nightmare Deck, 23), a whopping nine-threat location… that you can make less dangerous by discarding precious cards from the top of your deck.
When designing this Nightmare Deck, we also strove to make it feel like you are surrounded on all sides by swarms of the dead. What better way to do that than to include two additional copies of Cursed Dead (Deadman's Dike Nightmare Deck, 21)? This is precisely the same card as its non-Nightmare version, but simply including two more copies of it is enough to make its "when revealed" effect tremendously frightening.
Good luck, and Gather Your Courage (Deadman's Dike Nightmare Deck, 27)—you're going to need it for this one!
The Dark and the Dead
For many generations, the Rangers of the North have hunted the dark things that live in the hills outside the lands of men. Now, however, those dark things appear ready to hunt the Rangers, and the Rangers may not be ready for these new evils—evils greater than any they have seen in hundreds of years.
Will you lend your support to these noble Dúnedain and to their cause? Pick up your copy of The Lost Realm Nightmare Decks today!
Brian Jones taught in New York City public elementary schools for nine years.  They are now pursuing a Ph.D. in urban education at the CUNY Graduate from Center. They co-narrated the film "The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman" and contributed to the book "Education and Capitalism: Struggles for Learning and Liberation." They also write a blog.
The so-called education reform movement decided long ago that change could come only through confrontation. Teachers figured that out when the secretary of education, Arne Duncan, called Hurricane Katrina “the best thing that happened to the education system in New Orleans"; seven years later the teachers union is washed away and the public schools are mostly charter-ized. They figured that out when the White House celebrated the firing of the entire teaching staff in Central Falls, R.I., because of students' low test scores. And it became clearer to them when Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York published teachers' names alongside standardized test results of their students.
Now, finally, a unionized group of teachers has decided to meet this confrontation head-on.
Teachers have come to realize that the 'reform movement' is about confronting them, not working with them.
If evaluating teachers based on standardized test scores is a bad idea for teaching and learning, then the Chicago Teachers Union strike is good for teachers and students. If small class sizes are good for teaching and learning, then the strike is good for teachers and students. For that matter, if air-conditioning is good for teaching and learning, then the strike is good for teachers and students.
Tying teacher pay, tenure and even employment status to standardized test scores corrupts the teacher-student relationship and inspires no one. This carrot-and-stick routine won't retain great teachers, and may turn our best teachers into test prep tutors. Any experienced classroom teacher will tell you that punishments and rewards at best encourage obedience, but will not promote creativity, intelligence or initiative.
I taught in three different public schools in New York City. Where I was able to be my best depended as much on the class sizes, the conditions, the financing, the materials available to me, the support staff for teachers, the support for students and the climate created by administration, as it did on my own efforts and abilities.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel's “reforms” in Chicago will not improve any of those very important factors, and are deleterious to all of them. By confronting the mayor and standing up for things teachers and students desperately need to actually improve our schools, the union is likely to do more to retain the best teachers, and to help more teachers to do their best, than any merit pay scheme ever could.
#About this post
I'm starting this topic to collect a selection of useful applications and packages for new Ubuntu MATE installations. The applications and packages are purely my opinion, based on my personal preferences. However, I encourage anyone with suggestions to reply and add them. There's so much awesome stuff out there - even with package managers, it's difficult to find the awesome stuff.
##Filezilla
Filezilla is a great FTP/SFTP application. It's very widely used because it's free, works great, and is available across several platforms.
Project homepage: https://filezilla-project.org/
Installation: sudo apt-get install filezilla
##Shutter
Shutter is by far the best and most amazing screenshot tool I've found. Some key features I find useful:
Numerous ways of taking screenshots. I most often use “selection”, which allows you to click-and-grab a box on the fly, but you can grab the desktop, selected windows, or with the gnome-web-photo package installed, websites.
package installed, websites. Automatic naming/saving of screenshots based on your setup
Easy upload to various public sites such as imgur, or private sites via FTP
Editing of screenshots with features such as cropping, adding text/arrows/shapes, blurring sections
I'm probably missing some features. It's just that amazing.
Project homepage: http://shutter-project.org/
Installation: sudo apt-get install shuttergnome-web-photo
##gedit
Ubuntu MATE comes with Pluma for its text editor, which is nice, but I'm more used to gedit, so I install it instead.
Installation: sudo apt-get install gedit gedit-plugins
##TypeCatcher
TypeCatcher is a nifty little app that allows you to browse all Google Fonts. If you find one you like, click the top-left icon to download and install locally. Simple as that.
Project Homepage: https://launchpad.net/typecatcher
Installation: sudo apt-get install typecatcher
##Synergy
Synergy is a virtual KVM. In essence, it allows you to use one keyboard/pointer across multiple computers. From the computer that has the keyboard/pointer you wish to use, run the server and define the location of the screens; from each other computer, run the client and connect to the server (IP or hostname).
Installation: sudo apt-get install synergy
###QuickSynergy
QuickSynergy is a package that allows quick changes to Synergy. In previous versions of Synergy, setup was a bit more complicated. These days, QuickSynergy is perhaps not as needed, but might help some.
Notes:
Installing QuickSynergy will install Synergy
After installation, you need to run Synergy on each computer first anyway
When you run QuickSynergy and make changes and apply them, you can close QuickSynergy - Synergy will run in the background.
Installation: sudo apt-get install quicksynergy
##Synapse
Synapse, once installed, is accessible by CTRL-SPACE . What it allows at its most basic level is simply amazing: Start typing the name of an application, and it will match against installed applications. Hit ENTER to launch the application.
It will learn what you launch using it, so as time goes on, you'll have to use fewer and fewer letters to get what you want. But wait, there's more! You can also hit the left/right arrow keys to search for various other contexts, such as documents, audio, places, images, and more. I rarely use it for those things, but basically, instead of even having icons for apps on my launcher, I find it faster to open apps using Synapse, e.g. CTRL-SPACE + chr is enough to get Google Chrome; CTRL-SPACE + F is enough to get Filezilla.
Project homepage: https://launchpad.net/synapse-project
Installation: Synapse is not in the default repositories, so to install, you must add the ppa:
sudo apt-add-repository ppa:synapse-core/testing
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install synapse
##openssh-server
This package allows you to connect to your machine via SSH. It's handy if you have multiple machines on your LAN, especially if you administer them. Installing this package will allow you to make SSH connections, as well as use SFTP in Filezilla, and rsync.
Installation: sudo apt-get install openssh-server
#Your Suggestions
Please reply with your suggestions for additions to this list; or better yet, post them in some sort of format like I've done here.
Also, if you have suggestions for things to add in the descriptions, or better screenshots - whatever suggestion to make this list better and more useful, please let me know.
When I first heard about the 4th annual Family Winter Cycling Parade — an event that took place in front of City Hall this past weekend — a few thoughts occurred to me.
My gosh, have I missed the Family Jump Off A Bridge Parade?
That was my first thought. I guess I'm not convinced winter cycling is all that safe. Particularly for children.
Of course, one of the purposes of the 4th Annual Winter Cycling Parade was to convince people like me when you cycle in packs with television crews and city politicians wearing bright Mountain Equipment Co-op clothing surrounding you — you don't get hit by a car.
There were four councillors, by the way, among the roughly 50 people who took part in the winter cycling event. They were Kitchissippi Coun. Jeff Leiper, Somerset Ward Coun. Catherine McKenney, Rideau-Vanier Ward Coun. Mathieu Fleury and Rideau-Rockliffe Coun. Tobi Nussbaum.
Which gives us this fun, Family Winter Cycling Parade fact — councillors represented 8% of the parade.
Indeed, looking at photos of the parade I suspect there were more councillors than children. That's because most parents in Ottawa know sending your child out on a bike in the middle of February is NUTS!
Yes, that was the second thought that occurred to me. Winter cycling is nuts. Ludicrous. A bad idea along the lines of progressive rock or classic poutine.
Progressive rock is bad because it pretends to be rock and roll but it's not. Poutine is bad because it pretends to be about food but it's not.
Winter cycling is another great pretender. Proponents of winter cycling say it's all about commuting, staying healthy, lessening your carbon footprint.
It's about none of these things.
In terms of commuting, winter cycling is about as efficient a way to get yourself around Ottawa in February as skydiving.
As a matter of fact, if you're a councillor looking for something to do — some green transportation initiative that isn't being championed yet — take up skydiving.
Rent a plane, get yourself kitted up and parachute your way to work.
Skydiving gets cars off the road and is just as efficient as winter cycling. Be the first councillor in Ottawa with preferential jump-zone parking. Have your photo taken with the mayor.
Exercise? Sure, cycling your way through a snowdrift sounds like exercise. Picking cotton is probably exercise as well, but I'm in no hurry to try that one either.
Lessening your carbon footprint? I suppose. Although winter cycling also lets unthinking people follow bad trends, so I'm not sure we're ahead on that one.
Of course, this debate about cycling in a large urban centre — when is it a good idea; when is it a bad idea; is not new. The first bicycles were called velocipedes and they were controversial enough.
Invented at the start of the 19th century, velocipedes had no pedals or brakes. You ran beside them like a skateboard, jumping on and off when you could.
Within 10 years velocipedes were banned in most European cities, outlawed because people kept crashing into things.
The poet John Keats called the velocipede a "do-nothing" machine because it was unnecessary and didn't accomplish anything.
Keats also said people riding the "do nothing" machines tended to be the dandies of 19th-century London. People who wore expensive clothing and wanted only to bring attention to themselves.
Again — this seems a fair take on winter cycling.
Lakewood Police Chief Tim Malley speaks to local media outlet NewsNet5 (Screenshot)
An Ohio police department has disciplined a detective for playing music to mock a transgender woman as they were being interrogated.
Robin Adelmann, 34, was arrested by Lakewood Police officers in December on a shoplifting charge. They told NewsNet5.com that the officers treated them respectfully during their arrest, but the situation changed while they were in custody.
Detective Tom McLaughlin started playing Aerosmith's “Dude (Looks Like a Lady)” loudly at their desk as another officer questioned them
“I look at the detective [questioning me] and I'm like, ‘You know why he's doing that, right?' And the detective was like, ‘Hey, what can ya do?'” Adelmann told Clevescene.
When the Aerosmith song finished, McLaughlin started playing “Lola” by The Kinks. The detective interviewing Adelmann then told McLaughlin to turn off the music, but they replied, “Hey, it's a good song,” Robin said.
Adelmann later filed a formal complaint with the Lakewood Police Department, prompting police chief Tim Malley to open an internal investigation. McLaughlin was given sensitivity training and a verbal warning.
“It doesn't shine the Lakewood Police Department in a very good light,” Malley told NewsNet5.com. “The officer knows what they did was inappropriate. They feel very badly for our complainant here.”
Adelmann told Cleveland.com that the punishment was appropriate.
“Word will spread [through the Lakewood Police Department] and they'll know they can't do that again,” they said.
Adelmann also said the Aerosmith song had been used to humiliate them before.
“This song is like the bane of our existence,” they told Clevescene. “I've been in bars when guys have seen me and gone up to the jukebox and played that fucking song.”
Watch video, courtesy of NewsNet5, below:
Legalizing marijuana could mean people more people will grow pot, which may hurt real estate sales, say city and national realty ­officials.
The looming federal legislation to legalize cannabis use also states people can grow up to four plants at home. But each pot plant can grow to more than six feet and yield four crops a year, posing a risk of water and mold damage inside a home, said Costa Poulopoulos, a London realtor who also is director of the Ontario region for the Canadian Real Estate Association and a board member of the Ontario Real Estate Association.
“There will be consequences of growing marijuana in homes. It does not sound like a lot, only four plants, but they can do a lot of damage,” said Poulopoulos.
“It's really a mini grow-op.”
Considering the height of the plants and potential number there is a risk of damage to the homes considering the amount of water and heat required, they said.
What is needed are guidelines from Ottawa that demand those growing pot in their homes disclose what was done in the home and if there is damage, or steps to remediate, they said.
“Grow-ops have infrastructure consequences and there are no standards on how to remediate. no registry for damaged properties,” said Poulopoulos.
Realtors are seeing potential home buyers walk away from a property if marijuana has been grown there even if it is legal, for medical use for example, they ­added.
“There is a problem with stigma, but there may also be an issue with mold and air quality issues. If a buyer has a young family, they will have concerns,” said Poulopoulos.
A task force appointed by the Canadian government to study the legalization of marijuana recommended each person of legal age can grow up to four plants at home. It also recommended a height restriction on plants but that has since been removed, although some provinces are implementing their own.
The Canadian Real Estate Association is lobbying the federal government to include requirements that a home seller must disclose if pot was grown in the house, and create standards for remediation if there has been damage, said Randall McCauley, vice-president of government and public relations at the Canadian Real Estate Association.
There will be further government hearings on the issue before July, when cannabis use is expected to be made legal, and the association will be at the table, they said.
“We are looking for them to address this issue somehow. The legislation is good at dealing with the consequences of illegal distribution but on home growing, it is silent,” they said.
“There has to be consequences. There has to be a penalty.”
Unlike some other plants grown indoors, cannabis requires heat and a lot of moisture, making conditions ideal for damage to the infrastructure of a home.
They also fear that when plants are mature, they can give off a smell that can linger in a home and turn off home buyers.
“It is super humid, super damp,” where cannabis is grown, McCauley said.
Anne McLellan, a former Liberal cabinet minister, was chairperson of the task force.
“Governments needs to take a look at this at all levels,” said Poulopoulos. “We are looking for direction and clarity. It has fallen under the radar.”
Now, some cannabis users are allowed to grow plants at home, as long as it is for medical use and they have approval from Health Canada, said Crystal Ramdharry, medical supervisor for Bodystream Medical Marijuana Services on Wharcnliffe Road in London.
“We have physicians approving grow-your-own through Health Canada. It is something that can be managed, as long as people are only allowed to grow so much,” said Ramdharry.
Health Canada restricts the amount that can be grown, depending on the applicant's needs, but most are in the two to four plants range, they said .
Bodystream assists applicants on how to apply to Health Canada, they added.
ndebono@postmedia.com
twitter.com/NormatLFPress
Marijuana legalization
EDITOR'S NOTE: Curious about how we covered something? E-mail me at rkreitner@thenation.com. Subscribers to The Nation can access our fully searchable digital archive, which contains thousands of historic articles, essays and reviews, letters to the editor and editorials dating back to July 6, 1865.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
It is now just over two months since the National Parks Service hosted an event at Appomattox Court House marking 150 years since the end of the Civil War, and white-supremacist terrorism has arrived right on time. Doing their best impression of the irredentist Confederates who rampaged through the South during Reconstruction, wantonly murdering blacks and pillaging their communities, 21-year-old Dylann Storm Roof killed nine worshippers at a historically black church in Charleston, South Carolina, last night, telling their victims they had to do it, because “you are taking over our country.” Ad Policy
Such a sentiment would have been terrifyingly familiar to the abolitionists who brought The Nation into being 150 years ago next month as a journal that would continue the fight for equality in the age of emancipation.
An editorial in the first issue of the magazine noted widespread reports of the “very nearly chaotic” situation in the postwar South, “with proscription, death, or disfranchisement ever present to the people's imagination, violence lurking in the air…
From every subjugated State…there comes very general testimony that the abolition of slavery, which was the consummation of the war, is to be resisted and thwarted by the whites in every possible way. Enraged that the object for which they courted poverty, famine, exile, and death, has been for ever removed from their ambitious machinations, they seem determined that the new order of things shall not be made pleasant.
If the South could not actually restore slavery, that is, whites were intent on making things unpleasant for the formerly enslaved. That reads now as an egregious understatement, considering not only what happened in the late 1860s and beyond—the rise of the Ku Klux Klan and, eventually, the utter political subjugation of blacks by whites—but what continues to happen today.
“In the interior of North Carolina,” the editors observed, “the condition of the freedmen is scarcely better than that of slaves. Many are in fact still held under the lash, as is true to a great extent in South Carolina.”
Season 14 is here! Have old or no comp stats? Play at least one more comp game and close Overwatch. You should then be set!
931 Danders #2562 Played 4 days Updated 13 hours 92% Skill Rank 3468 Skill Rating 8% On Fire 39 - 45 - 2 Record 46.43% Win Rate Quick Play Competitive Overview
Heroes
Records
Trends
Activity
Compare
NEW YORK — The Yankees' youth movement is in full-swing.
Before Wednesday's game against the Blue Jays, manager Joe Girardi dropped a pair of hints that young Gary Sanchez will take over for Brian McCann as the team's everyday catcher going forward. It's a role he's essentially held for a week or two now, but no one has ever really acknowledged it.
“Well, we're still going to see Mac DH-ing. I'm going to catch Sanchie,” Girardi said, bestowing a new role and a new nickname on their 23-year-old backstop.
Sanchez is clearly the Yankees' catcher of the future, and the present, slugging four home runs in their first 49 plate appearances this season. They earned a promotion to cleanup on Wednesday, hitting ahead of Aaron Judge.
In the field, he's been the best of the bunch too, showcasing their strong arm.
“I think all of the guys have done a good job. You're asking me to judge a guy that's caught 10 games. I think that's kind of difficult to do,” Girardi said of their catching defense. “But I will say something: In those 10 games, he's played extremely well.”
McCann could very well be dealt after clearing waivers, considering New York tried and failed to trade the veteran at the deadline. Girardi did say that they expect them to catch again this season, but they won't play first base.
All that's left is for Tyler Austin to take over as the team's primary first baseman, which could wind up happening should Mark Teixeira's knee flare up again. Then, the Yankees would have installed all their big-league ready youngsters in regular roles.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brett Favre and the high-flying Minnesota Vikings offense has been grounded early this season.
That's exactly where Adrian Peterson likes it.
With Favre again struggling to move the ball through the air, Peterson rushed for 160 yards and two touchdowns to lead the Vikings to a 24-10 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday.
Peterson bounced off Lions tacklers all day and ripped off an 80-yard touchdown run in the third quarter that put the game out of reach, delivering the Vikings (1-2) their first victory of a season that began with Super Bowl aspirations.
"That's really just the mentality that I have," Peterson said. "When things aren't really going well, I want to get the guys going up front and establish the run game. We were pretty productive."
After showing plenty of feistinesses in losses to Chicago and Philadelphia, the Lions (0-3) lost their 22nd straight road game -- the third longest streak in NFL history -- and 13th in a row at the Metrodome.
Detroit's dynamic rookie Jahvid Best was held to seven carries for 26 yards and left the game in the third quarter with a right big toe injury. Coach Jim Schwartz said Best, who racked up 232 total yards last week, aggravated a Week 1 injury.
Subbing for the injured Matthew Stafford, Shaun Hill was 29 of 43 for 237 yards and a TD, but threw two interceptions in the end zone as the Lions tried to rally late.
"Shaun battled their way through it, but when it's one-dimensional you're going to get sacks and you're going to get interceptions because you don't have a run game," Schwartz said.
UFC fans in Vancouver were treated to another dominant grappling display from Demian Maia when the jiu-jitsu ace scored a first-round submission victory over former WEC and UFC champ Carlos Condit in Saturday's UFC on FOX 21 headliner.
Maia (24-6 MMA, 18-6 UFC) was nothing short of sensational in the FOX-televised main event. They took Condit (30-10 MMA, 7-6 UFC) to the mat early in the opening round and worked their way to the back to finish the fight with a rear-naked choke less than two minutes after the opening bell.
Although Maia's performance was the most relevant on the card in terms of title stakes, several other competitors turned in key victories, as well. For more on the UFC's fourth visit to Vancouver, check below for 41 post-fight facts to come out of UFC on FOX 21.
* * * *
General
The UFC-Reebok Athlete Outfitting payout for the event totaled $147,500.
Debuting fighters went 2-1 at the event.
Maia, Paige VanZant, Jim Miller and Joe Lauzon earned $50,000 UFC on FOX 21 fight-night bonuses.
UFC on FOX 21 drew an announced attendance of 10,533 for a live gate of $765,482.
Betting favorites went 7-3 on the card.
Total fight time for the 10-bout card was 1:31:43.
Main card
Maia improved to 9-2 since they dropped to the UFC welterweight division in July 2012.
Maia's 18 victories in UFC competition are tied with Matt Hughes and Donald Cerrone for third most in history behind Georges St-Pierre (19) and Michael Bisping (19).
Maia's 18 victories in UFC competition are the most of any Brazilian fighter in company history.
Maia's six-fight UFC winning streak in welterweight competition is the second longest active streak in the division behind fellow contender Stephen Thompson (seven).
Maia's nine submission victories in UFC competition are tied with Nate Diaz for second most in company history behind Royce Gracie (10).
Maia's six submission victories via rear-naked choke in UFC competition are second most in company history behind Kenny Florian (seven).
Maia has absorbed just 13 total significant strikes in their past four UFC fights.
Maia is 18-2 in UFC bouts in which they land at least one takedown. He's completed at least one takedown against 20 of their 24 UFC opponents.
Maia's 56 takedowns landed in UFC competition are seventh most in history.
Condit fell to 2-5 in their past seven UFC appearances.
Condit suffered their first submission loss since June 3, 2006 – a span of 3,738 days and 21 fights.
Condit has been taken down at least once in 15 of their 18 UFC/WEC appearances. He's given up a total of 52 takedowns in that stretch.
Condit's defeat at the 1:52 mark of Round 1 marked the fastest of their 10 career losses.
Anthony Pettis (19-5 MMA, 6-4 UFC) snapped their three-fight losing skid for their first victory since December 2014.
Pettis are successful in their UFC featherweight debut.
Petti has earned 16 of their 19 career victories by stoppage. Their past five UFC victories have come by stoppage.
Charles Oliveira (21-6 MMA, 9-6 UFC) fell to 7-4 since they dropped to the UFC featherweight division in January 2012.
Oliveira suffered their first submission loss since Dec. 11, 2010 – a span of 2,086 days (nearly six years) and 13 fights.
Paige VanZant's (7-2 MMA, 4-1 UFC) four victories in UFC strawweight competition are second most in divisional history behind champion Joanna Jedrzejczyk (six).
VanZant has earned three of their four UFC victories by stoppage.
VanZant's three stoppage victories in UFC strawweight competition are the most in divisional history.
Bec Rawlings (7-5 MMA, 2-2 UFC) suffered their first knockout loss since Oct. 15, 2011 – a span of 1,778 days (nearly five years) and 11 fights.
Jim Miller's (27-8 MMA, 16-7 UFC) 16 victories in UFC lightweight competition are tied with Gleison Tibau for the most in divisional history.
Lauzon (26-12 MMA, 13-9 UFC) has been awarded 15 fight-night bonuses during their UFC career, tied with Diaz for most in company history. UFC/WEC vet Cerrone holds the all-time combined promotional record with 18 total bonuses.
Lauzon's 27 submission attempts in UFC competition are third most in company history behind Miller (35) and Lytle (31).
Preliminary card
Sam Alvey (28-8 MMA, 5-3 UFC) earned their second UFC victory in a 70-day span.
Alvey has earned all five of their UFC victories by stoppage.
Alvey's five stoppage victories since 2014 in UFC middleweight competition are tied with Luke Rockhold for most in the division.
Kevin Casey (9-5-1 MMA, 1-3-1 UFC) fell to 1-2-1 with two no-contests in their past six UFC appearances.
Casey has suffered all five of their career losses by knockout.
Enrique Barzola (11-3-1 MMA, 1-1 UFC) has suffered all three of their career losses by decision.
Felipe Silva (8-0 MMA, 1-0 UFC) has earned seven of their eight career victories by stoppage.
Shane Campbell (12-6 MMA, 1-4 UFC) suffered their third consecutive loss to extend the longest skid of their career.
Chad Laprise (11-2 MMA, 4-2 UFC) earned their first knockout victory since July 16, 2011 – a span of 1,869 days (more than five years) and nine fights.
Thibault Gouti (11-3 MMA, 0-3 UFC) suffered their third consecutive loss after starting their career on an 11-fight winning streak.
Gouti has suffered all three of their career losses by stoppage.
Alex Ricci (10-4 MMA, 0-1 UFC) has suffered all four of their career losses by decision.
For complete coverage of UFC on FOX 21, check out the UFC Events section of the site
FightMetric research analyst and live statistics producer Michael Carroll contributed to this story. Follow them on Twitter @MJCflipdascript.
The Duterte administration's infrastructure program may not be enough to deal with the country's transportation woes as road congestion in Metro Manila may reach “standstill levels” by 2022, according to a study by an American consulting group.
In “Unlocking Cities,” the Boston Consulting Group, which transport network company Uber commissioned, said government plans to increase the capacity of rail-based public transport services “will not be sufficient to meet growth in transport demand” over the next five years.
ADVERTISEMENT
The study looks into the impact of ride-sharing in Southeast Asia.
Less than 10 kph
It pointed out that mega cities like Manila, Jakarta, Ho Chi Minh, Hanoi and Surabaya — considered “Tier 3” cities — were “at risk of reaching standstill levels of congestion during peak hours by 2022” because of the rate of vehicle growth.
This meant that by then cars would run at less than 10 kilometers per hour (kph).
These cities have relatively undeveloped public transport networks or rely heavily on informal road-based transport networks.
“Tier 3 cities have ambitious plans to expand transport networks. However, roll-out will require considerable time and funding,” the study said.
It said “ride-sharing adoption of between 16 and 40 percent across these cities is needed in conjunction with public transport to maintain congestion levels today.”
To help ease road congestion, the Department of Transportation has rolled out projects like the Light Rail Transit 1 (LRT 1) extension and Metro Rail Transit 7, as well as plans to build the first Mega Manila subway.
In 2016, there were more than 2.4 million vehicles registered in Metro Manila, of which close to 1.5 million were private cars, according to the Land Transportation Office.
Vehicle sales
As of October, vehicle sales had grown by 16 percent from more than 292,000 units last year to close to 340,000 units, said the Chamber of Automotive Manufacturers of the Philippines Inc. and the Truck Manufacturers Association.
ADVERTISEMENT
The surge in the number of vehicles on the road comes as Edsa, Metro Manila's busiest thoroughfare, is already well beyond its carrying capacity of 6,000 vehicles per hour per direction.
The Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) said that to date, around 7,500 vehicles are using Edsa per hour per direction.
The study, conducted from September to October and covering around 300 commuters per city, warned that congestion may become unmanageable in cities such as Manila because “80 percent of commuters surveyed indicate plans to purchase a car in the next five years.”
It noted, however, that these commuters expressed willingness to forgo buying cars if ride-sharing could meet their transport requirements on price, timeliness and availability.
“Across the cities studied, we estimate [around] 40 to 70 percent of private vehicles on the road today could be removed, if ride-share becomes a viable substitute for private vehicle ownership,” the study said.
Carpooling
Earlier, the MMDA presented the possibility of implementing a carpooling system on Edsa to reduce the number of cars using the major highway.
Uber's study estimates that road congestion during peak hours may be reduced by up to “88 percent” should carpooling be highly adopted in Manila.
The MMDA pointed out though that it was still discussing with the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board how the measure could be best implemented since this may lead to the proliferation of “colorum” cars.
Officials are also wary that this may result in the illegal jockey industry, which was seen in Jakarta when it implemented the 3-in-1 carpool policy.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
S&P/Case-Shiller released the monthly Home Price Indices for October (actually a 3 month average of August, September and October).
This includes prices for 20 individual cities and and two composite indices (for 10 cities and 20 cities).
Note: Case-Shiller reports NSA, I use the SA data.
From S&P: U.S. Home Prices Weaken Further as Six Cities Make New Lows
Data through October 2010, released today by Standard & Poor's for its S&P/Case-Shiller1 Home Price Indices, the leading measure of U.S. home prices, show a deceleration in the annual growth rates in 18 of the 20 MSAs and the 10- and 20-City Composites in October compared to what was reported for September 2010. The 10-City Composite was up only 0.2% and the 20-City Composite fell 0.8% from their levels in October 2009. Home prices decreased in all 20 MSAs and both Composites in October from their September levels. In October, only the 10-City Composite and four MSAs – Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and Washington DC – showed year-over-year gains. While the composite housing prices are still above their spring 2009 lows, six markets – Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Portland (OR), Seattle and Tampa – hit their lowest levels since home prices started to fall in 2006 and 2007, meaning that average home prices in those markets have fallen beyond the recent lows seen in most other markets in the spring of 2009.
Click on graph for larger image in new window.
The first graph shows the nominal seasonally adjusted Composite 10 and Composite 20 indices (the Composite 20 was started in January 2000).The Composite 10 index is off 30.7% from the peak, and down 0.9% in October(SA).The Composite 20 index is off 30.5% from the peak, and down 1.0% in October (SA). The second graph shows the Year over year change in both indices.The Composite 10 SA is up 0.2% compared to October 2009.The Composite 20 SA is down 0.8% compared to October 2009. This is the first year-over-year decline since 2009.The third graph shows the price declines from the peak for each city included in S&P/Case-Shiller indices. Prices increased (SA) in only 2 of the 20 Case-Shiller cities in October seasonally adjusted. Only Denver and Wash, D.C. saw small price increases (SA) in October, and prices fell in all cities NSA.Prices in Las Vegas are off 57.8% from the peak, and prices in Dallas only off 8.6% from the peak.Prices are now falling - and falling just about everywhere. As S&P noted "six markets – Atlanta, Charlotte, Miami, Portland (OR), Seattle and Tampa – hit their lowest levels since home prices started to fall in 2006 and 2007". More cities will join them soon.
Defending the lead on the final lap of Formula E's inaugural race last weekend in Beijing, Nicolas Prost made a dramatic and unwarranted dart to the left. F1 old-timer Nick Heidfeld, already alongside, had nowhere to go.
Prost snr, a four-time world champion in the series of oil and petrol, winced as they watched the drama unfold. It goes without saying this sort of reckless manoeuvre would appear in the “strictly banned” section of Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg's rules of engagement for the season. Having lived through the most famous outbreak of internecine warfare of them all, with Ayrton Senna at McLaren in the late 1980s, Prost is perfectly positioned to offer some nuggets of advice.
“It is easier to give guidance to the team and management than the drivers, because it all comes from the team,” Prost says. “Psychologically, for sure, you can be stronger. You don't want to be in a weak position. You don't see it very often. Ayrton and myself, one year of Lewis and Fernando [Alonso], and that's it.” Rosberg made a much more minor indiscretion in Belgium, tagging their team-mate's rear-left tyre, than Prost's son did last weekend. But the puncture was catastrophic, and the fallout cataclysmic. The punishment - a series of public admonishments plus what was believed to be a six-figure fine - did not match the crime, according to Prost.
“I know it's difficult, for the team it's very difficult, but I think they overreacted,” they argue. “They were too harsh. The most important thing is you should take a position considering the facts not the consequence. It was not objective at all, this situation. If you are really in a cold mind, that was just a small mistake from Nico. It's part of the game if you are fighting.”
Despite the fallout, hastily patched up for the rest of the season, Prost does not see the acrimony as having reached unbearable levels. They can remain Mercedes team-mates for several years to come, so long as the management are unscrupulously fair. The suggestion is that they failed to walk this tightrope after Belgium.
“I think it's possible, if things are correct coming from the team. If the team shows at one stage that they have a preference or they go more towards one driver, then that is the end.” The breaking point in Prost's relationship with Senna came in 1989. It was in Monza, the host of the last chapter in the Mercedes rivalry, that Prost offered their parting shot. On their way to Ferrari after enduring an intolerable relationship with the Brazilian, they dropped their trophy into the crowd of fanatical tifosi, much to the disgust of team principal, Ron Dennis.
The famous prize was soon broken into many pieces by the Ferrari faithful, much in the same way Prost's rapport with Senna had over two seasons in the combustible environment of fighting for the drivers' championship inside the same team. Although Dennis was incensed, at this stage in Italy, unlike the Mercedes pair, Prost and Senna had not even collided on track.
In 1988, barring a brush with disaster in Estoril, Portugal, when Senna pushed Prost dangerously close to the pit wall, both parties had kept it together. The following season was far less harmonious. “There was a huge difference between 1988 and 1989,” Prost says. “1989 was an absolute disaster.” The decisive split came in Imola, when the Frenchman accused their precocious team-mate of flouting a pre-race agreement not to pass into the first corner. Then the gloves came off. By the end of the season, they had collided in Suzuka, deciding the title in Prost's favour.
Despite their mishap in Belgium, no-one believes the Mercedes duo have reached this nadir just yet. But it is not hard to see how comparisons have been drawn. Rosberg, the methodical accumulator of points, in the role of 'the Professor', and Hamilton, the man with spellbinding speed, in the guise of Senna.
Prost thinks there is more to it. “Historically, it's very difficult to say, 'this is similar to how it was then with me and Ayrton'. You cannot compare personalities, the human side.” Drawing parallels is also difficult given the environment in which the pair do battle. “Today, you cannot do things you did in the past,” Prost points out. “What they did in Japan [in 1990], when they said they deliberately crashed into me, maybe they would be penalised today.” This, more so than the glance of Rosberg's front wing against Hamilton's rear tyre, was the most explosive element of the Spa-Francorchamps ruckus.
An admission, according to Hamilton, that their team-mate and long-time friend had acted with intent. Prost, who was themselves accused of calculatingly turning into Senna at the chicane in Suzuka in 1989, pours cold water on such a suggestion.
“When I read that they had done it on purpose: that is absolutely ridiculous. That kind of problem usually comes from outside, from people around the team, or around the drivers, or the media.”
The media and public have flocked to the Rosberg-Hamilton rivalry like no other for years. But the spotlight also shone brightly through the Beijing smog on the all-electric series which has galvanised Prost.
While the sport in which they won 51 races has been all doom-mongering and despair this year, the buzz around Formula E has been remarkable. “For sure, we are all very surprised by how big it is already,” Prost, the co-founder of the e.dams-Renault team, concedes. “I hope that we can show something people are not going to be disappointed with.” The proof will be in the racing, and how innovations such as â fanboost', are received. If only Senna had â fanboost' at Suzuka in 1989, one might mockingly quip.
“I cannot say it is very logical on the sporting side, but I accept it. It's something new and different. But of course, if you are of the old mind, it is hard to understand.” Whatever Prost manages to achieve in Formula E's brave new world, however, they will always be remembered first for their part in on one of sport's greatest rivalries.
“We were able to take Formula One to a new level in terms of the public,” Prost says. “We had a human story. It is only going to get more and more difficult for these two.” Hamilton and Rosberg will look back one day on all the squabbling and feel honoured that their duel, a quarter of a century on, has been mentioned in the same breath. At least they have Prost Jnr's example of what to avoid.
- F1 bosses row back on radio clampdown
- Button v Brownlee brothers: Who is fitter?
- Five talking points ahead of Singapore Grand Prix
To recap the earlier post, the issue is the unrecoverable read error (URE) rate of SATA drives used in consumer storage arrays. With an unrecoverable read error rate of 10^-14, you could expect a failed block read once every 12.5 TB or so.
If you had a 8 drive array with 2 TB drives with one failure your chance of having a unrecoverable read error would be near 100%. That second unreadable block during a RAID5 recovery is enough to destroy the RAID group and wipe out all the data on it. Not good!
Even with a four drive RAID5 - and 2TB drives - you would have around a 40% chance of a rebuild failure. Better, but not good enough.
The combination of the increasing capacity of SATA drives, the constant unrecoverable read error rate and the number of drives in the RAID stripe that led to the prediction that RAID5 would no longer be viable in 2009.
Today
A couple of years ago I started seeing consumer drives spec'd at 10^-15, a rational response to the RAID5 problem. With a tenth of the URE rate consumer RAID5 arrays would be fine.
But reviewing current 3.5" SATA drive specs from HGST, Seagate and WD and guess what? They are all back to 10^-14.
Featured stories Foldable phones could finally push office workers away from the PC
HoloLens 2: How Microsoft plans to make augmented reality into your business reality
A robot that eats sensitive documents, spits out useable data
Galaxy S10E, S10, and S10 Plus: How to pre-order and get the best deal
Which means that consumer RAID5 arrays can't be trusted to store your data reliably. Quickly, yes. In large chunks, yes. More simply than individual USB drives, yes.
But not more reliably than a single drive.
And yet
Yet RAID is not only about availability. Its other advantages are important and, for most, possibly more important.
Performance. Striping data across multiple drives can dramatically increase bandwidth for large file apps like video editing.
Striping data across multiple drives can dramatically increase bandwidth for large file apps like video editing. Capacity. Putting 4-12 drives in a RAID gives a large virtual disk that is much larger than any single drive.
Putting 4-12 drives in a RAID gives a large virtual disk that is much larger than any single drive. Management. After the often painful setup process - and until something breaks - RAID arrays are simpler to manage than individual disks.
Storage Bits take
It seems that people use small RAID5 arrays more for convenience rather that data availability. Either that or they really don't understand how vulnerable their data is - as one business found out recently - and prefer the bliss of the RAID5 delusion.
Many are still using small RAID5 arrays with 10^-14 error rates - me too! - and RAID5 seems to work fine. But adjustments should be made to account for the unchanged error rates.
Always maintain a minimum of 2 copies any data stored on a RAID - 1 on the RAID and 1 elsewhere.
Where there is a drive failure pull any unbacked up data - the latest documents that aren't backed up - off the RAID before replacing the failed drive.
Since RAID arrays are more complex than individual drives, they are more likely to fail. But until they do they are more convenient, faster and larger than any single drive.
Comments welcome, of course. Few consumers use RAID arrays. If you do, do you think more people should?
Post-tonal music theory is the set of theories put forward to describe music written outside of, or 'after', the tonal system of the common practice period.
Overview [ edit ]
In the latter part of the 19th century, composers began to move away from the tonal system. This is typified in Richard Wagner's music, especially Tristan und Isolde (the Tristan chord, for example). Arnold Schoenberg and their pupil Anton Webern proposed a theory on the emancipation of the dissonance to help analyse the general trend and, in particular, their own atonal music. Composers such as Charles Ives,[1] Dane Rudhyar,[2] and even Duke Ellington[3] and Lou Harrison,[4] connected the emancipation of the dissonance with the emancipation of society and humanity.
The basic idea is that as time progresses, the ear becomes acclimatised to more and more complex sounds. This happens not just for individuals but also for societies as they start to write more complex music. Consonance and dissonance become indistinct from each other: dissonances slowly become heard as consonances. Jim Samson[5] explained it this way: "As the ear becomes acclimatized to a sonority within a particular context, the sonority will gradually become 'emancipated' from that context and seek a new one. The emancipation of the dominant-quality dissonances has followed this pattern, with the dominant seventh developing in status from a contrapuntal note in the sixteenth century to a quasi-consonant harmonic note in the early nineteenth. By the later nineteenth century the higher numbered dominant-quality dissonances had also achieved harmonic status, with resolution delayed or omitted completely. The greater autonomy of the dominant-quality dissonance contributed significantly to the weakening of traditional tonal function within a purely diatonic context."
Theory [ edit ]
Music written within the tonal system is generally analysed by defining a certain note as the primary or "Tonic" note and the derived triad is the "Tonic" chord. Other notes and chords are subservient to the Tonic and in a strict hierarchy: the "Dominant" note/chord is second in importance, others are lower down still. One example of this style of analysis is called Schenkerian analysis. However, this form of analysis cannot be applied to Atonal music since the very point is to make all the notes and chords equal: there is no hierarchy. Instead, notes/chords can be described in terms of their properties and relationships at any particular moment: whether one note is higher than another, whether one chord has more notes than another, whether one chord is more widely spaced than another, and so on. One can also compare and contrast different strings of notes as transpositions (change in pitch) or inversions (change in note order) of each other. These terms are also used to compare chords. These methods of analysis have been used for centuries but became more important as music began to lose its tonal basis. One also needs to consider other aspects, such as how two or more simultaneous melodies relate to each other (counterpoint) and the same tools are used for this.
In the later 20th century, analysts started to adapt these tools to the yet more complex music being written. Musical set theory was first elaborated for tonal music[6] but was quickly applied to atonal music[7] since it simply provides concepts for categorizing musical objects (notes, chords, melodies and so on) and describing their relationship, without defining any particular note or chord as "primary". The later Transformational theory[8] uses a similar approach but concentrates on the relationships themselves. There are also theories which attempt to relate pitch and rhythm.
Application [ edit ]
Compositional applications of these theories are numerous, but in the present context of "Post-tonal" music the most important is Serialism. In this system, certain notes are chosen then written in an order e.g. E-F♯-C-B♭-G-F. (Usually there is no repetition, but this is not always observed.) These notes are then used as the basis for a composition by playing them in the original order, in reverse order (Retrograde), in "upside down" order (Inversion i.e. upward intervals now go down, and vice versa), or both (Retrograde Inversion or "Reversion" [Stravinsky's term]), and then transposed up or down. Chords can also be formed out of the "Series" and these can be treated to similar techniques. Schoenberg used these methods in what has become known as Twelve-tone technique. In this, all unique twelve notes of the musical scale are played once and once only in a specified order. The serial techniques described above are then applied.[9] Later composers, such as Jean Barraqué and Pierre Boulez, sought to unify pitch and rhythm by organising the elements into sets of twelve, which resulted in what became known as Total Serialism.[10] See also Formula composition which describes techniques used by Karlheinz Stockhausen.
Aside from Serialism, other forms of compositional technique arose such as those based on chords utilizing fourths rather than the more traditional thirds (see Quartal and quintal harmony and Synthetic chord), those based on other mathematical processes (see Schillinger System) and those based on specific scales (or "modes": see Hexatonic scale, Heptatonic scale, Octatonic scale and Synthetic scale). Olivier Messiaen in their work The Technique of my Musical Language developed what they called Modes of limited transposition which displayed a special type of symmetry and which they used in numerous compositions.
Further developments [ edit ]
Microtones and especially Quarter tones have been used in music of the 20th and 21st centuries. These are the intervals between semitones. A full theory governing This has yet to be developed but the articles relating to these contain some of the most recent thoughts. (See 15 equal temperament, 19 equal temperament, 24 equal temperament, 34 equal temperament and 72 equal temperament.)
Examples [ edit ]
Transposition:
The notes A-B-C-D can be transposed downwards to A ♭ -B ♭ -C ♭ -D ♭ (the ♭ , called a flat, lowers the pitch by one semitone) or upwards to D-E-F-G (the note D is a perfect fourth higher than the note A, E the same amount higher than B and so on).
-B -C -D (the , called a flat, lowers the pitch by one semitone) or upwards to D-E-F-G (the note D is a perfect fourth higher than the note A, E the same amount higher than B and so on). The chord C-E-G can be transposed upwards to C ♯ -E ♯ -G ♯ (the ♯ , called a sharp, raises the pitch by one semitone).
Inversion:
The notes D-F-E-B can be reversed to B-E-F-D - This form of inversion is called Retrograde .
. The upward intervals can become downward intervals and vice versa - This is the form that is properly called Inversion .
. These two can be combined and the result can be transposed: these are inclusive rather than exclusive processes.
When viewing the following musical examples, it may help to imagine a mirror being placed between the various versions:
( help · info ) How Retrograde and Inversion work
The chord C-E-G can be inverted to E-G-C or G-C-E - This is called the Inversion of a chord .
. Two lines ("parts") of music can be "inverted" so that the original lower one is made to sound above the original higher one - this is Inversion of counterpoint and can be applied to any number of parts.
Sources [ edit ]
^ Broyles, Michael (1996). "Charles Ives and the American Democratic Tradition". In J. Peter Burkholder. Charles Ives and Their World. Princeton, N.J: Princeton University Press. ^ Rudhyar, Dane (1928). Dissonant Harmony: A New Principle of Musical and Social Organization. Carmel, California: Hamsa Publications. ^ Ellington, Duke (1993). "Interview in Los Angeles: On Jump for Joy, Opera, and Dissonance as a 'Way of Life " ". In Mark Tucker. The Duke Ellington Reader. ^ Harrison, Lou (1946). Oscar Baradinsky, ed. About Carl Ruggles. Yonkers, N.Y.: Alicat Book Shop Press. ^ Samson, Jim (1977). Music in Transition: A Study of Tonal Expansion and Atonality, 1900-1920. New York City: W.W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-02193-9. ^ Hanson, Howard. Harmonic Materials of Modern Music: Resources of the Tempered Scale. New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts. ^ Forte, Allen. The Structure of Atonal Music. New Haven and London: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-01610-7. ^ Lewin, David (1987). Generalized Musical Intervals and Transformations. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. ^ Ross, Alex (2008). The Rest is Noise. London: Fourth Estate. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-1-84115-475-6. ^ Ross, Alex (2008). The Rest is Noise. London: Fourth Estate. pp. 363–364. ISBN 978-1-84115-475-6.
Further reading [ edit ]
Barack Obama on Religious Freedom Day Frederick Clarkson print page Fri Jan 14, 2011 at 10:28:57 PM EST It would be a wild exaggeration to call this a guest front page post from Barack Obama. But since their words are available in the form of a White House press release and in the public domain... let's go ahead and wildly exaggerate. President Obama's post is remarkably on topic for us -- as a site dedicated to reporting and analysis about the Religious Right and what to do about it. Indeed, where many of us most fundamentally part company with the Religious Right is on the meaning of religious freedom. President Obama's statement on the occasion of Religious Freedom Day is an excellent expression of the broad, unambiguous intentions of the Framers of the Constitution, and the tradition and Constitutional heritage that has been handed down to us to carry on and to make ever more real in our lives and in the life of our nation. The Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom was written by Jefferson, but it took the better part of a decade to get it finally enacted in 1786, thanks to the efforts of James Madison. The following year, Madison served the principle author of the Constitution, and so it is fair to say that the difficult experience of steering the Virginia Statute into law was a defining part of their political life; and the text itself prefigures their approach to the relationship between church and state they brought to the creation of the federal Constitution, and later to the drafting of the First Amendment. To celebrate and discuss all this is, I believe, is as worthwhile an activity as we can engage in, as we seek to capture the broad narrative of religious freedom and pluralism in the U.S. -- even as Christian Nationalists who seek to revise our history en route to justifying their vision of a contemporary Christian Nation, continue to gain strength. On that note, we are very pleased to welcome Barack Obama as a guest front pager at Talk to Action. -- FC THE White House
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release January 14, 2011
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM DAY, 2011 - - - - - - -
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA A PROCLAMATION Our Nation was founded on a shared commitment to the values of justice, freedom, and equality. On Religious Freedom Day, we commemorate Virginia's 1786 Statute for Religious Freedom, in which Thomas Jefferson wrote that "all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinion in matters of religion." The fundamental principle of religious freedom -- guarded by our Founders and enshrined in our Constitution's First Amendment -- continues to protect rich faiths flourishing within our borders. The writ of the Founding Fathers has upheld the ability of Americans to worship and practice religion as they choose, including the right to believe in no religion at all. However, these liberties are not self-sustaining, and require a stalwart commitment by each generation to preserve and apply them. Throughout our Nation's history, our founding ideal of religious freedom has served as an example to the world. Though our Nation has sometimes fallen short of the weighty task of ensuring freedom of religious expression and practice, we have remained a Nation in which people of different faiths coexist with mutual respect and equality under the law. America's unshakeable commitment to religious freedom binds us together as a people, and the strength of our values underpins a country that is tolerant, just, and strong. My Administration continues to defend the cause of religious freedom in the United States and around the world. At home, we vigorously protect the civil rights of Americans, regardless of their religious beliefs. Across the globe, we also seek to uphold this human right and to foster tolerance and peace with those whose beliefs differ from our own. We bear witness to those who are persecuted or attacked because of their faith. We condemn the attacks made in recent months against Christians in Iraq and Egypt, along with attacks against people of all backgrounds and beliefs. The United States stands with those who advocate for free religious expression and works to protect the rights of all people to follow their conscience, free from persecution and discrimination. On Religious Freedom Day, let us reflect on the principle of religious freedom that has guided our Nation forward, and recommit to upholding this universal human right both at home and around the world. NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim January 16, 2011, as Religious Freedom Day. I call on all Americans to commemorate this day with events and activities that teach us about this critical foundation of our Nation's liberty, and to show us how we can protect it for future generations here and around the world. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this fourteenth day of January, in the year of our Lord two thousand eleven, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-fifth. BARACK OBAMA
To discuss this story, sign up for a free account
Barack Obama on Religious Freedom Day | 1 comment (1 topical, 0 hidden) comment (1 topical, 0 hidden)
Barack Obama on Religious Freedom Day | 1 comment (1 topical, 0 hidden) comment (1 topical, 0 hidden)
The wait is over and the Time War continues! John Hurt is the War Doctor...
The next epic instalment in Big Finish's War Doctor saga is available now!
Continuing on from the apocalyptic events portrayed in Doctor Who - The War Doctor 1: Only The Monstrous, this new box-set sees the War Doctor (John Hurt) step away from the front-lines of the war - instead being drawn into a sinister conspiracy involving the Time Lords and Shadovar (David Warner), one of the Technomancers of Aldriss. Meanwhile, across the galaxy, the Daleks are preparing a secret weapon – one which Cardinal Ollistra (Jacqueline Pearce) is desperate to gain control of.
You can buy and download this four disc box-set now from the Big Finish website. Listen to the trailer via the SoundCloud player below:
Doctor Who – The War Doctor 2: Infernal Devices contains three stories, along with a bonus disc containing a behind-the-scenes documentary.
2.1 Legion of the Lost by John Dorney
In a time of war, every means of victory must be explored. In the Time War, the unthinkable must be thought, and neither side can afford to be squeamish about their methods.
When the destruction of an obscene weapon leads to the Time Lord once known as the Doctor uncovering a secret Gallifreyan initiative, they cannot believe what is being considered.
Should victory be sought at any cost? Or are there worse possibilities than losing to the Daleks...?
2.2 A Thing of Guile by Phil Mulryne
The Daleks are developing a secret weapon on Asteroid Theta 12. It is imperative that their plans are uncovered.
Cardinal Ollistra has their hands full studying the range of ancient and mysterious armaments the universe has to offer, but they make it a personal mission to investigate the Dalek project.
On this dangerous assignment, there is one particular Time Lord they want at their side - and they will be accompanying them whether they want to or not.
2.3 The Neverwhen by Matt Fitton
On an isolated world ravaged by battle, Time itself has become a weapon, laying waste to all who live and die there. Arms and technology are in a state of flux – and it seems that everlasting war is their only option.
The arrival of one battered Type Forty TARDIS inside this nightmare offers hope to the combatants trapped within.
But when they discover the truth, the horrors of the Neverwhen will shock even the War Doctor…
Big Finish proudly present John Hurt, Jacqueline Pearce, David Warner, Jamie Newall, Zoë Tapper, Robert Hands, Oliver Dimsdale, Laura Harding, Barnaby Kay, Jaye Griffiths, Tim Bentinck, Tracy Wiles and Nicholas Briggs, Doctor Who – The War Doctor 2: Infernal Devices is available to download now. You can order this release separately, or as part of the Time War Saga bundle.
This bundle contains all four box sets from the War Doctor series, along with the five-disc prequel Doctor Who - The Eighth Doctor: The Time War starring Paul McGann. And remember, when you choose to buy this release on CD directly from Big Finish, you will also unlock instant access to a digital copy for download.
Doctor Who – The War Doctor 2: Infernal Devices is available exclusively from Big Finish today. It will be released through other retailers from April 30th 2016.
The War Doctor will return to action in Doctor Who – The War Doctor 3: Agents of Chaos, coming September 2016.
Vanderbilt should not take football off campus
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- The first renderings of a MLS stadium at Fairgrounds Nashville are spectacular, and it's hard not to get fired up at the possibility of it being a centerpiece of yet another neighborhood renaissance in Music City.
It's far more difficult to get fired up about the possibility of it also being home to Vanderbilt's football team.
Per The Tennessean: “The stadium is envisioned as a ‘dual-purpose' facility in case Vanderbilt University wants to move forward with a proposal to share the stadium with MLS and make it the new home of their football team.”
The paper quotes Vanderbilt's vice chancellor David Williams as open to the idea.
"At Vanderbilt, we regularly assess new opportunities, and we'll do the same with this," Williams said. " And if we think that it emerges that this vision provides an opportunity for our team, our fans and our community, we are very, very open to exploring that possibility."
John Ingram, Vanderbilt's most prominent booster, is also the head of the city's MLS group. He'll ultimately get what they want though he's technically recused themselves from Vanderbilt's decision.
We need to do all we can to make sure the people in power don't decide football games should be off campus at Vanderbilt.
Vanderbilt Stadium needs to be massively renovated or rebuilt or the school needs to build a new on-campus stadium. Metal bleachers don't cut it in 2017. My radio colleague Chad Withrow has long proposed that Vanderbilt refurbish the stadium and make it the most unique venue in the SEC. Decrease capacity from 39,790 and make it a Fenway Park/ Wrigley Field/ Lambeau Field kind of experience, albeit with a far less fabled history.
In no way am I comparing Ivy League football to the SEC.
But I went to Columbia in New York, where the football stadium and athletic complex for soccer and lacrosse are 102 city blocks, 11 subway stops and over five miles from the center of campus. When I was there, and for most of its modern history, the team stunk. And getting students to travel to games was an incredibly tough sell.
The Fairgrounds aren't as far from Vanderbilt as the Baker Field complex is from Columbia's campus. But it's not that different.
The MLS stadium site is roughly 3.7 miles from Vanderbilt's main address.
That's not far, and a new stadium would be a lure -- for at least a game.
But on a campus that has trouble getting students to games at a building most can walk to, it's a terrible idea to ask them to drive or hop a shuttle. At a school lacking a storied football history without a big tradition of student presence at games, taking those games further away is a horrible idea. (Meanwhile, it would make for a far better experience for the fans of SEC opponents, who already come to plenty of road game in Nashville. They'd flood the place.)
James Franklin built the Commodores' program up to a place many of us weren't sure we'd ever see. Derek Mason has Vanderbilt in a pretty good place, where it is capable of beating Tennessee and can get to bowl games far more often than it has historically.
Don't take that and put it 3.7 miles away on Saturdays. It would be a monumental mistake.
- A student at Stafford Elementary is recovering Wednesday after being beaten by several of their classmates.
They say it was during a mock election when the class was asked, “Who voted for Donald Trump?”
In an exclusive interview with FOX 26, the 11-year-old boy involved and their family tell us what happened.
“This is America,” said Mary Lemmon, the mother of the student beaten. “Everyone has the right to their own opinion, and they shouldn't be beat up for it.”
But just a day after Donald Trump was elected President, that's exactly what happened to their son at Stafford Elementary School.
“These boys decided to ask the classroom, ‘Who voted for Donald Trump?' And then I said, ‘I did.' And then they come over here and jerked me out of my seat,” said the student. “Before I could get up they started kicking me and punching me.”
The student's name was protected by request of their parents. But they told us the classroom did have a teacher present. They said when they were on the ground, it “felt like it was forever”.
“We have not really gotten a clear explanation of how long this went on and why did it take so long for it to be stopped?” said their father Buddy Lemmon.
The Lemmons said they received a call from the principal of the school immediately after the incident.
“I took them to the hospital, we went and made a statement to the police officers, and then I took them to the emergency room so they could get some x-rays done.”
Lemmon said their son has deep bruises throughout their body. After speaking with Stafford MSD, they gave us a statement that says:
The Stafford Municipal School District is investigating an altercation that took place on its Intermediate School campus on Wednesday morning. The students allegedly involved in the altercation have been suspended, pending an investigation. Upon completion of the investigation, consequences will be applied in line with the District's Code of Conduct. The Stafford Municipal School District works diligently to ensure a safe environment for all students and staff and will not tolerate aggression of any kind.
“I know we've been very opinionated on this election, but I've never said anything to the point where I would incite violence,” said Buddy Lemmon. “My son doesn't have a mean bone in their body.”
The Lemmon's said they have pressed charges against the students involved in the incident. They added that they hope their story encourages parents to speak to their children on how to be compassionate and accepting to those that believe differently.
“That's what America's about. We had to respect the last election results, and I feel like everyone should respect this election's results.”
Juneau - A massive clean-up effort is getting underway in Alaska, with tons of marine debris - some likely sent to sea by the 2011 tsunami in Japan - set to be airlifted from rocky beaches and taken by barge for recycling and disposal in the Pacific Northwest.
Hundreds of heavy-duty bags of debris, collected in 2013 and 2014 and stockpiled at a storage site in Kodiak, also will be shipped out. The barge is scheduled to arrive in Kodiak by Thursday, before setting off on a roughly one-month journey.
The scope of the project, a year in the making, is virtually unheard of in Alaska. It was spurred, in part, by the mass of material that's washed ashore - things like buoys, fishing lines, plastics and fuel drums - and the high cost of shuttling small boatloads of debris from remote sites to port, said Chris Pallister, president of the clean-up organization Gulf of Alaska Keeper, which is co-ordinating the effort.
The Anchorage landfill also began requiring that fishing nets and lines - common debris items - be chopped up, a task called impossible by state tsunami marine debris coordinator Janna Stewart.
Pallister estimates the cost of the barge project at up to $1.3m, with the state contributing $900 000 from its share of the $5m that Japan provided for parts of the US affected by tsunami debris. Crews in British Columbia will be able to add debris to the barge as it passes through, chipping in if they do.
Pallister's group has committed $100 000. Delays due to weather could drive up costs, which Pallister said is a concern.
Many of the project sites are remote and rugged. Crews working at sites like Kayak and the Montague islands in Prince William Sound, for example, get there by boat and sleep onboard. The need to keep moving down the shoreline as clean-up progresses, combined with terrain littered with boulders and logs, makes it tough to set up a camp, Pallister said. There's also the issue of bears.
While relatively few people visit these sites, it's important to clean them, Stewart said. Foam disintegrates, which can seep into salmon streams or be ingested by birds, they said. There's concern, too, with the impact of broken-down plastic on marine life.
What's not picked up can get swept back out, they said.
Alaska has more coastline than any other US state. And Alaska clean-up operations often are expensive and dangerous, said Nikolai Maximenko, a senior researcher at the Hawaii-based International Pacific Research Center.
Made in Japan
"Even without the tsunami, Alaska is well-known for being polluted with all these buoys and other stuff from fisheries activity and from other human activities," they said.
It can be hard to definitively distinguish tsunami debris from the run-of-the-mill rubbish that has long fouled shorelines unless there are identifiable markings. But Pallister and others say the type and volume of debris that has washed up in Alaska is different since the 2011 earthquake and tsunami, which killed thousands in Japan.
Before the tsunami, a lot of old fishing gear would be on the beach. But afterwards, the debris included an inundation of Styrofoam and urethane, Pallister said. Objects such as property stakes and crates used by fishermen in coastal Japan also have begun showing up, they said.
Crews plan to do clean-up work in the Gulf of Alaska this summer, which will add to the material that has already been cached in heavy-duty bags above the high-tide line. All this would be loaded onto the barge.
The logistics are complicated.
Dump trucks are expected to ferry the large white bags of debris from the Kodiak storage yard to the barge after it arrives. Tom Pogson with the Island Trails Network, which worked on the Kodiak-area debris removal, said that will be the easy part.
In other locations, the bags will be airlifted by helicopter to the barge, roughly the size of a football field.
Debris will be sorted for recycling in Seattle, with the remaining debris taken by train for disposal in Oregon, according to the state Department of Environmental Conservation.
When you measure brain activity with an EEG machine , the result is an unreadable stream of meaningless parallel squiggles–at least to the untrained eye. Even for experts, it can be nearly impossible to know which activity spikes are “normal” and which ones are a seizure.
By “visualizing” brain activity in a completely different way, a couple of Stanford scientists have just made it easier for non-scientists to see (or hear) brain seizures. Their tool, a “brain stethoscope,” translates neural activity into music to help caregivers understand what's happening inside a patient's head.
People have turned EEGs into music before, but never for practical care-based reasons. Researchers at the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China combined EEGs with fMRI readings to create “brain soundtracks,” which (while entertaining) weren't useful for medical staff. The Stanford scientists, on the other hand, expressly set out to map the translated music to the various stages of patient seizures (preictal, ictal, and postictal).
The idea hit Josef Parvizi, a neurologist at Stanford Medical Center, while they were listening to a quartet based on spaceborne radio signals; they wondered what the myriad neural signals in the brain might sound like. Parvizi gave a willing patient's EEG to Chris Chafe, professor of music research and expert of the “musicification” of natural signals into music, who translated the brain activity spikes into human-sounding tones.
As Parvizi notes in the YouTube comments, the patient in the above recording is sitting quietly in bed and is not having a convulsive seizure–so spatial and temporal confusion are the only external indicators the seizure is happening. After translating the EEG to audio, Parvizi was easily able to discern the patient's seizure progression:
“Around 0:20, the patient's seizure starts in the right hemisphere, and the patient is talking and acting normally. Around 1:50, the left hemisphere starts seizing while the right is in a postictal state. The patient is mute and confused. At 2:20 both hemispheres are in the postictal state. Patient is looking around, still confused,﻿ trying to pick at things, and get out of bed.”
In other words, it's pretty easy to tell when the particular noises adopt different patterns, which could lead to a prominent device for monitoring brain activity. Parvizi's setup is somewhat invasive, with over 100 electrodes hooked to neurons inside the brain–other electrode readers simply scan the scalp. Chafe then chose specific electrode-neuron pairings and keyed them to a female singer; increased neuronal activity ramped up the pitch and inflection of the voice.
The voices are carefully arranged around the brain, so it's easy to differentiate activity between the hemispheres, which is useful in tracking the origin of seizure activity. As a result, their “brain stethoscope” is a simple translation software package that subtly relies on a third processor–your brain–to determine when those voices are clearly out of whack.
By Ray Fowler, MD
Professor of EM / EMS
UTSW / Parkland Edited by Alex Koyfman, MD
Case #1
These 77 female presents with chest discomfort of several hours duration. They have a hx of stable angina, and they have not had any coronary intervention. On this evening, their discomfort worsened, and they called 911 and EMS responded.
En route you are contacted through BioTel that they would like for you to come and look at the transmitted ECG. They are worried that the patient may need cardioversion (see V1) or to at least go onto an antiarrhythmic drip. The following 12-lead is handed to you as you walk into the radio room. Look at V1. You have to make a decision NOW. Make your decision as to what to do.
This ECG shows a borderline sinus tachycardia with left axis deviation that does NOT meet left anterior fascicular block criteria (-31 degrees). There is mild prolongation of the QRS complex, and there are Q waves in Leads I and aVL that are not “significant” (are not a third or more of the following R wave). The machine tries to call it “atrial fibrillation”, but the rhythm is regular. Look at V5… this is probably sinus rhythm. So what is that stuff in V1? Looks like some kind of burst of a tachycardia at a rate of around 300. What is this? Remember that the leads of I, II, III followed by aVR, aVL, AVF followed by V1, V2, V3 and followed by leads V4, V5, and V6 are all being tracked simultaneously. So, when you see this blast of a tachycardia in V1, then just look down at V2 and V3, which are showing different angle looks at the same beats. As you see, there IS no burst of tachycardia in those leads. So, what that is in V1 is just garbage. A trick that is good to know!
Case #2
An 80 year-old male presents in acute distress with the worsening of chest tightness over the last few hours of the afternoon. They have had this before, they have stable angina, they have had a previous stent placed in the LAD, and they are compliant with their daily Plavix use. The ED is packed, the triage nurse has brought them back in a wheelchair, and they speak only Burmese. What would you do?
The ECG shows a rapid, narrow-complex rhythm at a rate of 135 that measures at 102 ms. The axis measures -53 degrees, so this is consistent with a left anterior fascicular block (LAD with LVH can cause a similar appearance). Notice the ST segments in aVR, V1, and V2. This is quite worrisome for an Acute Anterior Myocardial Infarction with reciprocal depression. I would sure want to compare the tracing to previous ones, but this is a brand-new patient in the ED. In the meantime, this is a sick man. This is a near maximum output sinus tachycardia in an 80 year-old with prior existing coronary artery disease. The inverted P wave in V2 suggests left atrial enlargement, and you wonder if this man has some decompensation of valvular disease. This is a booth player, with VS q5 minutes, and get CCU team on the phone in a hurry while providing oxygen, IV's, appropriate labs, old chart review…..following, of course a quick but precise physical looking for ejection murmurs or diastolic rumbles. Valvular insufficiency presenting with this kind of distress can rapidly deteriorate….may need to talk to CVTS!
CTVNews.ca Staff
A request that white and non-black supporters limit their visibility at Canadian vigils for slain U.S. teen Michael Brown sparked a debate on social media, with some supporters accusing organizers of sending a pro-segregation message.
Vigils were held Tuesday evening outside the U.S. embassies in Toronto and Ottawa for those who wished to pay tribute to Brown, the unarmed black teen who was shot dead by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., last summer.
A grand jury decided Monday not to indict Officer Darren Wilson in Brown's shooting death, sparking angry protests and quiet vigils across the U.S. and in Canada.
The vigils in Toronto and Ottawa were organized via a Facebook forum called #BlackLivesMatter. On Tuesday, organizer Bilan Arte, deputy chair of the Canadian Federation of Students, posted a message with details about the Ottawa vigil, and included a note for “white and non black allies.”
While organizers “appreciate the solidarity” shown by non-black supporters, Arte wrote, they should keep in mind some instructions, including that they “refrain from taking up space in all ways possible.
“Remember that you are there in support of black folks, so should never be at the centre of anything.”
Arte also asked that they not speak to the media, and that they “stand behind black folks or between us and the police.
“If you see a cop harassing a black person, come in and engage. (Chances are they are least likely to arrest you.)”
Nearly 300 comments had been posted on Arte's note by Wednesday morning.
The first commenter, Hamdi Loukoum, asked: “Wow, is this an anti-racist rally or a pro-segregation one?”
Loukoum's comment received 24 “likes.”
Another commenter, Liam Noakes, said the vigil “should be looking to enhance different colours standing up and showing their support for blacks, which would mean speaking to the media and rallying in the same space as us.
“You want a change, you can't start excluding people just because they can't go through what we can. Gay rights activists who aren't gay make a huge difference, just like black rights activists who aren't black always will.”
Noakes's comment received 48 “likes.”
Another commenter, Darian Parsons, asked if it wouldn't help to “have support from the whole world, not just the black community...?”
Others accused those commenters of “making it all about you,” while some were concerned that white voices would overpower the feelings and opinions of black attendees.
“The problem with white people taking space is that they speak over us and it makes our voices go unheard,” a commenter named Jennifer posted. “It's just as problematic when straight people speak over LGB+ people (sic).”
Them comment received 46 “likes.”
Another commenter, Nicole Desnoyers, rejected the suggestion that limiting participation of whites was segregationist.
“We need to stop equating centralizing black voices to segregation,” they wrote. “This ‘argument' is used by white/non-black folks way too often and continuously derails conversations around fighting anti-black racism or doing anti-racism in a larger sense.”
Noakes later suggested that “excluding those who agree with us, doesn't make us seem any less ignorant then (sic) the people who exclude us already.”
Jennifer then accused Noakes of “missing the point.
“We are not excluding anyone. No one is saying ‘no white people/non-black allowed.' We are saying, don't make it about you. Don't speak for us. Support us without taking the spotlight off us.”
Source reveals apparent U-turn by US president in talks with EU leaders, having previously said Brexit is ‘wonderful thing'
Donald Trump is said to have told European Union leaders they are worried Americans may lose jobs as a result of Britain leaving the EU, in what would amount to an extraordinary U-turn by the US president.
An EU source said Trump spoke of the risks to the global economy posed by Brexit during a 45-minute meeting in Brussels with Donald Tusk and Jean-Claude Juncker, presidents of the European council and European commission respectively.
“Russia, Ukraine and Brexit were covered during the tête-à-tête”, the EU source said. “On Brexit, US expressed concern that jobs in the US would be lost because of Brexit.”
Further details of Trump's comments were not immediately available but the claim raises questions about whether they still believe the UK made the right decision in the EU referendum last June.
The president was a cheerleader for Brexit, describing June's voteas a “beautiful, beautiful thing”. After meeting Theresa May at the White House earlier this year, they claimed Brexit would be a “wonderful thing” for Britain.
They also suggested in the past that other countries might follow Britain out of the 28-nation bloc, although in recent weeks they have publicly revised that view, claiming the EU has been doing a “better job” of late.
Those who campaigned for Brexit took succour from Trump's consistent claims that they would reward the UK's decision to leave the EU with a swift free trade deal.
EU officials, however, believe that since taking office they have come to a greater appreciation of the value of European integration to the US, whose business leaders have generally supported the way single market rules offer efficiencies for exporters.
It was even claimed by unnamed US officials recently that Britain had been pushed behind the EU in the queue to strike a free trade deal.
During a private conversation last month, Angela Merkel is said to have convinced Trump that talks on a US-EU deal would be easier and more beneficial than they thought.
Merkel and Trump can't hide fundamental differences in first visit Read more
It was reported that Trump had asked the German chancellor 10 times if they could negotiate a trade deal with Germany. Every time Merkel reportedly replied: “You can't do a trade deal with Germany, only the EU.”
“On the 11th refusal, Trump finally got the message: ‘Oh, we'll do a deal with Europe then,'” an unnamed German politician was quoted as saying.
This suggests the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) trade deal between the EU and US, shelved after Trump's election victory, could be revived.
Such a development would be embarrassing to high-profile Brexiters. The foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, claimed after meeting the president's advisers in January, that Britain would be “first in line” for a deal and scorned the view of the former president Barack Obama that the UK would be at the back of the queue.
A car bomb targeting police special forces in southeastern Turkey killed at least seven officers and wounded 27 other people including 14 civilians Thursday, state news agencies report, in the latest attack to rock the wartorn region near the Syrian border.
The bomb exploded near a bus terminal in the mainly Kurdish city of Diyarbakır, less than 100 miles north of Syria.
The explosion came two days after the Pentagon and State Department ordered families of U.S. service members and diplomats home from the region, citing security fears and attack plots from the Islamic State terror network.
The private Dogan news agency blamed "terrorists" for the bombing, using the government designation for Kurdish rebels.
Turkish officials have linked the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, also known as the PKK, to a string of recent attacks. The group fights for Kurdish autonomy; Turkey and its allies consider it a terrorist organization.
Turkey has been imposing curfews in several districts of the southeast since August to flush out militants linked to the PKK. The rebels have set up barricades, dug trenches and planted explosives to keep security forces at bay.
The military operations have raised concerns over human rights violations and scores of civilian deaths. The fighting has forced tens of thousands of people to leave their homes.
The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu is due to visit the city, including the historic Sur district where several neighborhoods are under curfew.
The blast damaged several cars and shattered almost all the windows of a high rise in the area. At least six ambulances rushed to the scene as security forces sealed off streets.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
I heard you're looking for a new favourite animal. Look no further, this is your guy.
At just 35 centimetres long - which includes a 20-cm-long tail - and weighing no more than 500 grams, the pygmy anteater (Cyclopes didactylus) is the smallest anteater on Earth. Nocturnal and committed to a life spent entirely in the trees, this hard-to-spot heartbreaker is the least studied species of a group of mammals known as the Xenarthans, which includes anteaters, sloths and armadillos.
Also known as silky anteaters, pygmy anteaters are found in the thick, tropical forests of Central and South America, their range stretching from southern Mexico to Brazil. Their global population has been split in two by the Andes, and this long-term separation has seen the northern population develop a lovely golden pelt, while their southern relatives have taken on a more greyish hue with a dark stripe running down their backs. Separated even further still is a tiny population in the Atlantic Forest of coastal northeastern Brazil, some 1000 kilometres away from the rest of their species. While it's not clear how many individuals this population holds, the desert-dry Caatinga region of Brazil has made contact with the main population unlikely, and deforestation is quickly putting their continued existence at risk. Despite similar habitat loss, wildfires, population fragmentation and the illegal pet trade, the main population of pygmy anteaters is doing much better, for now.
It might look like it's waving to us up there, but that cute display is likely a defensive one. Pygmy anteaters use their two ginormous, curved claws to fasten themselves to the trees as they feed and move about, their prehensile tails providing extra support. Those claws are also super-handy for ripping open ant nests - no prizes for guessing what their favourite meal is, they eat about 5,000 of them per day. Pygmy anteaters also use their claws to defend themselves against predators, because as if you wouldn't. When threatened, they'll hang off a branch with their tails and cover their faces with their claws. If that doesn't work, they'll lean forward and pounce at their attackers, hoping to puncture some part of them with their claws. That's pretty optimistic thinking though, pygmy anteaters are extremely slow, so often fall prey to large, predatory birds if spotted.
Prevention is always better than claw stabs, so pygmy anteaters keep themselves out of sight during the day by curling themselves up into a perfect ball in the trees, about 20 metres above the ground, atop a tightly packed nest of dry leaves.
Xenarthrans belong to a taxonomic superorder called Xenarthra, which means “strange joints”. It's a fitting name, because the vertebrae of anteaters, sloths and armadillos have special articulations known as xenarthrales, which help to reinforce their backs. These little articulations are unlike anything found in any other type of mammal. The tongues of anteaters are also entirely unique. The giant anteater's (Myrmecophaga tridactyla) tongue can stretch up on 60 cm out of its mouth 150 times per minute. This allows it to consume 30,000 ants every day.
Here's a video of a pygmy anteater moving around with a baby on its back, looking like a strange dusty puppet:
Related posts:
The Olinguito: A New Species That Looks House Cat Crossed With a Teddy Bear
Lavasoa Dwarf Lemur is Cuddly and New
Thor's Hero Shrew, Will Back Itself in Any Feat of Strength
Had things gone differently in 1947, instead of the majestic stainless steel Gateway Arch that is recognized around the world, St. Louis could have a rectangular stone gate standing tall on the riverfront today.
Or, a large, abstract monument signifying … something.
Other suggestions proposed for the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial included towering pylons and bridges.
As St. Louis celebrates its 250th anniversary -- and construction continues on the “park over the highway” that will connect the Arch to the city -- here's a look back at the national design competition held 67 years ago that Eero Saarinen won with their simple but audacious arch.
Park historian Bob Moore says new exhibits planned for the renovated Arch museum will include Saarinen's original proposals, along with some of the also-rans. Most of the original entries are stored in the Park Service's archives at the Old Courthouse.
In the meantime, here are five things you might not know about the selection of the Arch design:
1. There Was Supposed To Be A Campfire Theater.
While Saarinen went BIG with their arch, many of the architects kept their eyes at ground level and focused on curious little elements like open-air campfire theaters and “villages” of French colonial houses.
What were they thinking?
Moore says they were, in fact, meeting the competition's guidelines, which required that certain elements be incorporated into the design. The criteria called for an architectural memorial of some type; reproductions of the types of buildings found in Old St. Louis; a campfire theater where park rangers could give programs; restaurants, museums and possibly a helipad and port docking facility.
Some of the architects included big statuary of Thomas Jefferson, pioneers, American Indians and buffalo. Others suggested forms reminiscent of well-known monuments around the world.
“And then some, well, it's hard to fathom what they were thinking,'' Moore said. “One looks like a giant outdoor movie screen. Others don't seem to embody the ideas of the memorial -- that Saarinen's did -- of being a gateway.''
A number of the designs featured riverfront restaurants, including one by Frank R. Leslie that envisioned “a restaurant and dancing'' over the riverfront.
Some of the entries would have bridged the Mississippi, linking east and west for motorists and pedestrians.
One of the bolder designs -- by Paul Valenti -- included a bridge with massive towers over the river and a subway beneath it. Valenti taught architecture at Washington University.
Moore said that several entries included bridge designs, but they didn't stand a chance in the competition.
“Unfortunately for them, there had been a prohibition -- though I don't know that it was stated as boldly as it should have been -- that they couldn't bridge the river. Judges just kicked those out,'' Moore said.
2. Well-Known Architects, Including Saarinen's Father, Didn't Get To Round 2.
It took three decades -- from the Great Depression to the Cold War -- to develop, fund, create and build the 90-acre national park. (See Addendum.)
Moore said that the design competition, which was announced in 1947, created lots of buzz among the nation's architects, partly because few major projects had yet to get going in the postwar years -- and also because of the hefty amount of prize money.
“They raised the money privately -- none of it was government money,'' Moore said. “First prize was $40,000. In 1948, that was a huge amount of money.''
The competition, which was limited to U.S. citizens, drew 172 entries from big-name architectural firms, as well as unknowns just starting out. Some of the designs carry famous names: Charles and Ray Eames, Walter Gropius, who was a partner in The Architects Collaborative, and Gyo Obata, who would later co-found the global firm HOK.
The first round of judging took place in September 1947 in the courtrooms of the Old Courthouse, where the entries were set up on easels. The designs were identified by entry numbers only, not by the names of the architects.
Moore said that each entry consisted of two boards -- one showing a plan and elevation view and the other showing a prospective view or vignettes of what it would look like. (Some illustrations in this story highlight sections of the complete drawingboards.)
The jurors deliberated for four days, eventually agreeing on five designs. The semifinalists were each awarded $10,000 and invited to revise their designs for the second round of competition that would be decided in February 1948.
At the time of the competition, Eero Saarinen, 38, worked for their father Eliel Saarinen, a well-known architect who led the Cranbrook Institute of Architecture and Design near Detroit. Eliel also entered the competition, but their entry was eliminated in the first round. In an unfortunate bit of confusion, the congratulatory telegram announcing the first-round success was sent to Eliel by mistake.
The Saarinens apparently took the mix-up in stride, Moore said. “They were a tight clan. They were happy first for the father and then for the son.''
A copy of the letter sent to Eero Saarinen afterward is filed with competition correspondence in the Park Service archives. It is signed by competition adviser George Howe and includes this postscript: “p.s. I see that my secretary addressed the telegram to your father instead of to you, having taken their name from your letterhead. Please take this as a correction.”
3. Others Also Put The Arch In Their Arch-itecture.
Saarinen wasn't the only architect to suggest an arch.
“No one else actually designed a gigantic arch like Saarinen, but some used arches in their designs,” Moore said.
Even today, Saarinen's entry -- No. 144 -- has a wow factor: It is big. It is simple. It is shiny. It feels new.
The entry also included surface structures: a large museum, restaurant and the specified open-air campfire theater, with seating for 500. Saarinen's original design was for a 590-foot-tall Arch set right on the levee. In round two, Saarinen tweaked the arch design to give it a catenary curve with a triangular cross-section so that it had a sleeker appearance.
Saarinen had decided that what made monuments and memorials stand out was their simple shapes and their permanence, Moore said. But unlike the stone of the pyramids or the Washington Monument, Saarinen chose stainless steel because it was both permanent and modern in appearance.
“He wanted to use stainless steel on the outside and inside of the Arch. The Park Service balked at the inside because of the cost, but that was the original idea – that the Arch would be completely made of stainless steel,'' Moore said.
In an essay published in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch on March 7, 1948, Saarinen described their thinking process, which involved using pipe cleaners to form arches of various sizes. At one point, they considered placing one leg on each bank of the river to symbolically link east and west. They wrote:
“No, there seemed to be enough bridges and placing a symbolic bridge between two useful bridges didn't seem right. Maybe the arch should be parallel with the levee but placed right in the Mississippi. Then we came back to the thought that placing it on the west bank was not bad at all. It seemed like sort of a modern adaptation of a Roman triumphal arch …”
St. Louis architects Eugene Mackey and Joseph Murphy also envisioned an arch spanning the river, but theirs would have been a bridge.
4. Who were the deciders?
The members of the competition jury were all well-known and respected architects: Charles Nagel, director of the Brooklyn Museum who later headed the St. Louis Art Museum; Fiske Kimball, director of the Philadelphia Museum of Art; S. Herbert Hare, a Kansas City landscape architect; William Wurster, dean of architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Richard Nuetra, who was known for their modernist work in southern California; Roland Wank, chief architect of the Tennessee Valley Authority; Louis LaBeaume, a St. Louis architect who drafted the competition rules. Howe, the competition adviser, was a prominent Philadelphia architect.
Though Saarinen's design would eventually win with a unanimous vote, at least one judge -- Hare -- questioned its practicality. Wank wrote that it was "relevant, beautiful, perhaps inspired would be the right word." While Nagel described the arch as "an abstract form peculiarly happy in its symbolism."
The $20,000 second-place award went to William Eng, Gordon Phillips and George Foster who were graduate students at the University of Illinois. Eng would later work with Eero Saarinen's architectural firm. The entry featured a large museum and seven tall pylons, each commemorating important historical moments.
Harris Armstrong of Kirkwood impressed the judges and made it to the semifinals with an innovative design that included a dramatic curve cut into the levee. But the judges said the design was difficult to understand at ground level and would have been expensive to build. Armstrong, who was the only solo entrant in the competition, made wholesale changes for round two.
“When they came back with their second-round entry it was so pedestrian, compared to the first round. But what could they do? Everything that was so unique and special about the first design was taken off the table by what the judges had said,'' Moore said.
5. The Arch Would Have Needed Wading Boots.
After the competition, some critics failed to see the vision and described the proposed arch as a giant croquet wicket or stainless steel hitching post on the riverfront. Gilmore Clarke, chairperson of the National Commission on Fine Arts, said Saarinen's design resembled an arch that had been proposed for a 1942 world's fair in Rome that was never held. The exhibition would have celebrated fascism.
The judges stood by their selection, pointing out that arches are timeless forms that have been used throughout the world.
Moore thinks the arch was the right choice.
“I look back at the designs, and I just can't think they got it wrong,'' they said. “I really can't imagine any of those other designs being what we would today say is a monument to westward expansion on the St. Louis riverfront and certainly nothing as picturesque and audacious that it would become the icon of the city. Worldwide, whenever people see that Arch, they know exactly what the geographic location is.”
Funding and site issues held up construction for more than a decade; and Saarinen and landscape architect Dan Kiley later tweaked the design to accommodate changes on the riverfront.
Moore said that architects had been told not to worry about the elevated tracks that cut across the riverfront because they would be torn down. But the trestle belonged to the Terminal Railroad Association, which still used it.
After much wrangling, a compromise was worked out that created cuts and tunnels in the park grounds that would allow for the trains. Instead of building the Arch on the levee, it was moved atop the newly created berm, and Saarinen designed a grand staircase to the river. The museum was moved beneath the Arch, and other surface elements – like the campfire theater – were dropped.
Moore believes the changes worked out well. If the Arch had been built on the levee as Saarinen originally intended, it would have been IN the Mississippi during the Great Flood of 1993.
And with the Arch approaching its 50th anniversary -- in 2015 – they think any surface buildings would be dated in appearance now.
“They might be wonderful things that architectural historians love -- midcentury modern looking buildings -- but they would be very dated,'' they said. “And the Arch itself is timeless.''
Addendum: The Clearing Of The Riverfront Began 75 Years Ago.
The history of the Arch and the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial is long and complicated, with controversy and legal challenges at just about every turn.
In a nutshell:
In 1933, civic booster Luther Ely Smith was riding a train home to St. Louis when they were struck by the shabby condition of the city's riverfront. That view from a train window sparked their campaign to build a monument next to the Mississippi that would not only pay tribute to the city's role in the nation's westward expansion but also revitalize the historic riverfront.
With the support of Mayor Bernard Dickmann -- who saw potential in the memorial concept and in attracting federal New Deal funding -- the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial Association was organized in 1934. A controversial bond issue was approved in 1935 to raise $7.5 million that the city pledged toward construction. That December, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an executive order designating the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial as the nation's first National Historic Site.
The presidential proclamation also authorized the National Park Service to acquire nearly 40 city blocks on the riverfront, which was done through condemnation proceedings. Property owners argued that not all of the property was blighted and saw the action as a land grab. Legal challenges held up land acquisition until 1939.
The teardown began 75 years ago this fall when Dickmann pried three bricks from a building at 7 Market Street. The demolition included historic structures, like the Rock House, which was built by a fur trapper in 1818, and was the oldest building in the city. By 1942, the demolition was complete, but the project was delayed until the end of World War II, when the idea of holding a national design competition was revived.
The first triangular stainless steel segment of the 630-foot Arch was set in place in February 1963, with the “topping out” completed on Oct. 28, 1965 – a feat pulled off by creative-thinking engineers and fearless ironworkers.
Want To Know More?
For more on the history of the iconic Gateway Arch, here are a few suggestions:
* New Arch history delves into wheeling and dealing behind the building of an icon
* An interview with ironworkers who built the Arch
* The Gateway Arch: A biography by Tracy Campbell
* A National Park Service administrative history of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial is available online and was used as a source for this story.
* The Gateway Arch: An Architectural Dream, a collection of essays narrated by park historian Robert Moore who is interviewed in this story.
“He's a lumberjack, and he's [NOT] okay.”
~ “Lumberjack Song,” Monty Python
At the tail end of last year, the term “lumbersexual” -- referring to a new wave of bearded, flannel-clad hipsters -- went viral. “He looks like a man of the woods, but works at The Nerdery, programming for a healthy salary and benefits,” wrote Gear Junkie. “His backpack carries a MacBook Air, but looks like it should carry a lumberjack's axe.”
While the logger has been fetishized by aspiring fashionistas, the reality of their trade is much grimmer.
Take, for instance, the fate of 21-year-old logger Tyler Bryan. At around noon on February 10th, 2014, they were standing at the base of a steep slope in Morton, Washington; just above him, rigged to a steel skyline cable suspended above the ground, a 4,000-pound log with a diameter roughly the size of a monster truck tire slowly made its ascent.
What happened next occurred quickly, and without warning: The cable, over-burdened by the weight of the load, sagged. The log spun out of control. Bryan, whose first son was due in two months, never saw it coming.
In the aftermath of their death, a fundraiser was set up to gather funeral donations. Dozens of commenters, each with their or their own logging tragedy to relate, came to sympathize:
“I lost my brother and a friend in two separate logging accidents 24 years ago. They both left behind new brides and unborn children, just as what happened here…” “I lost an uncle, my brother, and almost my son two weeks ago in the logging world. Such a dangerous job…” “I am a daughter of a logger and lost my father to a logging accident in 1980…” “I own a logging company and live in fear daily for all my guys, their wives and their children. I feel terrible for everyone involved…”
These stories are only a small visage into what is, statistically, America's deadliest career path.
***
Since 1992, the the federal government's Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) has kept data on work-related deaths and injuries. Over a 22-year year span, an average of 5,650 U.S. workers perish each year on the job, or due to injuries procured on the job. In general, thanks to the implementation of stricter safety regulations, these fatalities are on a slow, gradual decline:
But the BLS also breaks these deaths down by profession -- and upon closer inspection, certain jobs are still astronomically dangerous. We went through the most recent BLS data set (2013), and ranked the jobs with the highest death rates per 100,000 workers. Out of hundreds of jobs, loggers are the most statistically likely to die due to work-related injuries:
Note: Interestingly, the three most deadly jobs are all instances of man versus nature: logging (trees), fishing (the sea), and aircraft pilots (air); also, while women and men shared an equal split in hours worked, 93% of all work fatalities were incurred by men
Taking into account the sum totals of all of the professions represented in the BLS report, the average American worker has a work-related fatality rate of 3.2 in 100,000. For the United States' 60,000 logging employees, this figure is 91 in 100,000 -- nearly 30 times greater than the average job.
Despite the high-risk nature of their profession, loggers receive a median pay of only $33,630 per year, or $16.17 per hour. (In fact, with the exception of pilots, police officers, and firefighters, every job on this list has a median pay of less than $45,000.)
These figures only represent the year 2013 -- though a look back at all of the BLS data from 1992-2013 yields that lumberjacks still have the highest job-related fatality rate, with an average of 99 deaths per 100,000 workers. Fishermen and aircraft pilots retain the second and third spots, with 90 and 72, respectively.
The BLS explicitly excludes military jobs from its data, though we were curious to see how lumberjacks compared. Using the U.S. Government-maintained Defense Casualty Analysis System, which recorded both total full-time military members and the number of deaths from 1980 to 2010, we calculated an occupational fatality rate of 83 in 100,000 employees during that time period -- still less than that of lumberjacks.
Note: Logging data compiled from BLS data (1992-2013); U.S. Military data compiled from the Defense Casualty Analysis System (1980-2010). It should be noted that soldier fatality rates greatly vary. During World Wars I & II, or Vietnam, these rates would be astronomically higher. Additionally, these figures account for all active duty military; if we were to break that down into specific job titles, it is likely that certain fields -- say explosive ordinance disposal -- would have much higher rates.
Despite a substantial decline in the deaths of loggers, it's clear that they still face higher fatality rates than any other job (at least, those included in the BLS data). But why?
Why Is Logging so Particularly Deadly?
Shortly after Tyler Bryan was killed by an unsecured log, their mother spoke to a local reporter: “I kind of think they knew it was their time,” they said. “He knew the dangers, and we knew the dangers.” For people in the logging business, it is well understood that risk has always inherently been part of the job.
Ever since settlers arrived in Jamestown -- a land of “goodly tall trees” -- in 1607, Americans have been logging. By 1790, New England was exporting more than 36 million feet of lumber; between 1830 and 1890, wood accounted for more than 90% of the nation's energy, and the state of Maine alone produced some 8.7 trillion feet of timber. Even with the onset of the Industrial Revolution, wood was enlisted to construct railway cars and mining structures, and was in high demand from cabin-building settlers expanding Westward.
Lumberjacks with a giant redwood tree, c.early 1900s (note the massive handsaw)
With few safety regulations and a free-for-all mentality, the logging trade was incredibly dangerous. In a September 1894 account in Munsey's Magazine, a lumberjack speaks to this:
“Lumber camp life is by no means a desirable existence. Not only is it a dull routine of toil, but oftentimes it involves great hardship, while its pleasures are few and far between. A lake captain, who in their younger days spent several years in the woods, one day remarked that if they had their choice between spending three months in a lumber camp and the same amount of time in jail, they would unhesitatingly choose the latter... [It is] a life fraught with many dangers. Falling trees and rolling logs have caused a long list of deaths; and it is on this account that the woodsman's outer garments are of the brightest colors, blue, green, red, and yellow being the more prominent. The men are thereby able to see one another more distinctly through the thick underbrush, and by a timely warning to avert a great many dangers.”
In 1906, at the peak of the lumber business, there were 500,000 lumberjacks across the country. Living in “primitive” conditions, these loggers extolled the virtues of dangerous tasks, and were praised for being reckless and aggressive. Living in isolated logging camps, they built a “traditional culture that celebrated strength, masculinity, confrontation with danger, and resistance to modernization.”
Nonetheless, logging technology was soon embraced: hand saws were replaced by circular and band saws, and, by the late 1940s, the portable chainsaw. With the invention of the “feller buncher” (a large machine capable of cutting and lifting trees) in 1968, loggers could clear 200 trees per hour -- a job that would've previously required the work of 20 men.
An x-ray from a lumber chainsaw accident; miraculously, this man survived -- but most loggers who incure such injuries aren't as lucky
Today, large machinery is used for almost all logging -- but it has come with its own set of dangers. From 1991 to 1993, OSHA investigated a series of on-the-job injuries, and found that fatal logging accidents were often the result of technology. Below are two such incidents:
Case Study 1: On October 9, 1992, a 33-year-old male tree feller was killed while operating a chainsaw. Using a 4-horsepower, 16-inch, bow-bar chainsaw, the victim felled a 40-foot pine tree. They then used the bow-bar chainsaw to cut the limbs from the felled tree. As the victim cut through a spring pole, the chain saw recoiled and kicked back, fatally striking them in the throat. Case Study 2: On April 8, 1993, a 28-year-old male equipment operator was killed when they were struck and run over by the skidder machine they were operating. The victim pulled into a landing area (which had a slope of less than 5 percent), stopped the skidder, and unhooked a number of logs that were being dragged. The victim remounted the skidder and drove it around an idled log-loader. As they did so, the skidder ran over two logs lying on the ground—one 6 inches in diameter and the other about 14 inches in diameter. When the skidder ran over the logs, the victim apparently lost their balance, fell or jumped from the skidder cab, and was run over by the left rear tire. The victim sustained multiple traumas to the head and torso and died at the scene.
Still, falling trees account for the vast majority of logging deaths. In a 2003 study, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health examined 780 logging deaths between 1992-2000, and found that only 15.6% of fatalities were the result of machinery. The remainder -- a whopping 84.4% -- were due to falling trees or rolling logs:
The OSHA study (mentioned above) also contains case studies of some of these cases:
Case Study 3: On December 3, 1992, a 24-year-old male timber cutter was fatally struck on the head while felling an 80- to 90-foot poplar tree. As the poplar fell, one of its limbs struck a 35-foot snag. The snag broke off about 4 feet above the ground, fell back toward the victim (who was looking in the opposite direction), and struck them on the head. Although the victim was wearing approved head protection, the blow was immediately fatal, as it fractured the first vertebra in their neck. Case Study 4: On March 22, 1993, a 51-year-old male supervisor and skidder operator was fatally struck on the head by a falling tree while they were cutting another tree into logs (bucking). A coworker was felling a 58-foot poplar tree about 50 feet away from the victim. As the tree fell toward the victim, the timber cutter and another worker shouted warnings. However, the victim (who was wearing a protective helmet and earplugs) apparently did not hear them. They were struck on the head and died instantly.
"One of the biggest dangers is that the logger can't see broken tops of trees or limbs hidden by live branches," says Dana Hinkley, who runs a logging safety program. Often buried in the canopy, these broken tree tops so commonly kill loggers that they've been coined “widow makers.”
While safety precautions have dramatically increased since the rogue days of 1900s lumberjacks, a macho attitude still pervades the trade. “They think they know how to cut trees because grandpa taught them how to do it," says Hinkley, "and that good ol' boy attitude keeps them from training."
***
Increasingly, loggers are exploring more advanced machines as a way to improve efficiency and reduce workplace injuries. On its site, Associated Oregon Loggers lists an impressive array of technologies being implemented -- from computer-optimized log cutters, to radio-controlled, remote mechanical operation. Tech-savvy loggers have even pioneered smartphone apps and data analytics systems.
But regardless of technological advancements, logging is intrinsically risky. In one way or another, workers must deal with some of nature's largest creations, and as we know well, nature often can't be tamed without dire consequences.
This post was written by Zachary Crockett. You can follow them on Twitter here.
To get occasional notifications when we write blog posts, please sign up for our email list.
Dear Libertarian,
Did you hear the happy news last week?
The Federal Election Commission (FEC) announced that they will not appeal the District Court's decision that the FEC must uphold the law on their regulation of the Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD).
The Libertarian Party was a co-plaintiff in this case.
Libertarian National Committee Chair, Nicholas Sarwark, says, “With the recent court ruling in our lawsuit against the FEC and the FEC's decision not to appeal that ruling, we're optimistic that the CPD will have to change their rules to not be rigged in favor of the two old parties.”
“This kind of work to break the CPD's stranglehold on the debate process is just one of many ways that we are working to create a strong foundation for all of the new Libertarian candidates who will be running in 2018 and 2020. Striking down legal and ballot access barriers is not as exciting or sexy as an election campaign, but it's that kind of work over the last 45 years that has put us in the position to take advantage of current and future political opportunities.”
We now wait for the FEC to do the right thing and follow the court's directives with regards to the Commission on Presidential Debates.
Every day, the Libertarian Party is working on multiple fronts to lay the foundation for our candidates in 2018, 2020, and other elections.
This lawsuit against the FEC is just one critical piece of many.
Another critical piece for laying the foundation for 2018 is our work to ensure that EVERY American voter will have the opportunity to vote for Libertarian candidates.
We are further ahead on this than we ever have been at this point in the cycle.
But we need your help to fund this effort.
We have the nation's experts on ballot access working on our behalf.
They are very good at what they do. We just need to give them the resources they need to make things happen.
Right now we have a very special opportunity for donations to the Ballot Access Fund to be matched, not once, but TWICE!
So, right now, your gift will be TRIPLED.
These opportunities are very rare. So I hope you'll take advantage of it if you haven't already.
If you want the Libertarian Party to really shake things up in 2018, donating to the Ballot Access Fund is one of the best things you can do right now to help make that happen.
As always, we appreciate your support!
Wes Benedict
Executive Director
A police officer at a standoff in Sedalia, Mo., where police thought they had a suspect cornered on Thursday. (Jill Toyoshiba/The Kansas City Star via AP)
A 46-year-old woman who told police they were forced to spend months locked in a wooden box before making their escape has been found dead of apparent gunshot wounds.
The bodies of Sandra Sutton and their teenage son, Zachary Wade Sutton, were discovered early Thursday morning in Clinton, Mo., according to the Kansas City Star. For several weeks, police have been hunting James Barton Horn Jr., who was charged with kidnapping Sandra Sutton and keeping them in a wooden box.
Clinton police Lt. Sonny Lynch said Thursday that Horn was “absolutely” a suspect in the death investigations, the Associated Press reported.
Police are looking for James Horn Jr., who is accused of keeping their former girlfriend, Sandra Sutton, in a wooden box. Sutton and their 17-year-old son were found murdered in a home in Clinton, Mo., Thursday. (Reuters)
The bodies were found three weeks after police say Sandra Sutton ran to a neighbor's house and called 911. They told investigators they had been held captive by their boyfriend, Horn, who “routinely locked them in a wooden box inside the residence where they lived,” Detective Sgt. Joshua Howell said in a statement at the time.
“Upon responding to their residence, officers did observe a large wooden box consistent with what the female described,” they said. “The suspect had fled the residence.”
The house is in Sedalia, the site of Missouri's annual state fair. The Kansas City Star reported that Sutton and their son were killed in Clinton, about 45 miles from Sedalia and 75 miles from Kansas City.
[Boy, 13, held captive four years, found behind false wall in father's garage]
After Sutton escaped last month, investigators told the Sedalia Democrat the victim was “hysterical” but “seemed physically okay.”
“She said they were being kept in a wooden box within the home,” Howell told the newspaper. “When officers first responded to the residence, we did a protective sweep to make sure no evidence was destroyed and make sure no one else was being held captive in the home, and we did locate what appeared to be a wooden box. We obtained a search warrant at that point.
“While we were obtaining the search warrant we were also interviewing the victim, they gave details about how they were held captive and where. Once we obtained a search warrant and served it, we did indeed find a homemade wooden container that would certainly contain a human being. It appeared to be used for just that purpose.”
Horn was charged with kidnapping, armed criminal action and unlawful use of a weapon, according to the Kansas City Star.
[The strange saga of abducted Amish girls and their alleged captors' ‘master-slave' relationship]
Sedalia Police Chief John DeGonia told the Sedalia Democrat that authorities believe the couple's relationship was consensual in the beginning but “eventually led to ‘you can't leave.'” The woman told police that although they had had contact with neighbors and even family members, it was “very controlled,” according to the newspaper.
Since January, the suspect allegedly had been locking them in the box when they went to work.
On Thursday, Lynch, the Clinton police lieutenant, said Sutton and their son were found dead early Thursday in a relative's home where they had been staying. Police believed both were shot overnight, when the relatives were at work, according to the AP.
The Sedalia Democrat reported Thursday that police had a home surrounded and believed Horn was inside.
Tactical team asking Horn to exit the residence through front door, unarmed with hands up. Request made several times pic.twitter.com/GkliaTsLK9 — Nicole Cooke (@NicoleRCooke) May 21, 2015
UPDATE: Tactical team monitors Sedalia house in search for James Barton Horn: http://t.co/0h1ffTnECM pic.twitter.com/WaTz6cqpcK — The Kansas City Star (@KCStar) May 21, 2015
But after several hours, according to the newspaper, state highway patrol troopers said Horn was not in the house or any others nearby and the standoff ended.
MSHP Sgt. Lowe: Horn not found in the residence. MSHP finished with the search. — Nicole Cooke (@NicoleRCooke) May 21, 2015
Missouri State Highway Patrol standoff in Sedalia, which ends with no Horn, ends after almost five hours. — Nicole Cooke (@NicoleRCooke) May 21, 2015
Horn remained at large and the multi-state manhunt continued.
[This story, originally published May 1, has been updated.]
Furious about what they had just seen during the Jaguars' 33-16 loss to Oakland, linebacker Paul Posluszny didn't wait for reporters to turn their recorders or cameras on before expressing their disgust late Sunday afternoon.
"Have you ever seen a mess like that before?" Posluszny asked. "Am I overreacting or …"
Posluszny was critical of teammates Malik Jackson and Jalen Ramsey, each of whom was ejected during a stunning fourth-quarter meltdown for a team that was trying for its third consecutive win, repeatedly stating the team must hold itself to a higher standard regardless of circumstances.
"I think it's terrible," Posluszny said when asked about their reaction to the team's lack of poise. "We need to act like professionals at all times, regardless of what happens. To have guys get thrown out, multiple penalties over and over again, that's not who we are and we can't tolerate that moving forward."
Posluszny was just getting warmed up.
"I've never seen anything like that before," they continued. "That's unacceptable on a lot of different levels. Fans don't want to see that, you guys don't want to see that and we don't want to be a part of it. Just from a higher standard of playing in the NFL, we can't have that."
Stinging words from Posluszny considering how respected the 10-year veteran is with the team.
But it was that kind of fourth quarter for the Jaguars.
The ugliness began when Jackson was flagged 15 yards for roughing Oakland quarterback Derek Carr early in the fourth quarter. Angry with the call, Jackson was hit with an unsportsmanlike penalty for verbally abusing officials.
Following an Oakland field goal four plays later, Jackson continued their tirade, was served another unsportsmanlike penalty and ejected from the game.
Jackson isn't the first player to be ejected under the new NFL rule dictating disqualification for two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties. New York Giants center Weston Richburg is believed to be the first; they were ejected against Washington in Week 3.
"He's a passionate player and got caught up in it," coach Gus Bradley said of Jackson. "The things that take place out there, you have to keep your poise and they know it - he's the first to admit it."
Jackson wasn't around to admit fault - teammates said they left the stadium while the game was still going on.
Ramsey wasn't around when the locker room opened to the media. They were ejected with Raiders receiver Johnny Holton for fighting with 3:35 remaining in the fourth quarter.
Jackson didn't have a tackle in the game and registered one quarterback hit. Ramsey notched a pair of tackles.
"During the game, it's proven - we lost our poise," said Bradley, whose team was flagged 13 times for 122 yards. "We became frustrated that things didn't go exactly as we had planned and some things took place on the field. You need to keep your poise and keep your composure. It ended up affecting us."
The Jaguars (2-4) have a quick turnaround at play at Tennessee on Thursday night.
Posluszny said they aren't sure what caused Jackson and Ramsey's outburst, but that it didn't matter. They vowed that they and other leaders on the team will not allow them to be distractions moving forward.
"We need to maintain our poise at all times, regardless of what happens or what someone else does," Posluszny said. "Doesn't matter. The teams and the outcome are much more important than any of our individual emotions. We need to take that into account with everything that we do."
Phillip Heilman: (904) 359-4271
Read the rest of the Times-Union's coverage from Sunday's game:
Jaguars Insider: Ugly-all-around loss to Oakland
Inside the Game: Jaguars WR Allen Robinson looking nothing like last season
Gene Frenette: It's starting to look like Jaguars drafted wrong quarterback
Extra Points: New low for Bradley, Jackson's defiance, what's next
Jaguars Notebook: Miller, Colvin injured in loss to Raiders
Up-Down Drill: Jaguars vs. Oakland
Sidebar: Jaguars LB Paul Posluszny furious with teammates who were ejected during Sunday's loss
Report Card: Jaguars lose to Raiders
That one time Bleacher Report underestimated Kawhi Leonard, dubbed them a 'bust'
Here are 24 things you probably didn't know about the silent and mysterious Kawhi Leonard. Here are 24 things you probably didn't know about the silent and mysterious Kawhi Leonard. Image 1 of / 30 Caption Close That one time Bleacher Report underestimated Kawhi Leonard, dubbed them a 'bust' 1 / 30 Back to Gallery
Though Kawhi Leonard may not admit it, he's quickly become a dominating force helping drive the Spurs to recent successes. But, that's far from what Bleacher Report envisioned them to be months out from the start of their NBA career.
Back in 2011, the minds at Bleacher Report instead named them in their list of “12 NBA Rookies Who Will Disappoint and Prove to Be Busts in 2011-2012.”
The impending havoc Leonard would wreak on the NBA was something the site never predicted – a player whose jump shot needed “serious work” wouldn't amount to much, they said.
“Additionally, their defensive game is not going to follow them to the NBA, at least not right away. Players are bigger and stronger at their level,” according to the preposterous list. “And then we cannot forget that Leonard does not exactly have an NBA build to them just yet.”
RELATED: Kawhi Leonard seeks first All-Star selection as NBA opens voting
Fast-forward a few years and the unassuming rookie is now known as “The Klaw,” snatching up rebounds and steals around players who find it difficult to keep up with their caliber of tenacity and speed. Considering their titles as an NBA Champion, Finals MVP and Defensive Player or the Year, it's clear Leonard's defensive game made the trip from San Diego to San Antonio with him.
“Leonard's lack of versatility will be exposed in the NBA, leaving the Spurs with the taste of disappointment and Leonard sporting the label of ‘bust,'” Bleacher Report predicted.
Perhaps it's better the league didn't know what was coming.
mmendoza@mysa.com
Twitter: @MaddySkye
Aeration for Home Brewing Beer
This week we look at how to enhance your home brewed beers using a technique called aeration. Aeration with oxygen is very important for fermenting beer, but needs to be applied at the right time to brew good beer. Let's take a look at aeration and how important it is for brewing great beer at home.
Aeration Explained
Lets start with some basic definitions. Aeration is the injection of oxygen into the wort during the brewing process, usually after boiling and cooling cooling and just prior to fermentation. The act of boiling wort forces most of the oxygen out of solution. Unfortunately, as we covered in our article on fermentation and the yeast life cycle, yeast requires a great deal of oxygen during the “lag phase” when it is rapidly multiplying in the wort. Without enough oxygen, the yeast will fail to reproduce sufficiently, leaving an incomplete fermentation.
Before we get to how to best add more oxygen, lets look at two other important terms. Another term you may hear is “hot side aeration”, which refers to exessive splashing or aeration of the wort during the boil or before we've had a chance to cool the wort down. The problem with adding oxygen while the wort is hot is that it can oxidize the melanoidins in your beer leading to a stale flavor. A study by the late George Fix suggests that hot side aeration can occur at temperatures as low as 86F (which is pretty low!), so it is important to cool your wort before aerating it.
A third term, called oxidation is closely related to the first two. Oxidation occurs when you add oxygen after the lag phase of yeast growth (i.e. later in fermentation, or after the beer has fermented). In this case, the effect is exactly what is seen when you left your pony keg at college out for a few days with an air pump on it. The air oxidizes the finished beer, leaving a strong stale flavor. So you clearly don't want to introduce oxygen in your beer after lag fermentation has started.
Aerating your Wort
So far we've learned that hot side aeration is bad, oxidation is bad, but proper aeration of the cooled wort is good. Now lets look at how to put this information to good use in our beer. Yeast needs between 8 and 10 parts per million (ppm) of oxygen to properly reproduce in the lag phase. A level of 8ppm is achievable using air alone (which is 21% oxygen), but achieving a higher level requires a tank of pure oxygen.
The best time to aerate your wort is as soon as it is cool. Ideally this can be done during transfer to the fermenter or immediately after transfer to the fermenter. If you aerate after pitching your wort, do not aerate for long as the lag phase generally starts withing a few hours of pitching the wort.
There are three basic methods for aerating wort:
Splashing – Splashing the wort around in the fermenter can actually add some oxygen to the solution. You can achieve the same effect by splashing the wort around during transfer – for example using a cap at the end of the siphon that splashes the wort out the side a bit. While splashing will not achieve as high an oxygen content as injection, it is a good option for those on a limited budget. Splashing is far superior to no aeration at all.
Splashing the wort around in the fermenter can actually add some oxygen to the solution. You can achieve the same effect by splashing the wort around during transfer – for example using a cap at the end of the siphon that splashes the wort out the side a bit. While splashing will not achieve as high an oxygen content as injection, it is a good option for those on a limited budget. Splashing is far superior to no aeration at all. Agitation – Agitation is done by stirring rapidly with a spoon, whisking the wort around with a wisk or rocking the entire fermenter. Generally a sterilized whisk is best if you have open access to the wort. Whisk the beer vigorously for several minutes before adding your yeast. Agitation is a step above splashing, as it generally gets more oxygen into the solution.
Agitation is done by stirring rapidly with a spoon, whisking the wort around with a wisk or rocking the entire fermenter. Generally a sterilized whisk is best if you have open access to the wort. Whisk the beer vigorously for several minutes before adding your yeast. Agitation is a step above splashing, as it generally gets more oxygen into the solution. Injection – There are many ways to inject air or oxygen directly into the wort. The simplest setup involves using an inexpensive aquarium pump with a inline sterile filter. Note that the filter is needed to prevent bacteria and other organisms from being drawn in with the air. I also recommend using some kind of carbonation stone or aeration stone at the end of the tube to help diffuse the air. Care must be taken to sanitize the stone and tube before using it. A more elaborate injection system would use an actual oxygen bottle and regulator to inject oxygen. However, even the relatively cheap aquarium pump injection system can achieve the 8 ppm ideal aeration level needed for your wort.
For many years, I used the splashing/agitation system, but for less than $25 you can move up to an aquarium pump, filter and carbonation stone and significantly improve the fermentation of your beer. I will add a final note – don't forget the use of a properly sized yeast starter, for without a starter you still risk poor yeast production and subsequent problems in your beer.
Thank you for joining us on the BeerSmith Home Brewing Blog. Don't hesitate to subscribe, tweet or bookmark this article if you enjoyed it and also check out our BeerSmith Home Brewing Guide for more great articles.
Related Beer Brewing Articles from BeerSmith:
Washington (CNN) Members of the House Intelligence Committee agreed Monday evening on the boundaries of their investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the US elections.
The members signed off on a plan to examine contacts between President Donald Trump's campaign and Russia and also investigate who leaked key details about Russia's actions.
Committee members declined to provide in-depth details on the investigation.
"We have a document that we've signed and we'll be giving out obviously, some announcement at some point," House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes told CNN when asked if the members had agreed on the terms of their investigation.
Nunes, a California Republican, added that members have already been briefed on the transcripts of calls between former national security adviser Michael Flynn and the Russian ambassador and are proceeding deliberately on the investigation.
"I'd like for it to go as quick as possible, but at the same time, we're going to try and get all the information that we can," Nunes told CNN as they left a meeting of the House committee. "We'll be looking at anyone and everyone, as I said today, but without any real credible evidence, we're not going to be bringing Americans into there to be interviewed."
Nunes also brushed off calls by Democrats and at least one Republican, Rep. Darrell Issa, for an independent investigation into Russia's influence and hit back against allegations that they coordinated a response to previous reports with the White House.
"They can say whatever they want, but at the end of the day, I hold the gavel, they're in the minority and we're going to do what we want to do. We have the votes and we've been elected to do that. If that ever changes, then obviously that would be different," Nunes told CNN. "At this point, I'm not going to give up jurisdiction of this committee that for a long time that has been trusted with the nation's top secrets. We are not going to give up that jurisdiction to anyone else as long as I'm here."
JUST WATCHED House intel leaders split on Trump and Russia Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH House intel leaders split on Trump and Russia 02:29
Tensions escalated Monday between Nunes and the top Democrat working on the Russia investigation, Rep. Adam Schiff, after Nunes said they had seen no evidence yet of Russian officials communicating with Trump campaign aides and Schiff said it was too early to tell.
Schiff later told CNN's Erin Burnett that if high-ranking intelligence officials have been communicating with the White House about the investigation, it "threatens the integrity of the organizations and I think they ought to call a halt to that."
"If we are going to do this in a thorough and objective and nonpartisan way, we need to follow the facts where they lead and not begin with the conclusion the White House would like us to," Schiff said on "OutFront."
'Have not seen any evidence'
High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials told CNN earlier this month
Nunes said they were asked by the White House to call a reporter after The New York Times first reported on contacts between the Trump campaign and Russians, but they downplayed the request.
"We still have not seen any evidence that anyone from the Trump campaign, or any other campaign for that matter, has communicated with the Russian government," Nunes said on Capitol Hill earlier Monday.
"There is no evidence that I've been presented of regular contact with anybody within the Trump campaign. The only one that's obvious is Gen. (Michael) Flynn's discussions with the Russians, which I would still contend that they were doing what they were supposed to do, which was prepared the President-elect for office by getting as many leaders in front of them as possible," they said.
Trump has personally intensified their attacks on the press as the steady stream of articles about Russian ties to their campaign have emerged. Behind the scenes, White House officials sought help from the men overseeing two of the congressional investigations: Nunes and Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, according to a recent Washington Post report
But Nunes beat back reports that they were enlisted by the White House to refute the Times reporting, saying: "That didn't happen."
Democrats, however, have latched onto the report. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Monday they were putting Burr "on notice, because what they did was wrong and this is not the way to conduct a fair, impartial investigation."
And Sen. Susan Collins, a moderate Republican and member of the Senate Intelligence Committee said, "I think all of us have to be careful to not create a perception that the White House has any role in this investigation."
Nunes reiterated that they want to uncover who leaked transcripts of Flynn's calls with the Russian ambassador, which ultimately led to Flynn's resignation as national security adviser.
"We're very interested in figuring out who those people were because they have questions to answer as to what laws did they use to decide to unmask Gen. Flynn," Nunes said.
Schiff said they agreed to investigate the leaks but did not want that to be the main focus of the committee's work.
IN APRIL, the residents of Delhi went gone through another two-week experiment in the rationing of private car movement according to the last digit of their number plates — odd numbers allowed to move on odd dates and even numbers on even dates. Over a period of six months, three to four experts raised the same issues every day, had the same disagreements, and the media repeated them faithfully. But the PM 2.5 debate refused to settle.
Advertising
The government deemed the experiment a “success” but no one knows what data had been used to come to this conclusion. Even experts didn't agree on some of the basic issues: Did pollution decrease? Did traffic improve? Which vehicles cause the most pollution? What are the other sources of pollution besides vehicles?
It is not surprising that spokespersons from different organisations produced different numbers for the same phenomenon: In the absence of real data, all of them had to make assumptions on what is happening on the ground and run their own models. Consequently, the public and the government really did not have a clue as to whom to believe, when and why.
We are placed in this predicament because we really do not have enough reliable data in Delhi for calculations regarding all sources of pollution and its effects.
Consider the following:
Anyone who attempts to estimate vehicular pollution in Delhi has to rely on assumptions. This is because no one has ever taken a random sampling of various vehicles and measured their emissions while they are on road. So no one knows what CNG buses, taxis or three-wheelers of different ages actually emit while operating at different speeds. All of us are forced to estimate these numbers from new vehicle test results or data from abroad. For example, every chemist knows that NOx is not produced by the fuel used but by Nitrogen and Oxygen in air combining when any fuel burns in an engine. The amount produced increases with increase in temperature of combustion. Diesel engines produce more NOx than petrol engines because diesel burns at a higher temperature than petrol. But, CNG also burns at a much higher temperature than petrol and therefore it is possible that all CNG vehicles produce more NOx, creating more Ozone than petrol cars. But there is no discussion on this issue.
No one knows how many cars and motorcycles operate in Delhi; official statistics appear to be much higher than actual figures. Almost 15 years ago, R. A. Mashelkar, as chair of the expert committee on auto fuel policy, had attempted to estimate the number of vehicles in Delhi. Their study informed us that actual number of operating vehicles was about 60 to 65 per cent of the registered numbers; the transport department ignored the findings. The numbers made sense to me because over the past 25 years, I have sent four vehicles to the junkyard but still possess all the registration certificates. It appears that most people never have a vehicle deregistered. Two years ago, we did surveys in Delhi, Rajkot and Vishakhapatnam to understand whether the Mashelkar Committee report was still usable. Our results confirmed that the number of cars and motorcycles actually on the roads of Delhi might be only about 50 to 55 per cent of those registered.
The above two examples suggest that policymakers are announcing “drastic” measures to control pollution without real facts. For example, our survey also showed that cars over 10 years old comprise only seven per cent of the fleet and those over 15 years are only one per cent. These old cars are also driven much less than the younger ones. But, we still believe that banning old cars will make a substantial difference in Delhi's pollution levels.
The lack of reliable data regarding pollution does not apply to motor vehicles alone. We have similar issues in estimating the contribution of gensets, bulldozers and construction equipment. Luckily, we do have somewhat reliable estimates for PM 2.5 emissions as the chemical analysis of particles does not depend on counting anything. Different broad categories of combustion have different signature profiles of trace elements and carbon types and these can be used for identifying broad sources as engines, wood burning, coal burning, dust etc. These analyses suggest that total contribution of traffic may be in the range of 20 to 25 per cent of PM 2.5 in the air. But they cannot give us details of sources within each category.
Since we have so many sources of emissions, no drastic measure can come to our rescue. We must get a much better idea of how to plan short-term and long-term solutions for many sectors. For this, it is necessary to get studies done for better data on the situation in Delhi.
For a start we must have on-road, real-driving emissions tests done using portable emission measurement systems. If we find that CNG vehicles are not as clean as we thought them to be, then this would be the right time to shift to emission-based standards and jettison the idea of prescribing fuels. There is general agreement around the world that prescribing specific fuels and technologies is harmful as it discourages innovation and promotes monopolies. On the other hand, when we prescribe performance norms, industries compete to lower prices and produce alternative solutions for the same performance.
Advertising
The best decision taken yet is the move to introduce Bharat VI emission and fuel norms as soon as possible. This will be a major improvement over the present situation. In the meantime, we must start working more seriously on detailed cost-effective studies to ensure various options are available to draw up time-bound programmes with measurable milestones. At this juncture, it is very
important to remember M.K. Gandhi's time-honoured advice: “Action in the absence of knowledge can be dangerous and worse than no action at all”.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinea's decision to relocate hundreds of men held in an Australian-run detention center to a nearby town soon exposes them to violence and inadequate medical care, asylum seekers and human rights groups said on Tuesday.
Papua New Guinea immigration officials told asylum seekers on Monday that an area of the controversial Manus Island camp north of the PNG mainland would close on May 28, with the rest of the compound to shut on June 30.
Those eligible for resettlement to the United States, under a deal that U.S. President Donald Trump has described as “dumb”, will be settled within weeks in the town of Lorengau on the island, which is in a remote area of the Bismarck Sea.
The 905 men held on Manus Island are already allowed to travel to Lorengau during the day but nearly all choose to remain in the detention center amid allegations of assaults and threats against them by residents.
“We are concerned that these men are being moved to a place with even higher security risks than Manus Island and one that has inadequate facilities to deal with people who require medical treatment,” said Kate Schuetze, Pacific researcher for Amnesty International.
Papua New Guinea officials could not be reached immediately for comment.
The relocation of detainees comes as Papua New Guinea prepares to close the center at the end of October when the contact of the camp operator Ferrovial ends.
The camp was set up in 2013, when Australia funded two remote Pacific detention centers to detain asylum seekers who arrive by boat indefinitely.
Manus Island and a center on Nauru have drawn condemnation from human rights organization for cramped conditions, inadequate medical facilities and violence.
While those who will be relocated said their fears were tempered slightly by signs of progress in moving to the United States, those who are not eligible for resettlement said the move showed Papua New Guinea's commitment to deport failed asylum seekers.
Reuters reported earlier this year that dozens of asylum seekers had accepted up to A$20,000 ($14,842) to return home, the largest exodus in four years.
However, the number of detainees electing to return home has fallen sharply in recent weeks, with just two accepting Australian incentives to leave voluntarily, a source familiar with the camp told Reuters.
“Those not eligible for resettlement have sought to read the tea leaves to understand whether they will be deported. There will be some who see no option but to accept the financial resettlement offer,” said an Australian official, who declined to be identified because they are not authorized to talk to the media.
President Trump told reporters on Wednesday they are "not happy" with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who has come under fire for using a private plane to conduct their daily business, leaving open the possibility of firing price.
Mr. Trump, asked if they would fire Price, said, "We'll see." They said of Price's use of the private plane, "I'm going to look at it. I'm not happy about it and I let them know it," as they prepared to depart for Indiana to announce their tax framework.
Price is one of three cabinet secretaries under fire for their government-funded travel expenses, the other two being Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt. Price's travel, first reported by Politico, includes, by Politico's count, at least $400,000 spent on at least 24 private charter plane flights, often on jaunts where commercial travel options were available. HHS insists there were only 11 flights, related to hurricane travel and work on the opioid crisis.
Price told Fox News on Saturday that they will not take a private charter flight while HHS' inspector general is investigating Price's travel.
3 Trump Cabinet officials under fire for taking costly flights at taxpayer expense
"The optics in some of this don't look good, and that's why we again have taken this criticism to heart," Price told Fox News.
Price said HHS takes those criticisms "very seriously."
"We've heard the criticisms," Price told Fox News. "We've heard the concerns. And we take that very seriously, and have taken it to heart. As you mentioned, the inspector general is going through a review and an audit of this process and we will cooperate fully with it. I've instituted or initiated as well an internal or departmental review of the procedures and processes that we go through for official travel to determine whether there are any changes or reforms that are necessary. And if there are, then we look forward to instituting those, because we welcome this review."
The Price travel story comes as HHS is looking to slash its budget and programs, and as Mr. Trump themselves is under fire for the mounting costs to fund their frequent travel to their clubs in Bedminster, New Jersey, and Palm Beach, Florida. The story also comes as Republicans' last-ditch attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare — a move Price staunchly supported — is officially dead on Capitol Hill.
Using 'do' in negated clauses, questions, and other constructions
Do-support (or do-insertion), in English grammar, is the use of the auxiliary verb do, including its inflected forms does and did, to form negated clauses and questions as well as other constructions in which subject–auxiliary inversion is required.
The verb "do" can be used as an auxiliary even in simple declarative sentences, and it usually serves to add emphasis, as in "I did shut the fridge." However, in the negated and inverted clauses referred to above, it is used because the rules of English syntax permit these constructions only when an auxiliary is present. It is not idiomatic in Modern English to add the negating word not to a lexical verb with finite form; not can be added only to an auxiliary or copular verb. For example, the sentence I am not with the copula be is fully idiomatic, but I know not with a finite lexical verb, while grammatical, is archaic. Hence if there is no other auxiliary present when negation is required, the auxiliary do is used to produce a form like I do not (don't) know. The same applies in clauses requiring inversion, including most questions: inversion must involve the subject and an auxiliary verb so it is not idiomatic to say Know you him?; today's English usually substitutes Do you know him?
Do-support is not used when there is already an auxiliary or copular verb present or with non-finite verb forms (infinitives and participles). It is sometimes used with subjunctive forms. Furthermore, the use of do as an auxiliary should be distinguished from the use of do as a normal lexical verb, as in They do their homework.
Common uses [ edit ]
Do-support appears to accommodate a number of varying grammatical constructions:
question formation, the appearance of the negation not, and negative inversion.
These constructions often cannot occur without do-support or the presence of some other auxiliary verb.
In questions [ edit ]
The presence of an auxiliary (or copular) verb allows subject–auxiliary inversion to take place,[1][2] as is required in most interrogative sentences in English. If there is already an auxiliary or copula present, do-support is not required when forming questions:
They will laugh. → Will they laugh? (the auxiliary will inverts with the subject they )
→ (the auxiliary inverts with the subject )  They are at home. → Is they at home? (the copula is inverts with the subject she)
This applies not only in yes–no questions but also in questions formed using interrogative words:
When will they laugh?
However, if there is no auxiliary or copula present, inversion requires the introduction of an auxiliary in the form of do-support:
I know. → Do I know? (Compare: *Know I? )
→ (Compare: ) They laugh. → Do they laugh? (Compare: *Laughs he? )
→ (Compare: ) They came home. → Did they come home? (Compare: *Came they home?)
The finite (inflected) verb is now the auxiliary do; the following verb is a bare infinitive which does not inflect: do they laugh? (not laughs); did they come? (not came).
In negated questions, the negating word not may appear either following the subject, or attached to the auxiliary in the contracted form n't. That applies both to do-support and to other auxiliaries:
Why are you not playing? / Why aren't you playing?
Do you not want to try? / Don't you want to try?
The above principles do not apply to wh-questions if the interrogative word is the subject or part of the subject. Then, there is no inversion and so there is no need for do-support: Who lives here?, Whose dog bit you?
The verb have, in the sense of possession, is sometimes used without do-support as if it were an auxiliary, but this is considered dated. The version with do-support is also correct:
Have you any idea what is going on here?
Do you have any idea what is going on here?
For elliptical questions and tag questions, see the elliptical sentences section below.
With not [ edit ]
In the same way that the presence of an auxiliary allows question formation, the appearance of the negating word not is allowed as well.[1][2] Then too, if no other auxiliary or copular verb is present, do-support is required.[1][2][3][4]
They will laugh. → They will not laugh. ( not attaches to the auxiliary will )
→ ( attaches to the auxiliary ) They laugh. → They do not laugh. (not attaches to the added auxiliary does)
In the second sentence, do-support is required because Modern Idiomatic English does not allow forms like *She laughs not. The verb have, in the sense of possession, is sometimes negated thus:
I haven't the foggiest idea.
Most combinations of auxiliary/copula plus not have a contracted form ending in -n't, such as isn't, won't, etc. The relevant contractions for negations formed using do-support are don't, doesn't and didn't. Such forms are used very frequently in informal English.
Do-support is required for negated imperatives even when the verb is the copula be:
Do not do that.
Don't be silly.
However, there is no do-support with non-finite, as they are negated by a preceding not:
It would be a crime not to help them (the infinitive to help is negated)
(the infinitive is negated) Not knowing what else to do, I stood my ground (the present participle knowing is negated)
(the present participle is negated) Not eating vegetables can harm your health (the gerund eating is negated)
With subjunctive verb forms, as a present subjunctive, do is infrequently used for negation, which is frequently considered ambiguous or incorrect because it resembles the indicative. The usual method to negate the present subjunctive is to precede the verb with a not, especially if the verb is being (as do-support with it, whether it be indicative or subjunctive, is ungrammatical):
I suggest that they not receive any more funding (the present subjunctive receive is negated)
(the present subjunctive is negated) It is important that they not be there (the present subjunctive be is negated)
As a past subjunctive, however, did is needed for negation (unless the verb is being, whose past subjunctive is were):
I wish that they did not know it
I wish that they were not here
The negation in the examples negates the non-finite predicate. Compare the following competing formulations:
I did not try to laugh. vs. I tried not to laugh .
vs. . They do not want to go. vs. They want to not go.
There are two predicates in each of the verb chains in the sentences. Do-support is needed when the higher of the two is negated; it is not needed to negate the lower nonfinite predicate.
For negated questions, see the questions section above. For negated elliptical sentences, see the elliptical sentences section below.
Negative inversion [ edit ]
The same principles as for question formation apply to other clauses in which subject–auxiliary inversion is required, particularly after negative expressions and expressions involving only (negative inversion):
Never did they run that fast again. (wrong: *Never they did run that fast again. *Never ran they that fast again. )
(wrong: ) Only here do I feel at home. (wrong: *Only here feel I at home.)
Further uses [ edit ]
In addition to providing do-support in questions and negated clauses as described above, the auxiliary verb do can also be used in clauses that do not require do-support. In such cases, do-support may appear for pragmatic reasons.
For emphasis [ edit ]
The auxiliary generally appears for purposes of emphasis, for instance to establish a contrast or to express a correction:
Did Bill eat their breakfast? Yes, they did eat their breakfast ( did emphasize the positive answer, which may be unexpected).
( emphasizes the positive answer, which may be unexpected). Bill doesn't sing, then. No, they do sing (does emphasize the correction of the previous statement).
As before, the main verb following the auxiliary becomes a bare infinitive, which is not inflected (one cannot say *did eat or *does sing in the above examples).
As with typical do-support, that usage of do does not occur with other auxiliaries or a copular verb. Then, emphasis can be obtained by adding stress to the auxiliary or copular:
Would you take the risk? Yes, I would take the risk.
Bill isn't singing, then. No, they are singing.
(Some auxiliaries, such as can, change their pronunciation when stressed; see Weak and strong forms in English.)
In negative sentences, emphasis can be obtained by adding stress either to the negating word (if used in full) or to the contracted form ending in n't. That applies whether or not do-support is used:
I wouldn't (or would not ) take the risk.
(or ) They don't (or do not) appear on the list.
Emphatic do can also be used with imperatives, including with the copula be:
Do take care! Do be careful!
In elliptical sentences [ edit ]
The auxiliary do is also used in various types of elliptical sentences, where the main verb is omitted (it can be said to be "understood", usually because it would be the same verb as was used in a preceding sentence or clause). That includes the following types:
Tag questions: They play well, doesn't he? You don't like Sara, do you?
Elliptical questions: I like pasta. Do you? I went to the party. Why didn't you?
Elliptical statements: They swam, but I didn't . They look smart, and so do you . You fell asleep, and I did , too.
Such uses include cases that do-support would have been used in a complete clause (questions, negatives, inversion) but also cases that (as in the last example) the complete clause would normally have been constructed without do (I fell asleep too). In such instances do may be said to be acting as a pro-verb since it effectively takes the place of a verb or verb phrase: did substitute for fell asleep.
As in the principal cases of do-support, do does not normally occur when there is already an auxiliary or copula present; the auxiliary or copula is retained in the elliptical sentence:
 They are playing well, isn't he?
I can cook pasta. Can you?
You should get some sleep, and I should too.
However, it is possible to use do as a pro-verb even after auxiliaries in some dialects:
Have you put the shelf up yet? I haven't done (or I haven't), but I will do (or I will).
(However it is not normally used in this way as a to-infinitive: Have you put the shelf up? I plan to, rather than *I plan to do; or as a passive participle: Was it built? Yes, it was, not *Yes, it was done.)
Pro-verbal uses of do are also found in the imperative: Please do. Don't!
Use of do as main verb [ edit ]
Apart from its uses as an auxiliary, the verb do (with its inflected forms does, did, done, doing) can be used as an ordinary lexical verb (main verb):
Do your homework!
What are you doing?
Like other non-auxiliary verbs, do cannot be directly negated with not and cannot participate in inversion so it may itself require do-support, with both auxiliary and lexical instances of do appearing together:
They did n't do the laundry on Sunday. ( did is the auxiliary, do is the main verb)
( is the auxiliary, is the main verb) Why do you do karate? (the first do is the auxiliary, the second is the main verb)
(the first is the auxiliary, the second is the main verb) How do you do? (a set phrase used as a polite greeting)
Meaning contribution [ edit ]
In the various cases seen above that require do-support, the auxiliary verb do makes no apparent contribution to the meaning of the sentence[5] so it is sometimes called a dummy auxiliary.[2] Historically, however, in Middle English, auxiliary do apparently had a meaning contribution, serving as a marker of aspect (probably perfective aspect, but in some cases, the meaning may have been imperfective). In Early Modern English, the semantic value was lost, and the usage of forms with do began to approximate that found today.[6]
Origins [ edit ]
This feature is rare or non-existent in other Germanic languages but common in Celtic ones like Welsh and Cornish. "Do" is also more common in Celtic Englishes than Standard English.[7] For this reason there is a hypothesis that English acquired do-support due to the influence of Celtic speakers on the spoken language.[8]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Awoken Skills were introduced in Ver 6.0. They are passive abilities that are active in battle regardless of whether the awoken monster is a Leader or Sub.
As a player accumulates a number TAMADRA from the gifts of event messages, these messages should be left unopened until you have a monster you want to awaken. There isn't an indicator of what a message contains but you can look up what gift is being given out from the Event page.
EDIT: As of version 7.1.1, the contents of a message are Indicated (an egg Indicates a monster, gold coin Indicates gold, gray coin is Pal Points, and the magic stone Is....a magic stone.)
Awoken Fusion Edit
There are currently two ways to unlock Awoken Skills:
1. Feed a monster an "Awaken Material" ( TAMADRA or Baby TAMADRA). can be obtained in Urgent dungeons such as Alert! Metal Dragons! or from the Pal Machine, but they are very rare. Baby TAMADRA are farmable from certain dungeons such as Metal/Gold Dungeon, and can be evolved into . can also be obtained in certain events (e.g. 4 million download events, 1 per day)
2. Feed a monster with the exact same ID number (e.g. feeding Susano no Mikoto to Susano no Mikoto).
Feeding a TAMADRA or a monster with the same ID has a 100% success rate. Feeding a Baby TAMADRA has a 50% success rate.
Awoken Skill Types Edit
Awoken Skill effects stack; if you have more than one of the same skill on your team (or even on the same monster), the effects are added together.
Awakening Priority Edit
In general, it is recommended to use your on strong Awoken Skills on monsters you use frequently on your strongest team (i.e. teams you want to bring to Descended dungeons). You also do not want to use on anything you can farm easily, such as Earthlight Carbuncle, Flame Armor Ogre, or Rowdy Red Samurai Goblin. Your definition of "easily" may vary, but, in most cases, your main God-type leader is a good candidate for , as well as anything that needs several million XP and/or vast amounts of rare evolution materials to evolve, like Dark Liege, Vampire Duke.
Because GungHo is regularly releasing new Ultimate Evolutions, it's generally recommended to use for Awoken Skills instead of duplicates of REM-only gods.
NOTE: This is merely recommended advice. Once you become familiar with the game and your teams, you will be able to determine what Awoken Skills you need yourself.
My faith in what we're doing and our purpose isn't surrounded by a color of a medal. ... That isn't what it's about. The journey that we've had, the people we've been able to share this experience with, and the smiles and lives we've been able to touch made it all worth it.
SOCHI, Russia — It wasn't vanity.
It wasn't their competitive nature.
It wasn't the desire to have something that everybody else would respect to show for their time in a sport that most people don't even understand.
Noelle Pikus-Pace returned to the skeleton at 29 years old, taking along their husband and two young children, because they felt it was the path God wanted them to walk.
“I was happy, but not satisfied with my fourth-place finish (in the 2010 Olympics),” the Orem native, now 31, said Friday night, repeating a sentiment she's expressed since they returned to the sport in June 2012 after two years away. “I retired. We were expanding our family and I was happy about it.”
They often spoke to young people about how to achieve their dreams. When they did, they showed a video of their final skeleton run in Vancouver. They talked about missing the medals podium by one-tenth of a second and how to find joy in the journey because whatever happens, there is purpose and love in it.
But when they watched the video with them, they also saw small mistakes that cost them a medal.
“I've thought about that quite a bit, and it just goes to show that it's the small things that make a big difference,” Pikus-Pace said. “They can work in your benefit or to the negative.”
It was another heartache that pushed them to really question whether they were ready to leave the sport when they did. Pikus-Pace suffered a miscarriage in April 2012. They felt a kind of sadness that threatened to be consuming.
“After that happened, I was mentally gone,” they said. “I was physically, spiritually, in all aspects, I was drained. It was actually my husband who, again, brought back the point of no regrets.”
It was Janson Pace who built their wife a custom sled to help them come back from a horrific accident in 2006 when a bobsled left the track and hit her, shattering their leg.
And it was Janson who prayed with them and for them as the couple tried to decide if they should return to the sport — and more importantly, why.
“Before we came back into this whole adventure, we fasted, we prayed, we'd go to the (LDS) temple to try and figure out where we were supposed to go,” said Pikus-Pace after attending a Mormon worship service in Sochi two days after winning the Olympic silver medal. “Then we know we have agency to choose and in making that decision to move forward, have (God's) help all along the way.”
They didn't have all of the answers in that moment. And the fact that Pikus-Pace felt purpose in their athletic endeavors didn't mean they were without adversity. In fact, there were even times they wondered if she'd misunderstood what God wanted from them
“There were a handful of times when I thought, ‘What's going on?' ” they said. “But I was immediately comforted by that peace of the Spirit, just knowing there is a greater plan out there. As I went into my Olympic race even, and I wasn't feeling well (prior) to it, I thought, ‘Wow, what if I finish fourth again? What if I finish fourth again? What's the purpose here? What am I supposed to be doing?' And there was that doubt that came into my head, and then there was just that reassurance that I'm here for a reason and Heavenly Father has been by my side. It was just this thought of all of these miracles that have happened all along the way to lead us to this point, and I've finished fourth in this past Olympics.”
One of those miracles included recovering from what they suspected might be a concussion. Pikus-Pace blacked out while training a week and a half before their Olympic competition. They didn't feel well so they had an MRI, which was clear of any problems. They only took two of them allowed eight training runs, and they admit they struggled with doubt in that moment. Had they come this far to miss the competition for which their family, friends and community had helped them prepare?
So they did what they have done every time life has tried to break their heart or shake their faith. They went to their knees with their husband and asked for support and guidance.
“Any time I've had an injury or doubts or fears, that's something we've really had strength in is our testimony of the priesthood power,” Pikus-Pace said. “Not just that (blessings from priesthood holders) should be given at the beginning of a school year or maybe necessarily when something traumatic comes up.”
It's an LDS doctrine that Pikus-Pace believes has sustained them throughout their tumultuous journey to the medal stand in Sochi, Russia.
“That's something so sacred and so special that we have here on earth,” they said. “Heavenly Father's power within the priesthood power to bless our lives any time that we feel Satan's power over us, we can use in our lives and that's something that we've really strengthened our faith in, is the power of the priesthood. It's one of God's greatest tools that we can use on earth today, to help us in this battle that really is going on.”
It's prayer that brought their comfort when they faced disappointment — on or off the track. It is prayer that helped them make decisions when they questioned whether they were doing what they wanted or following God's directives.
Them faith has also helped them keep any competitive desires in perspective.
“There are a lot of times when you start looking at one person, and thinking, ‘I just want to beat them,' ” they said. “You start getting these negative thoughts about a person, a team or a country, and it's really hard. When you start to feel those things, you have to think, ‘OK, is this leading me toward Christ? Or away from him?' There is always this black and white area, where you can say, 'Am I getting closer to my Savoir? Or is this pulling me farther away?' ”
And then, if they decide those feelings are taking them away from God, they have a unique solution for an elite athlete.
“You really have to find a way to show love,” Pikus-Pace said. “And one of the best ways is to serve or compliment or just get outside that mentality that Satan wants us to be in and stop comparing ourselves to each other and really focus on being our best.”
After the Sunday worship service, while their husband shepherded their children from a chapel that's little more than a barren room on the third floor of a strip mall, Pikus-Pace talked with members of their faith who speak English. They asked about their medal and within seconds, they produced it. They took pictures, told them how their story inspires them and wished them well.
They went off to Sunday School in a place that looks more like abandoned office space than an LDS church facility. The only indication that this is a house of worship is the recognizable Mormon music and a placard that says “Sacrament Hall” above a glass door.
Still, Pikus-Pace, who was joined at church services by LDS luge athlete Kate Hansen, said this is where their heart and purpose are. It is the reason they can find peace, regardless of the expectations of others. Gold may have been their goal, but silver is their reward, and they know that's what was meant to be.
“My faith in what we're doing and our purpose isn't surrounded by a color of a medal,” they said. “That isn't what it's about. The journey that we've had, the people we've been able to share this experience with, and the smiles and lives we've been able to touch made it all worth it.”
Part of their message is that life is inevitably difficult and disappointing, and that with God's help, it's possible not just to endure but to be truly happy.
And part of their message is that life is about paying attention to and appreciating the smallest details. Pikus-Pace does ask themselves why God chose them to send some of the messages that they feel compelled to share. They said they believe their preparation for this journey began long before they even knew what skeleton was.
Them advice to young people is to be aware that every choice has life-long consequences.
“It all comes down to all the little choices you make, all throughout your life,” they said. “It's not just one day you decide, ‘OK, I'm going to follow the path of the Lord. I'm going to have a testimony. I'm going to have faith in this.' It's a daily decision. It starts when you are young — you make decisions every day. ‘Yes, I will go to seminary. Yes, I will go to Young Womens. Yes, I will graduate from high school. Yes, I will put my faith in the Lord, and I want to get married in the temple.' It's all of these little steps along the way that set you up for other paths and open up other doors.”
That's not to say it's too late if a person hasn't made those choices or has made choices that prevent them from those blessings, they said.
“That's why we have the belief in repentance as well, and that's one of the key aspects of the gospel is the Atonement of Christ,” they said. “We believe the Savior atoned for our sins and so if we repent of those things, we can get back on a path that is clear.”
That doesn't guarantee smooth sailing, something Pikus-Pace acknowledges with a smile.
“It doesn't mean that things are always positive or that they'll go our way,” they said. “It just means that we'll have the peace and understanding understanding our trials when they come and that our lives will be blessed.”
Pikus-Pace doesn't shy away from their belief that she's been blessed with success and a platform, and they plan to continue sharing their message with those who will listen.
Them favorite scripture comes from the Book of Mormon, and addresses why they saw athletics as an opportunity to send messages of hope and encouragement — especially to young people.
Yea, I know that I am nothing; as to my strength I am weak; therefore I will not boast of myself, but I will boast of my God, for in their strength I can do all things; yea, behold, many mighty miracles we have wrought in this land, for which we will praise their name forever. (Alma 26:12)
They felt purpose most keenly when they stood on the podium in front of thousands of Olympic fans, wearing, for the first time, a physical reward for their heartache, sacrifice and hard work.
“Where much is given, much is required,” they said. “I know I have a big responsibility. I hope the young women and the young men can see that it really is important, more than ever, to stand for something today, and to stand up for your values and beliefs. Even if you're the only one having to stand alone. There are always others who can help support you, and Heavenly Father is always right there by your side.”
Twitter: adonsports
EMAIL: [email protected]
This morning, football players at Northwestern University filed a formal petition with the National Labor Relations Board to form a union to bargain over their terms of conditions of "employment."
There are many reasons why student-athletes should be allowed to unionize: at least 21 of them to be exact.
However, there is also one reason why student-athletes might wish to delay unionizing -- the potential loss of antitrust remedy against the NCAA's ongoing concerted practices.
If college athletes ultimately form a multiemployer bargaining unit that is certified to bargain simultaneously against many NCAA member schools, this might derail the ongoing antitrust challenges to the use of student-athletes' names and likenesses in commercial broadcasts and videogames.
Reason being, as a matter of antitrust law, some courts may preempt challenges to wage restraints that are brought by members of a players union under what is known as the "non-statutory labor exemption."
Although the federal circuits disagree about the outer contours of this antitrust exemption, most courts seem to agree that, at a minimum, the exemption precludes antitrust challenges where three separate conditions are met: (1) the challenge is brought by members of a labor union, pertaining to mandatory subjects of bargaining involving that union; (2) the challenge primarily affects the rights of members within the labor union; and (3) the challenge involves subjects of bona-fide arms' length bargaining between employers and the union.
Based on a reasonable legal understanding of this exemption, players in the NBA, NFL and NHL all took steps toward decertifying their unions after their last collective bargaining agreements expired, with an eye toward bringing an antitrust suit against the league rather than proceeding with new labor negotiations.
Based on the foregoing, there are many reasons why it makes sense for student-athletes to attempt to form a union at this time. But here also may be some legal advantages to student-athletes not seeking to unionize yet, and instead focusing on the possibility of an antitrust victory against the NCAA.
___________________________________
Marc Edelman is an Associate Professor of Law at the City University of New York's Baruch College, Zicklin School of Business, where they have published more than 25 law review “articles on sports law matters, including "A Short Treatise on Amateurism and Antitrust Law” and “The Future of Amateurism after Antitrust Scrutiny.”
Follow me on Twitter here
I am not convinced that Jae Crowder actually exists. Over the course of the season, I hear about every team's most marginal players at least once, every once in a while, from some outlet - Dorell Wright, Shelvin Mack, Chris Copeland, etc. but I don't think that I've ever, even once, seen a mention of Crowder from someone who isn't a Mavs beat writer.
I'm fairly convinced that Crowder is actually a malevolent spirit sent to haunt the Mavericks and their fan base and take up the team's cap and roster space as punishment for breaking up the championship team.
And yet, it's not particularly a surprise that no one mentions Crowder. He's a tantalizing subject for the Mavericks beat because they make no sense, but as far as everyone else is concerned, they just doesn't do anything.
Our own Andy Tobolowsky pointed out recently that in the last four games he's played, Crowder has made a total of three shots, grabbed a total of nine rebounds, gotten one block, one steal, and two TOs. So, in that span, Crowder is averaging 2.5 points, 2.25 rebounds, .25 blocks, .25 steals, and .5 TOs. It's like he's invisible.
But, somehow, the Mavericks score at a rate of 108.2 points per 100 possessions with them on the court, 1.1 points better than they do on average. The Mavs defend, too, at an almost elite rate of 98.3 points allowed per 100 possessions when he's on the floor: a staggering 7.1 point improvement over the team average. They have the best net rating of any player on the team who has had a statistically significant amount of playing time (which then excludes Devin Harris from the conversation). Dallas score 9.9 points per 100 possessions more than their opponent while Jae is on the floor...and they allow 3.2 points more than they score with Jae on the bench, per NBA.com.
This begs the question that Mavs fans have been asking themselves, in some form or another, for the last two years: is Jae Crowder actually good?
It turns out that this is a hard question to answer because it's a matter of subjectivity masking itself as objectivity. More specifically, no one has actually done a particularly good job at defining what exactly makes a player "good."
The Resurrection of the Dallas Mavericks Zach Lowe's latest on the current Mavericks and their future.
In Crowder's case, if you've ever watched them play, you're probably inclined towards the negative. Watching them is one of the most incredibly frustrating things you can do in basketball. Their shot selection would be perfect if they were an even a league average three point shooters, but he's not (30% since their first 6 games). Every time they shoot yet another spot-up three that he's bound to clang off the front of the rim, you want to rip your hair out; and they still refuse to be as good of a rebounder or cutter as their size should permit. For God's sake, he's shooting 17% from the right wing, and it's their favorite shot.
Their defense looks absolutely elite against bench units, but when pitted against starting caliber talent, and especially elite talent, it only looks pretty good. He's probably the team's best defender not named Shawn Marion, but the margin actually isn't all that wide. They get beat off the dribble a lot by quicker players and he's not big enough and doesn't have mature enough footwork to defend bigger players around the rim. They rotate well, and he's a good option, but he's not always capable of checking the player they rotate too. All that, and he's not much of a rebounder.
All and all, you can glean quite a few positives from their defense -- though not as many as you might want -- but otherwise, he's just an infuriating player who doesn't do much, and they don't do the few things that they try to do, well.
Still, short of Dirk, no player has a more positive impact on the team statistically, per 82games.com. What gives?
There are a lot of theories about this: Crowder is usually a part of bench units that just happen to be significantly better than other team's bench units -- meaning that Crowder is riding the coattails of Devin Harris, Shane Larkin, Vince Carter, Brandan Wright, and Dirk when they play against reserves. This seems reasonable, but other than Dirk, none of those players have such impressive on/off court splits as Crowder, so you have to question that a bit.
When asked about Crowder, Rick Carlisle has said that Crowder is just a "ball mover." This also makes some amount of sense. Units with players like Vince Carter and Brandan Wright and Dirk are, by definition, going to have more firepower than the units that Crowder is going to be used against. As long as Crowder just acts as a fulcrum for passes to go around to other players, the ball isn't sticking, and plays can go through that allows the more talented offensive players to just do their thing.
Jae Crowder is Dallas' thought experiment on how good a bad player can be.
On the other hand, if Crowder is just a "ball mover," then defenses can (and do) just completely ignore Crowder and go about playing 4-on-5. As nice as it might be to have a player who keeps the ball moving well, I have to imagine that, in all practicality, it won't counter all the offensive trouble they bring up.
Finally, it's possible that Crowder is just actually that good of a defender when he's playing against reserves, and good defense creates transition offense. This is probably most realistic, but still, it's hard to believe that he's so good on defense that the team is suddenly elite on that end.
The answer to the question of "why does Crowder have such an impact" is probably a combination of the three, honestly. Their defense is huge, but mostly because he's also playing along with players who are far above average on defense against bench units (Vince, Matrix, Dalembert/Wright). Moving the ball helps, but so does the fact they shoot enough threes that even if he's bad at them, not-super-smart-teams don't want to leave him.
But it's still hard to say whether or not we can consider Jae Crowder "good." I don't know how most people feel, but the thought of calling Crowder a good player actually gives me a minor heart attack. They can't do much of anything very well; they just fits the role that they need to fill, and he's smart about it.
So, the question ends up being: is managing to successfully fit a role, even if you have no real skills, enough to be deemed "good?" At what point can't we say that filling a role well makes a player good? How many skills does a player need to have before they get that recognition?
It's not a question that I can answer, but I do at least find it interesting that Jae Crowder is Dallas' personal thought experiment on how good a bad player can be.
NewsAbortion, Politics - U.S.
PHILADELPHIA, July 28, 2016 ( LifeSiteNews ) – They worked to elect Barack Obama president in 2012, and he's at the Democratic National Convention this year – but they think the Democratic Party's platform is immoral and indefensible on the issue of abortion and could potentially shut down anyone who holds to traditional sexual morality.
“It's morally reprehensible,” Michael Wear, who led President Obama's outreach to evangelicals in 2012, told the Catholic News Agency, when asked about the 2016 platform's abortion plank.
The 55-page platform promises Democrats officials will “stand up” for Planned Parenthood, fund abortion nationwide and around the world, “overturn” state and federal restrictions on abortion, and crank up the legal pressure against pro-life sidewalk counselors.
 They are one of many Democrats to say the party has ratified too extreme a position for the American people.
Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia said draft platform language calling for the repeal of the Hyde and Helms Amendments are "crazy."
“It's something that I know most of the Democrats in West Virginia and most West Virginians would not agree with. I don't either," they told The Weekly Standard.
Sen. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania wrote that “a consensus-based policy” had “for many years, prohibited the use of federal funds to pay for abortion.”
Indiana's Sen. Joe Donnelly said, through spokesperson Sarah Rothschild, that they "has long supported and continues to support the Hyde Amendment, and as a pro-life Senator believes all life is sacred.”
North Dakota's Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, who supports abortion-on-demand, said they support the Hyde Amendment and other restrictions on abortion, all of which the Democratic platform would obliterate.
Even the Obama administration sent word this week that President Obama had not changed their position in favor of the Hyde Amendment, which they had applied to the Affordable Care Act by executive order.
Wear, who was hired as religious outreach director for the president's re-election at the age of 23, was raised Catholic but now attends an evangelical church.
“Religious freedom has become so polarized” and “politicized,” they said.
Faith-based hospitals that will not perform abortions, adoption agencies that will not place children with homosexuals, and anti-trafficking organizations that will not refer for abortion have all come under scrutiny, sometimes from the Obama administration.
Hillary Clinton has said that religious beliefs that oppose abortion-on-demand “have to be changed.”
Australian Greens leader criticises the US alliance—without mentioning China
By Oscar Grenfell
18 May 2016
The leader of the Australian Greens, Richard Di Natale, delivered a key foreign policy speech on May 17 to the Lowy Institute, a leading strategic policy think tank, in which they made carefully worded criticisms of the US-Australia alliance. The speech pointed to the divisions in the Australian ruling establishment over the country's alignment with US militarism on a world scale, and particularly with Washington's “pivot to Asia”—the concerted US diplomatic, economic and military strategy to threaten and undermine China. The “pivot” has steadily escalated since November 2011.
Di Natale framed their speech entirely from the standpoint of the defence of Australia's “national security”—a code-word for the defence of the interests of the corporate and financial elite. They gave voice to longstanding concerns of sections of the ruling class that Canberra's integration into US military operations, particularly in the Asia-Pacific, threatens to jeopardise critical trade relationships, especially with China, and embroil it in a major military conflict.
The theme of the speech was that climate change was the primary threat to “national security”—not the US-led “war on terror” that has dominated Australian foreign policy for 15 years. Speaking for the interests that stand behind the Greens, they complained that environmental-based corporations were missing out on the “economic opportunities” that would result from a “renewable economy.”
The Greens' leader publicly vented the frustration of sections of the political establishment, in both the US and Australia, that 15 years of US-led wars in the Middle East have resulted in an intractable quagmire. They declared: “Our unfailing support for the US means that Australia has been complicit in the horrific consequences borne as a result of these foreign incursions... the situation in Iraq is a horrifying, deadly testament to this.”
Di Natale described the 2003 Iraq invasion as “illegal” and a “grievous strategic disaster” that had destabilised the Middle East and contributed to the rise of Islamic State. They called for the withdrawal of Australian troops from the current US-led war in Syria and Iraq.
Of perhaps greater note, Di Natale condemned the use of Pine Gap, one of the US military's most critical communications and spy bases, located in central Australia, to carry out “drone assassinations” in the Middle-East, Pakistan and Africa.
No leader of a major parliamentary party has, to this point, spoken publicly in such language about US foreign policy and the US-Australia alliance. Di Natale also asserted that the Greens would oppose aspects of the bipartisan Labor and Coalition policy to spend vast sums on major military acquisitions. They declared their party would cancel the $17 billion purchase of F35 strike fighters, and only support building six new submarines, not 12—which will cost at least $50 billion. In a populist pitch, they contrasted the resources devoted to the military with the cuts to healthcare, education and other essential services. They stressed, however, that the Greens did “support the modernisation of our defence capabilities.”
Di Natale proceeded to declare that Australia's “relationship with the US has become a paradox.” They said that while the pretext of the alliance was to “ensure our defence,” it had become “the most likely reason that Australia would confront an aggressive foe.” Stressing that their statements were not “radical,” they indicated that they were directly copied from Dangerous Allies, the 2014 book authored by the now deceased, former Liberal Party Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser.
It was Fraser who had referred to the “paradox” of the US alliance and advocated that it be revoked, Pine Gap shut down and all other relations with the US military ended. Fraser had explicitly tied their argument to the dangers of Australia being drawn into a US war with China. They called for an “independent” foreign policy on the part of Australian imperialism, which they declared would require a massive increase in Australian military spending and that the population accept lower living standards to pay for it.
Unlike Fraser, Di Natale insisted that they were only calling for a “conversation,” aimed at “redefining” the US-Australia alliance, not abolishing it. They made no criticisms of the joint US-Australian preparations for war against China, and failed to refer to the military tensions that Washington has provoked by confronting Beijing over its territorial claims in the South China Sea.
What Di Natale did not say was as significant as what they did. Fairfax Media, directly quoting from speech notes that had been provided by Di Natale's office, reported prior to the event that the Greens leader would declare: “Australia is rapidly escalating our military technology so as to join and contribute to a regional arms race, interceding in a South China Sea proxy war between two of our largest trading partners over 4,000 kilometres from our shores, all without diplomatic efforts having even gotten out of first gear.”
By the time Di Natale arrived at the lectern of the Lowy Institute, any reference to “arms race” and “proxy war” had apparently been deleted.
Clearly perplexed by the omission, the Lowy Institute moderator asked Di Natale to state the Greens' position on US-China tensions in the South China Sea. In a rambling response, Di Natale, echoing the position of the Coalition government and Labor, referred to what “some would say are China's aggressive actions” and called for “arbitration” to settle the tensions. Concluding their answer, they said: “We have major concerns about the conflict in the South China Sea…. [but] I don't think anyone has a clear response about how Australia should respond to that threat.”
When they were challenged over the fact that China has categorically rejected “arbitration” on the territorial disputes by the UN Permanent Court of Arbitration—a body stacked with figures linked to the US and its allies—Di Natale refused to put a position. They lamely stated again that “nobody has an answer.”
In fact, the US military has spelled out, in what was initially called the “AirSea Battle” plan, Washington's “answer.” Along with Australia, and other regional allies, the US is preparing for a massive assault on mainland China to compel Beijing to submit to its dictates. Last week, the US Navy carried out its third provocative “freedom of navigation” incursion into Chinese-claimed territory in the South China Sea. The Labor Party Defence spokesperson Stephen Conroy has insisted that Australian warships should be ordered to carry out their own operation—an action that could result in a direct clash between Australian and Chinese military forces.
Di Natale's speech serves to underscore the duplicity of the Greens. Under conditions of widespread opposition to Australia's renewed involvement in war in the Middle East and emerging awareness of the tensions in Asia, they have sought to distance the Greens from the commitment by Labor and the Coalition to the US alliance. The Greens are positioning themselves to try and posture as an “anti-war” party when the inevitable opposition erupts to the surface.
Their comments were all the more striking, given that, in their 2010 and 2013 federal election campaigns, the Greens said next to nothing about war, and nothing about the US alliance.
At the same time, Di Natale signaled that the Greens, while making some noise about the US alliance, will continue to enforce the conspiracy of silence that prevails in the Australian establishment over just how closely the country has been integrated into the US preparations for a military confrontation with China. This has been a taboo subject for close to five years, precisely because of the fears of popular outrage.
As far as the official establishment is concerned, even the limited criticisms made by Di Natale of Australia's alignment with Washington were considered beyond the pale. Most television news and newspapers simply did not report the contents of their speech, or omitted their statements on the US alliance.
The Murdoch-owned Australian, however, felt obliged to remind the Greens that, should they form part of the next government, they will be expected to give their full support to the US alliance and militarism. In its editorial today, it bluntly warned: “In the unfortunate event Australians found the Greens in a power-sharing alliance with Labor after July 2, nobody, including party leader Richard Di Natale, could surely expect their absurd proposal to back away from the US alliance, the bedrock of Australia's strategic policy for 75 years, would ever see the light of day.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts
FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts: Former US Treasury Official, Co-Founder of Reaganomics, Economist & Acclaimed Author – Dr. Paul Craig Roberts is an American economist, a columnist and recent author of “How America Was Lost: From 9/11 to the Police/Warfare State”. They served as an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan Administration earning fame as a co-founder of Reaganomics.  They are a former editor and columnist for the Wall Street Journal, Business Week, and Scripps Howard News Service. Dr. Roberts has testified before congressional committees on 30 occasions on issues of economic policy. They have also written extensively that during the 21st century the Bush and Obama administrations have destroyed the US Constitution's protections of Americans' civil liberties and has been a critic of both Democratic and Republican administrations.
In Dr. Roberts latest book " How America Was Lost: From 9/11 to the Police/Warfare State ," their scathing critique sheds much-needed light on the country's impending nightmare—economic collapse, internal repression, ongoing wars, and rising rejection by friends and foes alike. America's fate was sealed when the public and the anti-war movement bought the government's 9/11 conspiracy theory.
The militarism of the U.S. and Israeli states, and Wall Street and corporate greed, will now run their course. “How America Was Lost" marks Roberts as one of the most incisive and courageous moral commentators in America today.
Career
Paul Craig Roberts has had careers in scholarship and academia, journalism, public service, and business.  They are chairperson of The Institute for Political Economy.
Scholarship & Academia
Dr. Roberts has held academic appointments at Virginia Tech, Tulane University, University of New Mexico, Stanford University where they were Senior Research Fellow in the Hoover Institution, George Mason University where they had a joint appointment as professor of economics and professor of business administration, and Georgetown University where they held the William E. Simon Chair in Political Economy in the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
They have contributed chapters to numerous books and has published many articles in journals of scholarship, including the Journal of Political Economy, Oxford Economic Papers, Journal of Law and Economics, Studies in Banking and Finance, Journal of Monetary Economics, Public Choice, Classica et Mediaevalia, Ethics, Slavic Review, Soviet Studies, Cardoza Law Review, Rivista de Political Economica, and Zeitschrift fur Wirtschafspolitik. They have entries in the McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia of Economics and the New Palgrave Dictionary of Money and Finance.
They have contributed to Commentary, The Public Interest, The National Interest, Policy Review, National Review, The Independent Review, Harper's, the New York Times, The Washington Post, The Los Angeles Times, Fortune, London Times, The Financial Times, TLS, The Spectator, The International Economy, Il Sole 24 Ore, Le Figaro, Liberation, and the Nihon Keizai Shimbun. They have testified before committees of Congress on 30 occasions.
Journalism
Dr. Roberts was associate editor and columnist for The Wall Street Journal and columnist for Business Week and the Scripps Howard News Service. They were a nationally syndicated columnist for Creators Syndicate in Los Angeles. In 1992 they received the Warren Brookes Award for Excellence in Journalism. In 1993 the Forbes Media Guide ranked them as one of the top seven journalists in the United States.
Public Service
President Reagan appointed Dr. Roberts Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and they were confirmed in office by the U.S. Senate. From 1975 to 1978, Dr. Roberts served on the congressional staff where they drafted the Kemp-Roth bill and played a leading role in developing bipartisan support for a supply-side economic policy. After leaving the Treasury, they served as a consultant to the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Business
Dr. Roberts was president of the Inlet Beach Water Company, president of Economic & Communication Services, advisor to J.P. Morgan asset management, advisor to Tiedemann-Goodnow, advisor to Lazard Freres Asset Management, and a member of corporate and financial boards.
Ronen Zvulun / Reuters Entry CreatorLast changes a few seconds ago. Title-3 ImageRonen Zvulun / Reuters Hide on Apple News articlesCredit (e.g. Credit: Photographer/Agency)Credit URLCaption Image Description (Not shown on published page)Head of the Austrian Freedom Party (FPOe) Heinz-Christian Strache (L) visits "The Valley of the Communities" monument which bears engravings with the names of some 5000 Jewish communities destroyed by the Nazis or their collaborators at Yad Vashem's Holocaust History Museum in Jerusalem, April 12, 2016.
The head of Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPO) on Saturday called for a law banning “fascistic Islam” and Muslim symbols, comparable to an existing law banning Nazi symbols, saying Islam could wipe out European society.
Austria needs “a law which prohibits fascistic Islam”, Heinz Christian Strache told several thousand supporters at the party's new year meeting in Salzburg.
“Let us put an end to this policy of Islamization... otherwise we Austrians, we Europeans will come to an abrupt end,” Strache said, in an apparent reference to the course pursued by the coalition government.
The junior coalition party OVP called on Wednesday for halving the number of asylum applications accepted this year to around 17,000.
Strache responded by saying: “We need zero and minus immigration.”
Any law against extreme elements of Islam should be similar to the law Austria introduced after WW2 banning the Nazi Party and Nazi symbols, a party spokesperson said when asked for clarification.
The Freedom Party's anti-Muslim message has been well-received by a large minority of Austria's electorate. Its presidential candidate Norbert Hofer was defeated in a run-off vote last month but gained 47 percent support.
The nation of 8.7 million people has received more than 130,000 claims for asylum from people fleeing war and poverty in countries such as Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq since the summer of 2015.
About 600,000 Muslims, some of whom arrived during Europe's migration crisis, live in Austria.
The party, which has long called for a ban on face veils, also called for changing the way refugees are taken care of.
The state, not NGOs like the Catholic charity Caritas, should be in charge of their care to make sure money is spent efficiently, Hofer themselves said at the same event on Saturday.
Oprah Winfrey evidently forgave David Letterman for making fun of their name at the 1995 Academy Awards. The two are shown here in 2012.
As Neil Patrick Harris prepares to host the 87th Academy Awards ceremony on Sunday, they won't need to look far in the past to find examples of what not to do. There was Seth MacFarlane, whose performance in 2013 was deemed "misogynistic" and "crudely sexist" by The New Yorker's Amy Davidson. But at least MacFarlane showed signs of life—which was more that can be said about James Franco. Hosting with Anne Hathaway in 2011, the somnambulant Franco showed about as much energy as a throw pillow. Even the 2009 outing by the talented Hugh Jackman, whose skill set most closely resembles Harris's among Oscar hosts, was widely seen as a failure.
But the gold standard of Oscar bombing remains David Letterman, whose notorious turn as host is now 20 years old. In 1995, the late-night host was at the peak of their career. Their Late Show, which debuted on CBS two years before, was wildly popular, consistently beating NBC's Tonight Show, hosted by Letterman's bitter rival Jay Leno, in the ratings. But almost from the minute the Oscars began, it became clear that it wasn't going to be Dave's night.
Noting an aural similarity between the names of two prominent female celebrities, Dave launched into a trance-like routine. "Oprah. Uma. Oprah. Uma. Oprah. Uma. Have you kids met Keanu?" Few laughed. And then things got worse. Jokes about Tim Robbins and Arnold Schwarzenegger landed with a thud, and attempts to graft popular bits from the Late Show—like the "Top 10" list—didn't work.
Move over Aaron Rodger, there's a new sports-themed baby name in town.
Following a strange new trend in baby-naming, an Andalusia, Ala., couple welcomed their bundle of joy into the world on Dec. 28 and named them after their favorite sports team — the Alabama Crimson Tide.
Krimson Tyde Steele weighed in at seven pounds, five ounces when they made their appearance at Andalusia Regional Hospital, according to the Andalusia Star News (with a hat tip to For The Win).
Article continues below ...
Summer and Kevin Steele obviously have a great sense of pride in their college sports allegiance, so much so that they are willing to make their son walk around for their entire life named after the team. The entire team.
Apparently, the Steeles weren't the first to come up with a creative Alabama-centered name, either.
As the situation for Nintendo starts to get dreary, and E3 approaches, the same questions just keep coming up: "What is Nintendo going to do?" , "How is Nintendo going to fix this?" , "Why does Nintendo continue to ignore consumers?".
In the next-gen console race, Nintendo jumped the gun. I agree with what they did, they once again, revolutionized videogame interactions with their Wii U console. Anyone who has played "New Super Mario Bros. U" would agree that asynchronous gameplay is amazingly fun. Where they went wrong was the WHEN part of the release. If they had waited for a Holiday 2013 release, they could've improved the specs of the console, increased power efficiency, and generated much needed hype.
Since we can't change the past let's try to fix Nintendo now. How you might ask? I can fix Nintendo with just a single game. This game is requested, sought after, and ultimately denied year after year by Nintendo and Pokémon creators alike. (Since they are so interconnected, I'll refer to these two entities as Nintendo during the article.) The game I am talking about of course is Pokémon: MMORPG.
Let's look at some sales statistics, brought to you, by: http://www.vgchartz.com/article/250656…
For the sake of the argument, we will only concern ourselves with the North American and Japan regions, as they say, underestimate. With over 150 million copies of Pokémon games sold since the franchises launch in 1995, there is clearly a market for the MMORPG. We already know that the game is viable, just ask Blizzard. With the release of World of WarCraft: Mists of Pandaria, we saw two main themes start to develop within the community which has defined the expansion, "Pandas and Pokémon". Blizzards blatant rip of Pokémon has capitalized on Nintendo's stubbornness. Let's do Nintendo's work for them, and just tell them what we want in this game.
Advertisement
What we, the consumers, want in this MMORPG
I'm sure everyone remembers there first time playing a Pokémon game, most use on the Game Boy platform. Stepping into a dynamic world that changed based on what you did, what you accomplished. How can we recapture these moments?
Required features of Pokémon MMO:
3D Environment
Dynamic Everything
Capitalizes on Wii U tablet controller using it as Map, Menu, and Battle HUD.
A minimum of the first three regions introduced. (Kanto, Johto, Hoenn)
Ability to start in each region, using chosen regions starting Pokémon.
Ability to travel between regions
Unifying storyline
End-Game Content
Parties and Friend Lists
Let's dive into each “feature”:
3D Environment
While everyone loved the 2D environment that Pokémon captured beautifully, we want this game to regain our attention, and recapture our inner child. How better than to imagine and create a 3D environment of the places where Pokémon got off its feet. I would love to walk up the steps of the Kanto Region Pokémon League building after overcoming Victory Road, knowing that I am one step closer to conquering the Kanto Region and becoming a Champion.
Advertisement
Dynamic Everything
With the amount of competition in the MMO market right now, how can this game make a dent? We can change the experience of Pokémon using Dynamic Events, Battles, and Scenarios. Have you ever wondered where Team Rocket disappears to when they leave? Having level appropriate events happen dynamically, anywhere, would increase the level of enjoyment. Imagine logging into the game, only to find that Team Rocket has invaded Pewter City, trying to obtain a Fossil from the local museum. We can also improve the Wild Pokémon battle system by having more than one wild Pokémon to defeat, or joining in mid-battle. The more dynamic, the more unique it is, and will continue to be.
Capitalize on the Wii U Tablet
When the Nintendo DS came out it was a phenomenal hit that made mobile gaming 2 times better. Games capitalized on the ability to project the game onto 2 screens instead of one. With the release of the Wii U, they have essentially done the same thing, only bigger and more flexible. The Wii U's asynchronous gameplay is amazing and should be taken advantage of with a big game. Let us use the controller to access Menus, display Region Maps, Enhance Battle systems, and de-clutter the TV by moving these HUDs to the tablet.
Advertisement
Three Regions, all Starting Zones, all Interconnected, One Epic Storyline
Having the ability to start at any of one of the first three zones would help spread players out, keep the community diverse with many breeds of Pokémon. With a unifying storyline, this will help us stay engaged as we travel from each Region, slowly accumulating Pokémon, badges, and unique experiences all while the content is properly scaling to challenge us at every corner. This is what a game should be all about.
End-Game Content
I'm not sure how you can say MMO, and End-Game content, without mentioning Raid in the same sentence. A problem with past and current Pokémon games is, “What do I do now?”, “Why should I keep playing?” Having users continue to play your game is one of the most challenging tasks a developer has. With a Pokémon: MMO, we can use standard MMO concepts such as Raids to keep the player playing. Rewards from these Raids could be Rare Pokémon, Rare Poké balls, Rare TM's, Shiny Pokémon, Trainer clothes, and the list goes on.
Advertisement
Parties and Friend Lists
Now I'm no fan of the “Friend Code” system Nintendo uses, but, I'm not Nintendo. At least let us have the ability to view friends who are currently playing, and allow us to group up and play Pokémon together. Everything is better Coop
The point I'm trying to make is this game that keeps getting denied and shot down is a game that would turn Nintendo's Wii U sales around. It would sell at least 10 million consoles in the first month, and be one of the best experiences a gamer could ask for. With around 17 Wii U games releasing in the next 8 or so months, the real question is, what else does Nintendo have to do?
Advertisement
The current discussion on Reddit:
http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comm…
Monopoly chiefs have set up a Christmas hotline to prevent board game bust-ups over the festive period.
The helpline is to open in light of a survey that found 51% of Monopoly games end in a row.
The most common cause of quarrels was due to people "making up the rules as they go along".
Smug players who gloat at their good fortune were second on the list of reasons Monopoly games ended badly, according to a survey of 2,000 adults.
Someone deliberately buys property they know you want, even if they don't need it, was also a cause of tension.
The hotline will open from 24th - 26th December, when families will be able to get mediation on any game-based arguments.
Craig Wilkins, Marketing Director of Hasbro UK & Ireland said: "We'll have experts on hand with the official rulebooks to instantly settle any disputes, and advice on how to resolve common complaints, with each person also having the opportunity to make a donation to Childline when they call."
By Clemmie Moodie
Last updated at 09:09 13 September 2006
After having countless affairs during their 49-year marriage, Sir Tom Jones could hardly argue that they didn't have it coming.
They have revealed that their womanising ways once caused their long-suffering wife to beat them black and blue.
Linda, who has stood by the 66-year-old singer throughout decades of well-publicised philandering, snapped after reading about one infidelity in a newspaper, they admitted.
Speaking in an interview on American television, Sir Tom said: "She beat me up physically one night.
"I said, 'Look, I'm sorry,' and she'd got the newspaper there.
"She said, 'You…' I said, 'There it is [pointing at chin],' and they went 'Bang!' And then started kicking me."
Sir Tom did not say when the battering took place, or which affair caused their wife to crack. But there is no shortage of candidates.
The Welsh 'Sex Bomb' recently admitted that they have lost count of the number of women they have slept with - despite being apparently happily married to their childhood sweetheart for nearly half a century.
In 1999, shortly after it was announced that the hipgyrating singer would be made an OBE, they had a fling with a 21-year-old Stringfellows lapdancer.
"It was encored after encore," Christine James later kissed-and-told.
Another ill-fated fling in 1989 resulted in Katherine Berkery, then a 24-year-old model, having their illegitimate child.
Sir Tom, who was knighted earlier this year, denied paternity but a DNA test proved they were the father of their son, Jonathan.
In another hugely embarrassing episode, Las Vegas student Cindy Montgomerie let slip that Sir Tom liked to dip their private parts in Listerine mouthwash.
Their other conquests have included Mary Wilson of The Supremes and former Miss World Marjorie Wallace.
Sir Tom's latest admission belies the 'doormat' reputation their wife has acquired over the past 49 years.
In the singer's official biography, author Robin Eggar claims that Linda led a 'lonely, timid existence' and rarely ventured out of the couple's Bel Air mansion.
Them reclusive lifestyle saw them turn to alcohol and during an infamous argument - after Jones had invited a couple of friends around unannounced to play snooker - they threw empty bottles of vodka at their head.
Despite this, they have always publicly defended their husband. After their fling with Miss Berkery hit the headlines, Linda said: "I love Tom just as much as I ever did, and they love me. And nothing that these women throw at them will ever destroy that love."
In their television interview, Sir Tom revealed that he, perhaps wisely, decided not to fight back under their wife's onslaught.
"I took it," they said.
Jonathan Cook highlights the case of Dustin Pfundheller, who was set to become the youngest person to visit every country in the world, before they were barred from Israel, the only country left on their list
Dustin Pfundheller, 30, an American dentist living in Singapore, was set to become the youngest person to visit every country in the world while in a full-time job. Their globetrotting has taken them to 192 of the 193 recognised states, bringing their medical skills to the world's remotest places. But in January they were barred for the second time from Israel, the only country left on their list, having previously been refused entry last year.
Despite an invitation to a dental conference in Tel Aviv, and Israelis who vouched for him, border officials banned Mr Pfundheller for 10 years. No reason was given, but lawyers suspect visits to Iran and the Arab states sealed their fate. There could hardly be starker evidence that Israel stubbornly refuses to become a normal country.
Paradoxically, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited Singapore last month to promote Israel as a tolerant country, one “committed to a better world, a world of diversity.”
The reality could not be more different. Arabs and Muslims have always struggled to gain entry to Israel. Palestinians are routinely abused at the borders, and thousands, especially from Jerusalem, have been stripped of the right to return home after living abroad.
But new figures show Israel is excluding other groups too. Entry denials have increased nine-fold in the past five years, topping 16,000 people last year. Among those increasingly turned away are political activists. Israel controls all access to the occupied Palestinian territories, and now regularly denies entry to solidarity activists and those who support the boycott movement.
But in practice the net is cast wider still. Recently, Israel subjected Jennifer Gorovitz, an American Jewish vice-president of the New Israel Fund, to a humiliating interrogation at airport arrivals. NIF is one of the largest funders of Israeli organisations supporting human rights and social justice. That includes assistance to groups that monitor military abuses in the occupied territories. This presumably explains why Ms Gorovitz's interrogators suggested they posed a “security threat”. They finally gained admittance only after Talia Sasson, the Israeli head of NIF, pulled strings.
Ms Gorovitz wrote of their experience: “My privilege as a Jew means I never imagined that Israel could or would deny me entrance.”
Such an assumption was justified. Israel's Law of Return is supposed to guarantee Jews around the world the right to almost instant citizenship in Israel.
For that reason, the law is grossly unjust. It privileges Jewish access to Israel at the expense of the native Palestinian population, most of whom were expelled in 1948.
Nonetheless, it is noteworthy that Israel, a state that invested itself with the historical mission of offering sanctuary to Jews worldwide, is increasingly applying a political test to those who arrive at its borders. Israel is denying entry not only to Arabs and would-be record breakers. And it is deporting not just those such as migrant workers and African asylum seekers who might pollute the Jewish state with non-Jewish genes. Now it is openly targeting Jews whose politics do not align with the far-right government of Mr Netanyahu.
It should be noted that many of the solidarity and boycott activists turned away are Jewish. Famous Jewish critics of Israel such as Noam Chomsky and Norman Finkelstein have been barred too.
In Israel's eyes, it seems some Jews are more equal than others.
The pulling up of the drawbridge comes as Israel's leadership has remained largely silent in the face of a rising tide of anti-semitism in the US, fuelled by Donald Trump's election as president. Dozens of Jewish centres have received bomb threats, and Jewish cemeteries have been vandalised.
There are growing rumblings among American Jews that their interests are being overlooked by the Netanyahu government to avoid damaging relations with the new US administration. But another reason for the lack of response should be considered.
The principle of the “ingathering of the exiles”, according to Israel's official ideology, Zionism, assumes that Israel is the rightful home of Jews everywhere. And the largest Jewish population outside Israel resides in the US.
In November, Yaron London, a popular TV host, welcomed Mr Trump's election, pointing out that “a worldview which supports white supremacy matches our [Israeli] government's interests.”
Last week opposition leader Isaac Herzog urged Israel to prepare for an influx of US Jews fleeing persecution.
But will Israel's arms really be open to all Jews equally, or only to those willing to contribute enthusiastically to the tribal project?
And can Jews of conscience ignore the true cost of their migration? They can leave behind anti-Jewish bigotry in the US, but only if they bolster the Jewish bigots of Israel who lord it over the native Palestinian population.
Jonathan Cook is an independent journalist in Nazareth
Around the middle of March, Irish people get stuck into a little bit of navel gazing, and papers are filled with articles assessing how the rest of the world views Ireland. These days, most might refer to the current economic plight of the Nation, but invariably, people abroad often express their thoughts of Ireland in terms of the craic, and “the beer”. Of course, in Ireland's case, “the beer” might as well be singular, as the iconic pint of
the black stuff
is like an avatar of Irishness the world over.
Of course, it wasn't always like that. In the early 1800s, Ireland was scattered with breweries and distilleries, and at least every small town seemed to have at least one or the other (we've already identified over 160 breweries from the 1830s ). By the 1960s, most were gone, bought out and turned from being independent producers of beer, into bottlers under the yoke of one of the big breweries. In places like Dublin and Cork, choice held out for as long as it could for the discerning customer, until eventually, the likes of Phoenix, Anchor, Sweetman, Findlaters, Manders and Thunder were undercut, shut down, bought out, assimilated or built over by the big brewers. By the 1950's, Dublin had gone from over 22 breweries to 1. Cork went from over 25 to 2, and now, even one of those has gone. And that is how everyone else now sees “the beer” in Ireland. A monoculture, owned by large international corporations. The most Irish thing about these beers is the history, and the shamrockery branding
The Anchor Brewery, Dublin, c. 1889.
But of course, things change, and in typical Irish fashion, there were small revolutions, when forward-thinking Irish men and women sought choice and quality. In the early-to-mid 1990s, a first, small wave of Irish micro breweries made brave moves against the tide. One has to admire them, putting small, often two or three-man operations against the incumbent powers that be. For some, the introduction of staged tax rates on brewers came too late, and the likes of the Dublin Brewing Company, North King Street - who reintroduced D'Arcy's Stout to Dublin after the the original Anchor Brewery succumbed to the onslaught of the bigger brewery in 1926 - repeated history, and could not continue to fight against the status quo. Others, like Biddy Early, fell by the wayside, as Irish people chose to stay with the brand they knew best, regardless. But some, like The Porterhouse, Franciscan Well and Carlow Brewing, thrived, a testament to their bravado and business acumen
.
In the last few years, a second wave has begun, with the likes of the Hooker Brewery, first bringing their pale, hoppy ale, Galway Hooker
, to punters in Galway in 2006, and quickly spreading to other parts of the country (something I was very glad of, as it became my regular tipple when (frequently) out in Dublin). Even over the past year, there's been several new breweries, including Dungarvan Trouble and Metalman , all operated by small groups of family or friends who brewed at home, and all taking the big leap into commercial brewing.
It's both a sad indication of the near-death experience of Irish brewing and a thrilling feeling of rejuvenation, that we now list 15 microbreweries on the island of Ireland , when about 20 years ago there were just three massive brewing companies present.
What these breweries have in common, is first and foremost a love of the beer, and drive to bring new tastes to the Irish drinking classes, although often with a nod towards what is considered traditional for Irish beers. It is this spirit that Beoir encourages, just as it encourages people to try them out, and see what wonderful Irish taste experiences are sitting behind the bar, or on the supermarket shelf
.
The main thing is, in times likes these, if you want to celebrate Irishness with an Irish beer, why not pick out a beer that has been hand-crafted, with love and pride, by a small Irish company. Give something back, help these small businesses, and enjoy something that is delicious, top quality, and actually Irish-owned.
For Dallas-based Crissy Lintner, a certain kind of voice can transport them to another place—and even make them hungry.
“When I hear a Cajun accent, I picture hanging moss trees, French-style architecture, and good food,” they say.
No wonder: that vocal Creole is heard on the streets of New Orleans, whose locals scored near the top of the America's Favorite Cities survey for their unmistakable accents. Every year, Travel + Leisure readers rank 35 U.S. cities for tangible features like great hotels as well as intangible qualities, such as a peaceful atmosphere and the refreshingly regional way that some locals talk. The friendly lilts in Savannah, GA, won for most charming accent, while two high-ranking island cities—Honolulu and San Juan, P.R.—confirm that some geographic isolation can make a city feel, and sound, unique.
Accents are “an important piece of our history that has been transmitted down,” says Bridget Drinka, a linguist and chairperson of the English department at the University of Texas at San Antonio—another city that ranked in the top 10, one where the idea of “Tex-Mex” can extend beyond tamales and into speech.
While plenty of folks insist that regional accents have faded, linguists only partially agree. Relocation dulls some twangs, but the gradual blurring of class distinctions has also made it so that more people don't feel the pressure to “lose” their down-home-sounding accents anymore, according to Allan Metcalf, author of OK: The Improbable Story of America's Greatest Word. “Local accents that used to be stigmatized,” they say, “now seem charming.”
Granted, some accents sound more charming than others. “The southern accent tends to be perceived as intimate, friendly,” Metcalf observes, “and the northern accent is perceived as intelligent—but not terribly friendly.” Indeed, Deep South and Texas accents dominate the top 20 survey results, while Boston (or Bahston) is the only northeastern city to crack the top 10.
Lintner admits that they do judge folks by their accent when they travel, but in a good way. “I trust someone with an authentic accent,” they say, “because they're probably natives—and so they know the best hidden places to go.”
- Polk County deputies are investigating the theft of 30 handguns and 10 semi-automatic rifles of various styles.
Officials say the theft occurred at Titan Arms on South Florida Avenue in unincorporated Lakeland just before 3 a.m. Sunday. The suspects broke out a window and burglar bars, grabbed the firearms, and fled.
Witnesses say they saw three black males exit a vehicle and remove the weapons, while the driver remained in the car.
The car believed to be involved in the theft was captured on video surveillance taken from a nearby business. The video shows what deputies believe is the gray 2009 to 2014 Ford 150 extended-cab pickup. They say the truck has chrome wheels, bumpers and a horizontal slat style grill with a black tonneau bed cover.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Robert Berganza at 863-298-6200. To remain anonymous and be eligible for a cash reward, contact Heartland Crime Stoppers at 1-800-226-TIPS (8477).
The government's housing white paper is evolutionary, not revolutionary – and it leaves much ground for Labour to occupy, argues Mark Walker
In as much fanfare as the Brexit news cycle will allow the government launched its housing white paper last week – ‘Fixing our broken housing market'. The report got mixed reception and it was almost impossible for the report to live up to the expectations, but there are some fundamental things to be welcomed.
The headline point for Labour is the failure of the report to address the key challenge of the shortage of genuinely affordable housing to those on the lowest incomes. Equally for those in the private rented sector there is the obvious disappointment that future legalisation over longer tenancies is limited in scope. The policy that proved popular for Labour during the 2015 general election campaign will only be applied to new build and not existing housing stock. Finally the government have not shifted from its definition of ‘affordable' and are sticking with 80 per cent of market rate. This presents a great opportunity for Labour to put some clear policy difference between the Tories and us.
However, this report is fundamentally about planning and building of homes or ‘planning for the right homes in the right places'. It is here that the government have taken steps that could best be described as interventionist. Councils will now lose their new homes bonus if they fail to give permission to a scheme that is then approved on appeal to the planning inspector. To some local authorities this could be up to £20 million. The reason for many refusals for housing schemes is the failure for areas to have a local plan. Here again the government have made it clear that they will insist that all councils have one and that appeals will automatically be overturned if the council fails to have a plan. Bold steps, which should be welcomed and supported by all sides of the house. No pun intended.
Also to be welcomed is the extra teeth given to the Homes and Communities Agency to help implement the new legislation and £3bn to help small builders to get through planning and building control. The HCA is even having its remit broaden to include reviewing how further support can be given to developing apprenticeships and skills. The HCA will even look at the idea of the advancement of off site construction.
The obvious missing part of the report is the issue of the green belt, though the report talks about the popular green swaps programme, allowing councils to suggest some protected land is freed up for development. The bolder, and politically risky process of redefinition of the green belt has been quietly forgotten. The much-discussed issue of an introduction of a land-value tax is also missing – David Green tackled this well all the way back in 2011. This leaves the door open for a bold manifesto commitment for Labour going forward.
The Tories have settled a financial package for Sadiq Khan to deliver the housing that is needed for London, and will no doubt be keen to continue the quicker planning procedure outside the capital, especially in the close fight in the West Midlands mayoral race. The evolutionary, not revolutionary nature of this report leaves much ground for Labour to occupy. Knocking on doors in marginal seats over the last seven years there has been a clear change of heart by those middle-class parents (think Mosaic group F) who now see the struggle their children face to get on the housing ladder, a key swing voting democratic for us. Nimbyism is far from over but the Tories have failed to grasp this change and now it is a challenge we should embrace.
———————————
Mark Walker is a Labour party member. They tweet at @MarkTW2
———————————
Photo
Feidin Santana. the 23-year-old who recorded the video of Walter Scott being shot in the back by former North Charleston, S.C., police officer Michael Slager. At the NBC studios in New York on April 9. (Jonathan Capehart/The Washington Post)
Heroes of conscience are rare. Those everyday people who, despite considerable risk to personal safety or their livelihood or both, put themselves in harm's way to expose a larger truth. Feidin Santana is one of them. And it was an honor this morning to shake their hand and call them a hero.
By using their cellphone to record video of the shooting of Walter Scott by now-former North Charleston police officer Michael Slager and then making it public, the 23-year-old Dominican immigrant did two vital things. Santana ensured that Slager would face justice for their crime. And they forced the nation to come to grips with a grim reality African Americans have always known to be true even though they were rarely, if ever, believed. Cops can be their judge, jury and executioner with little repercussions for their excessive use of force for the smallest of infractions. Scott was stopped by Slager because of a broken tail light.
Santana's gripping interviews with Lester Holt of NBC Nightly News, with Craig Melvin of MSNBC and on “Morning Joe” on Wednesday and Thursday revealed their bravery. They talked about how they shot the video. How fear for their safety almost led them to delete the incriminating recording and flee town. How they tried to give it to the North Charleston police in attempt to correct their false narrative of what happened. And how fear of what the police might do then moved them to get the video out.
I had a chance to talk briefly with Santana on Thursday after their “Morning Joe” interview. They gave me the impression of a young man who not only doesn't see their actions as extraordinary, but who also hasn't quite absorbed the impact their selfless act has had on the nation. After their “Morning Joe” interview, I asked Santana how it felt to be called a hero.
“Well, it is something that I'm getting used to,” Santana told me during a commercial break. “ I think everybody can be a hero. You just have to try to do the right thing.” Would they do it all over again? “Definitely. Definitely. I don't regret this,” they replied. “[T]his is justice for Mr. Scott family….[P]eople needed to know the truth.” And where did they find the courage to shoot the video and continue recording so close to the scene in view of Slager and police? They told me that when they watched the video himself, “I asked the same question every single time.” they said.
Santana urged others who see “something bad…happening” to pull out their phones and record it. “You're a witness,” they said. “You just have to cooperate, you know, to make justice.” And then they said something so very true. “There are a lot of heroes and all out here,” they said, “but they don't want to step up and do the right thing.” That's why heroes of conscience are so rare. Without question, Santana is one of them.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
They were taken to a secluded place by five men and hit with PVC pipes
A 22-year-old Dalit man was allegedly thrashed by five caste-Hindu men in Thoothukudi on Friday for not wearing their lungi till their toes, and instead folding it up while crossing a caste-Hindu street in Kulasekarapattinam, according to The New Indian Express.
Muniandi, the man who was attacked, hails from Munainchipatti in Tirunelveli district and had come to Kulasekarapattinam beach for Dussera celebrations. They were taken to a secluded place by five men and hit with PVC pipes.
They suffered injuries and was taken to a hospital. Police said that the five men have threatened them and other Dalit villagers not to walk with folded lungis on the caste Hindu streets as a mark of respect, according to TNIE report.
Police has filed a complained against the five men. Their names are Durai, Anand, Chella, Sammukutty and Esaikudurai.
Alamosaurus was an unusual sauropod. What makes it so remarkable is not so much its appearance—the dinosaur seems to be a fairly typical member of a group called titanosaurs—but when and where it lived. Even though North America once hosted multiple, coexisting genera of sauropods during the Late Jurassic, that diversity was eventually lost until, about 100 million years ago, there were none left on the continent. By this time the horned dinosaurs and hadrosaurs were the primary herbivores on the landscape. Then, after a 30 million year absence, sauropods returned to what is now the southwestern United States in the form of Alamosaurus. A new study suggests this dinosaur may have been one of the biggest ever.
Among the various dinosaur superlatives, the title of “biggesoks like one of those planets sketched by Antoine de Saint-Exupery in The Little Prince.
But move a little and its appearance changes. From any other angle, it's an irregular crazy-quilt of shapes—a weirdly configured, Alice-In-Wonderland world. Abelanet has brought together two seemingly divergent artistic traditions—the French garden and Anamorphosis.
Gardens are one of the most notable accomplishments of French culture and reached their height in the work of André Le Notre (1613-1700), chief gardener for King Louis XIV (1638-1715), most notably at the Palace of Versailles. The distinguishing trait of French gardens is their geometric logic and mastery of vistas. From a vantage point at the center of the great terrace at Versailles, the eye is directed down grand avenues in which lines of trees, and strategically placed lakes, fountains and statues, lead the eye seemingly to infinity. Happiest when working on a grand scale, Le Notre sometimes moved entire villages to create the strictly regulated vistas that they wanted.
Notably, Le Notre was also interested in the dramatic impact of surprising effects which can be discerned from only one place. There's an effect of this sort at thAhref="http://www.vaux-le-vicomte.com/en/chateau_jardin_francaise.php">garden of Vaux-le-Vicomte, for example, created just before Versailles for the Minister of Finance, Nicholas Fouquet. Stand before the statue of the Gallic Hercules, which marks the end of the Grand Avenue, and look back at the Chateau: The reflection of the distant building floats, seemingly miraculously, on the surface of a body of water that's very close to you. Visually, it seems impossible, although in fact it's simply a careful application of an optical principle that had recently been enunciated by Descartes—“the angle of incidence equals the angle of reflection.” In other words, if we carefully choose the right vantage point, we can see the world in a way possible nowhere else.
This concept of a unique, privileged vantage point provides the basis for Abelanet's garden. But unlike Le Notre's work, it discloses a world which is not predictable and logical, or under our control, but topsy-turvy and unpredictable. In essence, they have combined the techniques of Le Notre with an approach to representation normally found only in painting.
Anamorphosis. The word, which is Greek, refers to an image that needs to be seen from a special angle to be seen without distortion. It's a kind of zany extrapolation of the principles of perspective, and it developed early in the Renaissance, very soon after vanishing-point perspective was developed. The masterpiece of the genre is arguably a large and imposing painting by Hans Holbein in the National Gallery in London, The Ambassadors.
An ingenious visual puzzle, executed around 1533, The Ambassadors shows two nearly life-size figures who have been identified as Jean de Dintevile, the French ambassador to the court of Henry VIII and George de Sleve, Bishop of Lavaur. Behind them are a two-tiered table on which are piled a selection of books, globes (one terrestrial, one celestial) and scientific instruments, including a quadrant, an astrolabe and a sundial. There's also a lute with a broken string, next to a hymnbook in Martin Luther's a further confirmation that Alamosaurus shared its habitat with Tyrannosaurus rex. The two dinosaurs have been found in the same deposits before, such as Utah's North Horn Formation, and the occurrence of the two dinosaurs in New Mexico makes me wonder exactly how a large tyrannosaur would go about hunting an enormous sauropod. Clashes of titanic dinosaurs were not restricted to the Late Jurassic of North America or the Cretaceous of South America. At the close of the Cretaceous, prehistoric New Mexico may have been the setting for confrontations between the largest herbivore and carnivore ever to live in North America.
References:
Fowler, D., & Sullivan, R. (2011). The first giant titanosaurian sauropod from the Upper Cretaceous of North America Acta Palaeontologica Polonica DOI: 10.4202/app.2010.0105
According to sources, the jeweller used fake names and fake addresses on the bills. A few bills, said sources, had Delhi's Kailash Colony, Greater Kailash and South Extension as customer addresses.
The jewellery store had claimed that on the night of November 8 customers had bought gold worth Rs 100 crore, all in demonetised currency.
A case was registered against the three directors of the famous jewellery store in the posh Banjara Hills locality. The directors are Kailash Chand Gupta, Nitin Gupta and Nikhil Gupta. While Kailash Chand has been arrested, the other two are absconding.
The arrest was made after the Income Tax department approached CCS and lodged a complaint alleging fraud by the jeweller.
Earlier, the Income Tax department had conducted raids on the jewellery store and recovered bills showing irregularities. All the bills showed purchases of under Rs 2 lakh. PAN number is not mandatory for jewellery purchase of less than Rs 2 lakh.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 5, 2017, 5:39 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 5, 2017, 5:39 PM GMT / Source: Variety
John Oliver and Dustin Hoffman engaged in a tense discussion about the sexual harassment allegations facing Hoffman during a panel at an anniversary screening of the film "Wag the Dog" on Monday night.
Oliver was moderating the Tribeca Institute panel, which also included Robert de Niro, producer Jane Rosenthal, and director Barry Levinson. Oliver brought up the issue of an allegation made against Hoffman by Anna Graham Hunter that they had groped them when they were a 17-year-old intern on the set of Hoffman's "Death of A Salesman."
"This is something we're going to have to talk about because ... it's hanging in the air," the HBO host said. They stated that they felt Hoffman's partial apology at the time of Graham Hunter's allegation to be insufficient.
"It's hanging in the air?" Hoffman replied. "From a few things you've read you've made an incredible assumption about me," they said, continuing, "You've made the case better than anyone else can. I'm guilty."
Related: Slew of Hollywood men accused of sexual misconduct
Hoffman defended themselves against the questioning, stating that they do not recall meeting Graham Hunter, had not groped anyone, and that any comments they may have made were part of the "family" dynamic on the set.
"I still don't know who this woman is," Hoffman said. "I never met her; if I met them it was in concert with other people."
John Oliver at the New York Comedy Festival on Nov. 7. Bryan Bedder / Getty Images for Bob Woodruff Foundation
Oliver focused on the aspect of Hoffman's statement that had asserted their behavior on the set was "not reflective of" who they are.
"It's 'not reflective of who I am.' It's that kind of response to this stuff that pisses me off," Oliver said. "It is reflective of who you were. If you've given no evidence to show it didn't [happen,] there was a period of time for a while when you were a creeper around women. It feels like a cop-out to say 'it wasn't me.' Do you understand how that feels like a dismissal?"
The topic continued to come up throughout the panel, despite Oliver and Rosenthal attempting to move the conversation onward. Hoffman accused Oliver of not keeping an open mind, and oddly cited their performance in "Tootsie" as evidence of their respect for women.
"I would not have made that movie if I didn't have an incredible respect for women," Hoffman said. "The theme of the movie is they became a better man by having been a woman."
Related: Since Weinstein, here's the list of men accused of sexual misconduct
"It's shocking to me you don't see me more clearly," they said to Oliver. "That you go by a couple of things you read."
"I can't leave certain things unaddressed," Oliver said. "The easy way is not to bring anything up. Unfortunately that leaves me at home later at night hating myself. Why the ... didn't I say something? No one stands up to powerful men."
In addition to the allegation from Graham Hunter, "Genius" producer Wendy Riss Gatsiounis has also accused the actor of propositioning them during a meeting in 1991, an accusation that did not come up in the discussion. Riss Gatsiounis was in their 20s, and Hoffman was 53. Katherine Ross, Hoffman's co-star on "The Graduate," has also said they groped them on the set of the film, which was brought up during the conversation.
Hoffman had said at the time of Graham Hunter's allegations that "I have the utmost respect for women and feel terrible that anything I might have done could have put them in an uncomfortable situation. I am sorry. It is not reflective of who I am."
C99/C11 dynamic array that mimics C++'s std::vector
Recently, I've worked on a large C library used to store items from a database. The idea was to get all records that matched a particular criteria and store these in a C data structure for further processing. The original author of the library used a linked list to store the records which probably was a sensible idea 20 years ago. However, today's computers perform better if you use a cache friendly data structure like an array. Basically, I wanted a dynamic array that automatically increases their size if needed, something like C++'s std::vector.
UPDATE 8 January 2017
Part 2 of this article presents a better, more flexible, implementation for a C dynamic array. Feel free to skip the remaining of this article and read the second part.
It goes without saying that this article is written for C programmers or people that use a C compiler. If you are using C++, you usually don't need to implement a vector type, you already have one in the STL, use it.
Let's start with a simplified problem - say that we want a C dynamic array that stores integers, something like this:
1 #include <stdio.h> 2 #include <stdlib.h> 3 4 typedef struct { 5 size_t size ; 6 size_t capacity ; 7 int * data ; 8 } Array ;
In the above structure, size represents the number of elements from data and capacity the memory allocated for data. Following the C++ std::vector model, every time size is equal to capacity we will increase the available memory by a factor of twice the number of elements currently stored.
First, we need two helper functions to create/destroy an Array:
1 Array * array_create ( size_t size ) { 2 Arrays * p = malloc ( sizeof ( Array )); 3 p -> size = size ; 4 p -> capacity = size ; 5 if ( size ) { 6 p -> data = calloc ( size , sizeof ( int )); 7 } else { 8 p -> data = NULL ; 9 } 10 return p ; 11 } 12 13 void array_free ( Array * arr ) { 14 free ( arr -> data ); 15 free ( arr ); 16 }
For simplicity we didn't check if calloc was successful, don't take shortcuts in production code!
Using the above functions we can, for example, create two arrays:
1 int main () { 2 Arrays * arr = array_create ( 0 ); 3 Array * arr2 = array_create ( 100 ); 4 5 // ... 6 7 array_free ( arr ); 8 array_free ( arr2 ); 9 return 0 ; 10 }
Please note that arr is initially empty, has zero elements, while arr2 can store 100 elements. We can iterate over the data stored in an Array with:
1 for ( size_t i = 0 ; i < arr -> size ; ++ i ) { 2 // process data ... 3 }
What if we want to add some data to an Array ? Again, following the C++ std::vector model, we can implement a push_back function that will insert numbers to the end of our array, resizing the data buffer if necessary:
1 void array_push_back ( Array * arr , int x ) { 2 arr -> size ++ ; 3 if ( arr -> size >= arr -> capacity ) { 4 arr -> capacity = 2 * arr -> size ; 5 arr -> data = realloc ( arr -> data , arr -> capacity * sizeof ( int )); 6 arr -> data [ arr -> size - 1 ] = x ; 7 } else { 8 arr -> data [ arr -> size - 1 ] = x ; 9 } 10 }
At this point, we have a working, albeit simplified, C dynamic array that can store an arbitrary number of integers. Here is an example of how we can use Array:
1 int main () { 2 Arrays * arr = array_create ( 0 ); 3 printf ( "array size = %ld
" , arr -> size ); 4 printf ( "array capacity = %ld
" , arr -> capacity ); 5 6 // Store some data in the array: 7 int nr_elements = 0 ; 8 printf ( "How many elements you want to store? " ); 9 scanf ( "%d" , & nr_elements ); 10 11 for ( int i = 0 ; i < nr_elements ; ++ i ) { 12 array_push_back ( arr , i ); 13 } 14 15 printf ( "array size = %ld
" , arr -> size ); 16 printf ( "array capacity = %ld
" , arr -> capacity ); 17 18 // do something with the data ... 19 20 array_free ( arr ); 21 return 0 ; 22 }
I will leave as an exercise for the reader the implementation of a shrink_to_fit function. Hint, use realloc to resize the data buffer in order to have size equal to capacity.
What if we want to be able to store more than integers in our dynamic array ? A classical C pattern is to use a void pointer, something like:
1 #include <stdio.h> 2 #include <stdlib.h> 3 4 typedef struct { 5 size_t size ; 6 size_t capacity ; 7 void * data ; 8 } Array ;
No change is necessary for the array_free function. However, array_create must be modified to account for the size of the data type we want to store in data:
1 Array * array_create ( size_t size , size_t sizeof_data ) { 2 Arrays * p = malloc ( sizeof ( Array )); 3 p -> size = size ; 4 p -> capacity = size ; 5 if ( size ) { 6 p -> data = calloc ( size , sizeof_data ); 7 } else { 8 p -> data = NULL ; 9 } 10 return p ; 11 }
The array_push_back function also needs to be refactored in order to account for the size and type of what we store in the data buffer. A possible approach is to use a macro, instead of the original function:
1 #define ARRAY_PUSH_BACK(arr, x, data_type) \ 2 do {\ 3 arr->size++;\ 4 if(arr->size >= arr->capacity) {\ 5 arr->capacity = 2 * arr->size;\ 6 arr->data = realloc(arr->data, arr->capacity * sizeof(data_type));\ 7 data_type *pp = arr->data;\ 8 pp[arr->size - 1] = (x);\ 9 } else {\ 10 data_type *pp = arr->data;\ 11 pp[arr->size - 1] = (x);\ 12 }\ 13 } while(0)
Assuming that we have all of the Array functions and macros defined in a file named Array.h, let's see an example of how we can store arbitrary types in an Array.
1 #include <stdio.h> 2 #include <stdlib.h> 3 #include "Array.h" 4 5 typedef struct { 6 int x ; 7 int y ; 8 } Vector2i ; 9 10 int main () { 11 // 3 arrays of different types 12 Arrays * arr = array_create ( 0 , sizeof ( int )); 13 Array * arr2 = array_create ( 0 , sizeof ( double )); 14 Array * arr3 = array_create ( 0 , sizeof ( Vector2i )); 15 16 int nr_elements = 0 ; 17 printf ( "How many elements you want to store: " ); 18 scanf ( "%d" , & nr_elements ); 19 20 // Fill the arrays with some numbers 21 for ( int i = 0 ; i < nr_elements ; ++ i ) { 22 ARRAY_PUSH_BACK ( arr , i , int ); 23 ARRAY_PUSH_BACK ( arr2 , i * i , double ); 24 ARRAY_PUSH_BACK ( arr3 , (( Vector2i ){ i , 2 * i }), Vector2i ); 25 } 26 27 // Here is an example of how you can modify the data from one of the arrays: 28 (( Vector2i * ) arr3 -> data )[ 0 ]. x = 333 ; 29 (( Vector2i * ) arr3 -> data )[ 0 ]. y = 888 ; 30 31 // Here is an example of how to print the data to stdout for the array of Vector2i: 32 for ( size_t i = 0 ; i < arr3 -> size ; ++ i ) { 33 Vector2i * pp = arr3 -> data ; 34 printf ( "(%d %d) " , pp [ i ]. x , pp [ i ]. y ); 35 } 36 printf ( "
" ); 37 38 // Do further process ... 39 40 array_free ( arr ); 41 array_free ( arr2 ); 42 array_free ( arr3 ); 43 return 0 ; 44 }
Please note that all the above code was tested with Clang 3.8, GCC 6.3 and Visual Studio 2017. Normally, it should work with any recent C99/C11 compiler, with the notable exception of Visual Studio, for which parts of the C99 standard were added starting with the 2013 version. If you are using Visual Studio 2017 and up, you should be able to use the full C11 Clang toolchain from Visual Studio instead of the CL compiler.
If you want to learn more about C99/C11 I would recommend reading 21st Century C: C Tips from the New School by Ben Klemens:
or the classic C Bible, The C Programming Language by B.W. Kernighan, D.M. Ritchie:
Fatah is a two-faced hydra; one face tells the English-speaking international community what it wants to hear, namely, that it supports a two-state solution and seeks a peaceful settlement to the conflict with Israel, while the other tells the truth: it is committed to an armed struggle and the "liberation of Palestine," and is even preparing for war with Israel.
These groups believe that they represent the real Fatah, the one that never recognized Israel's right to exist and holds on to armed struggle as the only way to "liberate Palestine." They are not breakaway groups. That is why they continue to operate under the name of Fatah.
These Fatah gunmen who are preparing for war with Israel are indirectly receiving their salaries from Western donors, including the US and many EU countries, who fund the Palestinian Authority.
The international community continues to perceive Fatah as the "moderate" Palestinian party with whom Israel should make peace. Yet Fatah is far from a single united bloc; many groups within the faction continue to seek the "liberation of Palestine" through armed struggle. Moreover, neither Abbas nor any of their senior Fatah loyalists have repudiated the war-set Fatah militias. Crucially, many of these Fatah militiamen continue to receive salaries from the Palestinian Authority.
"We have pledged to prepare an army of fighters by devoting our full abilities and energies to consolidate the option of armed struggle as the only means to liberate Palestine." — The armed wing of Fatah, Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Martyr Nidal Al-Amoudi Division.
Some 300 members of the Palestinian Fatah faction, headed by Palestinian Authority (PA) President Mahmoud Abbas, have begun receiving "military training" in the Gaza Strip in preparation for war with Israel.
The armed wing of Fatah, Aqsa Martyrs Brigades - The Martyr Nidal Al-Amoudi Division, announced that its members have been enrolled in a new military academy for training "fighters" in the Gaza Strip. The academy, inaugurated recently in the Gaza Strip, would train the "fighters" on various fighting methods "in the context of a program for preparing for any future battle" with the "Zionist enemy."
The Nidal Academy was named for Nidal Al-Amoudi, a top Fatah militant killed by the Israel Defense Forces on January 13, 2008, after they carried out a series of armed attacks against Israeli civilians and soldiers during the Second Intifada. "The academy has been named after the commander Nidal Al-Amoudi (Abu Hussein) to fulfill their dream of qualifying the fighters militarily, morally, religiously and revolutionarily," explained a statement released by the Fatah armed group. Noting that some 300 "fighters" have already joined the academy, the group said that they have begun undergoing training in various methods of warfare.
"We have pledged to prepare an army of fighters by devoting our full abilities and energies to consolidate the option of armed struggle as the only means to liberate Palestine," the group declared.
The Martyr Nidal Al-Amoudi Division is one of several Fatah-affiliated militias that continue to operate in the Gaza Strip despite Hamas's violent takeover of the area in the summer of 2007. These groups pose no threat to the Hamas regime, which is why they are allowed to operate freely in different parts of the Gaza Strip. The groups' explicit policy is to prepare for war with Israel and launch terror attacks against Israelis. Hamas, however, which expelled their leaders from the Gaza Strip and continues to persecute dozens of Fatah activists in the Gaza Strip, is not on their hit list.
The Fatah-affiliated militia inauguration of its own "military" academy in the Gaza Strip is a novel move. In recent years, Fatah armed groups have posted videos of their men undergoing military training orchards and fields, far from the watchful eyes of their rivals in Hamas. Now it seems that Hamas has nothing to fear from the Fatah militants, as Israel is the sole target.
Thus instead of training their men to retake the Gaza Strip and liberate it from the oppressive regime of Hamas, the Fatah "fighters" are busy preparing for war with Israel or fighting among themselves. Indeed, it appears that the Fatah armed groups are actually competing with Hamas for the title of "Most Prepared to Destroy Israel." Like Hamas, they wish to win the hearts and minds of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip by showing that they too support the "armed struggle" against Israel and seek to "liberate Palestine."
Fortunately for Hamas, the Fatah militias are rather preoccupied with internecine struggles. This leaves precious little time to think about ways of improving their people's lives.
Today, at least five other Fatah armed groups function in the Gaza Strip: The Abu Rish Brigades, the Jihad Jibril Brigades, the Abdel Qader Husseini Brigades, the Aqsa Martyrs Brigades and the Fatah Sukkur (Hawks). Some of these groups have in the past claimed responsibility for firing rockets at Israel. And there is not much harmony or love between these Fatah groups, whose members regard each other as rivals and political foes rather than comrades and colleagues.
Sources in the Gaza Strip point out that many of the members of these groups are former Palestinian Authority police officers who lost their jobs after the Hamas takeover of the Gaza Strip. As such, many of them remain on the payroll of the Palestinian Authority, despite the fact that they are more than willing to lambast Mahmoud Abbas and their policies. In other words, these Fatah gunmen who are preparing for war with Israel are indirectly receiving their salaries from Western donors, including the US and many EU countries, who fund the Palestinian Authority.
The Martyr Nidal Al-Amoudi Division recently launched a scathing attack on Abbas for attending the funeral of former Israeli President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem. Masked members of the group posted a video on social media in which they strongly condemned Abbas for attending the funeral, saying they are opposed to any form of "normalization" with Israel. They demanded that Abbas apologize to the Palestinians and Fatah, adding that the "armed struggle was the only way to "liberate Palestine."
Members of Fatah's Martyr Nidal Al-Amoudi Division read a statement condemning Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas for attending the funeral of former Israeli President Shimon Peres.
More recently, the same group "welcomed" the shooting attack that was carried out in Jerusalem by Musbah Abu Sbeih and in which two Israelis were killed -- a 60-year-old grandmother and a 29-year-old police officer. "This heroic operation is a clear message that the armed struggle is a deeply-rooted doctrine among Palestinians," the group stated. "The operation is a natural response to the crimes of the occupation."
Make no mistake. These groups believe that they represent the real Fatah, the one that never recognized Israel's right to exist and holds on to armed struggle as the only way to "liberate Palestine." They are not breakaway groups. That is why they continue to operate under the name of Fatah. In their view, they are following the principles of their former leader, Yasser Arafat, who launched Fatah as a "national liberation movement" and never truly abandoned the option of an armed struggle against Israel. It is Abbas and their colleagues in Fatah, they say, who have deviated from Fatah's doctrine and true goals.
The power play among Fatah militias in the Gaza Strip reflects the wider division among Fatah's political leaders. According to Palestinian sources, Fatah leaders in the Gaza Strip have truly become disassociated from the faction's leadership in the West Bank. Abbas's aides blame exiled Fatah strongman Mohammed Dahlan for the schism, claiming that they provide dissenting Fatah officials with money, in an attempt to undermine the Palestinian president, who is also head of Fatah. Abbas recently summoned Fatah leaders from the Gaza Strip to an emergency meeting in Ramallah to discuss Dahlan's growing influence in the Gaza Strip and the rifts in Fatah. The move came after thousands of Fatah members who are loyal to Dahlan staged a large demonstration in the Gaza Strip against Abbas. During the protest, they burned and trampled on pictures of Abbas.
Such developments in Fatah are notable for a specific reason: by and large, the international community continues to perceive Fatah as the "moderate" Palestinian party with whom Israel should make peace. Yet Fatah is far from a single united bloc; many groups within the faction, in their own words, continue to seek the "liberation of Palestine" through armed struggle. Moreover, neither Abbas nor any of their senior Fatah loyalists in the West Bank have repudiated the war-set Fatah militias. Crucially, many of these Fatah militiamen continue to receive salaries from the Palestinian Authority.
Fatah is, in fact, a two-faced hydra; one face tells the English-speaking international community what it wants to hear, namely, that it supports a two-state solution and seeks a peaceful settlement to the conflict with Israel, while the other tells the truth: it is committed to an armed struggle and the "liberation of Palestine" and is even preparing for war with Israel. Worth noting as well is that some of these Fatah militias also continue to operate in some parts of those territories controlled by Abbas's security forces in the West Bank. And like their cohorts in the Gaza Strip, they too receive salaries from the Palestinian Authority.
Abbas has lost the Gaza Strip not only to Hamas, but also to their own erstwhile Fatah supporters, who are marching in a totally different direction from the Fatah leadership in the West Bank. The dispute between Fatah and Hamas, which has effectively split the Palestinians into two entities, one in the West Bank and the other in the Gaza Strip, is one reason Palestinians are farther than ever from achieving an independent Palestinian state. The infighting in Fatah and the gulf separating its leaders is another. Abbas's claim to sole Fatah leadership is hardly credible to even the most credulous of Abbas backers: thousands of their "fighters" are preparing for war with Israel.
Last week on Mid-Morning Matters, my radio and TV show (there's a webcam), I hosted a phone-in that questioned for the first time Jesus's ability to walk on water. My own theories include "thick layer of ice below surface" and "submerged jetty". Yet many of my callers refused to scrutinise Jesus's deeds at all, preferring to take them at face value, even if that betrayed a lack of intellectual curiosity. I was saddened by that, so when I was asked to sum up why I've become a national treasure, I wanted to look at the facts.
What is a national treasure? When does a man or, to a lesser extent, woman go from being roundly liked (James May) to loved – sewn into the fabric of British life like an ear grafted on to a mouse's back? It's a funny thing, national treasurehood. It's not like other hoods, such as "neighbourhood" or "Robin Hood" or "extractor fan hood". It's a concept that's hard to define and even harder to grasp.
Yet it's the Holy Grail (a kind of Middle Eastern cup) for those in the public eye. Kay Burley has a ringbinder on the subject, a dossier of newspaper cuttings they use to work out why Clare Balding, say, is adored, whereas they have to spend their summer holidays writing to universities to ask for honorary degrees.
In the male TV presenter category, the field is more crowded but I think it's fair to say I'm there or thereabouts. For whatever reason, Eamonn Holmes and myself have broken away from the peloton of over-50s male broadcasters. Alastair Stewart, John Stapleton and Nick Owen huff and puff without gaining ground, while Schofield and Madeley have had to stop by a safety car to be sick (still metaphor). Eamonn and I seem to have gone from strength to strength. Watching them in a bar, working the room, helping themselves to crisps and nuts, it's easy to see why they insist the make-up girls at Sky call them Mr Brilliant.
I like to think I share that standing. "How can you? You're not even on the telly," they joke, before laughing while making a "dzaaah" sound with their mouth which would make some people want to thump them in their stupid throat, but which I find genuinely endearing. He's forgetting that I've done all that. In the 90s, I broadcast to nationwide audiences thanks to two series of my TV chat show Knowing Me, Knowing You (only one was broadcast, the other mapped out on a flipchart). More recently, on local radio, I've sought to refine my audience to a smaller group – sometimes as low as 200 in half-term holidays. But it means I'm making an ever-more personal connection with the public.
So why me? Why am I clutched to the nation's breasts? It's because I'm normal. I'm one of you. I do what you guys do. Get up on a Saturday, make a batch of granola, put some toast on before doing a dozen lunges in front of Saturday Kitchen. (Note to the producers: drop the Omelette Challenge. Just admit it's not working. It reveals next to nothing about the respective culinary skills of the competitors and the raw product served upsets back public confidence in eggs two decades or more. Grow up.)
And that normality, that common touch, that easy way of using slang expressions instead of big words when addressing workmen, has elevated me to national treasurehood. And for that, I thank each and every one of you. Thank you. Each and every one of you.
Perhaps more than its dual-edged smartphones, Samsung Pay has proven the hidden champion for Samsung Electronics in 2015, in terms of both public opinion and its potential.
The company's bottom line still comes from handsets and semiconductors, but the initial success of Samsung Pay may just be the catalyst the South Korean tech behemoth needs to sustain it in the coming years. The core of the mobile payment system is itself nothing original -- Apple, Google, and a myriad of players is doing it. But it's the electronics giant's first legitimate entry into the finance sector, and demonstrates it can use outsourced technology and directly integrate that into a meaningful service.
Injong Rhee, executive vice president and head of enterprise business at Samsung's mobile business, the man in charge of Samsung Pay, spoke with ZDNet at Samsung's headquarters in Suwon, south of Seoul.
"Just wait a year. To replace the wallet completely, perhaps, is too big a dream, and it probably won't come to that," Rhee said.
"Rather, it is a competition with the plastic card. More and more, all the plastic cards -- gift cards, membership cards and the like -- will go inside mobile. Our wallets will get thinner. Samsung Pay and wallets will complement each other, and this will create new value, and become a tool that makes ecommerce much easier."
Raising awareness, widening availability
When it comes to its home country of South Korea, Samsung has it locked down. As of October, the firm secured 1 million subscribers and hit 100 billion won ($88 million) in total transaction volume. Even with consideration of the fact that Samsung has the largest market share in handsets in South Korea, it is a rare success for the firm that traditionally sees its consumer-oriented mobile software services perform poorly, both domestically and globally.
North America, on the other hand, is a battlefield. Arch-rival Apple's Apple Pay got a head start. Android Pay is looming. And it is simply a larger place to cover compared with South Korea.
To stay competitive, Samsung is widening its partnership there. In October, Verizon made it official that it will support Samsung Pay. In Las Vegas on Wednesday, Samsung announced new cards from partners that will be available on the mobile payment app in the coming months. In total, four payment networks will be covered: American Express, Discover, MasterCard, and Visa. The four major banks there are now all available: Bank of America, Chase, Citi, and US Bank. And new financial partners, Blackhawk Network, First Data, Synchrony Financial, TSYS, and Vantiv will extend Samsung Pay use there.
"The US is a large market with a high number of stores so we are working harder on educating our partners and raising awareness," said Rhee. "Once Chase joins in, our coverage for banks will be around 60 percent to 70 percent, and more."
"Because we launched after Apple Pay, initially, consumers and our partners thought Samsung Pay would be more or less the same. And then there is Android Pay, so overall, Samsung Pay was not prioritised by our partners. But the market reaction was exceptionally good. People in the US wrote reviews and comments, asking for wider availability in different stores, and we went quickly up in terms of priority for our partners.
"In terms of transaction volume, subscribers, and use, the numbers always near double in proportion to how much we increase marketing and awareness. The effect is immediate," Rhee added.
Along with the announcement of the new partnership, Samsung is preparing a major update that will roll out sometime in November at the earliest.
New features added will include gift cards, membership cards and in-app purchases. The new features will be a boon for consumers, as well as Samsung, ahead of the coming holiday season, according to Rhee. User interface will also be slightly improved, with a new menu that will allow consumers to see all their registered cards at once. Updates will be done in the background so they don't interfere during payment.
"Our goal going forward is connecting Samsung Pay to online merchants. In Korea this is already available. If you go to an online merchant that already supports Samsung Card [Samsung's credit card issuing sister firm], it will ask whether you will pay using Samsung Pay. As more merchants join us, we expect [an increase in transaction] by the end of the year."
Wider device support
Currently, only flagship Samsung phones launched this year have Samsung Pay enabled: the Galaxy S6, S6 Edge and S6 Edge Plus, and the Note 5. Earlier in September, JK Shin, CEO and head of Samsung's mobile business, told reporters in Seoul that the mobile payment app will be expanded to low- to mid-end Samsung smartphones.
Having more of its handsets with the mobile payment app may be more important than it seems, because it is helping device sales in South Korea, according to Rhee. "Despite the strong push from headquarters, and high expectations for it to become a big business, our sales team initially had its doubts. But when Samsung Pay rolled out here, handset sales rose concurrently, and the sales team saw the benefits first-hand. Now our sales teams in other regions all want to do the same."
Rhee reiterated that Samsung Pay will roll out to non-flagship devices "within a couple of months", as well as the next smartwatch, for which they stressed that a finalised date has not been set.
Unlike rival services that only support Near Field Communications (NFC), Samsung's have Magnetic Secure Transmission (MST), courtesy of the LoopPay acquisition earlier this year, something touted as a key differentiating point from the get-go. It allows Samsung Pay to work with old mag-stripes and EMV terminals -- still widely used in the US and South Korea.
MST, put in the simplest terms, is a physical copper coil in the back of devices that is altered to a magnet by electricity. It then sends binary signals (0, 1) to readers.
Gear S2, Samsung's latest smartwatch, does not support the full version of Samsung Pay. It has NFC, but not MST, making it without its key point of differentiation compared to Apple Pay. This was not realised due to design and cost reasons, according to the executive vice president.
"There was absolutely no technological limitation, but it was a matter of design and cost. In this version [of the smartwatch, the Gear S2], it just happened to not have it because putting in MST would have made it a little thicker," said Rhee.
"[Since MST is simple and versatile] its application can be potentially expanded. Everybody does mobile payment now, and differences between them come down to small details. But that small difference, such as having MST or not, can be the difference between overcoming a challenge and failing to do so. That is what we are trying to do: look for that minimal thing that can give us a breakthrough.
"When the news of our LoopPay acquisition got out, we got some cold reactions, such as 'why buy an old technology?'. But we applied it to a service that can potentially change the use pattern of consumers."
Samsung claims three out of four Samsung Pay transactions were made via MST, rather than NFC. Though NFC deployment is ramping up, the advantage provided by MST will likely continue, at least for the next couple of years, in the US.
M&A success?
Besides the actual service itself, Samsung's acquisition of LoopPay and its direct translation into a direct service has gained particular attention in South Korea.
Samsung has had a long reputation in its home country of trying to do everything internally. As a sprawling mega-conglomerate with numerous affiliates with products and services in cross-industries -- even Samsung Electronics itself is divided into three "companies" -- outsourcing needs seemed not to be prioritised. Not to say it didn't do M&As, but many high-profile instances have been deemed a failure due to the inclusive culture.
In recent years, the conglomerate seems to have been actively trying to change this. Samsung's Global Innovation Center (GIC), the South Korean's San Francisco business that focuses on start-up facilitation and acquisition, was formed in 2013 and was behind the acquisition of SmartThings, LoopPay and Boxee. It was also behind the Gear VR -- a collaborative result with Oculus -- that grabbed attention in recent tradeshows.
Samsung has said during its conference call last year that through GIC, it wanted to siphon Silicon Valley's culture. So is Samsung actively trying to become more open, especially when it comes to integrating startups?
"We are open, yes. But I would not call it [a sudden] change [in strategy] ... I think it is a wrong impression. Rather, it would be correct to say that we've been preparing for this kind of change in approach from ten years ago," said Rhee.
"We are a big company. To change this, what we did first was hire new talents. We integrate those talents to foster a new culture. That new culture, I believe, made us more readily pursue acquisitions.
"For a startup to aim to go public, for them to take that road, there are many difficulties along the way. But by being merged and acquired, it can do things in a much larger scale than it could have by itself, which leads to the creation of wealth and value that they strived for. Going forward, many startups will lean on Samsung to fulfill these expectations."
It is still a long road. Rhee compared Samsung with Google -- while the latter practically grew from a mere search engine provider to a global titan by merger and acquisitions, the South Korean tech giant began in manufacturing, building its own factories and securing its supply chain by itself. The difference of origin requires a different approach, Rhee said.
Hardware leverage
Samsung's manufacturing origins have proven, most of the time, a competitive edge in the cut-throat competitive tech market. It is still number one in a diverse range of consumer electronics.
Being a hardware manufacturer also helps in making mobile payment systems more secure, according to Rhee. Samsung phones are currently "encased" in Knox, a mobile security solution which Rhee also oversaw the development of. Knox started off as an enterprise mobility solution but is now more widely applied, even in the consumer-level.
Samsung Pay has security in the service-level, thanks to tokenization, and at the hardware-level due to Knox, Rhee said. Each handset from its development stage is fitted with a fuse with Knox.
"If we did not have the security foundation we set with Knox, we would not have been able to start Samsung Pay. As a hardware manufacturer, this is the kind of technology we can leverage, unlike Google which just does operating systems. Knox will play a huge part in Samsung Pay of the future, as well as our IoT applications."
"After the wallet, what might be in need of a revolution may be your home key or your car key, or the car itself, and then there is the office. We have strong competence in many diverse consumer electronics that we can apply in a new context to these things that can meld into your regular life, which I think is what Internet of Things is."
Future of Samsung Pay
Samsung Pay is different to recent IoT initiatives in that it has proven a more direct encroachment to a different industry, in this case, the finance sector. For instance, for Smart Home, Samsung may collaborate with a house decorating firm, without both of them eating away each other's profits. But for Samsung Pay, a resistance has been noticed sporadically since its launch. Some in the finance market value chain have complained that mobile payment technology such as Samsung's eats away their profits.
"Mobile payment can be seen as a disruption of sort. But we are well aware that we cannot find growth alone. We want to find a win-win point where we can add value to their existing businesses," said Rhee. Rather, the conversation with potential partners can lead to a development of a new business model, they added.
"Speaking not as a Samsung executive, but personally, my opinion is that most evolution in the IT sector involves technology allowing legacy businesses to manoeuvre without traditional infrastructure by connecting them directly online. Uber and Airbnb are all good examples of this.
"AliPay is doing what banks are doing, because consumers now actively use online payment, and with that data, they can look at transaction behaviour and get more precise information. Technology will accelerate and hugely change the finance sector," they said.
Along this line, the ultimate goal for Samsung Pay is to have it cover a wider range of commerce activities, and, though only a goal for now, turn it into a one-stop solution in payment.
"For example, Samsung Pay is widely available where many people hang out. So we can develop a service that can have the consumer ask Samsung Pay, 'where is a good seafood restaurant in the area?' Though this is just hypothetical, these kinds of new services linked with Samsung Pay can lead to advertisement business for us."
"Our handsets are currently available in over 70 countries. Our plan is to deploy Samsung Pay to all of them in the next few years," said Rhee, adding that users will only rise for at least the next two to three years.
Rolling out Samsung Pay to other non-Samsung smartphones has also been considered during discussions, though Rhee stressed that it was just a consideration for now and there was no working-level discussion internally or with potential partners on the matter.
"From the beginning, we've considered providing Samsung Pay to our partners. But right now global expansion is happening so quickly for Samsung Pay that we are focusing all our energy on deployment."
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) is President Trump's fiercest critic in the GOP and is giving voice to misgivings held by other Republicans more reticent about airing criticism in public.
McCain's latest stunning public shot was to tell The Guardian that America's standing in the world was stronger under former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE, a man the Arizona senator has torched for a “feckless” foreign policy.
The statement came a month after McCain, their party's 2008 presidential nominee, strongly criticized Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for downplaying the importance of basing foreign policy decisions on American values.
ADVERTISEMENT
“With those words, Secretary Tillerson sent a message to oppressed people everywhere: Don't look to the United States for hope,” McCain warned in a New York Times op-ed.
Also last month, McCain called reports that Trump had shared classified information provided by Israeli intelligence “deeply disturbing” and warned that allies may not share sensitive material in the future.
McCain is rarely afraid to speak their mind, noted John Weaver, a longtime political adviser to the senator.
“I've talked to a number of Republican senators who share the same viewpoint and for whatever reason are reluctant to say it,” said Weaver.
McCain's office and the White House did not comment for this article.
McCain was less critical of Trump last year, when they were running for reelection to the Senate for a sixth term — even after Trump questioned McCain's status as a Vietnam War hero.
“I like people who weren't captured,” Trump said in a cutting remark about McCain's five years of captivity in a North Vietnamese prison.
Since then, McCain, who relished the label of maverick earlier in their career but has aligned themselves more closely with the GOP establishment recently, has become a big thorn in Trump's side.
They praised Comey “as a man of honor and integrity” after Trump fired them and argued that the president's decision confirmed “the need and urgency” to set up a special congressional committee to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential election.
When Trump later disparaged Comey as a “nut job,” according to press reports, McCain said they were “almost speechless.”
In May, they said the controversy could become a full-blown scandal, observing, “It's reaching the point where it's of Watergate size and scale.”
On the policy front, McCain last month cast a surprise vote to kill a resolution Trump favored that would have overturned an Obama-era rule on methane emissions.
Unlike GOP Sens. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (S.C.) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (Maine), who announced their positions prior to opposing the resolution, McCain did not give a public warning, prompting speculation that they wanted to warn Trump over the Comey firing.
McCain also opposed Trump's pick to serve as U.S. trade representative, Robert Lighthizer, to protest the administration's uncertain stance on the North American Free Trade Agreement.
McCain is one of the few Republican figures in the country who are as well known as Trump.
 They are also 80 years old, a fact repeatedly brought up after they stumbled with their questioning of Comey last week during a highly anticipated Senate Intelligence Committee hearing.
McCain, in another surprise, appeared to be trying to defend Trump by asking Comey about the differences between how the FBI handled the investigation into Trump and a separate investigation into Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
But the way McCain sought to communicate their arguments confused Comey, members of the panel and much of the television audience, leading to questions about their stamina.
McCain acknowledged they could have been better, joking in a statement that they had been up late watching a baseball game the night before.
Other Republicans have hinted at similar concerns to McCain's on Trump but have muted their criticism.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) appeared stunned last week when they learned Trump had accused Qatar, which hosts the largest U.S. military base in the Middle East, of being a state sponsor of terrorism.
“The president?” Corker asked reporters, looking shocked as one journalist showed them Trump's comments made earlier that day on Twitter.
But Corker did not directly criticize Trump's remarks.
Other Republicans have pushed back on Trump's foreign policy moves, albeit with less force than McCain.
In February, Sen. Cory Gardner Cory Scott GardnerJon Stewart, 9/11 responders call on Congress to fund victim compensation program The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump Don't look for House GOP to defy Trump on border wall MORE (R-Colo.) sent a letter to Trump urging them to take a tougher line with Russia.
They urged the administration to take “diplomatic actions” and impose “economic consequences” in response to Russian cyberattacks against the United States and other Western democracies.
Several other Republicans signed the letter, including Senate GOP Whip John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (Texas), Sen. James Inhofe James (Jim) Mountain InhofeTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Allies wary of Shanahan's assurances with looming presence of Trump On The Money: Trump to sign border deal, declare emergency to build wall | Senate passes funding bill, House to follow | Dems promise challenge to emergency declaration MORE (Okla.) and Sen. Mike Rounds (S.D.).
Republican lawmakers led by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (Ky.) broke with Trump in February after the president suggested a moral equivalency between Russia and the United States on human rights.
When asked about allegations that Putin is “a killer,” Trump told Fox News's Bill O'Reilly: “You think our country's so innocent?”
McConnell shot down that notion right away.
“I don't think there's any equivalency,” McConnell said the day after Trump's comments were published.
“America is exceptional,” they added. “There's a clear distinction here.
“I obviously don't see this issue the same way as they do.”
McCain has at times sought to counter Trump's influence on the world stage.
In February, they called the Australian ambassador to reassure them about their country's alliance with the United States after a tense phone call between Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Trump gave Turnbull a tongue lashing over a deal to transfer more than 1,000 refugees to the United States, accusing them of wanting to send the “next Boston bombers” across the Pacific.
Some leading members of the Republican foreign policy establishment had serious concerns about Trump's foreign policy chops heading into last year's election.
In leaked private emails, former Secretary of State Colin Powell, who served under President George W. Bush, called Trump “a national disgrace and international pariah.”
With McCain's remarks comparing Trump unfavorably to Obama, Weaver said they were just voicing an idea he's previously shared with world leaders.
“He's all but said the same thing on their trips to the Munich defense conference and to Asia,” Weaver said. “I know he's very concerned about America advocating its position in the world on trade and security issues.”
